Veterans in crisis or those concerned about them can call the 24 - hour suicide prevention hot line through the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Administration at ( 800 ) 273-8255 .
The number of Spokane - area veterans who killed themselves in a one - year period is far greater than the Spokane Veteran Affairs Medical Center knew at the time , a VA investigation has found .
The VA ’s Office of Medical Investigations discovered that from July 2007 through the first week of July 2008 , at least 22 veterans in the Spokane VA service area killed themselves , and 15 of them had contact with the medical center .
Spokane VA had previously reported nine suicides and 34 attempted suicides in that time period .
All of them had some contact with the medical center .
“ The methods and sources routinely being utilized by the medical center to identify veterans who have committed suicide may be inadequate , ” a report by the VA medical inspectors said .
The suicides came amid heightened concern for the mental health of soldiers and veterans nationally .
In response , VA facilities have strengthened protocols for identifying patients at risk of suicide .
The inspectors ’ report was released late last week by the Veterans Health Administration to Spokane resident Steve Senescall , after a year spent trying to find out more about the death of his son , Lucas Senescall .
The young man ’s body was found hanging in his Spokane home a few hours after he sought psychiatric help at the Spokane VA .
Although the report was completed on Feb .
4 , Senescall did not receive it until late Thursday , hours after The Spokesman - Review called VA headquarters and the office of U.S. Sen .
Patty Murray with inquiries about the father ’s efforts to obtain the information .
On July 7 , 2008 , Steve Senescall accompanied his son – who had a history of mental illness , including a previous suicide attempt – to the medical center ’s psychiatric ward , where Lucas was seen by Dr. William L. Brown .
Rather than admit Lucas , Senescall said , the psychiatrist had the veteran make an appointment for an office visit in two weeks .
“ I want to know why , when he was rocking back and forth in his chair with his hands over his mouth to keep from crying , he sent him home , ” Senescall said .
Senescall ’s suicide was the 15th in a little more than 12 months by a veteran who had at least some contact with the Spokane medical center .
The discrepancy between the nine deaths reported earlier by the Spokane VA and the 22 noted in the medical investigators ’ report came as a result of the medical center comparing death records from the Spokane County medical examiner with records from all three branches of the VA – the Veterans Health Administration , the Veteran Benefits Administration and the National Cemetery System .
Medical center officials had gathered the information to make it available to inspectors when they arrived for a two - day visit on July 23 , 2008 .
“ Up until this time we did not have a systematic way of determining all the veteran suicides that occurred in our catchment area , ” said Dr. Gregory Winter , head of behavioral health at Spokane VA .
The investigation found that other veterans who had not had contact with the medical center had killed themselves .
The total number of veteran suicides likely would be much higher had the investigation checked all death records in the region served by the medical center , which provides care for 215,000 veterans from Wenatchee to Kalispell , Mont .
The heavily redacted report cited numerous exemptions under the federal Freedom of Information Act protecting the privacy of victims and their VA health care providers .
It also cited an extraordinary exemption protecting the VA from disclosure of medical quality assurance review records .
The report was so redacted that it is difficult in most cases to determine the extent of an individual veteran ’s contact with Spokane VA , much less what action was taken to protect the veteran from himself .
Medical center Director Sharon Helman said Friday some of them may have been enrolled as VA patients but failed to show up for health care .
The report identifies each veteran only by a number .
Nevertheless , details provided in several cases closely match the circumstances of veterans who have previously been identified by The Spokesman - Review .
References to Veteran 1 match what is known about Senescall .
The report concludes that VA staff should have attempted to interview him alone and should have offered him hospitalization .
“ The medical center should peer review the care provided to Veteran 1 and appropriate actions should be taken based on the findings , ” the report said .
Helman declined to say whether any disciplinary action has been taken as a result of any of the suicides .
“ Reviews were done and appropriate actions were taken , ” Helman said .
The description of Veteran 2 matches the case of Richard Kinsey Young , a 35 - year - old Navy veteran who killed himself in April 2008 after a 16 - month struggle with back pain and depression .
“ This … veteran did not appear to have a well - coordinated pain management plan to assist … with intractable pain until a few days before death , ” the report states .
The report appears to conclude that several of the veterans who killed themselves were being treated for pain , which may have contributed to their suicides .
Statistics gathered at the Spokane VA in 2006 showed that nearly 70 percent of infantry soldiers returning from Iraq and Afghanistan sought treatment for musculoskeletal injuries related to carrying too much gear .
The most common complaint was lower back pain , reported by 54 percent of the soldiers , a previous Spokesman - Review investigation found .
Two of the veterans who killed themselves were Iraq or Afghanistan veterans , including Spc. Timothy Juneman , a 25 - year - old National Guardsman and former Stryker Brigade soldier who was injured in a roadside explosion in Iraq .
Juneman hanged himself at his home in Pullman , where he was taking classes at Washington State University after being released from inpatient suicide watch at the Spokane VA in January 2008 .
He apparently received no follow - up care by VA staff .
Brown was the psychiatrist who released Juneman .
In records obtained by Juneman before his death , Brown wrote that Juneman was apparently despondent over imminent redeployment to Iraq with the Guard , his family has said .
Because of privacy laws , the VA was unable to notify the Department of Defense about the medical condition of “ active veterans ” such as Guard and Reserve members .
Among the recommendations of the medical inspectors was that the VA and Department of Defense “ should determine under what circumstances patient safety should take priority over patient privacy , e.g. , reservists being treated by the VA who is in no physical / mental condition to deploy . ”
The inspectors made numerous other recommendations on how the medical center could better identify and care for veterans at risk of suicide , most of which already had been implemented before the report ’s release , Helman said .
“ Every one of the recommendations was supportable and something we needed to implement , ” Helman said .
“ We have aggressively taken action to improve care to veterans . ”
Rather mysteriously , no one can find anyone who has been blind from birth and has later been diagnosed with schizophrenia .
I found this interesting snippet from a short article from Behavioral and Brain Sciences :
Five independent searches , varying considerably in scope , methods , and population , failed to identify even one well - defined co-occurrence of total blindness and schizophrenia ( Abely & Carton 1967 ; Chevigny & Braverman 1950 ; Feierman 1982 ; Horrobin 1979 ; Riscalla 1980 ) .
We dedicated portions of 2000 and 2001 to e-mail and postal mail surveys of relevant professionals ; e-mail and telephone discussions with officials of health , mental health , blindness , and schizophrenia organizations and research institutes ; and extensive keyword probes of Medline , PsychINFO , and ScienceDirect databases .
Some ambiguity was introduced by very low return rates for our surveys , but the consistent result of all these inquiries was that no instance of totally blind / schizophrenic co-occurrence was found .
The authors give a speculative hypothesis that this is because visual experience during development helps to shape brain pathways heavily reliant on the neurotransmitter glutamate and the NMDA receptor .
It is widely accepted that this system plays a role in the development of psychosis but the idea that it is shaped by visual experience to the point where schizophrenia is impossible is just an interesting idea at the present time .
That ’s not to say no - one with schizophrenia is blind ( in fact , there are numerous tragic cases of self - blinding ) but it is still the case that no - one has yet produced an example of someone who has been blind from birth who later has become psychotic .
If you do hear of anyone , get in touch , contact your nearest cognitive scientist , or if you are a researcher yourself , write up a case study , as it ’s an interesting anomaly in the medical literature .
Link to summary of paper on blindness and schizophrenia .
Guards watch over Guantanamo Bay detention facility .
Retired generals and admirals say Dick Cheney and Liz Cheney are trying to instill fear about Gitmo closing .
Generals : Cheneys scaremongering
About a dozen retired generals and admirals , trying to add momentum to President Barack Obama ’s effort to close the Guantanamo Bay military prison , are accusing former Vice President Dick Cheney and his daughter Liz of scaremongering about the dangers of closing it .
“ It ’s up to all of us to say these arguments advanced by Cheney and his acolytes are nonsense and that really what they ’re doing is undermining our national security by delaying the date at which Guantanamo is closed , ” retired Brig .
Gen. James Cullen , a former chief judge of the Army ’s Court of Criminal Appeals , told POLITICO Tuesday .
Advertisement
“ Some of the fear issues that are being raised in this are really unfortunate .
It gets people excited about things they should n’t be excited about and impedes doing what is critical to this country .
Get that damn symbol off the table , ” said retired Gen. David Maddox , a former Army commander - in - chief for Europe .
“ We take a setback every time somebody , whether it ’s the vice president or his daughter comes out and says the things that they say … .
We have to get out there again and just keep pounding . ”
The former vice president and his daughter declined comment on the criticism .
The former military officers , whose Washington visit was organized by Human Rights First , argued rather bitterly that the Cheneys have exaggerated the risks of bringing Guantanamo prisoners from Cuba to the United States .
“ Can you imagine getting a terrorist from Guantanamo convicted and put in a federal penitentiary in your town ? ” Maddox asked .
“ Have you ever checked who the hell ’s in there already ?
Have any of them gotten out ?
The person who we ’re putting in is probably a heck of lot less dangerous than most of them who are already in there . ”
Administration officials recently acknowledged that Guantanamo may not be closed by Obama ’s deadline of Jan. 22 .
But retired Army Maj. Gen. Tony Taguba , who investigated the Abu Ghraib prison scandal in Iraq , said the president was smart to set a mark .
“ It forces us to have an end state , ” Taguba said .
“ It can not be open in perpetuity because we ’re having this so called long war against terrorism . ”
The retired officers met Monday with Attorney General Eric Holder and planned to confer later with Deputy Secretary of Defense William Lynn .
Holder gave no indication of when the administration might settle on a U.S. site to relocate Guantanamo prisoners , the former military leaders said .
Obama announced the one - year - closure plan on his second full day in office .
But the administration lost control of the legislative process in April when the Senate voted 90 - 6 against funding for the closure .
Democrats joined Republicans , who argued that it was a foolish risk to bring suspected terrorists into the United States .
“ Closing Guantanamo is of a strategic value , ” Taguba said .
“ Seeing people in orange jumpsuits and whatever have you creates such an excitement for people to be jihadists and terrorists …
It ’s not helping us . ”
A hearing will be held to see how much compensation Ms Kajla should receive A former prison officer who said she was forced out of her job after being bullied because she was pretty has won her case for unfair dismissal .
Amitjo Kajla , 22 , said she suffered the abuse at Brinsford Young Offenders ' Institution near Wolverhampton .
Her tribunal heard how former colleagues questioned her behaviour with male inmates and suggested she rejected advice about the dress code .
The tribunal has now issued a written judgement backing her claims .
Ms Kajla , who lives in Wolverhampton , also won claims for age and sex discrimination against HM Prison Service ( HMPS ) .
The hearing in Birmingham in July heard Ms Kajla describe how she had been effectively sacked by Brinsford in April 2008 despite having no problems in her previous job at Shrewsbury prison .
' Weak woman '
The written judgement said the tribunal accepted that under the circumstances , the treatment Ms Kajla was subjected to amounted to unfair dismissal .
In a statement , Ms Kajla said : " All I ever did was try to uphold the HMPS purpose statement , which clearly states that their duty is to ' look after prisoners with humanity ' and I sought to apply that in my work by treating prisoners with respect .
" However , one officer did n't like my way of working , which was counter to the macho approach he favoured .
" I was seen as a weak woman who could be bullied . "
A spokesman for the Prison Service said it was " disappointed " by the tribunal 's findings and said it would study them " carefully " .
The spokesman added : " The Prison Service takes all allegations of sexual harassment very seriously . "
A hearing will be held in early November to determine how much compensation Ms Kajla should receive .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
POTUS is warning U.S. commanders that he's ' skeptical ' about whether a surge would help in Afghanistan .
Obama ' skeptical ' about more troops
President Barack Obama is warning U.S. commanders that he ’s “ skeptical ” about whether more troops will make a difference in Afghanistan , saying he ’ll approve an upcoming request only if the forces fit into a strategy to beat back al - Qaida and protect the United States .
“ Until I 'm satisfied that we 've got the right strategy I 'm not gonna be sending some young man or woman over there — beyond what we already have , ” Obama said on NBC ’s “ Meet the Press . ”
“ I 'm not interested in just being in Afghanistan for the sake of being in Afghanistan or saving face or , in some way – you know , sending a message that America is here for the duration . ”
Advertisement
U.S. generals are preparing to seek as many as tens of thousands additional troops for the increasingly unpopular conflict , but in several of his five Sunday talk show interviews , Obama made clear that he ’s far from convinced about the need for a massive infusion of troops and wo n’t be rushed on the decision .
“ We ’re going to test whatever resources we have against our strategy , which is , if by sending young men and women into harm ’s way , we are defeating al Qaeda–and that can be shown to a skeptical audience , namely me , somebody who is always asking hard questions about deploying troops — then we will do what ’s required to keep the American people safe , ” Obama said on ABC ’s “ This Week with George Stephanopoulos . ”
Obama also said he suspects there is a predisposition among some military planners to think more troops is the answer to almost any problem .
“ There is a natural inclination to say , ‘ If I get more , then I can do more , ’ ” Obama said on CNN ’s “ State of the Union . ”
“ But right now , the question is — the first question is , are we doing the right thing ?
Are we pursuing the right strategy ? ”
“ We ’re not going to put the cart before the horse and just think by sending more troops we ’re automatically going to make Americans safe , ” Obama told CBS ’s “ Face the Nation . ”
Obama had made a focus on the war in Afghanistan a central tenet of his foreign policy when he ran for president – often holding up the decision to invade Afghanistan , home to the 9/11 plotters , as the right move compared to President George W. Bush ’s decision to invade Iraq .
And earlier this year , Obama announced a new Afghan strategy and approved sending 21,000 more troops to the eight - year - long war , in part to provide security for the recent national elections .
That would bring the total to 68,000 U.S. troops by year ’s end .
But now the U.S. commander there , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , is preparing to ask for thousands of more troops , right at a moment when U.S. military deaths in Afghanistan are hitting a peak and polls show a majority of Americans no longer support the war .
Also , Obama is facing pressure inside his own party to bring the troops out of Afghanistan .
Obama denied a CNN report that the White House has told McChrystal to hold off on formally requesting the additional forces .
The Pentagon is preparing to give the White House a report assessing U.S. strategy in Afghanistan .
Officials have said that report will not contain any requests for troop increases , but such a request is expected to come separately soon thereafter from McChrystal .
Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) picked up on the CNN report to question whether Obama was purposely stalling a decision on the troop increase .
He said Republicans would back the president if he decides to send more troops to the war – but McConnell did n’t answer whether he believes more troops are needed now , saying that he trusts the judgment of McChrystal and other generals .
“ We think the time for decision is now .
As Senator [ John ] McCain has pointed out , when you delay a decision like this , you may be arguably endangering the lives of our soldiers , ” McConnell said on CNN .
“ The sooner you can make that decision , the better . ”
Obama said during the interviews that he inherited a war and a strategy that had gone awry .
In the ABC interview , Obama said that when he took office , U.S. efforts in Afghanistan were no longer intensely focused on Al Qaeda and the Taliban .
“ When we came in , basically , there had been had been drift in our Afghan strategy .
Everybody acknowledges that , ” Obama said .
“ We lost that focus for a while and you started seeing a classic case of mission creep , where we ’re just there and we start taking on a whole bunch of different missions . ”
Obama also told CNN that narrowing the focus of U.S. operations in Afghanistan will also improve the chances of tracking down and killing Al Qaeda chief Osama bin Laden .
“ If we have a overarching strategy that reminds us every day that that ’s our focus … we have a better chance of capturing and killing him and certainly keeping Al Qaida on the run than if we start drifting into a whole bunch of other missions that really are n't related to what is our essential strategic problem and rationale for being there , ” the president said .
During his Sunday show interviews , Obama sounded so intent on avoiding “ mission creep ” that at one point he seemed to rule out any use of American troops in peacekeeping operations that do n’t have a direct impact on U.S. security .
“ The only reason I send a single young man or woman in uniform anywhere in the world is because I think it ’s necessary to keep us safe , ” the president said on CBS ’s “ Face the Nation . ”
If Obama meant to rule out the use of U.S. military personnel to ward off genocide or humanitarian crises , that would be something of a surprise .
One of his national security advisers , Samantha Power , is renowned as an advocate of using force to head off massive human rights violations .
The reluctant approach Obama signaled toward the possibility of more troops in Afghanistan sounded broadly consistent with a suggestion his national security adviser , James Jones , made to U.S. commanders during a visit to the country in June .
According to the Washington Post , Jones , using a sanitized abbreviation for an expression of surprise , said any request for more troops was likely to cause Obama to experience a “ Whiskey Tango Foxtrot ? moment . ”
Obama did not elaborate Sunday on the other missions which he believes distracted U.S. personnel .
However , even as elections went forward in Afghanistan last month , his administration was stepping back from some of the Bush administration ’s more ambitious goals for democracy in that country and elsewhere .
In recent months , U.S. military and diplomatic personnel have been more willing to cut deals and make alliances with regional chiefs that some Afghans regard as warlords .
There have even been discussions about trying to co-opt elements of the Taliban .
“ Afghanistan is very much still a tribal area , ” CIA director Leon Panetta told Voice of America last week .
“ Some of the Taliban are to our discouragement are individuals who are engaging in military actions against the United States … Others are those who we think more concerned about trying to establish some stability .
So , you do n’t just have one brand of Taliban . ”
Obama ’s comments came as resistance to more troops is also increasing on Capitol Hill .
Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) said last week that she supports putting time limits on the U.S. military commitment to Afghanistan .
“ I do not believe we can build a democratic state in Afghanistan .
I believe it will remain a tribal entity , ” she said .
Others , including Sen. Russ Feingold ( D - Wisc. ) have called on Obama to set a flexible timeline for getting out of Afghanistan – much as many Democrats did with Bush on Iraq .
Obama did n’t answer directly on whether he supported a timeline , but said his strategy contained “ benchmarks ” for achievements to assess the progress of the U.S. mission in Afghanistan .
Top 10 Cash for Clunkers cars View photos
These are the most popular cars purchased under the Cash for Clunkers program .
Find your next Car New
Used Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi Bentley BMW Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Ferrari Ford GMC Honda HUMMER Hyundai Infiniti Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus Maserati Maybach Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury MINI Mitsubishi Morgan Nissan Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion smart Subaru Suzuki Tesla Toyota Volkswagen Volvo Select a Make Acura Aston Martin Audi BMW Bentley Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Dodge Eagle Ferrari Ford GMC Geo Honda Hummer Hyundai Infiniti Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Kia Lamborghini Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lotus MG Maserati Mazda Mercedes - Benz Mercury Mini Mitsubishi Nissan Oldsmobile Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Rolls - Royce Saab Saturn Scion Smart Subaru Suzuki Toyota Volkswagen Volvo
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
While Detroit has benefited from Cash for Clunkers , foreign automakers have gained even more .
Some critics of the program warned that because it let consumers buy domestic or foreign cars , Clunkers could end up spending more American tax dollars to help foreign companies than American ones .
And in fact , foreign automakers -- and foreign auto factories -- have gained somewhat more from the program than domestic automakers have .
The differences are n't enormous , but Cash for Clunker buyers have tended , more than auto buyers ordinarily do , to prefer foreign - made cars .
Domestic automakers usually account for about 47 % of all cars and trucks sold in the U.S , according to data from J.D. Power and Assoc .
But they sold just 38.5 % of vehicles in the Clunkers program .
That 's in part because companies like Toyota ( TM ) , Honda ( HMC ) and Hyundai are still perceived as making cheaper , more fuel - efficient cars , experts said .
Factories , not just brands
Even taking into account the fact that some foreign brands are manufactured in the U.S. and vice versa , Cash for Clunker buyers were more likely to buy a car made in another country .
The DOT recently said that roughly 52 % of cars being bought under the Clunker program were made in America .
According to J.D. Power , about 63 % of the cars usually sold in America are made here .
Not that the domestic automakers are complaining about any of this .
Even if foreign automakers saw a somewhat bigger lift in sales , domestic automakers still got significant benefits from the program .
Ford ( F , Fortune 500 ) and General Motors have restarted factories to deal with the added demand and Chrysler says it 's already making new cars and trucks as fast as it can .
The shift towards foreign cars also reflects changes that were already underway in the auto market , with or without Clunkers , said Jeff Schuster , an analyst with J.D. Power and Associates .
Bankruptcies , bail - outs and factory shutdowns put U.S. automakers at even more of a disadvantage in 2009 .
In the first half of 2009 , domestic manufacturers sold only 45 % of all vehicles .
In the same period last year , the figure was 48 % .
Product shift
For the most part buyers in the Clunker program were focused on maximizing fuel efficiency , said Tom Libby , president of the Society of Automotive Analysts .
When the goal is gas mileage , consumers turn more often to import brands , since they 're thought to make better small cars and foreign makers offer more options in that category .
" You look at the product portfolios and it explains it completely , " he said .
But when it comes to trucks , domestic automakers generally sell more of them .
And the Clunker fuel economy requirements for truck purchases were much less stringent than they were for cars .
That should have helped boost U.S. Clunker sales , but most buyers were still focused on making big fuel economy gains .
That 's probably not because of their concern for the environment , said Libby .
More likely , he said , it 's because most car shoppers did n't bother to read the rules closely enough to understand they did n't have to buy small cars .
" The general impression is that the program is designed to sell more fuel - efficient vehicles , " said Libby , " so the buyer who is the market for a larger vehicle is probably dismissing the program . "
Compact cars come out ahead
John McDonald , a spokesman for GM , has a different explanation for all of this .
He argues that Toyota outsold GM at least in part because GM dealers simply ran out of cars .
He points out that , until recently , GM 's share of Clunker sales closely mirrored its share of the general auto market .
It dropped off because GM , like other domestic automakers , was struggling with " historically low " inventory .
" It 's probably the fact that the domestics [ were ] running out of cars on their lots , " he said .
But McDonald does agree that lower price points on foreign cars also hurt domestic sales .
Many Clunker buyers are only in the market because they smell a deal , he said , and Japanese and Korean automakers have more to offer the customer who just wants a dirt cheap set of wheels McDonald said .
He cited one advertisement he 'd seen offering a new small car for $ 5,500 after the Clunker rebate .
" That 's motorcycle or snowmobile money , " he said .
Jeff Schuster , an analyst with J.D. Power and Associates , agreed with that assessment .
His statistics show a big spike in sales of so - called " compact basic " cars , a term that translates to " econo - boxes . "
" Things do tend to skew toward the imports if you 're looking at how low you can get the vehicles price down to , " he said .
[ Haskell - cafe ] Parallel parsing & multicore
Hi , I 've put together a parser that works like this : - the full input is read into a strict ByteString ; - such string is split into a number of lines ; - each line is fed ( independently ) to a parser based on Parsec ( version 3 ) .
Running the serial version of the parser ( compiled with - O2 optimizations ) on a rather large file , I get the following : $ ./ Parser +RTS -s 2,175,464,100 bytes allocated in the heap 49,293,632 bytes copied during GC 5,297,560 bytes maximum residency ( 6 sample (s ) )
1,406,800 bytes maximum slop 16 MB total memory in use ( 0 MB lost due to fragmentation ) Generation 0 : 4140 collections , 0 parallel , 0.39s , 0.42s elapsed Generation 1 : 6 collections , 0 parallel , 0.05s , 0.07s elapsed INIT time 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) MUT time 1.93s ( 1.99s elapsed ) GC time 0.44s ( 0.48s elapsed ) EXIT time 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) Total time 2.37s ( 2.47s elapsed ) %GC time 18.7 % ( 19.5 % elapsed ) Alloc rate 1,127,336,508 bytes per MUT second Productivity 81.2 % of total user , 78.1 % of total elapsed The profile report : COST CENTRE MODULE % time % alloc >>=_a6OH
Text .
Parsec .
Prim 20.6 13.0 tokenPrimEx Text .
Parsec .
Prim 16.5 20.8 fmap_a6Qj
Text .
Parsec .
Prim 15.5 3.6 parserBind Text .
Parsec .
Prim 12.4 9.3 mplus_a6KS
Text .
Parsec .
Prim 10.3 10.6 notFollowedBy Text.Parsec.Combinator 3.1 4.4 [...] shows that the biggest part of the execution time is spent in the parser ( not in the read & line split operations , as expected ) .
Given that each line is parsed independently , I used the following code : map parse lines `using` parListChunk 250 rnf to spark a separate computation for each group of 250 lines .
I made the datatype used by the parser an instance of NFData , so that the " rnf " strategy should force a complete evaluation .
The threaded version running on 2 cores is moderately faster than the serial one : $ ./ Parser +RTS -s - N2 2,377,165,256 bytes allocated in the heap 36,320,944 bytes copied during GC 6,020,720 bytes maximum residency ( 6 sample (s ) ) 6,933,928 bytes maximum slop 21 MB total memory in use ( 0 MB lost due to fragmentation ) Generation 0 : 2410 collections , 0 parallel , 0.33s , 0.34s elapsed Generation 1 : 6 collections , 4 parallel , 0.06s , 0.05s elapsed Parallel GC work balance : 1.83 ( 2314641 / 1265968 , ideal 2 ) Task 0 ( worker ) : MUT time : 2.43s ( 1.19s elapsed ) GC time : 0.02s ( 0.02s elapsed ) Task 1 ( worker ) : MUT time : 2.15s ( 1.19s elapsed ) GC time : 0.29s ( 0.30s elapsed ) Task 2 ( worker ) : MUT time : 2.37s ( 1.19s elapsed ) GC time : 0.07s ( 0.08s elapsed ) Task 3 ( worker ) : MUT time : 2.45s ( 1.19s elapsed ) GC time : 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) INIT time 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) MUT time 2.06s ( 1.19s elapsed ) GC time 0.39s ( 0.39s elapsed ) EXIT time 0.00s ( 0.00s elapsed ) Total time 2.45s ( 1.58s elapsed ) %GC time 15.7 % ( 24.9 % elapsed ) Alloc rate 1,151,990,234 bytes per MUT second Productivity 84.2 % of total user , 130.2 % of total elapsed
The speedup is smaller than what I was expecting given that each unit of work ( 250 input lines ) is completely independent from the others .
Changing the size of each work unit did not help ; garbage collection times are small enough that increasing the minimum heap size did not produce any speedup either .
Is there anything else I can do to understand why the parallel map does not provide a significant speedup ?
Thanks ,
AB
Japan 's first unmanned cargo ship is on track to arrive Thursdayat the International Space Station ( ISS ) to deliver precious supplies andscience experiments .
The H - 2 Transfer Vehicle ( HTV - 1 ) , which launched Sept. 10 , is doing well and has been performing nominally so far , said MatsuoNaoko , spokesperson for the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) .
" We conducted demonstration tests on last Saturday , Sept.12 , " Matsuo told SPACE.com .
" It did very well , so the mission managementteam will review the data of demonstration tests and they will decide whether wewill ' go ' or ' not go ' to the space station . "
The official go - ahead is expected in the next couple of days .
Once HTV - 1 arrives at the ISS , it must be grabbed byastronauts controlling the station 's robotic arm .
The cylindrical freighter isdue to stay at the orbital outpost for about 40 to 45 days , and then be let goto burn up in the Earth 's atmosphere during re-entry .
The new spacecraft is about 33 feet ( 10 meters ) long and 14 feet ( 4.4 meters ) wide .
This ship cost about $ 220 million , though JAXA has spenta total of about $ 680 million overall on its development since 1997 .
Among the 3.5 tons carried by the cargo ship are scienceexperiments to go in the station 's Japanese Kibo laboratory , which contains anoutdoor exposed facility as well as indoor pressurized compartments .
The HTVcraft isunique in its ability to transport items meant for both inside and outsideenvironments .
" We have two big exposed facility payloads , " Matsuosaid .
" One is a NASA payload and one is a JAXA payload .
And in the pressurizedsection many crew items , food and clothes are packed . "
The successof this ship is especially important given the expected retirement of thespace shuttle fleet in the next year or two .
After that , the HTV will join Europe ' sAutomated Transfer Vehicles and the Russian Progress spacecraft as the mainsources of cargo transport to the ISS .
AIG 's Payback to Taxpayers in Doubt Govt .
watchdog warns AIG may not repay all of its $ 182B taxpayer debt .
Sept. 21 , 2009  --
One year after the biggest corporate bailout in the country 's history , a government watchdog office Monday warned that American taxpayers may not recoup the full $ 182 billion given to embattled insurance giant American International Group .
" AIG 's ability to restructure its business and repay the government is unclear at this time , " the Government Accountability Office said in a new report released Monday .
As of the start of September , the company 's outstanding balance of taxpayer aid was $ 120 billion .
It was a year ago this month that AIG received the first chunk of a government bailout that has since grown to $ 182 billion .
The federal money , noted the GAO , has since helped stabilize the insurance giant , which this year posted a $ 1.8 billion second - quarter profit , its first profit since 2007 .
However , the GAO said that the company still relies heavily on government help as its source of liquidity and capital .
" The sustainability of any positive trends of AIG 's operations and repayment efforts is not yet clear , " the report said .
" The government 's ability to recoup the federal assistance money depends on the long - term health of AIG , its sales of certain businesses , and the maturation or sale of assets in the Maiden Lanes , " -- lending facilities created by the Federal Reserve to purchase some of AIG 's toxic assets -- " among other factors . "
Treasury , Fed : ' Risks Remain '
Due to the degree of assistance provided to AIG , the Treasury Department and the Federal Reserve have taken steps to protect the government 's interests .
They have secured loans with collateral and set up various controls over company management and compensation .
The GAO found , however , that despite these steps , " risks remain . "
" The Federal Reserve and Treasury continue to carry significant exposure as a result of the assistance to AIG , " said the report .
" Until the debt is repaid and the equity interests are repurchased or sold , the Federal Reserve and Treasury remain exposed to credit and investment risks .
The ongoing potential of systemic risk remains a concern until AIG is restructured and market conditions improve . "
AIG : Will Insurance Giant Refund Entire Government Bailout ?
Earlier this year , AIG 's then - CEO Ed Liddy had said the insurance giant planned to sell businesses that make up about 65 percent of the company and employ around 70,000 people .
But , noted the GAO , Treasury officials said that new CEO Robert Benmosche is " re-evaluating this plan . "
The full report can be found HERE .
has finally announced the fourth installment of “ ” Film number - four will be titled “ ” and it will be released in the summer of 2011 .
The company made the announcement with Johnny Depp at the D23 Expo. , who plays Captain Jack Sparrow , sailed onstage in a pirate ship .
He staggered around the stage before hugging Walt Disney Studios chairman Dick Cook , who told the audience of 5,000 fans about the next instalment .
Guys over at Cinematical have some interesting information .
Actually , there is a novel called “ ” about pirates written by .
“ On Stranger Tides ” is a fantasy book that won the Locus Award for Best Fantasy Novel in 1988 and was also nominated for The World Fantasy award .
In the book , originally published in 1988 , the main character is also named Jack ( Shandy ) who tries to find the Fountain of Youth which was rumored title of the fourth installment .
from Amazon “ World Fantasy Award–winner Powers ( Three Days to Never ) demonstrates a precise control of complex narratives in this reprint of his rollicking and enchanting 1987 novel .
Puppeteer John Chandagnac , bound for Jamaica to recover stolen money from his uncle , becomes Jack Shandy after pirates attack his ship and force him to join their crew .
Shandy ’s struggle to accept his new life grounds the story for readers , even as Blackbeard and vodun magicians whisk everyone away to dreamlike lands where the Fountain of Youth itself awaits .
The chaotic sea battles sing , though at times key events happen so quickly that they get lost in the shuffle as Jack tries to comprehend where he ’s going and what ’s at stake .
This dark fantasy tale will appeal not just to pirate fans but also to anyone who appreciates Powers ’s talent for blending the most unlikely elements into a brilliantly cohesive whole . ”
– From Publishers
Weekly “ Powers writes action and adventure that Indiana Jones could only dream of …Keeps you reading for the joy of it . ” – The Washington Post ” … Tim Powers is the apostle of gonzo history , and On Stranger Tides is as good as story - telling ever gets .
He has found a way to bring together powerful Indian magic , black vodun , a British scientist driven mad with grief over his wife ’s death , and Blackbeard himself , determined to live forever .
Opposing them all is John Chandagnac , a one - time puppeteer who has come to the Caribbean to confront the uncle who cheated John ’s father out of his rightful inheritance .
Captured by pirates , John finds himself rechristened Jack Shandy ; he also finds that his old skill as a puppeteer can save his life .
– From the Back Cover ” … Powers writes in a clean , elegant style that illuminates without slowing down the tale .
The story promises marvels and horrors , and delivers them all .
You ’ll love the characters , you ’ll stay awake all night reading it , and when you finally do sleep , you ’ll find this story playing through your dreams . ”
– Orson Scott Card , from Hatrack.com[youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9Qh5LrQNZZg&feature[/youtube]
California 's legislators approved a mandate forcing the state to get 33 % of its energy from renewable sources by 2020 .
However , Governor Schwarzenegger plans on vetoing the legislation because the bills that landed on his desk have protectionist provisions in them saying that all the renewable energy must come from inside California 's borders .
The Governor wants the energy to be able to come from places like Montana or Arizona .
Supporters of keeping the energy in - state say it will create jobs , while opponents say it will drive up costs .
Schwarzenegger is going implement the his version of the renewable energy mandate through an executive order .
However , the AP says it 's unclear how he 'll do this :
The governor 's office did n't immediately explain how Schwarzenegger would implement the goals of the legislation through the executive order .
The Independent Energy Producers , which represents companies that provide 80 percent of California 's renewable energy , opposed the legislation , despite having sought a higher standard .
Jan Smutny - Jones , the association 's executive director , said some of the language in the bills would have limited the placement of solar plants in some areas of the state , threatening projects that are already underway and others that are expecting to get funding through the federal stimulus package .
" The bill basically is sort of a dog 's breakfast of bad ideas in terms of how it moves us forward , " he said .
Consumer advocates and environmental groups sought the limits on out - of - state power because they wanted the bulk of California 's renewable energy to be generated within the state .
They said it would help promote job growth .
Environment California urged Schwarzenegger to reconsider .
" Creating a hard mandate with the force of law behind it for this 33 percent - by - 2020 goal is critical to meeting California 's global warming goals , much championed by Gov. Schwarzenegger , as well as bringing upward of 200,000 green jobs to the state , " the group 's legislative director , Dan Jacobson , said .
The legislation would have allowed utilities to import renewable energy generated outside California as long as the power came from a plant that connects to California 's electricity grid .
Utilities also could buy a limited number of credits from out - of - state producers of alternative energy as a way to promote the development of clean power , even though that power would not reach California markets .
Republicans said the restrictions could drive up energy costs for Californians by as much as $ 10 billion a year ; A backer of the legislation , Sen . Joe Simitian , D - Palo Alto , said concerns over cost increases were being exaggerated .
California already has one of the most aggressive standards of the 31 states that require utilities to generate a certain amount of their power from renewable sources , according to the Arlington , Va. - based Pew Center on Global Climate Change .
In Hawaii , utilities must generate 40 percent of their power from renewable sources by 2030 — a longer timeframe than the goal being debated in California .
California 's investor - owned utilities also are legally required to generate at least 20 percent of their power from renewable sources by next year , but few are expected to meet that goal .
The California Public Utilities Commission also has said the state 's utilities will need to build additional transmission lines and other infrastructure to move more renewable energy .
Construction could cost $ 115 billion over 10 years .
Schwarzenegger sent legislators a detailed letter in May outlining his requirements for a renewable energy standard , including protection for utility ratepayers , removing barriers to building more transmission lines and creating a healthy energy market .
___
On the Net :
Read the bills , SB14 and AB64 , at http://www.senate.ca.gov and http://www.assembly.ca.gov
Want to ask a specific question ?
If you have any general questions or concerns about the Canada immigration process or want to discuss your qualifications and options under the various Canada immigration programs , you are welcome to call our Canada immigration law firm .
We will be pleased to speak with you and answer any questions or concerns you may have .
In North America , call toll - free : 1.888.947.9445
Outside North America , call : 1.514.937.9445
You may also send your general questions or concerns by email and we will be pleased to respond to you .
Simply fill out the form on the right
Having your genes tested may not be much use to you , but what are you passing on to your children ?
Mr Ahmadinejad said Iran was ready to shake " honestly extended " hands China says placing sanctions on Iran is not the right way to resolve the controversy over its nuclear plans .
Foreign Ministry spokeswoman Jiang
Yu called on all sides to " redouble diplomatic efforts " to persuade Iran to end its nuclear programme .
Her remarks came after Russia indicated it could soften its longstanding opposition to further sanctions .
Iran 's nuclear ambitions are set to lead Thursday 's nuclear proliferation debate at the UN General Assembly .
Tehran says its nuclear programme is for civilian use only but many Western states believe it is seeking to develop nuclear weapons .
Speaking in Beijing , Ms Jiang said : " We believe that sanctions and exerting pressure are not the way to solve problems and are not conducive for the current diplomatic efforts on the Iran nuclear issue . "
Correspondents says Iran 's oil and gas industries are likely to be affected if sanctions are strengthened , which could explain China 's reluctance to back further restrictions .
Wide focus Russia has already agreed to limited sanctions on Iran but has so far opposed any additions .
ANALYSIS Quentin Sommerville , BBC News , Beijing When Jiang
Yu said that sanctions and pressure would not solve the Iranian nuclear issue , she was simply repeating China 's stated policy of non-interference in another country 's sovereignty .
China rarely votes " no " in the Security Council , but often abstains .
However , Beijing has backed a number of resolutions that would open the way to sanctions against Iran , but did so with its nose firmly held .
Sanctions do n't work says China , they only victimise ordinary citizens .
But is this sound principle or just smart business ?
Trade between China and Iran is booming - it jumped by a third between 2007 and 2008 .
The United States and others accuse China of sanctions - busting and helping Tehran 's weapons programme , something that Beijing has consistently denied .
On Wednesday , however , President Dmitry Medvedev said although they were rarely productive , sanctions were in some cases " inevitable " .
" We need to help Iran to [ make ] the right decisions , " he said , following a meeting with US President Barack Obama on the sidelines of the UN meeting in New York .
The move was welcomed by the White House .
Spokesman Robert Gibbs said Russia 's " willingness to play a constructive role is extremely important " .
The BBC 's diplomatic correspondent , Paul Reynolds , says Russia 's apparent change of direction could have been influenced by the US announcement last week that it was dropping plans for an anti-missile defence shield close to Russian borders .
But exactly how far Russia might go is not yet clear , our correspondent says .
In his address to the General Assembly on Wednesday , Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad did not refer directly to the nuclear stand - off , but said Iran was ready to shake all hands " that are honestly extended to us " .
US officials have stressed that Thursday 's talks at the UN aim to create a " framework " for dealing with nuclear issues rather than focusing specifically on Iran .
UN Assembly : Key issues
In pictures : World leaders at UN In quotes : General Assembly Debuts and diatribes " There is a deliberate effort here to focus on this issue comprehensively , and not use this meeting to focus on any specific country or problem , " said the US deputy permanent representative to the UN , Alex Wolff .
However , Iran is expected to dominate the agenda .
Six world powers are preparing to hold talks with Iranian officials on 1 October that are expected to cover global nuclear disarmament .
Mr Obama is hoping for a united position among the group but analysts say that if the talks yield nothing , he wants to pursue tougher sanctions against Tehran .
On Wednesday , British Foreign Minister David Miliband said the six powers had agreed Iran must give a " serious response " to accusations against it .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Overview
Americans like science .
Overwhelming majorities say that science has had a positive effect on society and that science has made life easier for most people .
Most also say that government investments in science , as well as engineering and technology , pay off in the long run .
And scientists are very highly rated compared with members of other professions :
Only members of the military and teachers are more likely to be viewed as contributing a lot to society ’s well - being .
However , the public has a far less positive view of the global standing of U.S. science than do scientists themselves .
Just 17 % of the public thinks that U.S. scientific achievements rate as the best in the world .
A survey of more than 2,500 scientists , conducted in collaboration with the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) , finds that nearly half ( 49 % ) rate U.S. scientific achievements as the best in the world .
When asked about their own scientific specialty , about the same share of scientists ( 45 % ) rate U.S. scientific achievements the best in the world .
There are indications that the public also is somewhat less confident in America ’s scientific prowess than it once was .
Significantly fewer Americans volunteer scientific advances as one of the country ’s most important achievements than did so a decade ago ( 27 % today , 47 % in May 1999 ) .
As an example , ten years ago , 18 % cited space exploration and the moon landing as the country ’s top achievement of the 20th century .
Today 12 % see it as the greatest achievement of the past 50 years .
While the public holds scientists in high regard , many scientists offer unfavorable , if not critical , assessments of the public ’s knowledge and expectations .
Fully 85 % see the public ’s lack of scientific knowledge as a major problem for science , and nearly half ( 49 % ) fault the public for having unrealistic expectations about the speed of scientific achievements .
A substantial percentage of scientists also say that the news media have done a poor job educating the public .
About three - quarters ( 76 % ) say a major problem for science is that news reports fail to distinguish between findings that are well - founded and those that are not .
And 48 % say media oversimplification of scientific findings is a major problem .
The scientists are particularly critical of television news coverage of science .
Just 15 % of scientists rate TV coverage as excellent or good , while 83 % say it is only fair or poor .
Newspaper coverage of science is rated somewhat better ; still , barely a third ( 36 % ) of the scientists say it is excellent or good , while 63 % rate it as only fair or poor .
While scientists are generally upbeat about the state of their profession , they do see several obstacles to conducting high - quality basic research .
As might be expected , by far the biggest impediment is a lack of funding ; more than eight - in - ten say this is a very serious ( 46 % ) or a serious ( 41 % ) impediment to research .
A majority ( 56 % ) also says that visa and immigration problems for foreign scientists and students stand in the way of high - quality research .
Far smaller percentages say that regulations on animal research ( 27 % ) or other factors are serious impediments to scientific research .
Points of Agreement
The survey of opinions about the state of science and its impact on society was conducted by the Pew Research Center for the People & the Press in collaboration with the American Association for the Advancement of Science ( AAAS ) , the world ’s largest general scientific society .
The survey of the general public was conducted on landlines and cell phones among 2,001 adults April 28 - May 12 ; the online survey of scientists was conducted among a sample of 2,533 members of the AAAS from May 1 - June 14 .
Science knowledge questions were included in a separate survey of the general public , conducted on landlines and cell phones among 1,005 adults June 18 - 21 .
While scientists express frustration with the public , there are some significant points of agreement between the public and the scientific community .
First , majorities of both groups point to advances in medicine and life sciences as important achievements of science .
About half of the public ( 52 % ) cites medicine – including health care , vaccines , and medical cures – when asked to describe ways that science has positively affected society ; by comparison , just 7 % mention communications and computer technology .
Similarly , most scientists ( 55 % ) mention a biomedical or health finding when asked about the nation ’s greatest scientific achievement of the last 20 years .
There also is common ground between the public and scientists regarding the pivotal role of government in funding scientific research .
Government institutions and agencies are the dominant funders of research , according to scientists : 84 % list a government entity as an important source of funding for their specialty , with nearly half specifically citing the National Institutes of Health ( 49 % ) or the National Science Foundation ( 47 % ) .
Half of the scientists ( 50 % ) cite non-government funding sources as among the most important in their field .
A majority of the public ( 60 % ) says that government investment in research is essential for scientific progress ; only about half that percentage ( 29 % ) is of the view that private investment will ensure that enough scientific progress is made even without government intervention .
Moreover , large percentages think that government investments in basic scientific research ( 73 % ) and engineering and technology ( 74 % ) pay off in the long run .
Notably , the partisan differences in these views are fairly modest , with 80 % of Democrats and 68 % of Republicans saying that government investments in basic science pay off in the long run .
Comparable percentages of Democrats and Republicans say the same about government investments in engineering and technology .
In this regard , public views about whether funding for scientific research should be increased , decreased or kept the same have changed little since the start of the decade .
Currently , more than twice as many people say that , if given the task of making up the budget for the federal government , they would increase ( 39 % ) rather than decrease ( 14 % ) funding for scientific research ; 40 % say they would keep spending as it is .
That is largely unchanged from 2001 , when 41 % said they would increase funding for scientific research .
As in the past , scientific research rates as a second - tier funding priority , well behind education ( 67 % increase funding ) , veterans ’ benefits ( 63 % ) and health care ( 61 % ) .
But since 2001 , support for increasing funding in several areas , including education and health care , has declined .
Over the same period , opinions about funding scientific research have remained more stable .
Opinion Gaps between Scientists , Public
The public and scientists generally concur about the importance of government funding of scientific research , but there are substantial gaps in the opinions of scientists and the public about various scientific and societal issues .
Scientists are far less critical than the general public of government performance .
Just 40 % of scientists agree that “ when something is run by the government , it is usually inefficient and wasteful ” ; a majority of the public ( 57 % ) agrees with this statement .
Scientists also are more critical of business ; they are roughly half as likely as the public to say that “ business corporations generally strike a fair balance between making profits and serving the public interest ” ( 20 % of scientists vs. 37 % of public ) .
When it comes to contemporary scientific issues , these differences are often even larger .
Most notably , 87 % of scientists say that humans and other living things have evolved over time and that evolution is the result of natural processes such as natural selection .
Just 32 % of the public accepts this as true .
And the near consensus among scientists about global warming is not mirrored in the general public .
While 84 % of scientists say the earth is getting warmer because of human activity such as burning fossil fuels , just 49 % of the public agrees .
More than nine - in - ten scientists ( 93 % ) favor the use of animals in scientific research , but only about half of the public ( 52 % ) agrees .
There also are wide differences in the proportions of scientists ( 93 % ) and the public ( 58 % ) that favor federal funding for embryonic stem cell research .
There is less of a schism over the need for universal vaccinations : 82 % of scientists and 69 % of the public at large say that all children should be required to be vaccinated .
Just 17 % of scientists and 28 % of the public say parents should be able to decide not to vaccinate their children .
Despite these differences , science and scientists are viewed positively by those who differ over evolution , global warming and other contentious issues .
On the question of evolution , for instance , 78 % of those who say that humans and other living things have evolved over time because of natural selection and other natural processes say that scientists contribute a lot to the well - being of society .
Those who say humans and other living things have existed in their present form since the beginning of time express a less positive view of scientists ; nonetheless , 63 % of them say scientists have contributed a great deal to society .
There also are only modest differences in views of scientists between those who say global warming is caused by human activity and those who say there is no solid evidence the earth is warming .
In addition , those who say that science sometimes conflicts with their own religious beliefs – 36 % of the public – are only slightly less likely than those who see no conflict to say that scientists contribute a great deal to society ( 67 % , 72 % respectively ) .
Good Times for Science
The poll finds scientists upbeat about the state of their profession .
Three - quarters ( 76 % ) say this is generally a good time for science and nearly as many ( 73 % ) say it is good time for their scientific specialty .
Positive views are shared by scientists irrespective of specialty .
In addition , despite the bad economy , 67 % say it is either a very good time ( 17 % ) or a good time ( 50 % ) to begin a career in their scientific field .
Politics may play some role in the positive way the scientists surveyed judge the times .
More than half of the scientists surveyed ( 55 % ) say they are Democrats , compared with 35 % of the public .
Fully 52 % of the scientists call themselves liberals ; among the public , just 20 % describe themselves as liberals .
Many of the scientists surveyed mentioned in their open - ended comments that they were optimistic about the Obama administration ’s likely impact on science .
For its part , the public does not perceive scientists as a particularly liberal group .
When asked whether they think of scientists as liberal , conservative or neither in particular , nearly two - thirds ( 64 % ) choose the latter option .
Just 20 % say they think of scientists as politically liberal .
However , a majority of scientists ( 56 % ) do see members of their profession as liberal .
Most scientists had heard at least a little about claims that government scientists were not allowed to report research findings that conflicted with the Bush administration ’s point of view .
And the vast majority ( 77 % ) says that these claims are true .
By contrast , these claims barely registered with the public – more than half heard nothing at all about this issue .
Only about a quarter of the public ( 28 % ) said they thought the claims were true .
Both scientists and the public overwhelmingly say it is appropriate for scientists to become active in political debates about such issues as nuclear power or stem cell research .
Virtually all scientists ( 97 % ) endorse their participation in debates about these issues , while 76 % of the public agrees .
Science Knowledge
Americans are knowledgeable about basic scientific facts that affect their health and their daily lives .
But the public is less able to answer questions about more complex science topics .
The 12 - item quiz administered to the public is available online .
If you would like to take the quiz before reading this section , click here .
Fully 91 % know that aspirin is an over - the - counter drug recommended to prevent heart attacks and 82 % know that GPS technology relies on satellites .
And topics covered in major news stories also are widely understood ; 77 % correctly identify earthquakes as a cause of tsunamis and 65 % can identify CO2 as a gas linked to rising temperatures .
Slightly more than half ( 54 % ) knows that antibiotics do not kill viruses along with bacteria , and about the same percentage ( 52 % ) knows that what distinguishes stem cells from other cells is that they can develop into many different kinds of cells .
And some high - school science knowledge is elusive for most Americans : Fewer than half ( 46 % ) know that electrons are smaller than atoms .
Previous Pew Research
Center knowledge surveys have shown that young people are poorly informed about current events and politics .
But this is not the case with science knowledge .
In fact , those younger than 30 get higher scores on the knowledge test than do those 65 and older .
Still , the best - informed people about science , according to the results of this quiz , are those 30 to 49 .
Geospatial Analyst Brendan Jarrell explains , step - by - step , how to develop a machine learning model to detect oil and gas well pads from satellite imagery .
[ This is the second post in a 3 - part blog series describing SkyTruth ’s effort to automate the detection of oil and gas well pads around the world using machine learning .
This tool will allow local communities , conservationists , researchers , policymakers and journalists to see for themselves the growth of drilling in the areas they care about .
This is a central part of SkyTruth ’s work : to share our expertise with others so that anyone can help protect the planet , their communities , and the places they care about .
You can read the first post in the series here .
All of the code that will be covered in this post can be found here .
Our training dataset is also available here . ]
SkyTruth Intern Sasha Bylsma explained in our first post in this series how we create training data for a machine learning workflow that will be used to detect oil and gas well pads around the world .
In this post , I ’m going to explain how we apply a machine learning model to satellite imagery , explaining all the tools we use and steps we take to make this happen , so that anyone can create similar models on their own .
Once we have created a robust set of training data , we want to feed a satellite image into the machine learning model and have the model scan the image in search of well pads .
We then look to the model to tell us where the well pads are located and give us the predicted boundary of each of the well pads .
This is known as segmentation , as shown in Figure 1 .
We want the model to identify well pad locations because of the crucial context that location data provides .
For example , location can tell us if there is a high density of drilling in the area , helping nearby communities track increasing threats to their health .
It can also calculate the total area of disturbed land in the area of interest , helping researchers , advocates and others determine how severely wildlife habitat or other land characteristics are diminished .
In the past , SkyTruth did this work manually , with an analyst or volunteer viewing individual images to search for well pads and laboriously drawing their boundaries .
Projects like FrackFinder , for example , may have taken staff and volunteers weeks to complete .
Now , with the help of a machine learning model , we can come in on a Monday morning , let the model do its thing , and have that same dataset compiled and placed on a map in an hour or two .
The benefits of leveraging this capability are obvious : we can scan thousands of images quickly and consistently , increasing the likelihood of finding well pads and areas with high levels of drilling .
Formatting the data
So how do we do this ?
The first thing we need to do is get our data into a format that will be acceptable for the machine learning model .
We decided that we would use the TensorFlow API as our framework for approaching this task .
TensorFlow is an open - source ( i.e. “ free - to-use ” ) software package that was developed by Google to give users access to a powerful math library specifically designed for machine learning .
We exported data from Google Earth Engine in the TFRecord format ; TFRecords are convenient packages for exporting information from Earth Engine for later use in TensorFlow .
In our code under the section labeled “ Get Training , Validation Data ready for UNET , ” we see that there are a few steps we must fulfill to extract the TFRecords from their zipped up packages and into a usable format ( see Figure 2 ) .
# Bands included in our input Feature Collection and S2 imagery .
bands = [ ' R ' , ' G' , ' B ' ] label = ' Label ' featureNames = bands + [ label ] # Convert band names into tf .
Features .
cols = [ tf.io.
FixedLenFeature ( shape= [ 256 , 256 ] , dtype=tf.float32 ) for band in featureNames ] " " " Pass these new tensors into a dictionary , used to describe pieces of the input dataset . " " " featsDict = dict ( zip ( featureNames , cols ) )
Figure 2 : Preprocessing code
Second , we create Tensorflow representations of the information we are interested in drawing out of each of our examples from the Google Earth Engine workflow ( see the first post in this series for more explanation on how we made these samples ) .
Each of the samples has a Red , Green , and Blue channel associated with it , as well as a mask band , called “ label ” in our code .
As such , we create Tensorflow representations for each of these different channels that data will be plugged into .
Think of the representations we create for each channel name as sorting bins ; when a TFRecord is unpacked , the corresponding channel values from the record will be placed into the bin that represents it .
After loading in all of our TFRecords , we push them into a TFRecord Dataset .
A TFRecord Dataset is a dataset which is populated by several TFRecords .
We then apply a few functions to the TFRecord Dataset that make the records interpretable by the model later on .
Validation dataset
Once the dataset is loaded in , we split the dataset into two .
This is an important part of machine learning , where we set aside a small amount of the whole dataset .
When the model is being trained on the larger portion of the dataset , known as the training data , it will not see this smaller subset , which we call the validation set .
As its name suggests , the model uses this smaller fraction of information to perform a sanity check of sorts .
It ’s asking itself , “ Okay , I think that a well pad looks like this .
Am I close to the mark , or am I way off ? ”
All of this is put in place to help the model learn the minute details and intricacies of the data we ’ve provided it .
Typically , we will reserve 15 - 30 % of our total dataset for the validation set .
The code necessary for splitting the dataset is shown in Figure 3 below .
# Get the full size of the dataset .
full_size = len ( list ( data ) ) print ( f ' Full size of the dataset : { full_size } ' , '
' ) #
Define a split for the dataset .
train_pct = 0.8 batch_size = 16 split = int ( full_size * train_pct ) # Split it up .
training = data . take ( split ) evaluation = data.skip ( split ) #
Get the data ready for training .
training = training .
shuffle ( split ) . batch ( batch_size ) .repeat ( ) evaluation = evaluation .
batch ( batch_size ) #
Define the steps taken per epoch for both training and evaluation .
TRAIN_STEPS = math.ceil ( split / batch_size ) EVAL_STEPS = math.ceil (( full_size - split ) / batch_size ) print ( f ' Number of training steps : { TRAIN_STEPS } ' ) print ( f ' Number of evaluation steps : { EVAL_STEPS } ' )
Figure 3 : Validation split code snippet
Implementation in U - Net
Now it ’s time for the fun stuff !
We ’re finally ready to begin setting up the model that we will be using for our segmentation task .
We will be leveraging a model called a U - Net for our learning .
Our implementation of the U - Net in TensorFlow follows a very similar structure to the one seen in the example here .
In a nutshell , here is what ’s happening in our U - Net code :
1. ) The machine learning model is expecting a 256 pixel by 256 pixel by 3 band input .
This is the reason why we exported our image samples in this manner from Earth Engine .
Also , by chopping up the images into patches , we reduce the amount of information that needs to be stored in temporary memory at any given point .
This allows our code to run without crashing .
2. ) The computer scans the input through a set of encoders .
An encoder ’s job is to learn every little detail of the thing we ’re instructing it to learn .
So in our case , we want it to learn all of the intricacies that define a well pad in satellite imagery .
We want it to learn that well pads are typically squares or rectangles , have well defined edges , and may or may not be in close proximity to other well pads .
As the number of encoders increases further down the “ U ” shape of the model , it is learning and retaining more of these features that make well pads unique .
3. ) As the computer creates these pixel - by - pixel classifications sliding down the “ U , ” it sacrifices the spatial information that the input once held .
That is to say , the image no longer appears as a bunch of well pads scattered across a landscape .
It appears more so as a big stack of cards .
All of the pixels in the original image are now classified with their newly minted predictions ( i.e . “ I am a well pad ” or “ I am not a well pad ” ) , but they do n’t have any clue where in the world they belong .
The task of the upper slope of the “ U ” is to stitch the spatial information onto the classified predictions generated by our model .
In this light , the upward slope of the “ U ” is made up of filters known as decoders .
The cool thing about the U - Net is that as we go further up the “ U ” , it will grab the spatial pattern associated with the same location on the downward slope of the U - Net .
In short , the model gives its best shot at taking these classified predictions and making them back into an image .
To see a visual representation of the U - Net model , refer to Figure 4 below .
At the end of the trip through the model , we are left with an output image from the model .
This image is the model ’s best guess at whether or not what we ’ve fed it shows well pads or not .
Of course , the model ’s best guess will not be absolute for each and every pixel in the image .
Given what it has learned about well pads , ( how they ’re shaped , what color palette usually describes a well pad , etc. ) , the model returns values on a spectrum from 0 to 1 .
Wherever the values land in between these two numbers can be called the model ’s confidence in its prediction .
So for example , forested areas in the image would ideally show a confidence value near zero ; conversely , drilling sites picked up in the image would have confidence values close to one .
Ambiguous features in the image , like parking lots or agricultural fields , might have a value somewhere in the middle of zero and one .
Depending on how well the model did when compared to the mask associated with the three band input , it will be reprimanded for mistakes or errors it makes using what ’s known as a loss function .
To read more about loss functions and how they can be used , be sure to check out this helpful blog .
Now that we have the model set up , we are ready to gear up for training !
Data augmentation
Before we start to train , we define a function which serves the purpose of tweaking the inputs slightly every time they are seen by the model .
This is a process known as data augmentation .
The reason why we make these small changes is because we do n’t have a large dataset .
If we give the model a small dataset without making these tweaks , each time the model sees the image , it will essentially memorize the images as opposed to learning the characteristics of a well pad .
It ’s a pretty neat trick , because we can make a small dataset seem way larger than it actually is simply by mirroring the image on the y - axis or by rotating the image 90 degrees , for example .
Our augmentation workflow is shown in Figure 5 .
# Augmentation function to pass to Callback class .
def augment ( image , mask ) : rand = np.random.randint ( 100 ) if rand < 25 : image = tf.image.flip_left_right ( image ) mask = tf.image.flip_left_right ( mask ) elif rand >= 25 and rand < 50 : image = tf.image.rot90 ( image ) mask = tf.image.rot90 ( mask ) elif rand >= 50 and rand < 75 : image = tf.image.flip_up_down ( image ) mask = tf.image.flip_up_down ( mask ) else : pass return ( image , mask ) # Callback for data augmentation .
class aug ( tf . keras .
callbacks .
Callback ) : def on_training_batch_begin ( self , batch , logs = None ) : batch . map ( augment , num_parallel_calls = 5 ) batch .
shuffle ( 10 )
Figure 5 : Augmentation function and checkpoints cell
Fitting the model to the dataset
Now it ’s time to put this model to the test !
We do this in a TensorFlow call known as . fit ( ) .
As the name suggests , it is going to “ fit ” the model to our input dataset .
Let ’s go ahead and take a look at the code from Figure 6 , shown below .
history = UNet.fit ( x = training , epochs = model_epochs , steps_per_epoch = TRAIN_STEPS , validation_data = evaluation , validation_steps = EVAL_STEPS , callbacks = [ aug ( ) , cp , csv ] )
Figure 6 : Fitting the model to the input dataset
It ’s important to conceptually understand what each of the values passed into this function call represents .
We start with the variable “ x ” : this expects us to pass in our training dataset , which was created earlier .
The next argument is called epochs .
Epochs describe how many times the model will see the entire dataset during the fitting process .
This is somewhat of an arbitrary number , as some models can learn the desired information more quickly , thus requiring less training .
Conversely , training a model for too long can become redundant or potentially lead to overfitting .
Overfitting is when a model learns to memorize the images it ’s trained on , but it does n’t learn to generalize .
Think of overfitting like memorizing a review sheet the night before a test ; you memorize what is covered in the review , but any minor changes in the way questions are asked on the actual test could trip you up .
For this reason , it is generally up to the user to determine how many epochs are deemed necessary based on the application .
The next argument , steps_per_epoch ( also validation_steps ) describes how many batches of data should be taken from our training and validation sets respectively through each epoch .
Batches are small chunks of the dataset ; it is useful to divide up the dataset into batches to make the training process more computationally efficient .
One would typically want to go through the whole dataset every epoch , so it ’s best to set the steps as such .
Validation_data is where we would specify the data we set aside during training to validate our model ’s predictions .
Remember , that data will not be seen by the model during its training cycle .
The last argument is called callbacks .
This is where we pass in the augmentation function .
This function is instructed by our callback to run at the beginning of each new batch , therefore constantly changing the data during training .
We also optionally pass in other callbacks which might be useful for later reference to our training session .
Such callbacks might export the loss and metrics to our Google Drive in a comma-separated values format or might save checkpoints throughout the model , keeping track of which training epoch produces the lowest loss .
There are many other pre-packaged callbacks which can be used ; a full list of these callbacks can be found here .
Now that we have all of that covered , it ’s time to start learning !
By running this code , we begin the training process and will continue until the model has finished running through all of the epochs we specified .
Once that has finished , we save the model and plot its metrics and its loss , as shown in Figure 7 .
Based upon how these plots look , we can tell how well we did during our training .
And voila !
You have made it through the second installment in our series .
The next entry will cover post - processing steps of our machine learning workflow .
Questions we will answer include :
– How do we make predictions on an image we ’ve never seen before ?
– How do we take a large image and chop it into smaller , more manageable pieces ?
– How do we take some new predictions and make them into polygons ?
Stay tuned for our next entry , brought to you by Dr. Ry Covington , SkyTruth ’s Technical Program Director .
In case you missed it , be sure to check out the first post in this series .
Happy skytruthing !
Afghan and US forces killed scores of Haqqani Network fighters during assaults on two bases in the mountains in eastern Afghanistan .
The first attack took place on Aug. 28 when a joint US and Afghan force assaulted a fortified Haqqani Network base located in the mountains of the Urgun District in Paktika province along the Pakistani border .
The US military said “ a large number of hostile militants ” were killed during a daylong assault on what the US military described as a “ logistics base and safe haven for foreign fighters . ”
US and Afghan forces called in air support to help defeat enemy counterattacks .
The joint forces found a series of bunkers , buildings , and weapons caches , which included anti-aircraft artillery pieces and other heavy weapons , in the mountain hideout .
The second attack took place late at night on Aug. 29 in the Spera district in Khost province .
The joint US and Afghan force killed 35 Haqqani Network fighters during the assault on a hideout in the district , the Khost provincial police chief told Xinhua .
Security forces also found weapons and food caches at the hideout .
The weekend raids occurred just days after a controversial strike on a clinic in Paktia province .
On Aug. 27 , US and Afghan troops killed 12 Haqqani fighters and captured seven more during a battle in the Sar Hawza district in Paktia province .
One US soldier was also killed during the fighting .
The Haqqani fighters were in a clinic as their commander , Mullah Muslim , was being treated for battle wounds received during fighting on Afghanistan ’s Election Day .
Muslim and six of his fighters were captured during the clash .
US forces called in an Apache helicopter gunship strike on the medical clinic to kill the remaining Taliban fighters after confirming that no civilians were in the building .
Image of Haqqani Network military commander Mullah Sangeen Zadran .
Obtained by The Long War Journal from a Taliban propaganda tape .
Operations against the Haqqanis have intensified over the past two months
The US military has heavily targeted the Haqqani Network since late May .
US and Afghan forces have conducted raids against the Haqqani Network on a near - daily basis over the timeframe .
Overall military commander Sirajuddin Haqqani , as well as Mullah Sangeen Zadran , Siraj ’s dangerous right hand man , have been directly targeted during raids and strikes in both Afghanistan and Pakistan .
US and Afghan forces have taken out several large Haqqani network bases .
On May 28 , US and Afghan forces assaulted a heavily defended fort in the mountains in the Wor Mamay district in the eastern province of Paktika near the Pakistani border .
Twenty - nine Haqqani Network fighters , including six failed suicide bombers , were killed during the raid .
Sangeen , the target of the raid , escaped .
On July 17 , US and Afghan forces took out an “ enemy encampment ” situated in the remote reaches of Paktia province .
A large number of Haqqani Network fighters were killed in the assault .
The US carried out the raid the same day Sangeen threatened to kill a US soldier unless Coalition forces ended operations in two districts in Paktika and Ghazni provinces in eastern Afghanistan .
The soldier was captured June 30 after walking away from his combat outpost in Paktika province .
The US military has issued flyers in Paktia and Ghazni provinces , urging Afghans to provide intelligence on the location of the missing soldier .
But the soldier may have been moved already into North Waziristan , a US intelligence official familiar with the search told The Long War Journal .
Siraj and Sangeen were also the targets of US airstrikes in North and South Waziristan in June and August .
Siraj was the target of a US airstrike in South Waziristan in June after the US received information he was attending a high - level al Qaeda and Taliban meeting to advise a Pakistani Taliban leader on his options against the Pakistani military [ see LWJ report Senior Taliban leaders targeted in yesterday ’s Predator strikes ] .
The US also attempted to kill Sangeen in June as he attended a funeral of a mid-level Taliban commander in South Waziristan .
Siraj was also the target of the Aug. 21 Predator strike on a Haqqani Network compound in North Waziristan .
Background on the Haqqani Network , one of the most dangerous groups in Afghanistan
Click to view slide show of the Haqqani Network .
Pictured is a composite image of Siraj Haqqani .
The US military has been targeting the Haqqani Network in Afghanistan and across the border in Pakistan since early 2008 .
US special operations forces have targeted the Haqqani leadership in multiple raids in Afghanistan , while the CIA has conducted a covert Predator air campaign against the network across the border in North Waziristan .
Nearly half of the US Predator strikes in Pakistan during 2008 were aimed at the Haqqani Network and at al Qaeda leaders sheltering in their tribal areas .
“ We want the Haqqanis to know we will hit them anywhere , ” a senior US military intelligence official told The Long War Journal after the Sept. 8 strike on the Haqqani madrassa , known as the Manba Ulom .
The Manba Ulom madrassa was established by Jalaluddin Haqqani , the family patriarch who has close ties with Osama bin Laden .
The madrassa was used in the 1980s to train mujahedeen to fight the Soviet Union in Afghanistan .
After the US invasion of Afghanistan in 2001 , the Haqqani family used the Manba Ulom madrassa as a training center and meeting place for senior al Qaeda leaders .
The Pakistani government closed the madrassa in 2002 , but it was reopened in 2004 .
Since then , Taliban fighters and members of al Qaeda ’s network have been known to shelter in the madrassa compound .
The madrassa serves as the headquarters for the Haqqani Network , while the network ’s forward operating command center for Afghanistan is in the village of Zambar in the northern Sabari district of Khost province , Afghanistan .
The network is active in the Afghan provinces of Khost , Paktia , Paktika , Ghazni , Logar , Wardak , and Kabul , and provides support to Taliban networks in Kunar , Nangarhar , Helmand , and Kandahar provinces .
The Haqqanis have extensive links with al Qaeda and with Pakistan ’s military intelligence agency , the Inter - Service Intelligence , or ISI .
These relationships have allowed the Haqqani Network to survive and thrive in North Waziristan .
The Haqqanis control large swaths of North Waziristan , and run a parallel administration with courts , recruiting centers , tax offices , and security forces .
Siraj , a son of Jalaluddin , has risen in prominence over the past two years .
He is believed to be the mastermind of the most deadly attacks inside Afghanistan , and is the senior military commander in eastern Afghanistan .
The US military has described Siraj as the primary threat to security in eastern Afghanistan .
On March 25 , the US Department of State put out a $ 5 million bounty for information leading to the capture of Siraj .
Siraj is believed to be dangerous for his connections not only with the Afghan Taliban , but also with al Qaeda ’s central leadership .
His connections extend all the way to Osama bin Laden .
Siraj actively recruits foreigners into the network and trains them to conduct suicide attacks in Afghanistan .
Just as the US has finally admitted that Taliban leader Mullah Omar and his senior commanders are running their Afghan operations from Quetta in Pakistan , the Haqqanis have been labeled as operating from Pakistan ’s tribal areas .
“ The Haqqani network remains one of the most lethal Taliban organizations operating out of Pakistan ’s Federally Administered Tribal Areas , ” the US military admitted in a recent press release .
Bill Roggio is a Senior Fellow at the Foundation for Defense of Democracies and the Editor of FDD 's Long War Journal .
Are you a dedicated reader of FDD 's Long War Journal ?
Has our research benefitted you or your team over the years ?
Support our independent reporting and analysis today by considering a one - time or monthly donation .
Thanks for reading !
You can make a tax - deductible donation here .
SWANSEA , S.C. 
In Washington , Representative Joe Wilson of South Carolina was sharply criticized by both Democrats and his fellow Republicans for shouting “ You lie ! ” during President Obama ’s health care address on Wednesday .
But here in his strongly Republican Congressional district on Thursday , he was celebrated by many of his constituents for his outburst .
“ Yeah , it was rude , but somebody needed to say it , ” said Susan Wahl , 41 , a homemaker in this town of 800 outside Columbia .
“ Ordinary people ca n’t just get up and tell Obama he lied .
He said something we all wanted to say . ”
In a state famous for both its gentility and its rebelliousness , Mr. Wilson earned praise from voters who admired his message , if not his delivery .
“ I kind of want to defend Representative Wilson , ” said Mendel Lindler , 63 , an insurance salesman in Lexington , a Columbia suburb .
“ The president has been trying to shove something down our throats , and Representative Wilson said , ‘ Hold on here . ’ ”
Today , I decided to surprise my boyfriend because he 's been working extra hard these last two months .
I went to his house only to find him in bed with another girl .
Standing there , with fifteen roses in my hands , all he could say was , " Thank you , can you put them in a vase ? "
FML
Half the world 's population is exposed to malaria International scientists say they have found the first evidence of resistance to the world 's most effective drug for treating malaria .
They say the trend in western Cambodia has to be urgently contained because full - blown resistance would be a global health catastrophe .
Drugs are taking longer to clear blood of malaria parasites than before .
This is an early warning sign of emerging resistance to a disease which kills a million people every year .
Until now the most effective drug cleared all malaria parasites from the blood within two or three days but in recent trials this took up to four or five days .
The BBC's Jill McGivering , reporting from Cambodia , says it is unclear why the region has become a nursery for the resistance - but the local public health system is weak , and the use of anti-malaria drugs is not properly controlled .
Drug defence
The artemesinin family of drugs is the world 's front - line defence against the most prevalent and deadly form of malaria .
Drug resistance in Cambodia
Two teams of scientists , working on separate clinical trials , have reported seeing the disturbing evidence that the drugs are becoming much less effective .
There is particular concern because previous generations of malaria drugs have been undermined by resistance which started in this way , in this part of the world , our correspondent reports .
The World Health Organization warned in 2006 there was a possibility the malaria parasite could develop a resistance to artemesinin drugs , and that there was particular concern about a decreased sensitivity to the drug being seen in South East Asia .
It urged drug firms to stop selling artemesinin on its own in order to prevent resistance building up .
Early results from two studies by US and UK teams have both revealed the early stages of resistance .
Between a third and a half of patients in the US study saw delayed clearance of the malaria parasite .
In the UK study , patients in the Cambodia arm of the trial took almost twice as long to clear the parasite as a comparison group in Thailand .
Professor Nick Day , director of the Mahidol - Oxford Tropical Medicine Research Unit which is carrying out the UK study , said : " Twice in the past , South East Asia has made a gift , unwittingly , of drug resistant parasites to the rest of the world , in particular to Africa , " he said .
" That 's the problem .
We 've had chloroquine and SP ( sulfadoxine pyrimethamine ) resistance , both of which have caused major loss of life in Africa , " he said in reference to earlier generation anti-malarial drugs .
" If the same thing happens again , the spread of a resistant parasite from Asia to Africa , that will have devastating consequences for malaria control , " he said .
Prof Brian Greenwood , Professor of Tropical Medicine at the London School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , described the findings as a matter for concern , even though treatment still worked if a full course of artemisinin combination therapy ( ACT ) was taken .
" There is currently no need for panic but it would be serious if these partially resistant parasites reached Africa where great gains in malaria control are currently being made using ACTs and insecticide - treated bed nets , " he said .
Health systems Cambodia has long been a laboratory for malaria investigators and a nursery of anti-malaria drug resistance .
The fight against malaria has lasted generations Alongside a weak public health system and poorly - controlled drug use , there are many fake drugs , produced by international criminals .
These fakes often contain a small amount of the real drug to fool tests , which can also help to fuel resistance .
Those working to control malaria are calling for urgent action to contain this emerging resistance .
If it strengthens and spreads , they warn , many millions of lives will be at risk .
About half the world 's population faces exposure to the disease .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TORONTO - When was the last time you made a mix tape ?
For many Canadians the answer is likely not in a long , long time in an age when even the technology that replaced them -- recordable CDs -- is on its way out , in favour of iPods and similar devices .
But while evolving technologies may seem inevitable , and even exciting to Canadians , to those in the music industry it means a vital source of income may soon go the way of the cassette tape .
Since 1997 a small fee has been levied on blank media such as audio cassettes , mini-discs and CD - Rs as a way to compensate artists for copies made of their work .
Before that time it was illegal to make private copies , for example if someone purchased several CDs and then compiled their favourite songs on a recordable CD .
The non-profit Canadian Private Copying Collective was established to collect the levy and to date they have distributed more than $ 160 million to more than 100,000 songwriters , recording artists , music publishers and record companies .
But now the CPCC says that cash flow will dry up if Canadian law does n't get with the times .
" Frankly the only remedy now is for a change in legislation , " said the agency 's David Basskin .
" If this change is n't made there 's no question that the continuing decline in the use of recordable CDs for copying music will have the long - term effect of draining all the value out of the levy , but the copying wo n't stop . "
The federal government has been holding consultations throughout the summer in cities across the country with an eye to drafting and tabling new Copyright Act legislation .
A previous attempt to amend the act died on the order paper last year when the election was called , and this attempt may too be in jeopardy if the country faces another election .
The CPCC and the artists they dole out money to are hoping for a change in the wording to make it clear devices such as the iPod are not excluded -- as the courts have interpreted .
The distinction as it stands is just semantics , Basskin said .
" It does n't change the essence of the activity , which is that people are copying music for private enjoyment and that those who create music deserve to be compensated , " he said .
That money is so important for those in the Canadian music industry , especially those who operate on a smaller scale or who are just starting out , said jazz artist Sophie Milman .
" For an independent Canadian artist and an independent Canadian label that has to penny - pinch that is enormous , actually , " Milman said .
" That will make the difference between whether they can invest in another album , whether they can underwrite a losing tour , " which is often the case for a new artist , she said .
" Some songwriters and musicians rely on these funds to put food on the table or to pay rent . "
Some have argued that once they buy a CD they should n't have to pay again and again to listen to those songs -- which they already purchased -- on a personal compilation CD or on their MP3 player .
But for people like Milman and Basskin , it 's about recognizing the value of those works .
" There has to be some sort of way to compensate the artist for the hours and the sweat and the blood and the tears and the extreme , extreme expense that goes into making music , " Milman said .
The Retail Council of Canada has argued against the levy , which it calls a " tax , " but did n't return requests for an interview .
The proposed levy would be based on the size of the device -- for example a 4GB iPod would have a smaller fee than a 32 GB one .
The levy would just be intended to account for private copies .
File sharing programs , or peer - to - peer networks , on which people download music free and illegally are another matter .
" There 's nothing about the levy that legalizes file sharing , " Basskin said .
" Under the levy you 're given the right to use ( a copy ) for yourself and pretty much that 's it .
You 're expressly not given the right to redistribute it to others . "
The greatness of a nation and its moral progress can be judged by the way its animals are treated .
— Mohandas Ghandi
A fire - bomb is left ( undetonated ) on the porch .
Lives and careers shift .
Laws are made and broken .
What is it ?
Religious conflict ?
Ideological rifts ?
Kind of .
In this week ’s Nature , the scientist Dario Ringach tells the disturbing story of how , because he did research on primates , he was targeted for violent treatment by so - called ‘ animal rights extremists ’ ; how after the fire - bomb incident ( the bomb was accidentally left on the wrong scientist ’s doorstep ) , for fear of his and his family ’s safety , he discontinued his animal research ; how he is speaking up now , three years later , because “ we ’re getting awfully close to the situation where somebody may be killed .
There is a general trend toward polarization in our society . ”
There is a lot going on here .
For now ( not because they ’re not important ) , let ’s set aside ( 1 ) the obvious irony of killing one kind of primate ( a person ) because you ’re upset he ’s studying another kind and ( 2 ) the glaring analogies to some of the more radical abortion rights foes .
Instead , let ’s talk about animal research , ethics , and religion .
We Western humans of the Judeo - Christian tradition have come a long way in our understanding and engagement with non-human animals .
Crudely put , we realize now that animals are not put here for us to use as we please .
And , due in many ways to animal rights activists , research on animals is now done exponentially more carefully than at any point in the history of such work .
When I teach research ethics to the future scientists of the world — graduate students and post - doctoral fellows — we spend a lot of time talking about this .
Not just the important party line of the special offices at research facilities devoted to animal care : “ refine , reduce , and reuse . ”
But also about deeper questions : should we do research with animals at all ?
With certain animals and not others ( much of basic research is done on yeast , worms , fruit flies , and mice ) ?
And what kinds of research ( research that might cause pain or even death , observational research , etc. ) ?
In the Nature interview , Ringach points to the results of a recent Pew survey in which , unsurprisingly , 93 % of scientists favor animal research .
( Though the survey neither broke the issue down into the important questions above nor differentiated ‘ animal testing ’ from ‘ animal research , ’ it is still informative ) .
In stark contrast , only a bare majority of Americans favor animal research .
Intriguingly , most men and Republicans favor animal research ( again , broadly defined ) , while less than half of Democrats do .
Ringach says scientists need to do a better job of demonstrating the benefits of animal research , and that , instead of retreating , researchers should “ invite the public into the lab . ”
At my own institution , I have seen animal research security , especially for facilities working with primates and other mammals , increase dramatically in the last few years , as threats and pressures from society grow .
To even get into a lab ( no matter who you are ) can be a challenge , and then nearly anything done or said there , it seems , needs to be approved by several layers of bureaucracy .
While I understand the paranoia and the good reasons for it , I agree with Ringach ( he should know ) : we scientists and our research institutions should follow a more productive , creative , and proactive tack .
American scientists do , after all , rely on government dollars for their research .
Ringach seems to be implying that if we invite them in , they will come , and they will get it .
Maybe , maybe not ; but if a welcomed , educated , reasonable public does n’t like it , and science can’t convince them it should be done , perhaps we should n’t do it .
This is a risk , but a valuable , productive one — very much unlike a bomb .
Most Judeo - Christian traditions are now more thoughtful about animal interactions : know your animals , do not harm them unless you can make a very good case .
I even heard the Dalai Lama once say in discussion with his fellow Buddhists ( who believe animals should be treated equally as humans because they are reincarnates like people ) that if the situation is dire — a choice between animal and human survival — he might then consider harming an animal .
This is and should be an ongoing conversation among scientists , religious communities , those concerned about animal welfare and rights , and society at large .
Ringach hopes “ the public will understand we are open to dialogue but we can only do so in an environment where we know that we will not be attacked when we go back home . ”
A reasonable hope .
There are , after all , more than enough rich and important questions to chew on : ( 1 ) one day , a day some ( not me ) believe is nigh , we will no longer need animal models at all ; we will develop artificial models which will work as well to accomplish our goals and test our ideas for basic knowledge , drugs , and other therapies ; ( 2 ) another animal we do a lot of testing on is ourselves , humans ; if we ’re going to raise questions about research on animals , we must carefully examine research on humans ; ( 3 ) and a final irony : the more research we do on animals , the more we discover , for better or worse , just how similar they are to us .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
August 13 , 2009
David Rothkopf , managing director of Kissinger and Associates and CFR member , has published an op -ed in the globalist propaganda periodical Foreign Policy .
David Rothkopf thinks you ’re an idiot for protesting against Obamacare .
“ America has been suffering an outbreak of especially virulent and acute stupidity recently , ” writes Rothkopf .
“ It has been particularly manifest at town hall meetings devoted to ‘ discussions ’ of health care reform in which incensed Republicans scream at the top of their lungs about provisions that are not actually in any of the legislation under consideration — for example the so - called ‘ death panels ’ that would have bureaucrats deciding when to pull the plug on ‘ grandma ’ ( as President Obama characterized it yesterday ) . ”
It is not clear if Rothkopf has read the legislation .
Under Section 1233 of HR 3200 , entitled “ Advance Care Planning Consultation , ” practitioners must explain “ the continuum of end - of - life services and supports available , including palliative care and hospice , ” in other words the government will be in the business of recommending euthanasia in order to “ bend the curve ” on health care costs , as Charles Lane noted in The Washington Post .
Of course , the folks Mr. Rothkopf works for are all for eugenics and moving billions of useless eaters off this mortal coil .
It was Rothkopf ’s boss , Henry Kissinger , who wrote that “ depopulation should be the highest priority of U.S. foreign policy towards the Third World . ”
Kissinger ’s boss and patron , David Rockefeller , is from a family that has long advocated and supported removing millions of little people from the planet .
“ Rockefeller influence in American eugenics can be traced to the beginnings of Cold Spring Harbor Laboratories .
John D. Rockefeller , along with Averell Harriman gave $ 11 million to create the facility in the early 1900 ’s , ” writes Daniel Taylor .
“ Rockefeller influence also spread overseas to Germany , where the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Psychiatry , and the Kaiser Wilhelm Institute for Eugenics , Anthropology and Human Heredity resided .
Much of the money used to run these facilities came from Rockefeller .
These were n’t just average scientific institutes ; the Kaiser Wilhelm Institutes would become the center for Nazi eugenics programs . ”
[ efoods ]
” The world has a cancer , and that cancer is man . ” declared Merton Lambert , former spokesman for the Rockefeller foundation .
Lambert , of course , was not talking about all men .
He was talking about the little folks the elite have nothing but contempt for .
Rothkopf ’s latest diatribe provides ample evidence of this seething contempt .
He calls patriotic Americans worried about Obama ’s totalitarian health care — including the death panels Rothkopf insists will not exist , contrary to the language of the legislation — as idiots and morons .
He also betrays another characteristic of the elite — overriding contempt for Christianity and religion .
“ Religious idiots , ” he writes , “ demand and are actually accorded respect for ideas that are so preposterous that they would n’t make it into the cosmology of Sponge Bob Square Pants . ”
Rothkopf does not understand what “ the idiots have to complain about ” since this “ country has done more for them than perhaps any other single segment of our society . ”
For instance , exporting millions of jobs to foreign slave labor gulags , stealing trillions of dollars from the “ idiots ” and giving it to the criminal banksters , polluting the food supply with GMO and soft kill weapons , installing a military police state and high - tech surveillance grid , and torching the very fabric of the Constitution and the Bill of Rights .
The “ idiots ” should stay home and allow Rothkopf ’s New World Order turn the planet into a third world cesspool .
Rothkopf also underscores the elite ’s hatred of humanity and love of nature denude of pesky useless eaters .
“ Last week , I spent a couple days — after a beautiful trip of whitewater rafting in Colorado and hiking through the amazing Utah desert — in the idiot capital of America : Las Vegas , Nevada , ” he writes .
“ This past weekend , despite the recession , Las Vegas was choked with people mouth - breathing their way from all - you - can - eat buffets to one opportunity after another to fritter away their kids college funds . ”
In conclusion , Rothkopf hits one out of the ballpark as he proudly reveals the misanthropic psychosis of the elite : “ Powerful people in America have come to depend on our idiots precisely because they know that when it comes to stupidity , they will never let us down . ”
In Superclass : The Global Power Elite and the World They Are Making , Rothkopf sketches out the end game of the elite — a plan to completely dominate the planet , destroy national governments and constitutions , and impose a global corporate totalitarian government .
The global elite “ have little need for national loyalty , view national boundaries as obstacles that thankfully are vanishing , and see national governments as residues from the past whose only useful function is to facilitate the elite ’s global operations , ” writes Laura Miller in a review of Rothkopf ’s book .
For more on Rothkopf ’s beliefs , see Paul Joseph Watson ’s Elitist Blueprint For World Government Revealed .
David Rothkopf is a new breed of globalist .
He does not try to hide his contempt for the larger part of humanity .
In a way , we should be thankful for his casual venom and also be thankful that Foreign Policy — originally created by the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , established by the eugenicists at the Carnegie Institution — considers it worthy of print and the light of day .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The Right - Wing anti-Muslim loonocracy and its minions in the blogosphere have secured a new cause to rally around , ironically enough it once again involves a Muslim minor , and in this regard , the anti-Muslim blogosphere really does n’t have a good track record .
As recent history has proved , the last time the anti-Muslim blogosphere got this riled up about Muslim minors they turned up with egg on their faces .
After viewing a picture online of a wedding in Gaza , with grooms holding the hands of their young female cousins and nieces , the Islamophobia hit epic proportions with accusations of pedophilia being flung about wily - nily without nary a fact check .
Tim Marshall , who reported on the wedding wrote about the Islamophobic response to the wedding ,
Our report on this put it into context saying that it took place just a mile from the Israeli border and was a message from Hamas about its strength confidence and future fighters .
Oh and that the brides were elsewhere .
Pretty straightforward .
It never struck me for a moment that the little girls might later be described in the bloggersphere as the brides !
How naive I am .
Dozens , and I mean dozens , of websites took the video of the event and wrote lurid stories about Hamas mass paedophilia with headlines about ‘ 450 child brides ’ , and endless copy about how disgusting this was , how it showed how depraved Islam is , et al , ad infinitum .
Site after site jumped on the story , linking from one totally wrong load of rubbish to the next .
Robert Spencer was amongst the bloggers that falsely reported the incident as an instance of pedophilia .
The Fatimah Rifqa Bary Case
This time the case involves 17 year old Fatimah Rifqa Bary the daughter of Sri Lankan immigrants who came to America in 2000 seeking treatment for her vision problems .
And before you could say “ expediency , ” the typical hordes of vultures started cycling , not so much out of interest for the girl ’s welfare or the facts of the story , but as what they saw as a golden opportunity to reaffirm their caricature of Islam and Muslims as a dangerous cancer lurking within an otherwise good and pure Western civilization .
Fatimah , a cheerleader at New Albany High School ran away from her Columbus , Ohio home and ended up at the home of a pastor in Florida named Blake Lorenz .
The details on how she ended up in Florida are still murky but what is clear is that she is leveling some very serious allegations against her family , including that she will be killed if she is returned to Ohio .
The Columbus Dispatch reports in a story titled Girl Brainwashed , Parents say :
With Lorenz holding his arm tightly around her , Rifqa told WFTV - TV in Florida on Monday that she would be killed if she came home .
“ They love God more than me ; they have to do this , ” she said .
“ I ’m fighting for my life .
You guys do n’t understand . ”
The family disputes these allegations and believes their daughter has been brainwashed .
They state quite categorically that she is free to practice whatever faith she wants ,
“ We love her , we want her back , she is free to practice her religion , whatever she believes in , that ’s OK , ” her father , Mohamed Bary , said yesterday .
“ What these people are trying to do is not right — I do n’t think any religion will teach to separate the kids from their parents , ” he said .
The family is not the only ones questioning the young girls allegations , Sgt. Jerry Cupp , the Chief of the Columbus Police Missing - Persons Bureau has said that Mohamed Bary ( the father ) “ comes across to me as a loving , caring , worried father about the whereabouts and the health of his daughter . ”
Robert Spencer , however , without knowing anything about the family — or the complete facts of the case — believes there is a slow motion honor killing in the making .
Starting from the pre-set conclusion that he derives from his personal study of Islam , he states that Islam requires the death penalty for apostates , and that it is a dead letter only “ if no one cares or is able to enforce it in a particular case . ”
He writes this in response to Muslim scholar M. Cherif Bassiouni , a distinguished Law professor at DePaul University and President of the International Human Rights Law Institute , who wrote in 2006 that “ a Muslim ’s conversion to Christianity is not a crime punishable by death under Islamic law . ”
Professor Bassiouni wrote this in 2006 when a man in Afghanistan was under the penalty of death for converting to Christianity .
He wrote it as part of a document that was submitted to the court in Kabul .
It has also been professor Bassiouni ’s opinion as early as 1983 .
Professor Bassiouni responded to Spencer stating ,
My position on apostasy has been expressed as early as 1983 , namely that at the time of the Prophet it was not considered as only changing one ’s mind but that it was the equivalent of joining the enemy and thus constituting high treason .
In fact , at one time the Prophet had an agreement with the people in Makkah to return to Makkah all those who came from there , who wished to return after they had converted to Islam .
I and a number of other distinguished Muslim scholars have long criticized the views of the four traditional Sunni schools
…
It is amazing to me how apparently little good faith and intellectual honesty you are displaying in your attack upon Islam and Muslims .
Professor Bassiouni ’s position is pretty straight forward , he disagrees with those Muslims and non-Muslims who believe Islam legislates death for apostates and that his and many other distinguished Muslim scholars ’ opinion is that it does n’t .
This is not so hard to grasp as LoonWatch contributor Barbel notes directly addressing Spencer ,
In an obvious attempt to categorically associate this situation with all Muslims you wrote :
If she is sent back to her family , she could be killed , in accord with the death penalty that is prescribed by all Muslim sects and schools for those who leave Islam .
Surely , as a “ scholar ” you must be aware of this verse from the Muslim holy book , the Quran :
Those who believe , then reject Faith , then believe ( again ) and ( again ) reject Faith , and go on increasing in Unbelief , - God will not forgive them nor guide them on the Way .
How would it be possible to reject faith twice or go on increasing in unbelief if one was suppose to have been killed after the first rejection ?
Furthermore , what purpose would withholding guidance have if the person had a death sentence anyway ?
Robert , regardless of what you might want us to believe , Islamic scholars are NOT in consensus nor have they ever been in consensus over the apostasy issue .
Historically , the sentence of death was only applied to people who converted from the religion AND committed espionage .
Consider what the 10th century scholar Shams al - Din al - Sarakhsi had to say :
The prescribed penalties are generally not suspended because of repentance , especially when they are reported and become known to the head of state .
The punishment of highway robbery , for instance , is not suspended because of repentance ; it is suspended only by the return of property to the owner prior to arrest .
…
Renunciation of the faith and conversion to disbelief is admittedly the greatest of offenses , yet it is a matter between man and his Creator , and its punishment is postponed to the day of judgment .
Punishments that are enforced in this life are those which protect the people ’s interests , such as just retaliation , which is designed to protect life .
More recently , the contemporary Islamic scholar Tariq Ramadan ( a man you have repeatedly tried to defame ) had this to say : I have been criticized about this in many countries .
My view is the same as that of Sufyan Al - Thawri , an 8th - century scholar of Islam , who argued that the Koran does not prescribe death for someone because he or she is changing religion .
Neither did the Prophet himself ever perform such an act .
Many around the Prophet changed religions .
But he never did anything against them .
There was an early Muslim , Ubaydallah ibn Jahsh , who went with the first emigrants from Mecca to Abyssinia .
He converted to Christianity and stayed , but remained close to Muslims .
He divorced his wife , but he was not killed .
I know this is probably still not enough for you , so here are over a hundred more Islamic scholars who are against the death penalty for apostasy .
Of course , this does n’t mean that this girl ( or many others who are in similar situations ) is n’t at serious risk .
She very may well be .
All it means is that the straw man version of Islam that you have created only serves to ignite more hatred and promote your own personal ideological agenda .
This highlights the absurdity that is Robert Spencer , an absurdity that projects an ominous pre-set conclusion on any heated situation that arises dealing with Muslims and castigates “ all Islam ” in the process without acknowledging the polyvalent interpretations that exist or the context .
Robert Spencer ’s Hypocrisy on Religious Freedom
What further makes the Fatimah Rifqah Bary case one which exposes Spencer and his cronies is the hypocrisy of it all .
This is being painted as a freedom of religion case , specifically the freedom to change one ’s religion , but it seems in this department Spencer sounds like the pot calling the kettle black since he supports those who would restrict the freedom of religion of Muslims .
As we have written on extensively before , one of the close comrades of Spencer is neo-fascist European politician Geert Wilders .
Spencer is on the record stating his admiration for Wilders who he sees as the only European politician standing up for Western Civilization .
Wilders is by all accounts an odious individual who calls for the out right denial of religious freedom to Muslims .
He has called for the banning of the Quran which he compares to Adolf Hitler ’s Mein Kampf , he has also stated that , “ Freedom of Religion should not apply to Islam . ”
He is also working to end Muslim immigration and strip Muslims in Dutch society of their citizenship .
This is Spencers friend .
Spencer has also participated in forums with Wilders , conferences , writes articles about him , has interviewed him and cites him often .
In one article Spencer wrote in response to CAIR ‘s Ibrahim Hooper he says ,
I did n’t actually have anything to do with that conference in Florida , but Hoop could just say straight out that I support Wilders .
And so should anyone who holds dear the Western values that are threatened by Islamic supremacists .
So is the Fatimah Rifqah Bary case another instance of Robert Spencer jumping the gun or is her life legitimately under threat ?
The courts will resolve that question , but Spencer has shot his credibility in this department with a track record of obfuscation , innuendo and misrepresentation and is wholly unreliable .
Will Spencer also back track on his position that “ all Muslim sects and schools of thought ” legislates the death penalty for apostates and concede that there is a valid counter opinion such as the one articulated by Professor Bassiouni ?
Finally , will Spencer quit the charade that he is a democrat that cares for Freedom of Religion when in fact his position is to support those who would deny religious freedom ?
It seems that per his practice , Spencer seized on this case to further his well - oiled agenda that Islam is evil and Muslims are backward .
As the story of Fatimah Rifqah Bary plays out we will see more clearly that the anti-Muslims are not motivated by her welfare but rather to confirm their warped hatred of Islam and Muslims .
Share Tweet Share
Thanks to a Slashdotting , the open source world has been abuzz about Microsoft ’s new Codeplex site .
It seems like Microsoft is getting into the OSS hosting game with Google and Canonical , right ?
Well , wrong .
Codeplex is a good example of how Microsoft ’s rabid lawyers and paranoid management can often ruin their best efforts .
The headline is cool , and seems just like code.google.com , Sourceforge or Launchpad : “ Enabling the exchange of code and understanding among software companies and open source communities ” .
Hmmm .
Wait a minute .
What ’s that “ software companies ” doing there ?
“ CodePlex.com launched in June of 2006 out of a need for a project hosting site that operated in a way that other forges did n’t – with features and structures that appealed to commercial software developers .
The next chapter in solving for this challenge is the CodePlex Foundation ( Codeplex.org ) .
The Foundation is solving similar challenges ; ultimately aiming to bring open source and commercial software developers together in a place where they can collaborate . ”
Huh ?
Open source programmers are non-commercial ?
We ’re clergy maybe , or communists ?
Does Microsoft think that Monty , Linus , and Larry work for free ?
Apparently they do .
Either that , or “ commercial ” is a euphemism for “ proprietary ” .
That ’s even more troubling .
It ’s also a 501 ( c ) 6 , which means that it ’s a company - controlled trade association , not a charitable non-profit .
Digging a little deeper into things , you see that the board of directors consists of : 4 Microsoft people , Miguel ( who thinks Microsoft can do no wrong ) , and Shawn , who ported a PHP project to the Microsoft platform .
So , pretty much a 100 % Microsoft board .
But that ’s just the launch board , right ?
Well , that ’s not the only problem .
Take a look at the draft contributor agreement : “ You grant Foundation a perpetual , worldwide , non-exclusive , royalty - free , irrevocable license in the Submission to reproduce , prepare derivative works of , publicly display , publicly perform , and distribute the Submission and such derivative works , and to sublicense those rights to third parties . ”
Let me re-interpret that for the non-laywers in the audience : “ You grant Codeplex the right to give , for free , forever , under any license they please , your work to Microsoft and its partner corporations . ”
Nice try , guys .
I suspect that Codeplex started when someone , probably Ramji , wanted to build a real community hosting site for OSS projects built on Microsoft platforms .
But some enterprising laywer or executive at Microsoft got ahold of the idea and decided to turn it into a big fat trap for OSS developers .
Given this , I believe the current rumor that Ramji is leaving Microsoft ; if I were him , I would too .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
You would n’t know it by his pay stubs , but Jiang Jianqing heads the world ’s largest bank .
Industrial & Commercial Bank of China Ltd ( ICBC ) Chairman Jiang Jianqing attends a news conference announcing the 2007 annual results in Hong Kong March 25 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Bobby Yip
Jiang , chairman of Industrial and Commercial Bank of China , made just $ 234,700 in 2008 .
That ’s less than 2 percent of the $ 19.6 million awarded to Jamie Dimon , chief executive of the world ’s fourth - largest bank , JPMorgan Chase & Co .
The contrast illustrates the massive differences in pay among the CEOs of the world ’s top banks .
The compensation of the CEOs of the largest U.S. banks towers above what ’s paid to banking chiefs in other parts of the world , according to a Reuters analysis of pay at the 18 biggest banks by market value .
Excessive compensation at banks is expected to be discussed this week when the Group of 20 nations meets in Pittsburgh .
But consensus on the issue remains a distant hope as there continue to be vast differences in how bankers are paid , from the CEO on down .
The United States is home to four of the nine largest banks in the world -- JPMorgan , Bank of America Corp , Wells Fargo & Co and Citigroup Inc .
It is also home to four of the six most handsomely rewarded bank CEOs .
“ The U.S. executive pay levels have always dwarfed pay for companies elsewhere in the world , ” said Sarah Anderson , a fellow with the Institute for Policy Studies , which is critical of Wall Street , and co-author of the recent study “ America ’s Bailout Barons . ”
“ They have claimed it is impossible to recruit people without paying such compensation .
Yet , if you look at the pay levels in Europe and in a lot of Asian countries , somehow they manage to find people who can run major global firms while making a fraction of what they make in the U.S. , ” she said .
For a graphic comparing bank chiefs ' pay around the world , clickhere
“ BASICALLY NOTHING ”
China , for example , boasts three of the world ’s four biggest banks , yet the leaders of those banks -- Industrial and Commercial Bank of China , China Construction Bank Corp and Bank of China -- are among the lowest paid of those surveyed by Reuters .
The chairman and the president of each of the banks are paid roughly $ 230,000 per year .
“ That ’s basically nothing for the leaders of these huge Chinese financial institutions , ” said Laura Thatcher , who leads law firm Alston & Bird ’s executive compensation practice in Atlanta .
“ I ca n’t imagine why they would work for nothing . ”
So how , exactly , do the Chinese do it ?
The Chinese banks , which are state - controlled , are typically led by bureaucrats appointed by the central government , and executive pay is capped .
Being the head of a Chinese bank does come with perks , just like running a U.S. bank .
The top Chinese bank executive gets such non-cash benefits as a car , driver , medical insurance , food and housing .
Experts note that many American and European executives receive similar benefits .
Some of the Chinese bank executives may be willing to accept the pay level of a top government official in the hope of moving into a powerful political position in the future .
But the executives also feel the consequences of a global downturn , just like some of the U.S. CEOs who were forced to skip bonuses or accept reduced salaries in the past two years .
ICBC ’s Jiang took a 10 percent pay cut in 2008 , even as ICBC ’s profit jumped 36 percent to $ 16.23 billion .
LOST IN TRANSLATION ?
Aside from China , all of the banking CEOs included in the survey made at least $ 1 million last year .
Total compensation included publicly disclosed bonuses , stock awards , options and other perks .
HSBC Holdings , the world ’s third - largest bank by market capitalization , paid CEO Michael Geoghegan $ 2.8 million in 2008 -- much more than his Chinese counterparts but far less than JPMorgan paid Dimon .
Outside the United States , the highest - paid bank CEO works for Banco Santander SA , which has the seventh - largest market cap and paid Alfredo Saenz $ 13.66 million for 2008 .
Royal Bank of Canada paid Gordon Nixon $ 9.5 million , while Australian CEOs Ralph Norris of Commonwealth Bank of Australia and Gail Kelly of Westpac Banking Corp made $ 8 million and $ 7.4 million , respectively .
Japan ’s biggest bank , Mitsubishi UFJ , did not release the pay details of its CEO .
Alan Johnson , a Wall Street compensation consultant with Johnson Associates , said much is lost in translation when comparing CEO pay from country to country .
And that will make it difficult for world leaders to find consensus at the G20 summit .
“ Different cultures , different disclosures , ” Johnson said .
“ It just highlights the difficulty across the world in trying to make far - reaching pay decisions . ”
To Anderson , though , comparing bank CEO pay around the world makes the issue much more clear - cut .
“ These kinds of figures undercut the main argument by the U.S. financial industry lobby that they will lose top talent to competitors in Europe or Asia , ” Anderson said .
Hugo Chavez visited Moscow last week Russia has agreed to lend Venezuela over $ 2bn ( £ 1.2 bn ) to buy weapons , President Hugo Chavez has said .
The credit will be used to purchase nearly 100 tanks and a series of anti-aircraft rocket systems from Russia .
In his weekly TV address , Mr Chavez said the weapons were intended to boost Venezuela 's defensive capacity .
The deal comes as tensions grow between Venezuela and Colombia over Bogota 's plan to allow the US access to several military bases there .
Colombia says the US forces will help in the war against drugs and left - wing guerrillas , and will not destabilise the region .
Russian tour " The Russian government approved financing of $ 2.2bn for the cost of the weapons , " Mr Chavez said on his weekly programme " Alo Presidente " .
The money would be used to buy arms including 92 T - 72 tanks and an S - 300 rocket launch system , he said .
Mr Chavez suggested that Colombia 's decision to grant the US access to seven military bases was a threat to Venezuelan security .
He said the anti-aircraft rockets systems would make it difficult to be attacked .
" With these rockets , it is going to be very difficult for them [ the US ] to come and bomb us .
If that happens , they should know that we will soon have these systems installed , [ and ] for an enemy that appears on the horizon , there it goes , " he said .
Mr Chavez said that the country 's vast reserves of oil and gas demanded military protection .
" Venezuela has no plans to invade anybody , nor attack anybody , " he said .
" These arms are necessary for our national defence . "
He also reiterated that his government was committed to developing nuclear power with Russia 's help .
" With Russia we have created an atomic energy commission and I tell the world - Venezuela is going to start developing nuclear energy , but we are not going to make an atomic bomb , " Mr Chavez said .
The loan announcement came days after Mr Chavez returned from a 10 - day tour of Africa , Asia and Europe , during which he held two days of talks in Moscow .
Over recent years the country has signed over $ 4bn worth of weapons contracts with Russia , including the purchase of 24 Sukhoi fighter jets , numerous combat helicopters and 100,000 Kalashnikov assault rifles .
Last November , the two states held joint exercises in the Caribbean Sea , close to US territorial waters .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For more than half a century , Riley B. King – better known as B.B. King – has defined the blues for a worldwide audience .
Since he started recording in the 1940s , he has released over fifty albums , many of them classics .
He was born September 16 , 1925 , on a plantation in Itta Bena , Mississippi , near Indianola .
In his youth , he played on street corners for dimes , and would sometimes play in as many as four towns a night .
In 1947 , he hitchhiked to Memphis , TN , to pursue his music career .
Memphis was where every important musician of the South gravitated , and which supported a large musical community where every style of African American music could be found .
B.B. stayed with his cousin Bukka
White , one of the most celebrated blues performers of his time , who schooled B.B. further in the art of the blues .
Over the years , B.B. has developed one of the world ’s most identifiable guitar styles .
He borrowed from Blind Lemon Jefferson , T - Bone Walker and others , integrating his precise and complex vocal - like string bends and his left hand vibrato , both of which have become indispensable components of rock guitarist ’s vocabulary .
His economy , his every - note - counts phrasing , has been a model for thousands of players , from Eric Clapton and George Harrison to Jeff Beck .
B.B. has mixed traditional blues , jazz , swing , mainstream pop and jump into a unique sound .
In B.B. ’s words , “ When I sing , I play in my mind ; the minute I stop singing orally , I start to sing by playing Lucille . ”
Companies donate to political campaigns in order to gain some leverage over policy making processes .
This fun interactive graphic ( via ) allows you to see which companies donate primarily to Republican and Democratic campaigns , and which straddle the political fence .
These are the companies with the largest total contribution :
The most Republican leaning :
The most Democratic leaning :
You can also search by type of company .
For example , media and entertainment :
Transportation :
Pharmaceuticals :
UPDATE : Comments on this thread have been closed .
— — — — — —— ——
Lisa Wade is a professor of sociology at Occidental College .
You can follow her on Twitter and Facebook .
A dwarfplanet in our solar system , called Haumea , is known for its unusual shape andfast spin .
Now astronomers have discovered another distinguishing feature : adark red spot which appears to be richer in minerals and organic compounds thanthe surrounding icy surface .
Haumea , discoveredin 2004 , orbits the Sun beyond Neptune , in a region known as the KuiperBelt .
It is classified as a dwarf planet ?
a celestial body that is big enough to have been rounded by its own gravity , but has not cleared its neighboring region of similar objects .
There are fourother dwarf planets : Ceres , Pluto , Eris and Makemake .
Haumea is the fourth largest dwarf planet .
Haumea isalso the fastest spinning large object in the solar system ?
one day on Haumeais equal to about 3.9 hours on Earth .
This rapid rotation distorts Haumea , elongating it into a football - like shape .
Most ofwhat we know about this object was determined from studying variations in itsbrightness , called a " light curve . "
And it is through examination ofthis light curve that scientists have found the dark spot .
" Thetwo brightness maxima and the two minima of the light curve are not exactlyequal , as would be expected from a uniform surface , " said Pedro Lacerda ofQueen 's University Belfast in the United Kingdom .
" This indicates thepresence of a dark spot on the otherwise bright surface . "
Additionallythe light curve is not exactly the same shape in all wavelengths .
Small butpersistent differences indicate that the dark spot is slightly redder invisible light and slightly bluer at infrared wavelengths .
?
Our veryfirst measurements of Haumea already told us there was a spot on the surface , but it was only when we got the infrared data that we were able to begin tounderstand what the spot might be , ?
Lacerda said .
While theorigin of the spot is unknown , possible interpretations of these measurementsare that the spot is richer in minerals and organic compounds , or that itcontains a higher fraction of crystalline ice .
If the spot is a scar of arecent impact , then the spot material might resemble the composition of theimpactor , perhaps mixed with material from the inner layers of Haumea .
Lacerdawill present the discovery Wednesday at the European Planetary Science Congressin Potsdam , Germany .
Newobservations of this spot are planned for early 2010 using the ESOVery Large Telescope .
" Now we will get detailed spectroscopy of thespot to hopefully identify its chemical composition and solve the puzzle of itsorigin " Lacerda concluded .
DISCLAIMER ( August 2016 ) As this comic is almost 8 years old , and I have grown and learned since 17 year - old me uploaded this comic , I have debated taking it down due to it no longer being how I would approach such a topic .
It contains not only slurs and blatant mistakes , but also portrays it in a very American - European view .
My intent at the time was to make a funny , quick comic with a very basic grasp of the whole conflict ( at times , looking it up online to fill in the blanks , often with mistakes due to rushing ) .
I was aware of the holocaust back then , but did n't know how to include it in , so I opted to not even mention it , which is wrong now , and was wrong back then .
Not mentioning a whole genocide is , in my opinion , as bad as saying it did n't happen .
I have chosen to keep this comic up , because ignoring and deleting it would be equal to pretending it never happened .
ORIGINAL DESCRIPTION ( January 2008 ) This is World War Two explained in ANTHRO .
AM I COOL YETThis is how I explain the major conflict of the last century .
P.S. the file is huegand if there are parts you can't read , I 'll make a text available for downloadP.P.S.HHHHHGGGGGNNNNNNNNNHHHHH
WHAT A DAILY DEVIATIONI knew something was wrong when I logged in and saw 468 MESSAGES .
Also , World War One : angusmcleod.deviantart.com /art…
And Cold War
This is my " evolution " Java applet .
Four amoebas are created ( red , green , blue , and black ) , each containing a " stinger " to kill others .
When an amoeba manages to kill another , then the victim dies , and the killer gives birth to a fresh amoeba .
( The fresh amoeba is a randomly - mutated version of the killer . )
Each amoeba has four parameters : size , speed of rotation , frequency of deployment of stinger , and span of stinger .
( Also displayed is the number of other amoebas it has killed without being killed itself . )
Over time , the amoebas should evolve into beings well suited to their environment .
But what parameters give rise to the most powerful amoebas ?
[ Oops , your browser will not display java applets . ]
To reset all amoebas to the initial parameter reset values ( as shown at the bottom in yellow ) , press ' A ' .
To reset just one amoeba , use its own reset key ( ' R ' , ' G ' , ' B ' , or ' L ' ) .
To pause / unpause the simulation , press ' p ' or ' P ' .
( Note : You may need to first " click " on the applet with your mouse , before key inputs will work . )
Hemp plants look like cannabis ones , but have little psychoactive effect
A triumph for Dutch police quickly turned out to be an embarrassing mistake after they destroyed what they thought was a field of cannabis plants .
Police on Wednesday announced they had discovered a plantation of some 47,000 illicit cannabis plants with a street value of 4.4 m euros ( $ 6.3 m ; £ 3.8 m ) .
They had destroyed much of the crop when they were told the plants belonged to a respected school of agriculture .
They were a type of hemp , being grown as a fibre for use in textiles .
Hemp is related to cannabis , but contains only trace amounts of THC , the psychoactive substance found in marijuana .
They were being grown in the field near Lelystad , Flevoland province under licence by researchers from Wageningen University who were studying the hemp variety as a potential sustainable source of textiles .
" The street value from a drug point of view is less than zero , " the university 's Simon Vink told AP news agency .
Under Dutch law , cannabis is a controlled substance , and its large - scale production is illegal .
However a policy of tolerance is applied to individual users .
Phillip Ross of Metrofiets rolls out the new Hopworks party bike , complete with wood bar , kegs on tap , pizza rack , sound system , and mountains of mojo .
( Photos © Elly Blue )
I just witnessed the unveiling of something truly in the Portland spirit : A locally built cargo bike that holds two kegs below an inlaid wood bar .
A rear rack is built to hold a stack of pizzas ; below that a wood - paneled pannier is in fact a compact sound system .
It ’s made in Portland .
And it ’s beautiful .
Story continues below
advertisement
Celebrating the unveiling in style
Described as a “ pub bike , ” or a “ mobile party , ” this human powered machine was built by local box bike builder Metrofiets specially for Hopworks Urban Brewing ( HUB ) and will make its first public appearance at the company ’s free Biketobeerfest celebration this Saturday .
The bike follows the basic Metrofiets design of a long body , with a cargo carried in the front .
The cargo container is a metal keg bucket which holds two full sized kegs and 25 pounds of ice .
Beer from the kegs run through a 50 foot cooling coil and then to your glass via two taps ( made by Shimano and Chris King ) which protrude from a wooden bar inlaid with HUB ’s trademark lightning bolt .
Tap handles by Shimano
and Chris King
A large , square rear rack is designed to fit a stack of pizza boxes .
Below the rack is a sound system “ pannier ” with another lightning bolt inlaid wood panel casing and a speaker .
The bike sports HUB ’s colors , matte orange and black .
This party is entirely human - powered , with the help of nine gears — any more would allow a rider to go faster than would be entirely wise , explained Ross .
Sturdy looking disc brakes and chunky tires with full fenders adorn both wheels .
When fully loaded with pizza , beer , and ice , the bike should just about meet Metrofiets ’ 400 lb weight limit .
Still , Ross is recommending that the bike be transported with pony kegs , and refilled with full - sized kegs on the scene .
The sound pannier in action
The bike was conceived over the course of casual conversations this summer between Hopworks founder Christian Ettinger and Metrofiets owners Phillip Ross and Jamie Nichols .
The idea quickly escalated ; then the friends began paring it down to a buildable concept and began lining up support .
The bike is a group effort .
Ross and Nichols designed and built the bike .
Damon Eckhoff inspired the sound system and did much of the wiring .
Metropolis Cycles ( 2249 N Williams ) built the wheels and provided general bike shop support .
Michael Moscarelli of local brewing supply company F.H. Steinbarts did the beer plumbing ; local high school biology teacher , homebrewer , and woodworker Gregg Heppner created the bar top and sound system shell .
The bike ’s components ( including the tap handles ) were donated by Chris King Components and Shimano .
Ettinger still has big plans for the bike ’s future .
A second sound pannier will allow music to be played in stereo ; a solar panel cover for the pizza rack will power the sound system and a string of LED lights around the base of the bar , making the bike fully self - sufficient .
Christian Ettinger shows off his
new seasonal “ Bike Beer ”
As if the bike is n’t enough , Ettinger plans to unveil his new , seasonal Bike Beer this weekend .
The first season ’s offering is an organic Pacific Northwest style IPA .
It comes in bottles branded with a bike chain motif and the words “ Ride your bike , ” and features a Portland bike fun event calendar on the back .
The beer was brewed specially for the upcoming Oregon Manifest , and will be the event ’s exclusive beer .
Its broader intent is to promote Portland ’s unique bike culture .
“ We ’re seeking a cross-pollination between the bike and beer cultures , ” Ettinger explained .
You can expect to see this season ’s Bike Beer at various stores around town in the next month .
And keep your eyes peeled for a party on wheels — HUB expects to be bringing its new steed to various bike events year round .
Here ’s a photo slideshow of the bike and its happy creators :
Bike Friendly Businesses , Business , Front Page , The Scene
bike based business , hopworks , hopworks urban brewery , metrofiets
* Colorado State cuts tropical storm forecast to 10
* Team predicts four of those will become hurricanes
* CSU expects El Nino to help squelch storm development
* But London 's TSR bucks trend , raises its forecast
( Adds CSU detail , TSR forecast )
By Jane Sutton
MIAMI , Aug 4 ( Reuters ) - The Colorado State University storm research team cut its 2009 Atlantic hurricane season forecast on Tuesday , predicting that El Nino would trim the tally to 10 tropical storms , with four becoming hurricanes .
The noted forecasting team founded by pioneering storm researcher William Gray had predicted on June 2 that the season would see 11 tropical storms , including five hurricanes .
Tuesday 's forecast said two of the hurricanes would reach " major " status of Category 3 or higher , with sustained winds of more than 110 miles per hour ( 177 km per hour ) .
It marked the third time Colorado State 's forecast has been reduced in the tropical Atlantic Ocean , due mainly to the development of El Nino conditions in the eastern Pacific .
El Nino is a periodic warming of sea waters that can dampen Atlantic hurricane activity by increasing wind shear , a difference in wind speeds at different altitudes that can tear apart nascent cyclones .
The National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , the U.S. government climate agency , said in early July that the eastern Pacific had demonstrated El Nino conditions .
The Colorado State team said those conditions , combined with other factors , " will likely lead to a fairly quiet season . "
While several well - known forecasters have recently cut their predictions for this season , London - based Tropical Storm Risk bucked the trend on Tuesday and raised its forecast to 12.6 tropical storms , with 6.5 strengthening into hurricanes and 2.8 of those becoming major hurricanes .
That was up from TSR's July 6 forecast of 11.4 tropical storms , 5.6 hurricanes and 2.4 major hurricanes .
TSR said sea surface temperatures in the Atlantic region where storms most often develop are expected to be warmer than previously thought , making this a near - average season .
Its forecasters gave greater weight to the storm - nurturing effects of warmer sea surface temperatures than to the suppressing effects of the wind shear .
Meteorologists have had varied success in predicting seasonal hurricane activity , coming close some years but falling widely off the mark in others .
None had predicted the record - setting 2005 season would bring 28 storms .
Forecasters compare a broad range of atmospheric and oceanic conditions with those of past years and try to draw correlations with busy or quiet seasons .
" The Atlantic basin has the largest year - to - year variability of any of the global tropical cyclone basins , " the Colorado State researchers said .
" These seasonal forecasts are based on statistical schemes which , owing to their intrinsically probabilistic nature , will fail in some years . "
The first two months of the Atlantic season , June and July , did not produce any tropical storms or hurricanes .
The season runs through Nov. 30 .
Forecasters warned not to read much into the slow start , since the busiest part of the season is typically from late August to mid-October and is still ahead .
In 2005 , Hurricanes Katrina and Rita temporarily knocked out a substantial part of U.S. crude and fuel production , toppling offshore platforms , wrecking undersea pipelines , flooding coastal refineries and sending energy prices soaring .
Storms can also damage crops in the Gulf of Mexico and Caribbean regions , affecting the prices of such commodities as orange juice , sugar , coffee and cotton .
( Editing by Jim Loney and Eric Walsh )
Text Size A A
President Barack Obama announced the latest slate of National Medal of Science and National Medal of Technology recipients on Sept. 17 .
The awards are the highest honor bestowed by the U.S. government on scientists , engineers , and innovators .
Of the nine scientists named as science medalists , five are chemists or work in a chemically related area .
They are Berni J. Alder , Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory ; Francis Collins , director of the National Institutes of Health ; Joanna Fowler , senior scientist at Brookhaven National Laboratory ; JoAnne Stubbe , professor at Massachusetts Institute of Technology ; and J. Craig Venter , founder , chairman , and president of the J. Craig Venter Institute .
A chemist is also among the four researchers and one company being honored for technology and innovation .
She is Esther Sans Takeuchi , professor at the University at Buffalo , SUNY .
The medalists will receive their awards at a White House ceremony on Oct. 7 .
[ Our Nerd President brandishes a lightsaber after a fencing demonstration on the White House lawn today during a photo op to promote Chicago 's bid for the 2016 Olympic Games .
( Bonus , green - screen - challenge - ready shot after the jump . )
Image via Getty ]
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement The Iraqi journalist who threw his shoes at former US President George W Bush says he was tortured by senior government officials while in jail .
Shortly after his release from nine months in a Baghdad prison , Muntadar al - Zaidi demanded an apology - and said he would name the officials later .
Iraqi officials told the BBC his claims should be investigated .
His protest last December made him a hero for many people .
He was convicted of assaulting a foreign leader .
Initially , he was sentenced to three years in jail .
But he had the term reduced to 12 months on appeal and was released three months early for good behaviour .
' Insurgent revolutionary ' MUNTADAR AL - ZAIDI Worked for Egypt - based broadcaster since 2005 Was kidnapped by gunmen while reporting in Baghdad in 2007 Detained by US troops for a night in 2008 , his brother says , before they freed him and apologised
In pictures : Fashion of shoe - ing
In the shoe thrower 's footsteps Profile : Shoe - throwing reporter After his release on Tuesday he told journalists : " I am free again , but my homeland is still a prison . "
Reuters news agency reported he was slurring his speech because of a missing tooth .
He went on to say he had suffered beatings , whippings , electric shocks and simulated drowning at the hands of officials and guards .
" At the time that Prime Minister Nouri Maliki said on television that he could not sleep without being reassured on my fate ...
I was being tortured in the worst ways , beaten with electric cables and iron bars , " he said .
He demanded an apology from Mr Maliki and said he would name the officials who tortured him in due course .
ANALYSIS Hugh Sykes , BBC News , Baghdad
Many Iraqis regard Muntadar al - Zaidi as a national hero - others think he was unforgivably rude .
After leaving prison , Mr Zaidi went straight to al Baghdadiya , the TV station he was working for at the news conference where he threw the shoes .
Addressing his own news conference , he said he had been tortured in jail .
A spokesman for the ministry of human rights told us that if he was badly treated , it 's likely that it happened while he was in custody before his trial , and not in the prison where he spent the past nine months , as it is a jail with a good reputation .
Shoe thrower welcomed home
He also said he feared US intelligence services regarded him as an " insurgent revolutionary " and would " spare no effort " in a bid to kill him .
" I want to warn all my relatives and people close to me that these services will use all means to trap and try to kill and liquidate me either physically , socially or professionally , " he said .
His allegations of abuse mirror claims made earlier by his family , who said he had been beaten , suffering a broken arm , broken ribs and internal bleeding .
The Iraqi military earlier denied the allegations , but following Zaidi 's news conference Sami Al Askari , an adviser to Mr Maliki , said his torture claims should be investigated .
Zaidi's family has been preparing to throw a party for him .
He has reportedly received offers of money , jobs and even marriage from across the Arab world .
His relatives say he was offered a golden horse by the Emir of Qatar .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
When news of his release filtered through to his family 's home in Baghdad , there was an eruption of celebration , with women dancing and singing .
' Goodbye kiss '
The shoe - throwing incident came during a joint news conference between Mr Bush and Mr Maliki .
As he threw the shoes , Zaidi shouted : " This is a goodbye kiss from the Iraqi people , dog .
" This is from the widows , the orphans and those who were killed in Iraq . "
In an interview afterwards , Mr Bush insisted he did not harbour any ill feeling about it .
" It was amusing - I 've seen a lot of weird things during my presidency , and this may rank up there as one of the weirdest , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Mozilla Firefox is by far the best feature - rich and fastest browser out there , but with the passage of time it slows down considerably .
It will take a lot of time to load during startup , the overall speed will be effected , and browsing Histories will be too slow .
This is very common problem and it occurs largely because of fragmentation of databases .
SpeedyFox is a brand new small utility that fixes this problem with a single click !
It seems unbelievable but after you optimize your Firefox with this tool , you will get a fresh newly - installed feel because the speed indeed gets considerably faster .
You will get up 3 times faster startup speed , browsing history will become faster , and performing operations with cookies will be quicker than before .
How does it work ?
Firefox uses SQLITE databases to store lots of its settings .
By the time the databases grow and Firefox starts working slowly .
SpeedyFox compacts those databases without loosing any data .
How often should I run SpeedyFox ?
Depending on your browsing activity we recommend optimizing your profile once in 1 - 2 weeks .
Tutorial
Once installed , SpeedyFox automatically detects your Firefox ’s default profile .
If you have more than one profile , you can select the one you want to optimize from the drop - down menu .
If you have portable version of Firefox , choose your profile path manually by selecting " Custom ... " profile .
All you have to do is hit the Speed Up Firefox button .
The optimization process can take anywhere from 5 minutes to an hour depending on how large your databases are .
The whole optimization process is safe as it does not effect your history , bookmarks , passwords , etc .
DESPITE living with the second highest prices in the European Union , Irish people still enjoyed the fourth highest real incomes last year , according to a new analysis .
Although only Denmark is more expensive , Ireland 's average national income of € 39,000 per person was enough to make up the difference in terms of purchasing power , behind just Luxembourg , Netherlands and Austria .
However , the recession was eroding Ireland 's position rapidly last year , according to the report , ' Measuring Ireland 's Progress ' , from the Central Statistics Office .
The report demonstrates how Ireland fared in the economic , social and environmental spheres during the course of last year .
As well as showing developments over time , the report benchmarks the situation in Ireland against the other EU member states .
The progress report will be the first since the recession hit .
This time last year the same report , in that case for 2007 , was unsurprisingly more positive .
National income ( GNI ) fell 4 pc during the course of 2008 , from a figure of € 40,600 in 2007 .
Real incomes fell from a peak of 128 pc of the EU average in 2006 to 121.5 pc last year .
The CSO figures indicate again the difficulty in comparing Ireland with other countries .
Irish income last year was 14 pc less than output ( GDP ) because so much GDP comes from foreign firms .
Apart from Luxembourg , the next biggest difference between these two measures is in Greece , where it is just 3.7 pc .
Failure to recognise this difference has led to many mistaken impressions of Ireland 's position in the EU , including levels of income , debt and government spending .
Competitiveness
The report also notes that Ireland 's competitiveness , based on consumer prices , has gradually worsened since euro membership in 1999 .
Consumer prices rose rapidly relative to the rest of the EU from 1998 to 2002 .
But relative prices have remained stable since .
Between 2001 and 2004 the euro rose strongly against the dollar , which is bad for competitiveness , and then rose again over the following two years .
The euro was fairly stable against sterling from its inception until last year , when it rose strongly against the British pound .
This contributed to the loss in the competitive measure last year -- the second worst after 2002 since the launch of the euro .
And Ireland , for so long the leading recipient of foreign direct investment into the EU , recorded the biggest fall in such investment in 2008 .
It was one of only three -- along with Finland and the Netherlands -- to suffer such a fall .
FDI into Ireland fell by 4.5 pc of economic output ( GDP ) compared with a rise of 1.1 pc of GDP in the 16 - nation eurozone .
“ Nothing I ’ve been involved in during my years in politics has ever been as excruciatingly painful as the fight over this bill , ” said Assemblyman Charles D. Lavine , a Long Island Democrat who is among two dozen lawmakers who supported the Markey bill in past years , but hesitated this year .
Mr. Lavine changed his mind after priests and residents in his predominantly Italian - American and Hispanic district , especially older voters , started swamping his office with phone calls last winter , expressing their opposition .
The pressure , which went on for months , led him to consider  for the first time , he said  the “ humongous financial burden and , frankly , the ridicule ” that the Child Victims Act and resulting lawsuits would inflict on the church .
His yes votes in past sessions , he said , were made partly with the knowledge that the Republican majority leader in the Senate , Joseph L. Bruno , a staunch opponent , would never let the bill see daylight in that chamber .
Mr. Bruno stepped down in 2008 .
“ When it was never going to fly anyway , there was a tendency for many of us who are concerned about victims ’ rights to symbolically support legislation like this , ” Mr. Lavine said .
In the same way , the Catholic hierarchy in New York never felt it had to mount a serious campaign against the bill as long as Mr. Bruno held the line , according to lobbyists and legislative aides .
Their effort this year forced longtime backers of the bill , like Mr. Lavine , to weigh the potential consequences of that support against their empathy for abuse victims .
With 76 votes needed for a majority in the 150 - member Assembly , Ms. Markey ’s bill passed with close to 100 votes in past years .
This year , the bill ’s solid support ranged , depending on the day , between 70 and 80 , Ms. Markey ’s aides said .
Lobbyists and advocates on both sides say other factors contributed to the change in climate .
When the Democratic Party leadership in the Senate was toppled on June 8 by the defection of two members to the Republican ranks , wavering supporters lost an incentive to risk the church ’s ire in the crucial final weeks of the Assembly session .
Centurion , 1 March 2003
Sachin Tendulkar has never batted better than in the World Cup of 2003 , and during it never better than for three famous deliveries against Shoaib Akhtar in Centurion .
This was a match Tendulkar said he was compelled to live a year in advance .
Everywhere he went , people reminded him about the 1st of March , the fixture against Pakistan .
Consequently he did not sleep properly for 12 nights leading up .
Facing a handsome target , Tendulkar shed his pent - up anxiety with three strokes in Shoaib 's opening over to jumpstart a classic innings .
The first of them - reaching out ( were he not so pumped up , he would have surely let it pass for a wide ) , at once cutting and tipping , very high over the square third - man boundary - would become an icon , for cricketing merit ; its sheer thrill , and nationalist symbolism , a sort of belated rebuff to the Miandad six .
The second stroke was his lovely trademark - back in the crease and with swirling wrists diverting a reasonable delivery to square leg .
But the third shot - the third shot .
A little trot across to off stump , block , down the ground to the on , four .
No back - lift , no follow - through : none needed .
I have never seen such a concisely expressed cricket stroke .
He simply met the ball and the entire execution began there and finished there .
And by now the crowd , the most vividly alive of the tournament , had gone quite wild .
Visually it was like a cinematic special effect : everything moved in a blur - flags , roars , horns , waves , the ball , Shoaib - and amid it Sachin and his pure stroke appeared magically frozen .
Did you know that the original Punch - Out !! has a 22 - year - old secret ?
Well , apparently it does , and Nintendo is finally ready to share it with gamers .
Makato Wada , who was part of the development team that ported the arcade versions of Punch - Out !! to the NES and SNES , took part in the latest Iwata Asks interview and spoke about the secret .
Wada
This is a great opportunity , so I have something I ’d like to say .
In Punch - Out !! , the game gives you a lot of hints about effective timing of punches .
There is a big boxer called Bald Bull in the NES version as well and a light flashes to the right in the audience when he charges .
If you punch when it flashes you will land a body blow .
Tanabe
What ?
Really ?
Wada
No one has known about that for about 22 years …
Everyone
( laughter )
Wada
I was wondering when I would have a chance to tell people that .
Iwata
You ’ve been holding that information for 22 years since the release .
( laughs )
Wada
Now that I had the chance .
( laughs )
There are a lot of hidden elements in the NES version .
In Take Advantage of Modern Perl at YAPC ::NA 2009 , I mentioned a two - word mantra I keep in mind :
Seek convergence .
I 'm glad to see Devel : : Declare ; it allows clever Perl 5 developers to add specific syntax to Perl 5 in ways that subroutine prototypes do n't permit ( MooseX : : Declare may be my favorite ) and it is safer and more debuggable than source filters .
It 's not just for adding new features .
It allows fixing existing features .
In particular , Ash Berlin 's TryCatch packages up almost all of the tricky little details required to handle exceptions safely and properly in Perl 5 in a syntax that 's clear , concise , and difficult to get wrong .
Those are nice properties for a programming language feature .
CPAN
If you have access to the CPAN , you can use these modules today .
You can mangle and manipulate and modify the syntax of Perl 5 you use on your project to add new features and to reduce the possibility of misusing existing features .
In one sense you can think of a language itself as an API .
Certainly that 's one way to look at Lisp , Scheme , Forth , Tcl , and Smalltalk .
In another sense , languages without the property of homoiconicity -- or languages not built up from a tiny set of primitives which allow you to define your own first - class citizens which appear to interact the same way as the built - in primitives -- make a clear distinction between language and library .
That 's not necessarily a bad thing .
The " DSL 's Everywhere ! " crowd will soon learn ( individually ) that language design is n't easy .
Syntax and semantics and even partial formalisms require thought and experimentation and willingness to make changes and often fanatical attention to detail tempered by well - understood user requirements .
This is a roundabout way of saying that CPAN is not just a place to find libraries for building your own Jabber server or parsing FASTA data or calculating tidal cycles based on the Incan calendar .
Some CPAN distributions help you write and maintain code ( Perl : : Critic , for example ) .
These are tools .
Some CPAN distributions mangle the language itself .
The SUPER module works around a pervasive feature in Perl 5's core method dispatch that often does the wrong thing in circumstances Perl 5's default object system makes easy .
Moose gives
Perl 5 a powerful object system based around a well - defined metaobject protocol .
Want enhances caller ( ) to report many other types of contexts .
Coro adds a new type of control flow .
You know this ; this is not a new insight .
I mention them only to point out that there is a class of CPAN distribution which provides features that might apply to many , many programs .
Their concerns have language scope : better exception handling , workarounds for core misfeatures , replacements for language - level features .
Hold that thought .
Convergence
Two of the most useful community developments I 've seen in Perl 5 -- ever -- are DateTime and the Perl Email Project .
Both began out of frustration of a fragmented , wildly divergent problem area .
Both required a lot of work to standardize on one good way to do things .
Both required strong leadership and time .
Both have produced powerful , usable , easy - to - recommend code .
( Both inflicted some birthing pains .
You can't avoid that . )
A simpilar project exists today .
The Extended Perl Core is an Enlightened Perl initiative intended to identify bundles of CPAN modules which provide features not currently in the Perl 5 core .
These modules should represent the best code CPAN has to offer -- code which , while not perfect for every need , is suitable for at least 80 % of the common cases .
This will be a lot of work .
Not everyone will agree , where multiple alternatives exist .
That 's fine ; that 's healthy .
Your needs are not the same as my needs .
Alternatives will still exist .
Yet we can seek convergence on what 's common and which of myriad alternatives provides the best default to start .
Keep that in mind too .
Core
Consider the cross-cutting concerns of certain CPAN code .
Consider convergence .
Consider the core .
I can't hide one of my desires for Perl 5 : I 'd like to identify some of these language - level concerns distributed on the CPAN and used widely and consider bringing them in to the language itself .
Maybe that 's not the entire feature ; maybe the core does n't need all of Moose 's MOP .
Maybe it can't currently handle all of Coro.
P5NCI is n't nearly stable enough , nor is it obviously the right approach for an equivalent to Python 's wonderful ctypes .
Yet I believe it would be a shame for a language as flexible , as malleable , as pragmatic , and as open to experimentation as Perl 5 to encourage all of this evolution on the CPAN and in the wild without a language designer occasionally identifying pain points and bringing ideas and implementations back into the core language .
I 'm not saying it 's easy .
I 'm not saying it never happens .
I 'm saying that I believe this is a lovely goal for Perl development -- 5 and 6 .
WhiteKnightTwo during a low - level flyover June 20 , 2009 at the Las Cruces International Airport in New Mexico .
LAS CRUCES , New Mexico –
The flying launch pad , WhiteKnightTwo , made three low level flyovers here today at the Las Cruces International Airport – a continuation of celebrations for the groundbreaking of nearby Spaceport America .
WhiteKnightTwo is undergoing an extensive program of test flights , including long duration jaunts from its California home base at Mojave Air and Space Port .
The exotic looking aircraft – seemingly a catamaran of the sky – was en route to the June 19 groundbreaking ceremonies at Spaceport America .
A slight technical difficulty curtailed that plan , with the mega - craft landing in Phoenix .
Today , lifting off from Phoenix , WhiteKnightTwo then winged its way here , cruising overhead in near cloudless skies .
For onlookers gathered on the tarmac at the Las Cruces International Airport – including this reporter – the low level , over the runway flybys were indeed impressive .
The huge mothership of a craft is undergoing an ever - expanding list of test objectives .
WhiteKnightTwo is the launch system for the six passenger / two pilot SpaceShipTwo suborbital rocket plane , an effort backed by Sir Richard Branson 's Virgin Galactic spaceliner company .
According to Virgin Galactic officials here , expect to see the unveiling of SpaceShipTwo this coming December .
That rocketship , like WhiteKnightTwo , is a product of a skilled workforce at Scaled Composites , headquartered at the Mojave Air and Space Port .
Leonard David has been reporting on the space industry for more than four decades .
He is past editor - in - chief of the National Space Society 's Ad Astra and Space World magazines and has written for SPACE.com since 1999 .
A patent is the grant of a property right to an individual or establishment .
It excludes others from using , making , offering for sale , or selling the product in the United States , and importing it into the country .
Patents generally last for twenty years , with mandatory maintenance fees at specific intervals .
If you ’re considering applying for a patent , it ’s essential to find out tips and information on licensable patents and consult experienced patent attorneys .
Types of Patents
According to the United States Patent and Trademark Office ( USPTO ) , there are three basic types of patents .
Utility Patents :
They ’re granted to anyone who discovers or invents any new and useful machine , process , article of manufacture , or any useful and new improvement of such .
Design Patents :
This patent is granted to anyone who invents a new , original , and ornamental design for an article of manufacture .
Plant Patents : anyone who invents or discovers and asexually reproduces any distinct and new variety of plant .
Necessary Elements for Acceptable Patents
For an invention to be patentable , it should be established as new .
This statement means that it must not be described in a printed publication .
Also , it should n’t be in public use , on sale , or otherwise available to the public before the effective filing date .
Hence , there must have been no disclosure of the said invention , such as a presentation at a scientific meeting , a speech or lecture , a trade show demonstration , a radio statement , a YouTube video , or other online material .
Rules to Follow
An invention is unpatentable if it has no sufficient difference compared to existing inventions , products , or designs .
The request will be refused if you ca n’t prove uniqueness and non-obviousness to individuals with the necessary skills in the patent field .
Such differences include changes in size and substitution of one color for another .
You must demonstrate an aesthetic or functional utility , depending on whether you ’re applying for a design or a utility patent .
Provide a comprehensive explanation of the design or invention , with details and specific examples .
Things That Can’t Be Patented
People generally believe that anything can be patented but are n’t aware that there are limitations .
Some things ca n’t be patented for specific reasons like the ability to execute them or questions of morality .
They are discussed below .
1. Software and Business Methods
Innovations that only constitutes a computer program or a rule or method for carrying out business procedures ca n’t be patented .
That ’s because they are n’t technical .
Such business methods include advertising , risk assessment , online services , and computer - based share trading .
Nevertheless , if the invention were to be technical and includes a business method , or is operated by a computer program , it can be patented .
2. Biotechnological Products
Biotechnology benefits the medical , agricultural , and food industries .
Therefore , there ’s a possibility of obtaining patents on genetically modified products .
Still , human cloning methods are deemed unethical and , as a result , ca n’t be patented .
Other non-patentable biotechnological inventions are discovered parts of organisms and plant varieties and animal breeds , which are new species .
3. Medical Methods
Products and devices for practicing medical methods can be patented .
However , the methods themselves can’t .
According to law , a patent must not prevent medical practitioners from curing and preventing illnesses .
Also , because of genetics and other individual peculiarities , the methods could have different effects on different patients .
They are , therefore , not reproducible and ca n’t be patented .
4. Ideas
Patents ca n’t be obtained on mere ideas or suggestions .
Even though there need not be a working prototype , something tangible like a description of a machine is required .
Before a patent can be issued , there must be something that demonstrates the usefulness and functionality of that idea .
Being specific , like providing diagrams , may provide better chances of getting a patent .
5. Laws of Nature
The courts ’ interpretation of the law has defined limits to the field of subject matter that can be patented .
It , therefore , holds that laws of nature and physical phenomena ca n’t be patented .
They include routine , regular activities , even though not previously well - understood .
An example is the law of gravity , as proposed by Isaac Newton or Albert Einstein ’s general relativity theory .
Similar to that is the fact that naturally occurring substances can also not be patented .
6. Mathematical Equations and Formulas
Mathematical formulas and equations perform lots of functions and provide numerous explanations .
Regardless , a mathematical equation or formula ca n’t be patented , even if you discovered it .
That ’s because they appear to be abstract ideas and not inventions .
However , if the equation presents an applicable concept that meets the general patent requirements , then it can be obtained .
According to law , only “ hard math ” is patentable .
7. An Unexpected Patent
Several people ask about the patenting of recipes , and according to law , they have at least three components of a patentable innovation .
Hence , if they meet the qualifications , they can be patented .
For example , there ’s a rave of the ketogenic diet these days , but it ’s tasking for busy people always to prepare their meals .
If a company produces a pre-packed meal containing ingredients in adequate quantities to be unique , it could be patented .
An added advantage will be if this product helps to improve physical performance .
The Spirit of the Skeena Lives on !
What a whirlwind few years for Skeena Swimmer Ali Howard !
She swam the entire Skeena , became a national sensation , starred in the award winning ‘ Awakening the Skeena ’ film and toured throughout Canada and the US sharing her stories and photos from her amazing adventure .
Check out our Events page to see recent and upcoming Spirit of the Skeena events .
For Media : Download photos and video
Media Release
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The seemingly elusive effort to reach a consensus on health care reform got a new boost Wednesday with the long - awaited launch of a plan believed to have the best hope so far of winning support from centrist Democrats and Republicans .
Sen .
Max Baucus revealed a health care reform plan that does not include a public option but mandates coverage .
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus unveiled a summary of the legislation after months of contentious negotiations conducted against the backdrop of often heated town hall forums across the country .
The proposal would cost $ 774 billion over 10 years while reducing the federal deficit by $ 49 billion in that period , according to the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office .
Baucus , a Montana Democrat , put the price tag at $ 856 billion .
Finance Committee aides attributed the different totals to accounting methods rather than any variation in the final overall costs .
The plan would require all Americans to have health insurance , but lacks a government - run public health insurance option favored by most Democrats and President Obama .
The CBO review estimated the proposal would leave 25 million people uninsured by 2019 -- about a third of them illegal immigrants -- compared to 46 million people currently without health coverage .
Watch Baucus unveil health care plan »
Baucus emphasized the plan includes input from both Democrats and Republicans on his committee who have been negotiating for months on the issue .
He called it a pragmatic proposal with a realistic chance of passing the Senate , rather than something favored by one side or the other .
" This package may not represent all of our first choices , " Baucus said .
" This is a good bill .
It is a balanced bill .
It can pass the Senate . "
However , the plan came under immediate criticism from Republicans , including three members of Baucus ' Finance Committee who participated in months of negotiations with him and two other committee Democrats .
Some liberal Democrats also dislike it for dropping the public insurance option .
" How can we give all these consumers to the health insurance industry with no accountability ? " asked House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - California .
Baucus , however , noted the proposal was similar to a framework for health care legislation laid out by Obama during his speech to Congress last week .
On Wednesday , the White House welcomed the plan as a step forward in the health - care debate .
The plan would create health insurance exchanges to make it easier for small groups and individuals to buy insurance .
Instead of the public insurance option to provide competition for private insurers , the proposal calls for the creation of nonprofit health care cooperatives that would negotiate collective insurance coverage for members .
However , the CBO analysis said the cooperatives as proposed were " unlikely to establish a significant market presence in many areas of the country . "
As with Democratic proposals already before Congress , the plan would bar insurance companies from dropping a policyholder in the event of illness if that person had paid his or her premium in full .
It would add new protections for people with pre-existing conditions and establish tax credits to help low - and middle - income families purchase insurance coverage .
The tax credits are aimed mostly at those at or below 300 percent of the federal poverty limit , which would be annual income of roughly $ 66,000 for a family of four .
Insurance companies also would be barred from imposing annual caps or lifetime limits on coverage .
At the same time , Americans would be required to have health coverage , and those failing to comply would face fines of up to $ 950 annually for individuals , and $ 3,800 for families .
Insurers providing the most expensive insurance plans -- or so - called " Cadillac " plans -- would be hit with a tax of 35 percent of the amount that a plan 's cost exceeds thresholds of $ 8,000 for individuals and $ 21,000 for families .
Baucus said the idea was to get the insurance companies -- " those who profited the most " -- to be " part of the solution . "
Watch Sen . Max Baucus talk about his health care reform compromise proposal »
He explained one particular compromise , saying his plan lacks a mandate for employers to provide health coverage for workers , but includes tax credits to encourage small businesses to do so .
In addition , Baucus added language to a previous summary of the proposal to address a range of hot - button issues for conservative opponents of health care reform , including abortion , illegal immigration , and medical malpractice .
According to the summary unveiled Wednesday , the bill would not pre-empt state laws banning or requiring abortion coverage .
Federal tax dollars , as under current law , would not be used to pay for abortions unless a pregnancy results from rape or incest , or if the life of the mother is in danger .
The measure aims to prevent illegal immigrants from using health - care tax credits or accessing insurance exchanges in part by requiring each potential beneficiary to submit a range of personal information that would need to be verified by Social Security Administration data .
Stricter enforcement was a demand voiced by Republican Rep. Joe Wilson of South Carolina , who yelled out " You lie ! " when Obama said in his speech to Congress that his outline would prevent illegal immigrants from getting taxpayer - funded health coverage .
In another nod to conservatives in the Baucus plan , states would be encouraged " to develop and test alternatives to the current civil litigation system " as a way to help reduce skyrocketing malpractice costs .
The Senate Finance Committee is the last of five congressional committees needed to approve health - care proposals before the topic can be taken up by both the full Senate and the full House of Representatives .
Various forms of the legislation proposed by Democrats have already cleared three House committees , as well as the Senate Health , Education , Labor and Pensions Committee .
None of the Republicans in the Finance Committee negotiations -- Sens. Olympia Snowe of Maine , Charles Grassley of Iowa and Mike Enzi of Wyoming -- have backed the Baucus proposal , but all three said they were willing to continue working for a compromise measure .
Baucus said he expected changes to his plan when the Finance Committee debates it next week .
" There will be amendments offered .
I suspect some of them will be very good amendments , " Baucus said , later adding : " There are no real policy deal - breakers .
It 's more getting more comfortable with what all this is . "
Also Wednesday , Obama met privately with several senators to continue his lobbying effort for a health - care agreement , according to senior administration officials .
The president met with Sens. Ron Wyden , D - Oregon , and Bob Bennett , R - Utah , who have opposed Democratic proposals so far , after an earlier talk with with Sen.
Jay Rockefeller , D - West Virginia , a critic of the Baucus proposal , the administration officials said .
Rockefeller , who wants a public insurance option , said he and Obama agreed on the goals of health - care reform .
He called rhetoric over the issue political posturing , and predicted both sides will eventually reach agreement on a bill .
CNN 's Deirdre Walsh , Dana Bash , Ted Barrett and Ed Henry contributed to this report .
All About Max Baucus • Health Care Policy • Health Care Costs
PowerPoint Presentation
Since this presentation includes audio , it takes a long time to load .
The initial error message did not interfere with it loading .
The speaker button on the upper right side requires a mouse click .
Ada , Ada with XML , and Medical Software
Latest version of the ADA DEVELOPERS COOPERATIVE LICENSE
Publications
Abstracts of Ada Papers that can be downloaded :
Abstract :
The purpose of the workshop was to organize the Ada community to take advantage of the opportunity to create Ada applications that are operating systems independent because they are based on a web technology , XML , Extensible Markup Language .
The commercial use of the Internet is the driving force behind XML .
Four elements of XML , which together are sufficient to build a web application , and all employ the same syntax were described .
These are XML ; its schema ; the Extensible Stylesheet Language , XSL ; and the XML mechanism for forms , XForms .
XML concerns the data objects that are included on the web page and their order of presentation .
The schema contains the information on the types and objects for XML .
Schemas are roughly equivalent to an Ada specification without the subprograms .
Fortunately , the programming language that has the best fit with XML is Ada .
XML has visibility and scoping rules , which are similar to Ada .
XML has strong typing and has single inheritance similar to Ada .
A mutually beneficial symbiosis requires the creation of applications in Ada that use and support XML , as well as , the use of XML to create Ada environments including XML based tools .
These applications include : automated translation of Ada data types and objects in a specification to an XML schema ; .
and conversely , automated translation of the data types and elements in an XML Schema to an Ada specification .
Abstract :
The focus of this Workshop , which occurred on October 20 , 1999 , was on extending the use of Ada into the commercial off - the - shelf ( COTS ) domain .
The goal of this Workshop is to determine what should we do to both make Ada the dominant language for COTS and profit by doing so ?
The contents of Sections 2 . Red Hat , Where the Money Went , a Case Summary and 3 .
How to Commercialize Ada and Profit have been updated .
No abstract available
No abstract available
Abstract :
The combination of Ada 's new class - wide programming with tagged types , generics , and representation clauses for both enumerated and record types greatly facilitates low level programming .
A generic board register class was extended to represent the specific hardware and provide high level abstractions for reading and changing the states of the hardware registers .
Subprograms included in this generic board register class include functions and procedures which address these registers by name and employ high - level syntax for bit manipulation .
The use of these objects derived from the register class permits the development of easily understood , maintainable software for computer boards which control and acquire data from devices including scientific and medical instruments .
A software library providing these and other relevant functionalities and an application with a commercial 100 megahertz scaler board for a PC will be described .
No abstract available
Abstract : Two existing Ada tools AdaSAGE and AYACC were combined to produce a system that parses International Society for Analytical Cytology , ISAC , Flow Cytometry Standard 2.0 files and stores the data in AdaSAGE tables .
There are significant differences in the way manufacturers interpret and conform to Flow Cytometry Standard 2.0 .
AdaSAGE is employed to analyze and plot the data from multiple experiments .
This data is used to assess the stability of flow cytometers .
The initial release will be for DOS .
The utilization of AdaSAGE , which is a flexible database tool , will facilitate subsequent development of other products .
The software engineer , whose previous professional experience was with C and C++ , had very few problems with Ada syntax .
The interface to the compiler and other tools was immature compared to those available for C ++.
The DOS text based user interface environment provided by AdaSAGE limited the functionality of the user interface .
However , the present DOS 386 program can be directly ported to the newly released version of AdaSAGE for Microsoft Windows 95 .
Ada 's strong type checking and package structure have significantly facilitated the development of the product .
Abstract : Medical devices now include a substantial software component , which is both difficult and expensive to produce and maintain .
Medical software must be developed according to " Good Manufacturing Practices " , GMP .
Good Manufacturing
Practices as specified by the FDA and ISO require the definition and compliance to a software processes which ensures quality products by specifying a detailed method of software construction .
The software process should be based on accepted standards .
US Department of Defense software standards and technology can both facilitate the development and improve the quality of medical systems .
We describe the advantages of employing Mil - Std-498 , Software Development and Documentation , and the Ada programming language .
Ada provides the very broad range of functionalities , from embedded real - time to management information systems required by many medical devices .
It also includes advanced facilities for object oriented programming and software engineering .
Abstract : Medical device development and manufacture is a large , regulated industry .
Medical devices now include a substantial software component which must be developed according to " good manufacturing practices . "
Good manufacturing practices require the definition and enforcement of software processes which ensure quality products by defining a detailed method of software construction .
Although the technical problems of creating a software process are significant , the political and human problems associated with its implementation are of greater difficulty .
Our experience with organizing the software process including the transfer software technology from the defense industry to medical electronics will be discussed .
Last Thursday , the new Chairman of the National Endowment for the Humanities James A. Leach gave an address at the University of Virginia with the catchy title , “ Is There an Inalienable Right to Curiosity ? ”
Taking his cue from Thomas Jefferson ’s “ trinity of inalienable rights : ‘ life , liberty and the pursuit of happiness , ’ ” Leach reasoned that even though Jefferson never wrote about curiosity , “ a right to be curious would have been a natural reflection of his own personality . ”
He was , after all , the “ living embodiment of an inquisitive mind ” and was reputed to have known “ all the science that was known at the time . ”
Surely he would have prized curiosity , especially since it is the quality “ oppressive states fear . ”
Given that “ the cornerstone of democracy is access to knowledge , ” it is not too much to say , Leach concluded , that “ the curious pursuing their curiosity may be mankind ’s greatest if not only hope . ”
This sounds right , even patriotic , but there is another tradition in which , far from being the guarantor of a better future , curiosity is a vice and even a sin .
Indeed , it has often been considered the original sin .
When God told Adam he could eat of all the fruits of the Garden of Eden , but not of the fruit of the knowledge of good and evil , he placed what has been called a “ provoking object ” in Adam ’s eyes .
The provocation was to go beyond the boundaries God had established and thereby set himself up a rival deity , a being with no limits on what he can conceive , a being whose intellect could , in time , comprehend anything and everything .
Such a being would imagine himself , God -like , standing to the side of the universe and , armed only with the power of his mind , mastering its intricacies .
Those who engage in this fantasy , says Thomas Aquinas , think “ they are doing something great , if with surpassing curiosity and keenness they explore the whole mass of this body which we call the world ; so great a pride is thus begotten , that one would think they dwelt in the very heavens about which they argue . ”
Another churchman , Lorenzo Scupoli , put it this way in 1589 : “ They make an idol of their own understanding ” ( “ Knowledge puffeth up , ” I Corinthians 8:1 ) .
Pascal said it succinctly : “ Curiosity is only vanity . ” Jonathan Robinson , writing in this century , makes the same point : “ What we are talking about is the desire to satisfy our curiosity on any and every conceivable subject that takes our fancy ” ( “ Spiritual Combat Revisited ” ) .
Give this indictment of men in love with their own capacities a positive twist and it becomes a description of the scientific project , which includes among its many achievements space travel , a split atom , cloning and the information revolution .
It is a project that celebrates the expansion of knowledge ’s boundaries as an undoubted good , and it is a project that Chairman Leach salutes when he proudly lists the joint efforts by the University of Virginia and the N.E.H. to digitalize just about everything .
“ The computer revolution , ” he announces , “ holds out the prospect that the digital library could be become an international citadel for the pursuit of curiosity . ”
That ’s exactly what Paul Griffiths , professor of divinity at Duke University , is afraid of .
Where Leach welcomes the enlargement of curiosity ’s empire , Griffiths , who is writing a book on the vice of curiosity , sees it as a sign of moral and spiritual danger : “ Late modern societies that are fundamentally shaped by the overwhelming presence of electronic media and the obscene inundation of every aspect of human life by pictures and sounds have turned the vice of curiosity into a prescribed way of life ” ( “ Reason and the Reasons of Faith ” ) .
The prescriptions come in the form of familiar injunctions : follow the inquiry as far as it goes , leave no stone unturned , there is always more to know , the more information the better .
“ In a world where curiosity rules , ” Griffiths declares , “ unmasking curiosity as a destructive and offensive device . . . amounts to nothing less than a . . . radical critique of superficiality and constant distraction . ”
Griffiths builds on the religious tradition in which curiosity is condemned because it distracts men from the study and worship of God , shackling them , says Augustine , “ to an inferior love . ”
But curiosity can also distract men from secular obligations by so occupying their minds that there is no room left for other considerations .
These men ( and women ) fail to register the pain of animals subjected to experiments in the name of knowledge , pay no heed to the social consequences of their investigations , and take no heed of the warnings issued in Marlowe ’s “ Dr. Faustus , ” Mary Shelley ’s “ Frankenstein , ” H.G. Wells ’
“ The Island of Dr. Moreau ” and Robert Louis Stevenson ’s “ Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde ” ( not to mention the myth of Pandora and the Incredible Hulk ) .
They are obsessive and obsessed and exhibit , says John Henry Newman , something akin to a mental disorder .
“ In such persons reason acts almost as feebly and as impotently as in the madman : once fairly started on a subject , they have no power of self - control ” ( “ The Idea of a University ” ) .
They have no power of self - control because they have no allegiance — to a deity , to human flourishing , to community — that might serve as a check on their insatiable curiosity .
( Curiosity is inherently insatiable ; its satisfactions are only momentary ; there is always another horizon . )
In short , curiosity — sometimes called research , sometimes called unfettered inquiry , sometimes called progress , sometimes called academic freedom — is their God .
The question , posed by thinkers from Aquinas to Augustine to Newman to Griffiths , is whether this is the God — the God , ultimately , of self — we want to worship .
Given the evidence , including Chairman Leach ’s address , the answer would seem to be yes .
Giant Bomb
User of the Minute skrutop posted this video of Guitar Hero 5 on the boards this morning .
It 's a bunch of footage of Virtual Kurt Cobain doing a bunch of stuff that Real Kurt Cobain would have probably needed two shotguns to cope with .
On one level , this is kind of hilarious , and it 's definitely a testament to the graphical quality of Guitar Hero 5 that seeing V - Cobain sing a Bon Jovi song , or seeing him make rap poses while mouthing Flavor Flav 's words seems so absolutely wrong on so many different levels .
I suppose a lot of this has to do with me being " of a certain age , " such that I distinctly remember the whens and wheres of Cobain 's suicide .
While I never worshipped the dude like some of my peers did , you could certainly elevate him to some kind of " voice of a generation " status .
And it 's the near - mythic legacy he left behind and the way the Nirvana catalog has been protected from commercial interests over the years that makes this stuff so harsh .
Blame Courtney Love , I suppose , for not continuing to protect that legacy .
His appearance in the game seems fine , but perhaps the business deal should have prevented Neversoft from using that model in anything other than Nirvana 's tracks ?
Or , in lieu of the license holders not caring enough about Cobain 's likeness to place meaningful restrictions on its use , maybe the developers should have shown a little restraint ?
I wonder if there was even any discussion on this topic during the game 's development ... I do n't know .
Like I said , it does n't really bother me , and I 'm certainly notor anything , but it definitely struck me as completely crazy .
Way crazier than all the other dead musicians who have appeared ( or will be appearing ) in music games .
Three Kurt Cobains with invisible instruments , performing a Megadeth song !
What ?
Too soon ?
Uhmzzz ...
You go first Bob
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Tragedy strikes the Ramon family again from the air .
Lieutenant Asaf Ramon , son of Israeli astronaut Ilan Ramon , was killed Sunday when the F - 16 fighter jet he was flying crashed over South Mount Hebron during a routine training exercise .
Rescue forces found the remains of the fighter jet and Ramon 's body in the surrounding area .
Following his death , the Israel Defense Forces decided to promote Asaf to the rank of captain .
Asaf Ramon will be laid to rest at 4 pm Monday at the Nahalal cemetery , next to his father .
At 4:30 pm , Rona Ramon received the news she feared most .
Her eldest son , Asaf , who recently completed the IAF 's pilots ' course , was killed in a training accident Sunday afternoon .
Her son's dream to be a pilot like his late father , Ilan Ramon , the first Israeli astronaut , was cut short in circumstances horrifically similar to his father 's death .
Six years after his father 's death when his space shuttle crashed as it returned to earth , Asaf Ramon met a similar fate .
Israeli Air Force Commander Ido Nehushtan and IDF Personnel Directorate Chief Brigadier - General Avi Zamir delivered the sad news to Rona Ramon .
Accompanying them was former IAF Commander Eliezer Shkedy .
IDF Chief of Staff Gabi Ashkenazi and former Chief of Staff Dan Halutz arrived at the house as well .
In the past hours , friends and family have flooded the family 's home to offer comfort to the mourners .
Classmates of Yiftach , Asaf 's younger brother , gathered in a square next to the family 's home .
Their teacher reported that they are sitting and crying together in the square as they share memories of Asaf .
Asaf Ramon ( R ) with President Shimon Peres ( Photo : Haim Horenstein )
Asaf Ramon left for a training flight with the fighter jet from Navatim Air Force Base in the afternoon hours .
Around 14:00 reports of an aircraft " diving " to the ground near the town Pnei Hever south of Mount Hebron were received .
Civilians reported that they heard an explosion and saw a mushroom cloud of smoke .
The IAF looked into the reports .
It quickly became clear that the F - 16 that left for a training flight from Navatim Air Force Base went missing and that all communications with the aircraft were lost .
Within a short time , the magnitude of the disaster became clear – the " Hawk " fighter jet crashed and the pilot was killed .
' Reports of something falling from the air '
Rescue and security forces had difficulty reaching the site of the crash because it occurred in a wadi with limited access ways .
Ariel , a resident of Kirya Arba who arrived at the scene of the crash , told Ynet , " Many ambulances and military vehicles arrived .
Nearly nothing was left of the plane . "
One of the rescue workers on the scene said , " We received reports from civilians on something falling from the sky .
It was unclear whether it was a helicopter or a plane , something identified .
We went to the site in cooperation with the military and the air force .
We combed the scene of the crash together with the military medical team . "
Scene of the crash .
' The ground shook ' ( Photo : Dudi Vaaknin )
Girls doing national service in the Maale Hever Seminary saw the mushroom cloud of smoke that resulted from the crash .
" We were in the synagogue rehearsing for a play when we suddenly heard a large explosion .
The ground shook .
We looked out the window and saw a mushroom cloud of smoke .
The entire caravan shook and after a few minutes there were many helicopters in the sky . "
Rescue and security forces searched the area for about an hour , covering a radius of about a kilometer ( 0.6 miles ) .
" We found remains .
There were many pieces of metal on the scene .
Unfortunately , there already was n't anything to do on the scene , " said the rescue worker .
The IDF declared the scene of the crash a closed military zone .
IAF helicopters flew above and military jeeps searched the area in an attempt to locate remains and additional plane parts .
Survived a crash in pilots ' course
The plane Asaf Ramon was flying was the most veteran model of the F - 16 , used by the IAF since 1978 , and is considered to be of reliable and high quality .
The plane left the " Golden Eagle " Squadron for a basic , routine training flight typical for pilots at the beginning of their operational training once they have finished pilots ' course .
The IAF is investigating the circumstances of the accident .
It still remains unclear whether it was caused by a technical malfunction or by human error .
The IAF is also investigating why the pilot was unable to use the ejection seat to escape from the plane before it crashed .
IAF Commander Ido Nehushtan appointed a commission of inquiry headed by a colonel to investigate the circumstances leading to the crash .
In addition , according to formal protocol , all planes of this model will be grounded for the next 24 hours until technical malfunction is ruled out as a contributing factor .
Chief of Staff Gabi Ashkenazi also arrived at the scene of the crash .
Some six months ago , Asaf Ramon survived a crash in pilots ' course caused by a rare and unusual malfunction of the plane he was flying .
During one of the practice flights on a single - engine Skyhawk plane , the engine died .
The instructor explained to Ramon how to manage the malfunction .
Asaf acted according to the instructions he received and successfully landed the plane at Hatzerim Air Force Base .
Asaf 's father , Ilan Ramon , also completed the pilots ' course with honors some 35 years ago .
He achieved the rank of colonel and was chosen by NASA to become the first Israeli to fly into space .
Ilan Ramon managed to make history , but the Colombia space shuttle he was in crashed as it returned to earth in 2003 .
Asaf was 15 when he lost his father .
Even then , he announced his desire to follow in his path and become a pilot .
Making the trip to the Gibson Amphitheatre , Hayden Panettiere was all smiles at the 2009 Teen Choice Awards on Sunday evening ( August 9 ) .
The “ Heroes ” hottie looked gorgeous , per the usual , posing for pictures on the red carpet upon arrival .
Once inside , Miss Panettiere mingled with her fellow young stars , greeting “ High School Musical ” hotties Zac Efron and Vanessa Hudgens before taking ehr seat .
The 2009 Teen Choice Awards can be seen in its entirety tomorrow night ( August 10 ) at 8 PM ET on FOX .
— An employee at The HoneyBaked Ham Co. store in Cary who was shot while on the job is now without a job .
Richard Huether was closing the store in Crossroads Plaza in April when , police say , a gunman approached him , attempted to rob him and shot him .
An employee for three years and general manager for 16 months , the husband and father was shot in the stomach – about four inches from his heart .
Several surgeries later , he 's still unable to go back to work .
Doctors tell him that the earliest he could return to work would be in December .
Huether has been on worker 's compensation since April .
When the benefits expired , he received an official notice that HoneyBaked Ham terminated his employment and canceled health benefits for him and his family .
Out - of - pocket , he said , those benefits would cost about $ 1,200 a month .
Huether said the company promised in e-mails to keep him and his family " whole financially . "
For him , that meant keeping his pay and medical benefits intact .
" I mean do n't try to say you 're this warm , fuzzy family company with family traditions and all this other stuff , " Huether said .
" The facts are not matching what 's been said to me . "
Maggie DeCan , vice president of human resources , said the decision to terminate his employment had to do with following workers ' compensation rules and that his release could make him eligible for Social Security disability benefits .
" We are a value - serving company , " DeCan said in a statement .
" We do the right thing and serve others .
We could n't feel any worse for Rich , and we would do anything we could for him . "
The company , she also said , has n't ruled out rehiring Huether once he is able to work again .
Executives also plan to revisit the case next week to see if there is anything further the company can do .
DeCan said the company had been willing to help Huether with the process of Social Security disability benefits but was advised not to after Huether hired an attorney .
Meanwhile , authorities still have not charged anyone in the attempted robbery .
Police said the suspect seen running from the area was described as a white man between 16 to 25 years old and was wearing a gray hooded jacket , a white and green ski hat , blue jeans and multi-colored shoes .
Anyone with information about the shooting is asked to call the Cary Police Department at 919-469-4016 or Crime Stoppers at 919-226-2745 .
This is a translation of my article 抓取網頁的最佳語言 : Python written in chinese
At first
At first , I used C/ C++ to write programs for grabbing data from websites .
I tried to write a library for these tasks , but I realized that it ’s not easy to implement a HTTP client library .
Then , I used cUrl library for downloading pages , but even with cUrl , it ’s not productive .
I had to to modify program frequently , the compiling time is costly .
There was also no regular expression for C/ C ++.
I also had to deal with many annoying details like memory management , string handling .
Then
After that , I was wondering , C / C++ is not a nice choice to grab data from websites .
Why do I have to handle so many details ?
Why do n’t I just use script language or other language ?
At first I was worrying about the performance , and then I realized that the performance of language is not the bottleneck .
What ’s more ?
I can get much more benefits if I use script language , it is easier to develop and debug .
So I decided to find another solution for grabbing data from websites .
How about Perl ?
Long time ago , I used Perl to write CGI programs , like guest - book , website managing system and so on .
That said , Perl is a “ write - once ” language .
Lots of Perl programs are full filled with short syntax and symbols .
It is really difficult to read .
And it is not easy to modularize Perl programs .
It does n’t support OO well .
And there is no more new version of Perl .
Even the new Perl is under construction , but it takes too long time , I still think it is almost dead .
For these reasons and personal feeling , I do n’t like Perl .
PHP
As a popular programming language designed for websites , I do n’t think it is suitable to use in other situations .
And although it is popular , it is really a bad designed language .
It is also not an easy job to modularize PHP programs , it does n’t support OO well , too .
The name - space is also a big problem , there are so many function looks like mysql_xxxx , mysql_oooo .
But even such a bad language got its advantage .
That is : popular , popular and popular .
Some one said that :
PHP is the BASIC of the 21st century
Well , what ever , PHP is out .
Lua
Lua is a light weight script language , almost everything about design of Lua is for performance .
I wanted to warp C/C++ library for Lua , but there is also lots of weakness of Lua .
It is not easy to modularize , too .
And almost everything in Lua is designed for performance , its syntax is not so friendly .
What ’s more , there are little resources for Lua , I might have to build everything I need .
So Lua is not on the list .
Java
Java is a language grows with Internet , it is absolutely qualified .
But , I do n’t like it because it is too verbose .
And what ’s more , it is too fat !
I want to throw my laptop that has only 256MB RAM out the window when I am running Eclipse on it .
I ’m sorry , I do n’t like Java .
The guy I mentioned in PHP , also said that :
Java is the COBOL of the 21st century
Python
Finally , I postdd questions on PTT , then one recommend Python .
Well , Python ?
WTF ?
I have never heard that before .
And I searched it and ask some questions .
Then I found that it is exactly what I want !
It can be extended easily .
If I need performance , I can write module in C for Python .
And there are so many resources to use .
You can find almost any Python libraries that you can imagine .
Also , those libraries are easy to install , you can type “ easy_install ” to install almost everything you want .
Most of script languages are not suitable for big program , but Python is not the one among them , it is easy to modularize , and it supports OO well .
What else , it is really easy to read and write .
There are also lots of big guy use Python , like Google , YouTube and so on .
When I decide to learn Python , I buy a Learning Python and start my journey with Python .
Fall in love with Python
It did’t let me feel disappointed .
It is very productive to develop with Python .
I wrote almost everything that I did in C / C++ before .
But for grabbing data from websites , there is still lots of work to do .
Twisted
It is really a piece of cake for Python to get a web page .
There are standard modules , urllib and urllib2 .
But they are not good enough .
Then , I find Twisted .
Twisted is an event - driven networking engine written in Python and licensed under the MIT license .
It is very powerful .
It has beautiful callback design for handling async operations named deferred .
You can write one line to grab a page :
getPage ( " http://www.google.com " ).addCallback ( printPage )
You can also use its deferred to handle data
d = getPage ( " http://www.google.com " ) d.addCallback(parseHtml ) d.addCallback(extractData ) d.addCallback(saveResult )
What ’s more , I wrote an auto - retry function for twisted to retry any async function automatically , you can read An auto - retry recipe for Twisted .
Beautifulsoup
It is not a difficult job to get page from a website .
Parsing html is a much more difficult job .
There are standard modules of Python , but they are too simple .
The biggest trouble of parsing html is : there are so many websites do n’t follow the standard of html or xhtml .
You can see lots of syntax error in those pages .
It makes parsing become a difficult job .
So I need an html parser that can deal wrong html syntax well .
Then , here comes BeautifulSoup , it is an html parser written in Python , it can handle wrong html syntax well .
But there is a problem , it is not efficient .
For example , you want to find a specific tag , then you write :
soup.find ( ' div ' , dict ( id= ' content ' ) )
It is okay when you do this in a small page .
But it is a big problem if you do that in a big page , its tag finding method is very very slow .
At first , I expect the bottleneck will be on network , but with beautifulsoup , the bottleneck is on parsing and finding tags .
You can notice that when you run your spider , the CPU usage rate is 100 % all the time .
I run profile for my program , most of the time of running are in soup. find .
For performance reason , I have to find another solution .
lxml
Then , I find a nice article : Python HTML Parser Performance , it shows comparison of performance of different Python html parsers .
The most impressive one is lxml .
At first , I am worrying about that is it difficult to find target tags with lxml .
And I notice that it provides xpath !
It is much easier to write xpath then find methods of beautifulsoup .
And it is also much more efficient to use lxml to parse and find target tags .
Here are some real life example I wrote :
def getNextPageLink ( self , tree ) : " " " Get next page link @param tree : tree to get link @return : Return url of next page , if there is no next page , return None " " " paging = tree.xpath ( "//span[@class='paging ' ] " ) if paging : links = paging [ 0 ] .xpath ( " ./a[ ( text ( ) , ' %s ' ) ] " % self.localText [ ' next ' ] ) if links : return str( links [ 0 ] . get ( ' href ' ) ) return None
listPrice = tree.xpath( "//*[@class='priceBlockLabel']/following-sibling ::* " ) if list Price : detail [' listPrice ' ] = self.stripMoney(listPrice[0 ]. text )
With beautifulsoup , I have to write logic in Python to find target tags .
With lxml , I write almost all logic in xpath , it is much easier to write .
Useful FireFox tool
With xpath , it is not a difficult job to find target tags .
But it would be wonderful if you can try xpath on websites , right ?
I find there are some plugins of FireFox are very useful for writing spiders .
Here are some useful tools for analysis :
Example
I wrote an example to show how it looks like .
# -*- coding : utf8 -*- import cStringIO as StringIO from twisted .
internet import reactor from twisted .
web.client import getPage from twisted .
python.util import println from lxml import etree def parseHtml ( html ) : parser = etree.HTMLParser(encoding='utf8 ' ) tree = etree.parse ( StringIO.StringIO( html ) , parser ) return tree def extractTitle ( tree ) : titleText = unicode ( tree.xpath ( "//title/text ( ) " ) [ 0 ] ) return titleText d = getPage ( ' http://www.google.com') d.addCallback(parseHtml ) d.addCallback(extraTitle ) d.addBoth( println ) reactor.run ( )
This is a very simple program , it grabs title of google.com and prints it out .
Very elegance , is n’t it ? 😀
Conclusion
One year has been passed since I wrote this article in Chinese .
Today , I still use Python +
Twited + lxml for grabbing data from websites .
You might not agree what I said , but they are best tool to write spider ( crawler or whatever ) for me .
Home Parallel Performance Tuning for Haskell Parallel Performance Tuning for Haskell .
Don Jones Jr. , Simon Marlow , and Satnam Singh .
Parallel Haskell programming has entered the mainstream with support now included in GHC for multiple parallel programming models , along with multicore execution support in the runtime .
However , tuning programs for parallelism is still something of a black art .
Without much in the way of feedback provided by the runtime system , it is a matter of trial and error combined with experience to achieve good parallel speedups .
This paper describes an early prototype of a parallel profiling system for multicore programming with GHC .
The system comprises three parts : fast event tracing in the runtime , a Haskell library for reading the resulting trace files , and a number of tools built on this library for presenting the information to the programmer .
We focus on one tool in particular , a graphical timeline browser called ThreadScope .
The paper illustrates the use of ThreadScope through a number of case studies , and describes some useful methodologies for parallelizing Haskell programs .
Comment viewing options
Flat list - collapsed Flat list - expanded Threaded list - collapsed Threaded list - expanded Date - newest first Date - oldest first Select your preferred way to display the comments and click " Save settings " to activate your changes .
Your browser does not support the audio element .
THE BLOOD OF JESUS CLEANSES YOU FROM ALL SIN AND GUILT ( 1 JOHN 1:7 ) .
JESUS IS THE DELIVERER !!
DEMONBUSTER.COM
DELIVERANCE MANUAL
OUR MAIN PAGE IS AT http://www.demonbuster.com
NO DEMONS ALLOWED
PAISLEY PRINT
Welcome mempool , myspace , youtube , and any other link that brought you here .
Check out the rest of our site too .
Any town by the name of PAISLEY is not a demon or demonic .
This article is talking about the PAISLEY PATTERN .
Paisley print is something you see on ties , shirts , blouses , dresses , curtains , rugs , furniture , etc .
If you wear it or have it , you may be carrying around and attracting some demons , which could be the cause of some of your " problems " .
The following information comes from the Encyclopedia Britannica , 1960 and 1977 editions .
PAISLEY , large burgh , industrial centre , and county town ( seat ) of Renfrew , Scotland , situated on the River Whate Cart , a tributary of the Clyde .
St. Mirren , an Irish monk , is known to have built a church there in the 6th century , but PAISLEY eventually developed as a small village clustered around a Cluniac abbey founded in 1163 .
The original abbey was burned down in 1307 , and the present building dates from the 15th century .
The nave ( restored 1933 ) is still used as a parish church .
Parts of the abbey buildings were also incorporated in the 17th - century palace of PAISLEY , which is now restored as a 20th - century war memorial .
By the early 18th century , PAISLEY had developed into a manufacturing centre for the hand - loom weaving of linen .
At the end of the 18th century the new town was laid out over much of the ground that once belonged to the abbey .
During the early 19th century , PAISLEY became famous for its PAISLEY Shawls , copies in silk and cotton of the ASIAN shawls sent back by Scottish soldiers serving in INDIA .
PAISLEY , textile pattern owing its name to the manufacture at the town of PAISLEY , Renfrewshire , of PAISLEY shawls .
1800 , patterned shawls made from the soft fleece of the Kashmir GOAT began to be imported to Britain from INDIA , machine - woven wool equivalents were made at PAISLEY to supply the insatiable demand that had been created for " cashmere " shawls .
The rich , abstract , curvilinear patterns , modified from their Kashmir counterparts and deriving ultimately from MUGHAL ART , have continued to be widely adopted in modern textiles , especially for clothing .
A motif resembling an ENLARGED COMMA ( well - known in MUGHAL decorative art ) is the one by which most people recognize a PAISLEY pattern .
MUGHAL ( mogul ) - Mughal empire of INDIA - - Mughal carpets - prayer rugs .
From 1580 onward JESUIT missionaries introduced western techniques to the Mughals .
COMMA - In music , the PYTHAGOREAN COMMA .
PYTHAGOREAN - A disciple of PYTHAGORAS .
PYTHAGORAS - 5th century B.C. - A noted Greek Sculptor born in Samos , settled in Italy .
He became the centre of a widespread organization which was , in its origin , a RELIGIOUS brotherhood or an association for the moral reformation of society rather than a philosophical school .
The brotherhood had much in common with the Orphic communities which sought by rites and abstinences to purify the believer 's soul and enable it to escape from the " wheel of birth " .
He believed in the transmigration of the individual soul from one body to another , even of a different species .
But if a man led a pure life , his soul might be released from all flesh .
It is possible that this held good only for the exceptional man , a SEER such as Pythagoras .
But the view of the body as the tomb or prison of every soul , with philosophy as the meditation of death and release from the body , seems to be attributed to a Phthagorean .
Pythagorean practices and doctrines , particularly that of immortality , is attested in Rome from the 1st century B.C.
But it was also a kind of CULT , was noted as a MAGICIAN and as the father of the CABBALA ( an occult religious philosophy developed by certain Jewish Rabbis , based on a MYSTICAL interpretation of the Scriptures - occultism ; mystical or secret doctrine ) .
Pythagorean letter ; the letter Y , so called because Pythagoras employed it to signify the bifurcation of the good and evil ways of men .
In DELIVERANCE , you should stay away from many things because of the ORIGIN .
In the PAISLEY PRINT PATTERN , you have a connection with
CATHOLICS
THE COUNTRY OF INDIA ( WITH ALL THEIR GODS )
GOAT HAIR ( GOAT IS THE SYMBOL FOR THE DEVIL )
PRAYER RUGS
JESUITS
CULTS
SEERS
MAGICIANS
OCCULT
Looking at the rest of our website , you will find out why you should get rid of anything that could be bringing in more demons into your home and your life .
JESUS IS THE DELIVERER
DON'T STOP HERE !
SEE OUR INDEX FOR MORE ARTICLES .
THERE IS NO HATE , MALICE , RACISM , ETC .
ON THIS SITE .
THESE ARE SINS IN THE EYES OF GOD , AND ARE ALSO DEMONS .
THE BIBLE MAKES IT CLEAR THAT SIN CANNOT GET INTO HEAVEN .
Some couples do a superb job of pairing up and dressing in a themed attire .
Some couples just ca n’t seem to pull it off right .
I wo n’t be a hater because I love both bad and good , so I ’ll let you folks decide for yourselves which costumes are terrible !
We carry a large selection of couples costumes for Halloween , some goodies and some that are so bad you ’ll love to wear them .
I wo n’t go and list our merchandise but rather head out into the “ real world ” , and provide you with pictures of people who got out there and did it …no one deserves the credit more .
I ’m all for you folks to submit pictures in the comments and I ’ll be sure to add them in , if not you can send me your pictures through our Twitter .
MRSA highlights the problem of antibiotic resistance US scientists have uncovered a defence mechanism in bacteria that allows them to fend off the threat of antibiotics .
It is hoped the findings could help researchers boost the effectiveness of existing treatments .
The study published in Science found that nitric oxide produced by the bacteria eliminates some key effects of a wide range of antibiotics .
One UK expert said inhibiting nitric oxide synthesis could be an important advance for tackling tricky infections .
Antibiotic resistance , for example with MRSA , is a growing problem and experts have long warned of the need to develop new treatments .
Here , we have a short cut , where we do n't have to invent new antibiotics
Dr Evgeny Nudler , study leader
The latest research , done by a team at New York University , showed that in bacteria the production of nitric oxide - a small molecule made up of one nitrogen and one oxygen atom - increased their resistance to antibiotics .
They found the enzymes responsible for producing nitric oxide were activated specifically in response to the presence of the antibiotics .
They also showed that nitric oxide alleviates damage caused by the drugs as well as helping to neutralise many of the toxic compounds within the antibiotic .
The researchers then showed that eliminating nitric oxide production in the bacteria allowed the antibiotics to work at lower , less toxic doses .
More effective Study leader , Dr Evgeny Nudler , said developing new medicines to fight antibiotic resistance , such as that seen with MRSA is a " huge hurdle " .
" Here , we have a short cut , where we do n't have to invent new antibiotics .
" Instead we can enhance the activity of well - established ones , making them more effective at lower doses .
Dr Matthew Dryden , consultant in microbiology and communicable disease at Royal Hampshire County Hospital and general secretary of the British Society for Antimicrobial Chemotherapy , said if the enzyme which creates nitric oxide could be inhibited , it could suppress the ability of the bacteria to counteract antibiotics .
" This would be a useful therapeutic advance , especially as we are running out of new classes of antibiotics and there is less antibiotic development in general . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A massive 51,000 - plant pot garden in the Cleveland National Forest is one of the largest illegal - growth operations ever found in San Diego County , according to sheriff 's deputies .
The plants covered the size of a football field and could produce 25 to 50 tons of marijuana , with a potential street value of $ 300 million , U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration Agent Amy Roderick said .
A deputy spotted the field late last week in the remote mountain area south of Paso Picacho campground in Cuyamaca Rancho State Park .
The final plants were removed Thursday .
Most of the pot will be destroyed with a portion kept as evidence .
There have been no arrests .
Some of you may not know the name Deborah Ann Woll , but that ’s because you are n’t paying close attention to the cast list of your latest “ True Blood ” episode .
If you do n’t watch “ True Blood , ” first off , shame on you .
Secondly , you ’ll have a better chance at knowing who Deborah
Ann is next year , because the actress has signed on star in the remake of Troma ’s ‘ Mother ’s Day . ’
The remake of the film , to be directed by ‘ Saw II - IV ’ and ‘ Repo ! ’ director Darren Lynn Bousman , will tell a slightly different story than the original .
This time , instead of three girlfriends stumbling on the house of the maniacs , the maniacs are coming to civilization .
They return to the house where they grew up and begin terrorizing the family who lives there now .
Woll will be playing the part of a fourth family member , a daughter , in the expanded family .
Looks like Mother ’s been a little busy since the original .
Woll is best known for playing Jessica Hamby , the young girl who the lead vampire , Bill , was forced to turn near the end of season one .
The plan is to release ‘ Mother ’s Day ’ just in time for Mother ’s Day 2010 , and filming is scheduled to begin this coming Fall .
Source : The Hollywood Reporter
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Serving a 36 - year - old government - issue cake at an Army retirement ceremony sounds like a classic bureaucratic mistake , but there was no mistake about it .
Retiring Army Col. Henry Moak uses a vintage P - 38 to break the seal on government cake saved since 1973 .
Retiring Army Col. Henry Moak served it up himself -- at his own ceremony .
Moak had saved the cake since 1973 , when he got it while serving in Vietnam , and had long - standing plans to open it upon his retirement .
Pound cake served in a can was standard fare in military C rations back then .
Moak said it was his favorite , and he could not get enough of it .
" I would eat it any chance I could get , but not all of the meals came with pound cake , " he said before opening it .
In front of friends and family who attended his retirement ceremony Friday at the Pentagon , Moak eagerly opened the can .
Answering the question of whether the anticipation was the same now as back then , Moak said , " Yes , even more ! "
" I wo n't eat it if it 's black and moldy , " he told onlookers .
" You can hear the pop of the air coming out , " he said referring to the vacuum seal on the can .
To most people 's surprise , the opened can revealed a still - edible yellow cake .
The ceremonial sword used to cut Moak 's real retirement cake was also used to dig into the can and cut out the cake .
Moak took a bite and put up his thumb , " It 's good , it 's still kind of moist , " he declared .
Mobilize 09 Android has won another convert .
The boutique mobile handset manufacturer INQ announced that it's now developing on Android , Google 's open source mobile stack .
INQ chief executive Frank Meehan said his mystery Googlephones would " definitely " arrive sometime in 2010 , but at this point , the devices seem to consist of little more than , well , an announcement at a tech conference .
" We want developers to know that if they have cool ideas for integrating applications into phones , they should come to us , " Meehan told The Reg .
INQ is the outfit behind the so - called Facebook Phone , the INQ1 , designed to tightly integrate with the Zuckerbergian social networking site and other web services , including Skype and Windows Live Messenger .
And last month , the outfit introduced a pair of inevitable Twitter Phones : the INQ Chat 3G and the Mini 3G .
All are ultra low - cost , Brew - based devices .
To date , Meehan says , the company has sold about 700,000 of these " feature phones . "
But with Android , INQ ends to enter the high - end market .
It was an Android - happy day at Mobilize 09 .
This morning , Motorola unveiled its long - awaited Android phone , the Motorola Cliq , a device that takes a page or two from the social networking - obsessed INQ .
Motorola 's custom - built Motoblur interface is also meant for the Tweetbook set . ®
Kevin in Bentonville , Arkansas , wrote in to ask this question : " Why do you hear the ocean when you put a seashell up to your ear ? " 
All right , first things first : no matter how much it may sound like the rolling waves , it 's not actually the ocean you 're hearing in a shell .
Now that we 've got that out of the way , what exactly is it that you 're hearing ?
In a word , noise ; the ambient noise that 's being produced all around and inside you , which you normally do n't hear or pay attention to because it 's too quiet .
To amplify this noise so you can hear it clearly , you need a resonator .
Want to make one on the cheap ?
Form an O shape with your mouth and flick your finger against your throat or cheek .
You should hear a note .
Make a smaller or larger O , or change the shape of your mouth , and you 'll get different notes .
Sort of like this .
What you 're doing here is letting your mouth fulfill its potential as a Helmholtz resonator , where sound is produced by air vibrating in a cavity with one opening .
Different pitches can be coaxed out by changing the shape of the resonating cavity .
The seashell you 're listening to — the inside of which has many hard , curved surfaces great for reflecting sound — is essentially doing the same thing you just did with your mouth .
The ambient noise mentioned before — the air moving past and within the shell , the blood flowing through your head , the conversation going on in the next room — is resonating inside the cavity of the shell , being amplified and becoming clear enough for us to notice .
Just like the various shapes we make with our mouths will produce different pitches , different sizes and shapes of shell sound different because different resonant chambers will amplify different frequencies .
The fact that all shells sound just a little bit like the ocean is purely coincidental .
Holding any sort of Helmholtz resonator to your ear will produce a similar effect , whether that object is associated with the ocean or not .
Put an empty glass over your ear or even cup your hand over it , and the sound you hear will be just about the same .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Volkswagen is to screen a mini- film exploring Dudeism , the " religion " inspired by the character " the Dude " in 1998 movie The Big Lebowski , in more than 500 independent cinemas across the UK .
The 60 - second clip , which tells the story of Dudeism devotee Oliver Benjamin , is one of three telling the story of people whose lives have been changed by films .
They will run before the main feature as part of VW 's support of independent cinema .
" After watching The Big Lebowski for a few times I suddenly realised that this is it , this is the message for our time and place , " said Benjamin , who is seen wandering around in a bathrobe and sandals and playing the Dude 's favourite sport of ten - pin bowling .
" The religion is called Dudeism and the Dude represents a character who really knows how to just take it easy in the face of all sorts of struggles and strives and negative things that come his way . "
The other clips , all created by ad agency DDB London , feature a weightlifting champ inspired by Sylvester Stallone 's Rocky films and a young magician who identifies with Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory .
The short clips will run in more than 550 independent cinemas including Curzon , Electric , Ritzy and Picturehouse networks .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediaguardian.co.uk or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
by Justin Martell
On September 10th , 2009 , Meghan McCain appeared on ABC's The View .
During her appearance , the conversation was steered , by Whoopi Goldberg , to the impending anniversary of the attacks :
" So tomorrow is the eight anniversary of the September 11th terrorist attacks , " said Goldberg , " and the conspiracy theories are as strong as ever .
There are Internet sites , movies , and celebrities that are convinced that the government was complicit in the attacks .
Is this ever going to change ?
I mean , conspiracy theories have always been around , but this seems a little much with all the information that we have . "
With Elizabeth Hassleback absent , Meghan McCain served as an appropriate stand in .
" Charlie Sheen is the latest celebrity to talk about how he does n't believe in 9/11 , " she said .
" I quoted Charlie Sheen yesterday about his experience with prostitutes , so really you 're the one I should be listening to about 9/11 ? "
Where 's Rosie O'Donnell when you need her ?
Well , Meghan , do you think that your father is a more credible source ?
It was he who , in the days following 9/11 , appeared on CNN and was asked what countries should be subject to retaliation , “ Very obviously Iraq is the first country , ” he replied .
Why would you trust someone who promoted the idea of a connection between Iraq and 9/11 , something that was also promoted by the Bush Administration even though it was known not to be true from very early on ?
McCain also said that “ the evidence is clear , ” and there are “ credible reports of involvement between Iraqi administration officials , Iraqi officials and the terrorists . ”
Additionally , he supported the fictitious claim that 9/11 hijacker Mohamed Atta met with an Iraqi intelligence agent in Prague .
He was obviously eager to go into Iraq and support the PNAC agenda of regime change , regardless of whether or not Saddam was a threat or possessed weapons of mass destruction .
On January 2 , 2002 he would tell US troops on the aircraft carrier USS Theodore Roosevelt , “ Next stop , Baghdad ! ”
Also , according to an article published by Daniel Hopsicker on February 27th , 2008 , a custom 727 that chauffeured your father to campaign events approximately four times during the 2000 election , was the same plane that was used to fly members of the Saudi royal family from Las Vegas to London in the wake of 9/11 .
What you should find even more interesting about that plane , considering you were so concerned with Charlie Sheen 's alleged philandering with prostitutes , is the fact that the woman who arranged your father 's flights on that plane was none other than Vicki Iseman .
Remember , your father 's lobbyist " friend ? "
The point being , Sheen and the prostitutes and your father and Iseman are irrelevant ( actually only partly , considering Iseman 's connection to the company that , in addition to facilitating your father 's campaign stops , also facilitated the Saudi exodus .
However , that can be pushed aside for the time being ) .
This is supposed to be a debate of facts , not a debate about who , between Sheen and your father , is more of a sexual deviant .
Now , this is where the waters get a bit murky .
I 'm not entirely sure if you remember , but you and I spent time together , and had a conversation that I chose to keep private until now , because we were not on the record .
However , I am compelled to share this given your recent statements :
On Sunday , November 18th , 2007 , the Straight Talk Express paid a visit to my alma mater , Franklin Pierce University .
While there , the senator filmed a television commercial in our television studio , and then addressed members of the student body and the community in Pierce Hall .
During his speech , and this is old news , he was questioned by a member of my former organization Student Scholars for 9/11 Truth :
During this time , however , I was supposed to be a member of the video crew that was running the three - camera shoot of the event .
However , while backstage I became distracted when you appeared , and struck up a conversation with myself and my friend Eric Jackman .
" What is your main issue ? " you asked .
I replied that my main issue was a new investigation into 9/11 and supporting the victims ' family members .
" I understand , because I went to school in New York City , " you said .
" A lot of the people I went to school with had the same concerns . "
Prior to the event I had pinned on my shirt a black , 1/ 4 inch , button with an image of a white ribbon reading : " 9/11 Truth Now . "
Later , in our conversation I took the button off and handed it to you .
I was surprised when you took it and stuck it to you lapel as you were on your way back to the straight talk express .
" Do n't let your father see that ! " I joked .
I am not trying to insinuate that you endorse Charlie Sheen 's views on 9/11 , but our conversation , proves that you , at least , know that Charlie Sheen does n't not " believe in 9/11 . "
You are fully aware of the issues that he is raising .
On the Alex Jones Show Friday , Charlie Sheen challenged all of his critics , including you , Miss McCain .
Be intellectually honest and challenge Sheen on the points he made in this piece .
P.S. Please do n't forget our meeting .
Here are some photos to jog your memory :
WHAT ARE THEY SO MAD ABOUT ?….
Reader B.A. asks a question about the health care debate via email :
I do n’t understand why the wingnuts are so angry .
Conservatives will be better off if reform becomes law , just like liberals and independents .
Please explain the rationale for the fury .
Well , I ’m not sure I can .
It seems like one of those easy , basic questions that should have an obvious answer : what do conservatives want out of the health care debate ?
“ Wingnut , smash ” is n’t an especially compelling answer .
B.A. is right about the broad benefits for Americans .
Some of Rush Limbaugh ’s listeners are one serious illness away from bankruptcy .
Some Michele Bachmann voters ca n’t get coverage because of a pre-existing condition .
Some Glenn
Beck viewers will see their insurance companies drop them when they need their coverage most .
Many of Bill O’Reilly ’s fans already enjoy the benefits of government - run health care .
Some RNC donors may want to start their own business , but ca n’t because they ca n’t afford to pay the monthly premiums .
Some of the same people who attended “ Tea Parties ” in April saw the insurance for themselves and their families disappear after they lost their job .
There ’s nothing partisan or ideological about this — everyone is getting screwed by the status quo .
We ’re all paying too much for too little .
A huge chunk of the country is uninsured , underinsured , or uninsurable , and the system is blind to how you voted in the last election .
Now , this is not to say that the Democratic proposals are flawless ; they ’re not .
But what ’s striking about the opposition to reform — at least the loudest opposition to reform — is that the right has chosen to completely ignore the actual flaws in the plan(s ) and focus on imaginary , delusional nonsense .
So why are far - right activists so apoplectic ?
Why would people who stand to benefit from health care reform literally take to the streets and threaten violence in opposition to legislation that will help them and their families ?
President Obama supports an approach to health care reform that emphasizes competition and choice , does n’t increase the deficit , and would n’t raise middle class taxes … and conservatives are comparing the plan to the Nazi Holocaust ?
B.A. ’s confusion is understandable .
I do n’t get it , either .
It ’s probably a mistake to lump all opponents of reform in together ; different groups are fighting with different motivations .
I tend to see them in five different groups :
* The Greedy : There ’s a fairly small group of people who profit handsomely from the broken status quo .
Regular Americans are getting screwed by the system , but The Greedy are getting rich .
Reform puts their profits at risk , so they ’re fighting back to protect their livelihood .
* The Partisans : If President Obama does what many presidents have failed trying to do , it will likely make him more popular and make his presidency successful .
The Partisans care more about Republican gains than the national well being , so they ’re fighting to prevent a major Democratic victory because it would be a major Democratic victory .
* The Tin-Foil Hats :
If reform passes , the government will kill their grandparents , create “ death panels , ” lavish benefits on illegal immigrants , and mandate that ACORN volunteers live in your basement .
The Tin-Foil Hats have active imaginations , and believe their own ridiculous conspiracy theories .
They ’ll benefit from reform , but the voices in their head discourage them from believing it .
* The Dupes : Probably the largest group in opposition to reform , The Dupes tend to believe what The Greedy , The Partisans , and The Tin-Foil Hats have told them .
When confronted with accurate information , The Dupes suspect the media , Democrats , and their lying eyes are n’t to be trusted .
After all , Sean Hannity would n’t lie to them , would he ?
Like The Tin-Foil hats ,
The Dupes stand to benefit from reform , but are skeptical because they do n’t know who ’s telling the truth and who is n’t .
* The Wonks :
The smallest of the groups , The Wonks are conservatives who actually care about substantive policy details , have read the proposals , and believe there are better ways to improve the system .
The Greedy , The Partisans , The Tin-Foil Hats , and The Dupes tend to ignore The Wonks , which is a shame .
The Wonks notwithstanding , the first four groups combine to make a force to be reckoned with , and the various teams feed off of one another nicely .
The Greedy are n’t a big enough group to disrupt a town - hall meeting , but if they can feed some ideas to The Tin-Foil Hats , they can get a lot done .
The Partisans ca n’t come right out and acknowledge their concerns , but if they can rope in The Dupes , the combined force is considerable .
B.A. emailed , “ I do n’t understand why the wingnuts are so angry . ”
My suspicion is they ’re angry for different reasons , many of which will fade if / when Democratic policymakers can manage to do the right thing .
EA Mobile has just posted some more info and screenshots of FIFA 2010 for iPhone and iPod Touch .
This October EA is going to win hearts of mobile football fans by launching a very entertaining football experience for iPhone and iPod Touch users .
According to a note published on EA Mobile ’s Facebook Page here are some official details :
REAL LEAGUES .
REAL TEAMS .
REAL PLAYERS .
Match 30 leagues , 570 teams , and 12,620 players from around the world .
Play up to 20 licensed tournaments and cup competitions .
" BE A PRO " MODE : A FIFA 10 EXCLUSIVE !
Create your own future superstar -- ONLY with FIFA 10 by EA SPORTS ™ .
Track his play in multiple seasons .
Earn skills in competition against the world ’s finest soccer players , and build your legend !
CONTROL THE GAME WITH FINGERTIP EASE
Easily dictate tempo with the accelerometer .
Pull off defense - splitting passes , rifling shots , and pro-style tricks with intuitive touchscreen controls .
TRUE SIGHTS AND SOUNDS
Hear the roar of sold - out stadiums , and catch close - up the pride and passion on the field , from team presentations to goal celebrations .
View from 6 angles , plus the " Be A Pro " camera .
All in 3D .
TURN UP THE COMPETITION
Access Local WiFi Multiplayer
Mode for friendly head - to - head action .
Test your skills vs. your personal rivals .
PICK UP AND PLAY .
ANYTIME , ANYWHERE .
From Barcelona to Brazil , manage the world ’s best , and play for prestige and glory .
Load in seconds and get ready for action !
Game is expected to be available for everyone on October 2nd .
Some new screenshots ( Have a look at early screenshots if you have n’t ) are also posted on EA Mobile Facebook page .
The Mount Wilson Observatory has allowed astronomers to gaze at the heavens for more than a century from a peak in the San Gabriel Mountains , just northeast of Los Angeles , but the devastating conflagration known as the Station Fire that ripped through the Angeles National Forest over the past week had stargazers wondering if the historic facility was about to go up in smoke .
The flames got so close at one point that firefighters abandoned the facility , but now L.A. County Deputy Fire Chief Jim Powers has assured astronomers that he foresees “ another hundred years for Mount Wilson Observatory . ”
This is the story of how firefighters saved the birthplace of modern astronomy as well as a virtual forest of communication towers that serve the region [ AP ] .
On Monday night , the scene was grim .
The observatory had been hastily evacuated that day , and only two - dozen firefighters stood overnight sentry , positioned along the gloomy perimeters of the observatory and towers .
A greater number might have been deployed , but there were more pressing priorities in the urban elevations — the protection of hillside homes [ Los Angeles Times ] .
By daybreak , fire chiefs made the call to retreat from the mountaintop , where firefighters could easily be trapped by the oncoming flames .
“ It ’s not worth dying for , ” said Los Angeles County Fire Department Battalion Chief Steve Martin [ Los Angeles Times ] .
But their luck was already turning : the winds were dropping , the temperature was cooling , and the humidity was rising , all of which had a dampening effect on the raging fires .
On Tuesday afternoon the fire crews began a massive new defensive effort around the observatory .
They called in helicopters to spray the forest with 7,500 gallons of fire retardant chemicals , used two enormous bulldozers to clear brush on the hillsides , and set backfires near the observatory ’s buildings .
If the fire overran the compound , a last - resort measure would be taken to spray the technology - packed structures with foam .
“ We do not plan to cover everything with a gooey mess , ” said county Fire Deputy Chief James Powers [ Los Angeles Times ] .
In the end , the goo was n’t necessary .
Firefighters waited through the night as Tuesday gave way to Wednesday , expecting the blaze to clime the mountainside before dawn .
But the preventive measures had done their work , and the fire never crossed over the observatory ’s perimeter .
It ’s still possible that some damage may have been done .
Edward Rhodes , a USC astronomy professor who manages the 60 - foot - tall solar observatory , the oldest instrument at Mt. Wilson , said his team manager had to pull out so quickly it ’s not clear he had time to stow the telescope ’s two main mirrors to protect them from ash and dust .
“ There could be some contamination inside the dome , ” said Rhodes … .
The mirrors were just coated with a new aluminum reflecting surface in July .
If that was damaged , the observatory might need to do the expensive process all over again [ Los Angeles Times ] .
Mt. Wilson ’s web server also went down on Tuesday when backfires infiltrated a box containing telephone lines , but such problems are minor in comparison to what researchers could have lost : everything .
The observatory was built in 1904 , and work done there revolutionized our understanding of the universe .
Edwin Hubble used observations made at Mount Wilson to show that the Milky Way is only one of many galaxies and that the universe is expanding [ SPACE.com ] .
While the encroaching lights of Los Angeles ’s suburbs have reduced its usefulness for some observations , research at Mount Wilson is still a vital , ongoing concern .
Just a couple months ago , a Nobel Prize - winning astronomer used Mount Wilson to discover that the star Betelgeuse appears to be shrinking .
In 1920 , Betelgeuse was the first star to be measured — and it was done at Mount Wilson [ AP ] .
Image : from Mount Wilson Tower Cam , on Tuesday afternoon
written by Wolfgang Christian
The EJS Molecular Dynamics Demonstration model is constructed using the Lennard - Jones potential truncated at a distance of 3 molecular diameters .
The motion of the molecules is governed by Newton 's laws , approximated using the Verlet algorithm with the indicated Time step .
For sufficiently small time steps dt , the system 's total energy should be approximately conserved .
Users can select various initial configurations using the drop down menu .
Ejs Molecular Dynamics Demonstration model was developed using the Easy Java Simulations ( Ejs ) modeling tool based on a Java applet written by Dan Schroeder , Physics Department , Weber State University .
It is distributed as a ready - to - run ( compiled ) Java archive .
Double clicking the ejs_MultipleCoinToss.jar file will run the program if Java is installed .
Ejs is a part of the Open Source Physics Project and is designed to make it easier to access , modify , and generate computer models .
Additional Ejs models for classical mechanics are available .
They can be found by searching ComPADRE for Open Source Physics , OSP , or Ejs .
Download ejs_teacher_MolecularDynamicsDemo.jar - 1437 kb Java Archive File
Last Modified June 10 , 2014
Family Dairy Farmers Appeal to Obama Administration for Swift Enforcement
WASHINGTON , DC : Aurora Dairy , based in Boulder , Colorado , the nation 's largest organic dairy producer , is once again facing allegations of improprieties .
Aurora had previously been found in " willful " violation of multiple federal organic standards by USDA investigators in 2007 .
This week an organic industry watchdog , The Cornucopia Institute , filed a formal legal complaint with the USDA in Washington alleging that one of the five industrial - scale dairies operated by Aurora , its High Plains dairy near Kersey , Colorado , is failing to graze their dairy cattle as required by the federal organic standards .
Family dairy farmers have recently appealed directly to USDA Secretary Tom Vilsack for swift enforcement action in response to giant corporations " gaming the system " and squeezing them out of business .
They claim they are being placed at a competitive disadvantage .
A national surplus of organic milk - largely created by factory farm dairies - and magnified by a soft economy - has been driving down prices paid to farmers .
" Here we have an industry where 1800 family farmers , and the reputable organic brands they supply , are continuing to have their economic survival imperiled by this $ 100 million scofflaw that has been allowed to continue in operation , " said Mark A. Kastel , Senior Farm Policy Analyst for Cornucopia .
Aurora 's milk is sold to many of the nation 's largest grocery chains , including Wal - Mart , Target , Safeway , Costco and others , for their cheap store brand label organic milk .
Aurora is allegedly primarily confining their dairy cows in giant barns and pens instead of being allowed to graze on fresh forage , and exhibit their natural instinctive behaviors , as the federal law mandates .
When the cows are let outside they often only have access to substandard crops that are planted on an annual basis , and wither in the desert - like heat , instead of more hardy perennials that stand up to continual grazing throughout the growing season .
In response to a previous legal complaint filed by The Cornucopia Institute , in 2006 , career staff at the USDA found that Aurora was in violation of 14 tenets of the organic regulations including confining their cattle to feedlots , instead of grazing , and bringing thousands of illegal conventional cows into their organic operation .
" Although investigators found that Aurora had perpetrated the greatest scandal in the history of the organic industry , Bush administration officials , who ran the USDA at the time , let the giant corporation off with minor adjustments to one of their five operations and placed them on a one - year probation , " Kastel added .
In addition to being subject to decertification , the dairy could have faced millions of dollars in penalties .
Cornucopia had filed a subsequent complaint in 2007 , outlining evidence that Aurora 's High Plains dairy was violating the law .
At that point the Bush administration , through the USDA 's Agricultural Marketing Services , informed the farm policy research group that their concerns would be investigated and integrated into Aurora 's one - year probation monitoring .
" After recently scrutinizing USDA documents , obtained through a freedom of information request ( FOIA ) , we are refiling these serious charges now , including making additional first - hand witness testimony available , because there is no evidence that the Department followed through with their commitment to investigate what Aurora has represented as a model pasture - based dairy , " said Will Fantle , research director of The Cornucopia Institute .
The controversy surrounding the legality of operating giant factory farms , each milking 2000 - 7000 cows , principally owned by Aurora or Dean Foods for their Horizon brand , has come to a head this year as competitors in the marketplace have been forced to lower prices paid to family - scale farmers , institute cut backs on production or even cancel their contracts with some dairy producers .
" This is an unmitigated disaster for many family farmers who are now facing no market for their organic milk and possibly losing their farms because of the softening economy and the overload of milk coming from these giant factory farms , " said Kathie Arnold of Truxton , NY , an organic dairy farmer milking 130 cows .
Meanwhile , USDA Secretary Vilsack recently met in Wisconsin with organic family farmers and their advocates who appealed to the new Obama administration to " cleanup the mess they inherited " at the USDA 's National Organic Program .
Farmers were heartened by the Secretary 's commitment to ramp - up enforcement at the National Organic Program and appoint officials there who will share the values of organic community participants .
" We are focusing on rules that will level the playing field so that small and medium - size producers have a fair shot , " Vilsack said , and added : " I commit to you that we will enforce the [ current ] rules . "
The Bush administration received wide criticism in the organic industry for not only letting Aurora Dairy off the hook without any substantive penalties but also for their lax approach to investigating alleged improprieties by industry giant Dean Foods and its Horizon label .
A large percentage of the Horizon milk comes from concentrated animal feeding operations or CAFOs .
In 2006 the largest dairy operation supplying Horizon , with 10,000 - cows , was decertified , but according to FOIA documents the 8000 - head , corporate - owned Horizon dairy in Idaho has never been investigated .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
The nearly complete fossil was found in northeastern China and bought by a collector , Henry J. Kriegstein , who alerted Paul C. Sereno , a paleontologist at the University of Chicago and lead author of the paper .
The fossil , which was illicitly excavated , will be returned to a museum in China .
Dr. Sereno said the fossil was that of a young adult , about 5 or 6 years old and near the end of its growth period .
Besides the oversized head , jaws and legs , it had long shinbones and long , compressed feet that helped it run fast after smaller dinosaurs and other prey .
“ We see this all , to our great surprise , in an animal that is basically the body weight of a human , ” Dr. Sereno said .
Raptorex , like T. rex , would have killed animals with its teeth and jaws .
The forelimbs would not have been the primary means for attacking prey .
In fact , Dr. Sereno said , the forelimbs would have gotten smaller as the head got larger .
“ This is an agile , fast - running animal , ” he said .
“ By adding a lot of weight at the top , something has to give way .
What gave way was the forelimb . ”
Thomas R. Holtz Jr. , a paleontologist at the University of Maryland who was not involved in the work , said the discovery helped “ clear up the origin of the characteristic features of the Tyrannosaurs . ”
Mr. Fox says a thirst for riches propels the street violence .
So legalizing drugs — as Holland has done — could have the same effect that ending Prohibition had in the United States in 1933 : Removing the incentive for criminals .
But if the domestic market in Mexico collapsed because of legalization , the export market might become even more valuable .
Any move toward legalization would work only if done in concert with the United States , Mr. Fox said .
[ St. Louis Post - Dispatch ]
As President Calderon 's leadership continues to drive Mexico deeper into the abyss of cyclical drug war violence , his predecessor Vicente Fox is looking for real solutions instead of hollow , tough - guy rhetoric .
And it sounds like he found the answer :
Those are strong words coming from the man who was leading the Mexican drug war just three years ago .
Fox knows as well as anyone how powerful prohibition has made the cartels and he 's rapidly becoming the nation 's loudest voice for reform .
It 's almost become a cliche at this point , but the observation that Mexico ca n’t change the direction of its drug policy without U.S. backing is probably correct .
It 's awfully hard to just come out and tell the Americans , " Hey , you guys are on your own now .
We 're not fighting anymore .
Good luck locking down your borders and convincing everyone to stop buying drugs . "
Even if drug sales in Mexico were tightly regulated , the fight over lucrative smuggling routes will continue .
You can regulate marijuana sales in Tijuana , but the government can't be arbitrating trade disputes between international drug organizations or issuing permits to dig tunnels under the border .
Nevertheless , the present hopelessness griping the country could form the framework for a massive popular movement to end Mexico 's war against the cartels .
Everyone already knows the whole mess owes its origins to American drug demand and it may be only a matter of time before a politically significant portion of the Mexican population stops supporting politicians who take drug war orders from the U.S. State Department .
The next presidential elections in Mexico will likely bring about the most interesting drug policy dialogue that 's ever taken place there .
No one knows what 's going to happen next , but I can guarantee you that the current strategy of fighting it out in the streets is n't going to change the game .
As hard as it is to imagine a combined U.S. and Mexican withdrawal after decades of aggressive interdiction efforts , it stands to reason that the one viable policy solution will eventually emerge .
With leaders like Vicente Fox beginning to speak out , that moment may come sooner than we expect .
Deputy kills knife - wielding restaurateur CONTRA COSTA COUNTY
A man shot and killed by a Contra Costa County sheriff 's deputy near Martinez was a restaurant manager who had duct - taped a knife to his wrist , authorities said Friday .
Roger McComb , 46 , manager at the restaurant Esin on Camino Ramon in Danville , was shot outside his home on Rutherford Lane near the junction of Interstate 680 and Highway 4 at about 8:20 p.m. Thursday .
Deputies went to the unincorporated area in response to a call from someone that there was a man with a knife .
Two deputies spotted McComb and ordered him to drop the knife , but he refused and continued to walk toward them , authorities said .
One of the deputies fired several shots at McComb , striking him .
He was pronounced dead at the scene .
McComb had taped the knife to his wrist , sheriff 's Capt .
Dan Terry said , and had a number of self - inflicted cuts to his other arm .
" They were not superficial wounds .
They were significant injuries , " Terry said .
McComb left a note in his house " indicating that he no longer had a will to live , " Terry said .
The incident is being reviewed by sheriff 's investigators and the district attorney 's office .
The unidentified deputy was placed on paid administrative leave , which is standard procedure .
One of the first things visitors to the Atomic Object office may notice is a lack of walls .
This has come to be known as the “ Atomic Brain Trust ” — an open environment that encourages ideas to flow as freely as the coffee that sparks them .
David Christiansen was one such visitor , writing of his visit to the AO office over at TechDarkside :
It ’s hard to think of what I saw there as an office — it had more in common with a grad school lab than an IT department .
I thought it was awesome .
The open office environment has benefited Atomic Object and its clients in a variety of ways .
Problem Solving
Much like our stand up meetings , the open office — wherein desks are arranged into groups with everyone facing into the center — promotes spontaneous brain storming .
Employees working on radically different projects can share their collective wisdom and past experiences , to the benefit of other employees and ultimately AO ’s clients as well .
Productivity
The open office environment holds employees accountable to each other for their daily productivity .
Everyone can see what you ’re working on , so it makes it much more difficult to slip in a quick game of Bejeweled or a lengthy email to your favorite aunt .
Community
Rather than sequestering individuals behind walls to limit their interaction , employees are encouraged to interact .
Employees all sit facing each other in clusters , which encourages dialogue , while at the same time allowing employees to remain at their desks and continue working while doing so .
In a traditional office environment , employees must interrupt their work and leave their cubicles for any interaction .
Warmth
When visitors walk into the Atomic Object office , they are often times greeted by a big friendly dog — one of several you might find around the office on any given day .
If no dogs are present , visitors will at least be greeted by actual faces , instead of a wall of generically carpeted cubicles .
Right away , visitors see developers hard at work , actively engaged in client projects .
There it is in a nutshell .
The open environment is social , spontaneous and productive .
It ’s not just Atomic Object that is discovering this phenomenon .
Agile enthusiast Elisabeth Hendrickson over at Quality Tree Software , Inc. is in the process of creating an open office environment after visiting Atomic Object and several others , where she quickly realized the benefits of our way of thinking .
On Hendrickson ’s blog “ Test Obsessed ” , she cites Atomic Object , among others , as a source of inspiration for her forthcoming open environment office space , hoping others with find similar inspiration and follow suit .
We hope you do too .
Aeman Abo Shbeka , aged 41 ( L ) , a resident of Rafah refugee camp in Gaza receives a Hijama operation , after suffering from severe headaches .
Hijama is the name in Arab traditional medicine for wet cupping , where blood is drawn by vacuum from a small skin incision for therapeutic purposes .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
Using the old methods , Dr. Anuor Shekh El- eid , burns a small piece of paper or cotton inside the vessel , so that the mouth of the cup clings to the skin .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
Hijama , more commonly known as Bloodletting , is used to treat many serious diseases , such as Rheumatism , Cancer , infertility , Blood Pressure , Eczema , Hemophilia , Chronic Back Pain , Chronic U.T.I. , Diabetic Mellitus .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
The Hijama operation , a sucking of the decayed blood from the human body , is generally performed by Muslims as it is a form of medicine specifically mentioned and encouraged by the Islamic prophet Muhammad .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
It is believed that six optimal points on the body are all that is required to clean the entire cardiovascular system .
The back of the head , two shoulders corresponding to the acupuncture heart position , the tail or small of the back , and the two inner ankles .
Dr. Anuor Shekh El - eid is pictured here creating small incisions on the patients body before beginning the procedure .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
The cup is left to cling onto the skin for a few minutes , then it is lifted off and very small incisions are made in the skin where the blood is extracted .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
Hijama is normally performed on the head , but can be performed anywhere on the body , often at the site of an ache or pain in order to ease or alleviate it .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
Doctor Anuor Shekh El - eid shows the decayed blood of Aeman Abo Shbeka .
Doctor Anuor Shekh El - eid is one of several muslim doctors in the area who performs Hijama .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
Although the horns were traditionally used in the practice of Hijama , today cups can be made from metal , glass or plastic .
Machines are also commonly used during the procedure to attach the cups to the patients body .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
The cups continue to be placed on the skin until is it filled with the decayed blood .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
The muslim palestinian doctor Anuor Shekh El - eid using the Hujama or the Bloodletting operation , as he treats the sick man Aeman Abo Shbeka , aged 41 , ( not see ) .
in Rafah refugee camp southern Gaza on July 26 , 2009 .
Doctor Anuor Shekh El - eid one of several muslim doctors who perform the Hujama operation to treat many serious diseases , such as Rheumatism , Cancer , infertility , Blood Pressure , Eczema , Hemophilia , Chronic Back Pain , Chronic U.T.I. , Diabetic Mellitus .
The Hujama operation is a suck of the decayed blood from the human body .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
Aeman Abo Shbeka , aged 41 , who suffers from headaches having the Hujama or Bloodletting operation performed by the muslim palestinian doctor Anuor Shekh El- eid in Rafah refugee camp southern Gaza on July 26 , 2009 .
Doctor Anuor Shekh El - eid one of several muslim doctors who perform the Hujama operation to treat many serious diseases , such as Rheumatism , Cancer , infertility , Blood Pressure , Eczema , Hemophilia , Chronic Back Pain , Chronic U.T.I. , Diabetic Mellitus .
The Hujama operation is a suck of the decayed blood from the human body .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
The muslim palestinian doctor Anuor Shekh El - eid shows the decayed blood using the Hujama or the Bloodletting operation , as he treats the sick man Aeman Abo Shbeka , aged 41. in Rafah refugee camp southern Gaza on July 26 , 2009 .
Doctor Anuor Shekh El - eid one of several muslim doctors who perform the Hujama operation to treat many serious diseases , such as Rheumatism , Cancer , infertility , Blood Pressure , Eczema , Hemophilia , Chronic Back Pain , Chronic U.T.I. , Diabetic Mellitus .
The Hujama operation is a suck of the decayed blood from the human body .
( UPI Photo / Ismael Mohamad ) | License Photo
Universal Serial Bus ( USB ) is a serial bus standard that connects devices to a host computer .
USB was designed to allow many peripherals to be connected using a single standardized interface socket .
Now lets look at some awesome USB gadgets and devices !
USB Laser Guided Missile Launcher – The Cold War has gone Cubicle
Features :
– Can connect ( and simultaneously control ) an almost unlimited number of missile launchers
– Can pivot 180 degrees horizontally , and 45 degrees up
– Just point the red laser dot at your target and slowly squeeze your mouse trigger finger
via ThinkGeek
USB Bouncer – Thinks
He ’s in Vegas and Your Computer is the Tryst Nightclub at Wynn
Features :
– Bouncer is activated through built in motion sensor
– Once activated , he shouts slogans like : ‘ You ’re not welcome here ’ and ‘ You ’re cruising for a bruisin ’
* Warning * USB Bouncer is susceptible to folded bills and attractive women
via GadgetShop
USB Digital Microscope – When Squinting Does n’t Cut It
Features :
– Magnification 10 x and 200x
– 4 Built - in LEDs for illumination
– Manual Focus from 10 mm ~ Infinity
via USB Geek
USB Vacuum – It Sucks .
In a Good Way
Features :
– 8 inches tall with a 45 inch reach
– Fully - functional with maximum sucktitude
via GadgetShop
USB Portable Paper Shredder – For TPS Reports and Other Sensitive Documents
Features :
– Shredded paper width : 4mm
– Shredding capacity : 4 sheets ( 75g / m2 paper )
– Forward / Reverse switch
via USB Geek
USB Foot Warmers – During Winters of Discontent
Features :
– Made from soft , snugly fur
– Warmed through a compact , ultra - flexible heat panel in the sole
– Heat panel can be removed so footwarmers can be washed
via GadgetShop
USB Desktop Dunk – Ballin ’
Features :
– Plug it into your USB port for score keeping and sound effects
– Includes 4 soft rubber mini Basketballs
– Sound toggle on / off makes crowd noise / sounds when you score
via ThinkGeek
USB Putt Returner – Drive for show , Putt for Dough ….. nuts
Features :
– Comes with a club , ball , and putting surface
– Make the putt and your ball is returned
via GadgetShop
USB Cup Warmer and 4 Port Hub – Beyond Functional
It ’s Borderline Necessity
Features :
– 4 USB 2.0 Ports ‘ A ’ Type female connectors
– Keeps your coffee or other drink warm at around 50 degrees Celsius ( 122 degrees Fahrenheit )
– Chainable with up to 127 USB devices
via GadgetsQuick
USB Stealth Switch – Learn to cheat and you do n’t need to learn anything else
Features :
– With a simple click of the foot switch , you can instantly hide the current window , hide all open windows , or hide certain windows only
– It can also mute sound plus many other useful settings
– Your privacy is only a click away …
via GadgetsQuick
!!BONUS !!
FAKE USB GADGET
The iSaw – USB Powered Chainsaw
Features :
– Safety activation button
– Protective guard
– Rubber grip handles
via www.usbchainsaw.com
Just wanted to include this one because it ’s been making the rounds on all of the gadget blogs recently and it ’s clearly a hoax ( unfortunately ) .
Lots of effort for a gag , but it certainly got buzz .
Even shows up in Google News …
Which is your favorite USB device / gadget ?
Israeli PM
Netanyahu is beginning to sweat
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu is beginning to sweat
by Neve Gordon
Notwithstanding the agreement between President Barack Obama and Netanyahu on issues such as the recognition of Israel as a Jewish state and the insistence that the Palestinians renounce violence , there are currently points of serious contention between the two leaders .
These include Obama 's position that the two - state solution is the only way to resolve the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , his demand that Israel stop building settlements and his intimation that all the settlements are illegal .
Other points of strife include Obama 's call for regional nuclear non-proliferation ( which , in effect , assumes that Israel 's nuclear capacity will be part of the negotiations with Iran ) , his recognition of the plight of Palestinians , including the refugees , and his claim that Hamas is a legitimate rather than a terrorist organization .
So far Obama 's challenges to Israel have been theoretical , and the only substantive demand that Washington has made involves the 100 or so Jewish outposts in the West Bank .
Reiterating President Bush 's directive , Obama recently asked Netanyahu to begin dismantling the outposts .
Legally the outposts are just like the 121 settlements ( namely , they are all illegal ) , only the outposts were built following the 1993 Oslo accords , and , as opposed to the settlements , which are now home to close to half a million Jews or about 7 percent of Israel 's citizenry , almost all the outposts are extremely sparsely populated with less than a dozen people in each one .
Netanyahu did not refuse , but instead of carrying out the job , he decided to put on a show .
Last week , the government sent troops to dismantle two outposts .
The television networks were invited to cover the event , and that evening viewers watched how a group of settlers struggled against the most powerful military in the Middle East .
Within hours of the news broadcasts , the settlers had already rebuilt the outposts , and thus today we are , once again , back to square one .
The perceptive viewer understands that the government and the settlers are staging the events , using the media to broadcast them to the world .
The images of lawless fundamentalists fighting the military convey a clear message to the audience at home : if Netanyahu dares to dismantle the outposts , the settlers will not only topple his government , but there will be blood .
More specifically , the not - so - latent inference is that if Netanyahu goes ahead with Washington 's directive , he will be responsible for a civil war .
While all of the major news networks provided a similar narrative , Channel Two , the most popular news provider , dedicated 14 minutes of prime time to the issue .
In the segment , a reporter is shown interviewing a Jewish settler named Araleh from Karnei Shomron in the West Bank about the dismantlement of Jewish outposts .
The two men are standing on a mountain ridge overlooking Palestinian fields that had been set on fire .
The settler asserts that , " This is the price tag ...
People need to know that if they dismantle anything in Judea and Samaria , there is a price . "
He then looks at the horizon and asks , " Do you see all these mountains ? " and immediately responds , " they are all ours . "
When the reporter inquires what the settlers will do if a nearby outpost is dismantled , Araleh exclaims that they ( the government ) will not destroy it , and then adds " they might destroy a little shack in the outpost to send pictures to the nigger in the United States . "
The crux of the matter is that this pathetic racist settler is right : the images of troops dismantling a few outposts and the forceful resistance are all part of a well choreographed spectacle that is being produced specifically for Washington .
Otherwise why remove only two outposts at a time instead of forty at once and getting the job done ?
And why invite the networks to cover the events and not to dismantle the outposts by surprise in the early morning hours when the settlers are not ready ?
The answer is straightforward : Netanyahu wants Obama to think that Israel will end up in a civil war if the White House stands firm .
The question now is whether Obama will back off or whether he will he have the courage to make Netanyahu dismantle both the outposts and the settlements .
If Obama hesitates Israel will become a full blown Apartheid regime , while if he remains bold he will probably be remembered as the President who helped save Israel from itself .
To do so he will have to make Netanyahu sweat much more .
*************
Neve Gordon teaches politics at Ben-Gurion University and is the author of Israel 's Occupation ( University of California Press , 2008 ) .
Visit his homepage at www.israelsoccupation.info
© Scoop Media
In her new book Blood & Capital : The Paramilitarization of Colombia , Jasmin Hristov seeks to expose the rational motivations behind state violence for capitalism ’s economic elites in the US and Colombia .
In meticulous detail , Hristov shows how the super - rich benefit from state repression and how the violators of human rights have essentially become immune from any consequences for their actions .
If death squads are truly to be abolished in Colombia , we must look honestly at how and why they exist today .
In her new book Blood & Capital : The Paramilitarization of Colombia , author Jasmin Hristov writes : “ For roughly forty years , the Colombian state has been playing a double game : prohibiting the formation of paramilitary groups with one law and facilitating their existence with another ; condemning their barbarities and at the same time assisting their operations ; promising to bring perpetrators of crime to justice , while opening the door to perpetual immunity ; convicting them of narco - trafficking , yet profiting from their drug deals ; announcing to the world the government ’s persecution of paramilitary organizations , even though in reality these ‘ illegal armed groups ’ have been carrying out the dirty work unseemly for a state that claims to be democratic and worthy of billions of dollars in US military aid . ”
As the largest recipient of US military aid in the hemisphere , Colombia has long been the US ’ most important ally in Latin America .
Simultaneously , Colombia has also become the hemisphere ’s worst human rights violator , with Colombia ’s numerous paramilitary organizations recently taking center stage , as they ’ve gradually become directly responsible for more human rights atrocities than the formal military and police .
In the name of fighting “ narco - terrorism , ” poor people and dissidents are massacred , assassinated , tortured , and disappeared , among other atrocities done to eliminate particular individuals and to “ set an example ” by intimidating others in the community .
Ninety - seven percent of human rights abuses remain unpunished .
In recent years , a variety of human rights organizations , as well as mainstream academics and journalists have found it impossible to ignore the astronomical human rights violations .
However , even though these groups have accurately reported on the actual atrocities , Jasmin Hristov argues that in their reports , the atrocities are largely de-contextualized from the powerful forces in Colombia and the US that directly benefit from this repression .
According to Hristov , this mainstream presentation serves to mask the fact that US and Colombian elites directly support ( via funding , training , supervising , and providing legal immunity for ) state repression carried out by the police and military , as well as illegal paramilitary groups that are unofficially sanctioned by the government .
Whether it is murdering labor organizers or displacing an indigenous community because a US corporation wants to drill for oil on their land , Hristov passionately asserts that death squad violence is purposefully directed towards sectors of society that stand in the way of the ruling class ’s efforts to maintain economic dominance and acquire more resources to make even more profit .
In her book , Hristov makes a a convincing argument that Colombia ’s notorious death squads are inherently linked to maintenance of the country ’s extreme economic inequality .
Particularly since the neoliberal reforms of the 1990s that have increased poverty , Colombia ’s poor continue to resist their oppression in many different ways .
In response , state repression on a variety of levels is needed to terrorize unarmed social movements and other community groups and activists .
Throughout Blood & Capital , Hristov seeks to expose the rational motivations behind state violence for capitalism ’s economic elites in the US and Colombia .
In meticulous detail , Hristov shows how the super - rich benefit from state repression and how the violators of human rights have essentially become immune from any consequences for their actions .
If death squads are truly to be abolished in Colombia , we must look honestly at how and why they exist today .
Hristov ’s new book is a powerful tool for exposing who truly calls the shots .
www.justiceforcolombia.org
Neoliberalism or Neopoverty ?
Hristov asserts that “ it is not a mere coincidence that during the era of accelerated neoliberal restructuring , the deterioration in the living conditions of the working majority has been accompanied by an increase in the capabilities and activities of military , police , and paramilitary groups , as well as the portrayal of social movements as forces that must be monitored , silenced , and eventually dismantled . ”
The scandalous epidemic of poverty in Colombia is key to understanding Colombian politics , and why the upper classes so fear political organizing among the poor , who could mount a formidable opposition to the status quo if allowed to organize unrestrained by state repression .
When neoliberal policies were adopted by the Colombian government in the 1990s , it dramatically increased poverty , and made an already terrible situation worse .
Hristov writes that the “ essential components of neoliberalism are trade liberalization , privatization , deregulation , and austerity .
Trade liberalization entails the removal of any trade barriers , such as tariffs and quotas .
Privatization requires the sale of public enterprises and assets to private owners .
Through the removal of government restrictions and interventions on capital , deregulation allows market forces to act as a self - regulating mechanism Austerity requires the drastic reduction or elimination of expenditures for social programs and services . ”
She argues that the “ main cause that led to the official adoption of neoliberal policies by the developing countries in Latin America and elsewhere was the pressure to service their external debts in the late 1970s .
In order to receive loans from the World Bank ( WB ) , or the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , nations had to agree to a program of structural adjustment that included drastically reducing public spending in health , education , and welfare , ” and much more .
Because Colombia had less debt than other Latin American countries , “ major neoliberal restructuring did not begin until 1990 , under President Cesar Gaviria Trujillo ( 1990 - 94 ) , when the country began to receive massive amounts of US military aid In addition to the significant social damage wrought by these policies , by the mid-1990s Colombia had to almost double its borrowing from the IMF because of the economic crisis brought on by the market liberalization , ” writes Hristov .
These drastic reforms have intensified since current President Alvaro Uribe came to power in 2002 .
After the IMF loaned $ 2.1 billion in 2003 on the condition that the reforms be accelerated , Uribe “ privatized one of the country ’s largest banks ( BANCAFE ) , restructured the pension program , and reduced the number of public - sector workers in order to cut budget deficits , as required by the international lending institution .
Uribe also closed down some of the country ’s biggest public hospitals , eliminating over four thousand medical jobs , and denationalized companies in the telecommunications , oil , and mining sectors , ” reports Hristov .
These are a few of the statistics compiled by Hristov , who writes that “ in a country of 45 million , around 11 million people are unable to afford even one nutritious meal a day .
According to statistics from 2005 , 65 percent of Colombians are unable to regularly satisfy basic subsistence needs .
In rural areas , the poverty rate is as high as 85 percent
In 2000 it was estimated that half a million children suffer from malnutrition and close to 2.5 million children between the ages of six and seventeen are forced to work Furthermore , there has been a notable decline in school attendance , literacy , and life expectancy as well as access to child care and education over the past couple of years .
Blood , Capital , and the State Coercive Apparatus
Throughout Blood & Capital , Hristov details many horrifying ways in which the rich are empowered by violence from what she identifies as the “ state ’s coercive apparatus ” ( SCA ) .
She argues that “ two intertwining motifs run throughout Colombia ’s history : ( 1 ) social relations marked by inequality , exploitation , and exclusion and ( 2 ) violence employed by those with economic and political power over the working majority and the poor in order to acquire control over resources , forcibly recruit labor , and suppress or eliminate dissent . ”
Dating back to the European conquest of the Americas , Hristov asserts that violence has been central to the creation of modern - day Colombia ’s government and economy .
She writes that “ starting in the late 1500s , the conquerors began clearing the indigenous population from territories with desirable characteristics — mineral deposits , fertile soil , access to water , transportation routes , and so on .
The separation of the indigenous from their means of subsistence allowed the formation of a local colonial elite who transformed what used to be used to be the native inhabitants communal lands into large estates or haciendas .
The creation of landless peasants facilitated the supply of labor for the Spaniards ’ ventures , such as mining and agriculture . ”
State violence supporting the economic elite continued , but became much worse in the 1960s under the direction of the US military .
Alfredo Vasquez Carrizosa , President of the Colombian Permanent Committee for Human Rights reports that in the 1960s , “ during the Kennedy administration , ” the US " took great pains to transform our regular armies into counterinsurgency brigades , accepting the new strategy of the death squads . ”
This “ ushered in what is known in Latin America as the National Security Doctrine not defense against an external enemy , but a way to make the military establishment the masters of the game the right to combat the internal enemy this could mean anyone , including human rights activists such as myself . ”
As Edward Herman , co-author of The Washington Connection and Third World Fascism explained in a previous interview with Upside Down World , US support for repressive governments in Colombia and throughout Latin America was , and still is , part of a general policy towards third world populations .
Focusing largely on US support for the Latin American “ National Security States , ” Herman and co-author Noam Chomsky argue that U.S. corporations purposefully support ( and in many instances create ) fascist terror states in order to create a favorable investment climate .
In exchange for a cut of the action , local military police - states brutally repress their population when it attempts to assert basic human rights .
In the 1960s , the US and Colombian governments launched Plan Lazo , designed to target the “ internal enemy . ”
Hristov writes that “ the military aid that was part of Plan Lazo ( and all subsequent programs , including those in place today , such as the Patriot Plan ) were given on the condition that Colombian forces would use terror and violence , since these formed a legitimate part of the overall anticommunist offensive .
In 1966 the field manual US Army Counterinsurgency Forces specified that while antiguerrilla should not employ mass terror , selective terror against civilians was acceptable and was justified as a necessary response to the alleged terrorism committed by rebel forces . ”
Hristov asserts that while the US handled the “ financial and ideological aspects ” of building and strengthening the SCA , locally the Colombian elites also played a key role .
“ It implemented many of the policies suggested by the US counterinsurgency manual in order to discipline the civilian population through measures such as press censorship , the suspension of civil rights ( to permit arrest on mere suspicion ) , and the forced relocation of entire villages .
President Guillermo Leon Valencia ( 1962 -66 ) boosted the anticommunist campaign by declaring a state of siege whereby judicial and political powers were transferred to the military while the later was freed from accountability to civilian authorities for its conduct . ”
With US financing and supervision , the Colombian armed forces have since become one of the most renowned human rights violators in the world .
This despicable conduct eventually created significant local and international opposition , and under this pressure the SCA has been forced to adjust .
In response , the responsibility for repression has shifted more towards paramilitaries , whose activities are officially independent of the government .
In this situation , when paramilitaries target the “ internal enemy , ” the same goal is accomplished as if the government itself did it , yet the government cannot be officially linked to the violence .
Paramilitary unit on patrol .
www.justiceforcolombia.org
The Paramilitarization of Colombia
The size and strength of paramilitary death squads in Colombia has steadily increased since they were first established in the 1960s .
According to Hristov , the paramilitaries are now responsible for about 80 percent of human rights violations in Colombia , compared to 16 percent by the rebel guerrillas .
The paramilitaries ’ evolution , Hristov argues , is the result of “ perhaps the most creative and intelligent effort by an elite - dominated state to counteract revolutionary processes
The Colombian parastatal system represents neither a traditional centralized authoritarian regime , as those that existed in Argentina , Chile , and Brazil , nor merely a collection of autonomous armed bands dispersed over rural areas , each ruling locally , as in Mexico .
What we see in Colombia is a mutated SCA that has assumed a nonstate appearance . ”
The function of the paramilitaries in Colombia was explained well by Captain Gilberto Cardenas , former captain of the national police and former director of the Judicial Police Investigative and Intelligence Unit in the Uraba region .
In 2002 , testifying against the commander of the Seventeenth Brigade of the Colombian armed forces , Cardenas told representatives of the United Nations andColombian authorities that “ The paramilitaries were created by the Colombian government itself to do the dirty work , in other words , in order to kill all individuals who , according to the state and the police , are guerrillas .
But in order to do that , the [ the government ] had to create illegal groups so that no one would suspect the government of Colombia and its military forces members of the army and the police even patrol side by side with the paramilitaries . ”
The paramilitary system first began in the mid-1960s when the Colombian government passed legislation that authorized citizens to carry arms and assist the military in repression .
Hristov argues that “ paramilitary forces entered the scene to perform two main functions . ”
The first was to participate in combat at a local level , as described by the 1966 US Army Counterinsurgency Forcesfield manual , which stated : “ paramilitary units can support the national army in the conduct of counterinsurgency operations when the latter are being conducted in their own province or political subdivision . ”
Second , Hristov writes that paramilitaries “ were intended to monitor and gather intelligence on the rebels , their civilian supporters , and social organizations by establishing networks throughout the country . ”
While these early paramilitaries did play some role in state repression , it would not be until the 1980s that they really began to increase in size and influence .
Hristov writes that “ the 1980s were the golden age of paramilitary development , as many new groups formed , expanded , and rapidly acquired financial and military strength …
This second wave of creation enacted by large - scale landowners , cattle ranchers , mining entrepreneurs ( particularly those in the emerald business ) and narco - lords took place in a particular context , characterized by five main features : a shift in the state ’s ( unofficial ) policy toward the partial privatization of coercion ; the state ’s fusion with the elite ; a legal framework that had set the ground for the design , training , equipping , and administration by the state military of armed bodies outside its institution ; a prevailing anticommunist ideology ; and militarized patches of the country that served as models to emulate . ”
This second wave was given another boost in 1994 with the creation of the Community Rural Surveillance Associations ( CONVIVIR ) by current President Alvaro Uribe Velez , who was the governor of the department of Antioquia at that time .
Hristov writes that Uribe made CONVIVIR into “ a replica of the original paramilitary bodies designed in the 1960s .
As it had thirty years ago , now the civilian counterpart of the SCA was to take on a central role in the Dirty War under a legal mantle .
By the time CONVIVIR was outlawed , in 1999 , most of the numerous paramilitary self defense bodies had united , attaining an organizational and military capacity unsurpassed by paramilitary forces in any other Latin American country . ”
In August , 1998 , just before the legislation supporting CONVIVIR was abolished , hundreds of members publicly announced that they would be joining the AUC paramilitary network , which became the most prominent paramilitary network in Colombia .
The AUC had been created in 1997 , mostly under the leadership of Carlos Castano and his paramilitary group , the ACCU , which became the largest group in the AUC federation .
Others that operated in this loose confederation of paramilitary groups included Bloque Cacique Nutibara , the Bloque Central Bolivar , and the Bloque de Magdalena Medio .
Following official “ peace negotiations ” between the AUC and the Colombian government which began in 2002 with an official AUC ceasefire agreement , the AUC officially disbanded in February 2006 , as part of an overall public disarmament of many paramilitaries throughout Colombia .
However Hristov argues that “ there are many factors challenging the legitimacy of the peace process .
First , during the entire period of the cease - fire announced by the AUC , its groups regularly engaged in military actions against civilians , thereby committing human rights violations ( and such activities continue to take place ) .
Second , often those who claimed to be demobilizing were not the real paramilitary combatants but hired criminals , or drug dealers who had bought the AUC franchise .
Third , large quantities of arms that should have been turned over were not .
Fourth , fighters who are officially considered demobilized are in reality already active militarily in new organizations , where their skills of terrorizing the civilian population for economic gains are necessary and valued . ”
Since 2006 , there have been several government initiatives that give the formal appearance of the Colombian government working to combat paramilitaries .
Hristov explains that “ early in 2007 the Supreme Court began investigating numerous connections between paramilitaries and important state actors , such as senators , representatives , deputies , councilors , and mayors .
As time went by , the public learned of more and more cases in which the legal ( state officials with their political authority and legitimacy ) and the illegal ( paramilitary groups with their economic and military power ) had entered into alliances to advance their mutual interests .
Through mid-2008 , 38 percent of members of Congress have been implicated in this parapolitica scandal . ”
While Hristov recognizes some importance in these recent investigations , she feels that their real impact has been extremely limited .
She argues that “ despite all the cases that have been exposed , parapolitica is not likely to be eradicated from the Colombian political system .
On the contrary , the flood of revelations about politicians ’ connections to the paramilitary actually allows serious crimes , such as complicity in massacres , to get buried under waves of minor offenses , and eventually the entire issue becomes just another corruption scandal . ”
In their 2009 report on Colombia , Human Rights Watch concluded that there are many “ threats to accountability for paramilitaries ’ accomplices , ” reporting that “ the Uribe administration has repeatedly taken actions that could sabotage the investigations .
Administration officials have issued public personal attacks on the Supreme Court and its members , in some cases making accusations that have turned out to be baseless , in what increasingly looks like a campaign to discredit the court .
In mid-2008 the administration proposed a series of constitutional amendments that would have removed what are known as the ‘ parapolitics ’ investigations from the Supreme Court ’s jurisdiction , but it withdrew the proposal in November .
The administration also blocked what is known as the ’empty chair ’ bill , which would have reformed the Congress to sanction parties that had backed politicians linked to paramilitaries . ”
Hristov concludes that the centrality of paramilitaries to Colombian politics will not be disappearing anytime soon , mostly because repression has been necessary to enforce the country ’s stark social / political / economic injustice .
Hristov argues that the paramilitaries have become an essential tool of repression , and because Colombia ’s poor majority will continue to resist this outrageous poverty , the paramilitaries ’ repression will continue .
Seen in this context , the recent demobilization process is only a tactical restructuring of paramilitaries and the SCA , similar to their restructurings in the 1980s and 1990s .
Hristov sees this restructuring as an “ adaptation response ” to “ assure its future survival ” in the face of “ the reality of resistance and opposition by numerous sectors of society against further dispossession , ” with the state ’s ultimate goal being “ the institutionalization of paramilitarism and the legalization of capital accumulation through violence . ”
Farmer ’s peanut crop destroyed by fumigation .
www.justiceforcolombia.org
War on Narco - terrorists ?
Since the official end of the Cold War in 1989 , US rhetorical justification for allying itself with and providing military aid to the Colombian government has shifted from fighting “ communism ” to fighting “ narco- terrorism . ”
Hristov argues that official rhetoric may have changed but it ’s still easy to expose this fraudulent war on narco - terrorism as actually being a war against poor people .
Concerning the so - called war on terrorism , how can the hemisphere ’s worst human rights violator fight terrorism ?
Then , similar to the absurd notion of a terrorist fighting terrorism , how can a government heavily complicit in the drug trade claim that it is fighting a war on drugs ?
The Colombian government ’s multi-faceted complicity in drug trafficking extends all the way to current President Uribe , who was listed by the Pentagon itself , as one of the most wanted international drug traffickers .
A declassified National Security Archives report dated September 23 , 1991 , explicitly accused Uribe of being a collaborator of the Medellin cartel and a personal friend of Pablo Escobar .
This report states further that Uribe was one of the “ more important Colombian narco - terrorists contracted by the Colombian narcotics cartels for security , transportation , distribution , collection , and enforcement of narcotics operations in both the US and Colombia .
These individuals are also contracted as ‘ HIT MEN ’ to assassinate individuals targeted by the ‘ extraditables , ’ or individual ‘ narcotic leaders , ’ and to perform terrorist acts against Colombian officials , other government officials , law enforcement agencies , and groups of other political persuasions . ”
And it ’s not just the Colombian government .
Hristov argues that the US government ’s Drug Enforcement Agency ( DEA ) “ has in reality been converted largely to an instrument of drug traffickers and paramilitaries . ”
To support this assertion , she cites a 2004 memorandum issued by a lawyer at the US Department of Justice named Thomas M. Kent , which accused the DEA of extreme misconduct .
Kent states that strong evidence of misconduct is routinely ignored by the control agencies of the Department of Justice .
Hristov summarizes key points made in Kent ’s memorandum , including “ to supplement their $ 7,000 monthly salary , some DEA agents have managed to negotiate with Colombian drug dealers DEA personnel have been implicated in the killing of informants Members of the AUC [ paramilitaries ] have been assisted by DEA agents in money laundering DEA agents have participated in the extortion of drug traffickers awaiting extradition . ”
On another note , Hristov makes the important point that drug trafficking and the rise of paramilitaries have both fed each other in two key ways .
“ First , the groups involved in trafficking needed to protect their laboratories , illegal cultivation , and clandestine airstrips in rural areas stimulated the emergence of local armed groups outside the state .
Second , many drug dealers had begun to invest their capital in millions of hectares of the best agricultural land in the country and they needed armed forces to protect their lands . ”
Hristov adds further that “ the preexisting concentration of land ownership in the hands of the elite and the displacement of impoverished peasants was aggravated dramatically by this trend . ”
To further expose this fraudulent “ war on drugs , ” it should be noted that the US government has a long history of complicity in drug trafficking , particularly in Latin America .
While author William Blum has written the definitive short article on the topic , Alfred McCoy has written the most comprehensive book , titled The Politics of Heroin , documenting the CIA ’s relationships with drug traffickers around the world , including in France , Italy , China , Laos , Afghanistan , Haiti , and throughout Latin America .
In 1989 , a Senatorial Committee chaired by Senator John Kerry documented that during the 1980s , while working with the anti-Sandinista “ Contras , ” the CIA and other branches of the US government were complicit in trafficking cocaine into the US from Latin America .
The Kerry Committee concluded a three year investigation by stating in their report that “ there was substantial evidence of drug smuggling through the war zones on the part of individual Contras , Contra suppliers , Contra pilots , mercenaries who worked with the Contras , and Contra supporters throughout the region US officials involved in Central America failed to address the drug issue for fear of jeopardizing the war efforts against Nicaragua
In each case , one or another agency of the US government had information regarding the involvement either while it was occurring , or immediately thereafter . ”
The Kerry Committee ’s report and the story behind it has been analyzed well by authors Peter Dale Scott and Jonathan Marshall in their book Cocaine Politics .
In 1996 , investigative journalist Gary Webb wrote a series of articles for the San Jose Mercury News ( later expanded and made into a book in 1999 ) which directly tied Contra cocaine traffickers Danilo Blandon and Norwin Meneses ( both protected by the US government ) to Los Angeles drug kingpin “ Freeway ” Rick Ross , who played a key role in starting the crack - cocaine epidemic of the 1980s .
The mainstream media launched a smear campaign attacking Webb ’s story that eventually caused even the Mercury News to denounce Webb .
However , several prominent journalists came to Webb ’s defense and challenged the mainstream media ’s smear campaign , including Norman Solomon , Robert Parry , and Counterpunch co-editors Alexander Cockburn and Jeffrey St. Clair .
Unmasking The Unholy Alliance
The relationship between the US and Colombian elite is truly an unholy alliance .
With US President Barack Obama praising the Colombian government and attempting to build several new military bases in Colombia , it is more important than ever to expose the truth about who supports death squads and why .
Hopefully Blood & Capital will receive the attention that it deserves , and Hristov ’s meticulous research can be used to truly disarm the state coercive apparatus in Colombia .
Glenn Beck ’s Next Target : Cass Sunstein
Created : September 04 , 2009 15:36 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
As he makes a real impact in pushing conservative fringe attacks on Obama administration officials into the mainstream , Glenn Beck ’s Twitter feed has become a must - read .
In a message from last night , Beck told his followers to “ nominee to head the Office of Information and Regulatory Affairs , the Associate General Counsel and Chief Diversity Officer of the FCC , and the Assistant to the President for Energy and Climate Change .
Browner was also administrator of the EPA for all eight years of Bill Clinton ’s presidency .
Beck ’s ostensible purpose here is to expose the “ czars ” who ’ve been appointed by the president .
Sunstein stands out like a sore thumb , as he ’s been tied up by holds and filibusters for months , and Sen. Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) only filed for cloture on his nomination at the start of August .
How has Sunstein become so controversial ?
Basically , conservative Websites have read his iconoclastic , theoretical writing and pumped up the bits that sound really strange .
A current example comes from CNSNews.com .
Outlined in the 2008 book “ Nudge : Improving Decisions About Health , Wealth , and Happiness , ” Sunstein and co-author Richard H. Thaler argued that the main reason that more people do not donate their organs is because they are required to choose donation . …
This problem could be remedied if governments changed the laws for organ donation , they said .
Currently , unless a patient has explicitly chosen to be an organ donor , either on his driver ’s license or with a donor card , the doctors assume that the person did not want to donate and therefore do not harvest his organs .
Thaler and Sunstein called this “ explicit consent . ”
The CNSNews headline :
–
* You can follow TWI on Twitter and Facebook . *
Memory Improvement General Principles
1. Attention ( Concentration )
We may be able to do several things at once if some of them are habitual , but we can only attend to one thing at a time , especially when studying .
Often when we say we have forgotten something – it would be closer to the truth to say we never learned it because we never gave it proper attention .
2. Interest
Inattention is often due to lack of interest .
The subject of most interest to everyone is himself or herself .
Take sides in the issues and problems you read about .
Ego involvement not only promotes interest and attention , it aids intention to remember .
Give an " uninteresting subject " a chance ; if you learn something about it , this will create some interest which will promote knowledge .
Remind yourself , if necessary , of your secondary interest in the subject - the grade or credit .
Nonsense material ( material which we do not understand ) is quickly forgotten .
While the assignment may be nonsense to us at first , attempts to work through it step by step – interpreting , associating , analyzing will soon make it meaningful and interesting .
3. Intention to Remember
Bending of one 's energies toward a given end is called a mental set , and a positive , open mental set affects memory positively .
Ego involvement promotes intention to remember .
4. Confidence
When we intend to remember without having confidence that we can remember , the intention is weakened into mere hoping .
Use written notes as a prompting device , but form the habit of trying to rely on your memory before referring to your written reminders .
5. Starting Right
Be cautious in learning a new knowledge and habits right at the start .
Concentrate on accuracy , not speed , at the beginning .
A mistake is difficult to unlearn .
Become self - conscious about the error and then work slowly to replace it with the right information .
6. Selection
Concentrate on the most significant things , as it is impossible to master any subject in its entirety .
The selection should be judicious in that for some subjects the fundamentals , major ideas , concepts , patterns , and trends may be important , but in some subjects details are also important .
7. Understanding
There are two ways to memorize : by rote ( mechanically ) and by understanding .
Ideas , concepts , theories and significances and the like are learned by understanding .
The more association you have for an idea , the more meaning it will have ; the more meaningful the learning , the better one is able to retain it .
Always note similarities and differences in ideas and concepts , and put them in their proper place in a larger system of concepts and theories .
8. Building Background
The more background we have on a subject the better we form associations and discern relationships .
A well - stocked mind allows more possibilities or association between new material and previously known material .
The best way to improve your memory of a subject , hence , is to learn more about it .
9. Organization
A good memory is like a well - organized and well - maintained filing system .
When a new fact presents itself , the first consideration is whether to keep it or throw it away .
If you keep it , then you must decide where to put it .
Organization is the innate tendency of the mind and it prevails above the chaos of stimuli it can process .
Shakespeare 's 37 plays are less difficult to remember if you remember them in 3 groups : comedies , histories , tragedies .
Keep the larger pattern of the chapter and of the book as you progress through it in mind so that you can relate or hook subordinate ideas or details to the larger pattern .
Bunch ideas with , associate , or relate them to the big bones of the article , chapter or book .
10 . Recitation
Quiz or test yourself as you read through each paragraph or section .
This promotes understanding as well as faster learning because it is a more active process than reading or listening .
It also tests understanding , revealing mistakes or gaps .
Recite in your own words and read aloud difficult passages .
Auditory learners should spend more time in reciting orally what they are learning than visualizers .
11 . Notetaking [ link this to our notetaking page on the website ]
Notes should be in your own words , brief , clear but succinct .
They should be legible and neat .
Review notes when study of chapter is completed and use them to test yourself .
12 . Review
The best time to review is soon after learning has taken place .
The beginning and the end of material is best remembered , so pay close attention to the middle which is likely to be forgotten .
The peak of difficulty in remembering is just beyond the middle , toward the end .
13 . Spaced Practice or Distributed Practice
Periodic review is important – but make the sure the intervals between the practice are not too long , otherwise you might forget information .
14 . Overlearning
Reviewing something that has already been learned sufficiently is called overlearning .
The more important and the more difficult the learning , the more we should reinforce it with frequent practice .
Do n't waste your time on easy material .
15 . Sleeping Over It
Study before going to bed unless you are physically or mentally overtired .
Freshly learned material is better remembered after a period of sleep than after an equal period of daytime activity because of retroactive interference .
This may not work for everybody
A magnified image of a 1 - cm silicon waveguide , part of a " time telescope " Researchers have demonstrated a " time telescope " that could squeeze much more information into the data packets sent around the internet .
Rather than focusing information - carrying light pulses in space , like a normal lens , it focuses them in time .
The telescope comprises laser beams that combine in a tiny silicon structure to compress the pulses .
A prototype device , described in Nature Photonics , boosted the data rate of telecoms - wavelength pulses by 27 times .
A general rule in physics is that the shorter a pulse is in time , the higher its " bandwidth " - a measure of the spread of colours within it , and therefore of its information - carrying capacity .
State - of - the - art devices used in telecommunications today generate pulses with a bandwidth of 10 GHz , using standard electronics to encode information onto those pulses directly .
Purely optical systems can generate pulses with a bandwidth nearly 100,000 times higher .
However , getting the information onto the pulses , or modulating them , has been beyond the reach of the electronics that are currently used .
Light pulses are spread out in space ; if an instantaneous snapshot could be taken of them , those that are longer in time would appear physically larger .
The trick to the new work is to use " temporal lenses " that can squash comparatively long pulses in time by selectively speeding up or slowing down their different parts .
Light race
The idea uses silicon waveguides as the lenses .
A long , 10 - GHz pulse containing bits of data and a much shorter laser pulse with no information pass through one of these waveguides .
Laser pulses are as spread out in space as they are in time A race is then set up between the halves of the pulse , with the back speeding up and the front slowing down as it passes through an optical fibre .
That is due to complex interactions with the silicon , forcing the data - rich pulse to take on the temporal properties of the shorter pulse .
Just like an optical telescope , combining two of these temporal lenses creates a time telescope that can take a standard 10 GHz pulse and create an " image " of it .
That jams the same information into a pulse just one twenty - seventh as long .
" The primary limitation of this approach right now is the length of the packet that can be compressed , " said Cornell University 's Mark Foster , lead author of the research .
" Typical packets used in internet communications are much longer than 24 bits , therefore extending the time window over which compression occurs is the primary problem to be solved in future generations of this device , " he told BBC News .
Reading out the data on a light pulse is limited by the same electronics that generate them in current systems , so a " decompressing " scheme would need to be implemented on the receiving end .
However , Dr Foster said that the system , while complex , is very robust and needs relatively little power , making it potentially attractive for industrial use .
Moreover , he said , it could be applied to the fields of chemistry and biology , which can probe the most minute and fastest processes in nature - such as protein folding or chemical reactions - if only given structured pulses of sufficiently short duration .
The new method could vastly improve the ultimate time limit of these studies .
While significant work would need to be done before the world 's data rates see the benefit of the new approach , Dr Foster is still impressed with how it initially came together .
" The most surprising thing for me was seeing it all work , " he said .
" You spend a lot of time designing and modelling the system and putting it all together and it is always surprising and exciting to see it work as well as you imagined it would . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" De lo que hagamos o dejemos de hacer depender� construir un futuro alentador " , se�ala el titular de la SHCP , Agust�n Carstens
Una de las medidas propuestas por Carstens , en la imagen junto al diputado Francisco Ram�rez Acu�a , indica la nula creaci�n de plazas dentro de las dependencias p�blicas en 2010 .
( Foto : Luc�a God�nez / ELUNIVERSAL )
Ciudad de M�xico | Martes 08 de septiembre de 2009
Jos� Manuel Arteaga | El Universal
19:23
Favorite Answer
It sounds like your smelling marijuana .
Those other drugs you are talking about tend to smell like ummm , similar to fresh paint or magic markers , it 's hard to describe verbally .
I work at a police dept .
as a dispatcher and I 've never smelled that " sweet " smell that you are talking about but i too have read that as a description of the drug .
I do not think you need to worry about the fumes or the smoke getting into the baby 's lungs if your neighbor is across the street .
or next door .
Not even if you are in an apartment and his apt .
is near yours .
It just does not really work that way .
The precautions should just be the activity going on around your home and maybe report some suspicious activity to your local police dept .
Chances are they will smell it and be able to act on it themselves .
Good luck .
PS : all shot ?
that 's a little extreme .
I often see people confuse different ways MySQL can use indexing , getting wrong ideas on what query performance they should expect .
There are 3 main ways how MySQL can use the indexes for query execution , which are not mutually exclusive , in fact some queries will use indexes for all 3 purposes listed here .
Using index to find rows
The main purpose of the index is to find rows quickly – without scanning whole data set .
This is most typical reason index gets added on the first place .
Most popular index type in MySQL – BTREE can speed up equality and prefix range matches .
So if you have index on ( A , B ) This index can be used to lookup rows for WHERE clauses like A=5 ; A BETWEEN 5 AND 10 ; A=5 AND B BETWEEN 5 AND 10 it however will NOT be able to help lookup rows for B BETWEEN 5 AND 10 predicate because it is not index prefix .
It is important to look at key_len column in explain plan to see how many index parts are actually used for row lookup .
Very common problem I see is multi column indexes which are used but only to their short prefix which is not very selective .
A lot of this mistakes come from missing one very important MySQL limitation – once MySQL runs into the interval range it will not use any further index parts .
If you have A BETWEEN 5 AND 10 AND B=5 for the same index MySQL will use the index … but it will only use A prefix for row lookups and scan whole A BETWEEN 5 AND 10 range .
It is interesting to note this limitation only applies to interval ranges – for enumerated ranges MySQL will use both key parts .
Hence if you change this predicate to A IN ( 5,6,7,8,9,10 ) AND B=5 you will quite likely see improved query performance .
Beware however of large nested enumerated ranges they are very hard on the optimizer .
This just describes how MySQL uses single index – there are more complex rules of how indexes will be used if you look at multiple indexes usage with “ index merge ”
Using Index to Sort Data
Another great benefit of BTREE index is – it allows to retrieve data in sorted form hence avoiding external sort process for executing of queries which require sorting .
Using index for sorting often comes together with using index to find rows , however it can also be used just for sort for example if you ’re just using ORDER BY without and where clauses on the table .
In such case you would see “ Index ” type in explain which correspond to scanning ( potentially ) complete table in the index order .
It is very important to understand in which conditions index can be used to sort data together with restricting amount of rows .
Looking at the same index ( A , B ) things like ORDER BY A ; ORDER BY A, B ; ORDER BY A DESC , B DESC will be able to use full index for sorting ( note MySQL may not select to use index for sort if you sort full table without a limit ) .
However ORDER BY B or ORDER BY A , B DESC will not be able to use index because requested order does not line up with the order of data in BTREE .
If you have both restriction and sorting things like this would work A=5 ORDER BY B ; A=5 ORDER BY B DESC ; A>5 ORDER BY A ; A>5 ORDER BY A, B ; A>5 ORDER BY A DESC which again can be easily visualized as scanning a range in BTREE .
Things like this however would not work A>5 ORDER BY B , A>5 ORDER BY A , B DESC or A IN ( 3,4 ) ORDER BY B – in these cases getting data in sorting form would require a bit more than simple range scan in the BTREE and MySQL decides to pass it on .
There are some workarounds you can use though .
Using index to read data
Some storage engines ( MyISAM and Innodb included ) can also use index to read the data , hence avoiding to read the row data itself .
This is not simply savings of having 2 reads per index entry instead of one but it can save IO orders of magnitude in some cases – Indexes are sorted ( at least on the page boundary ) so doing index range scan you typically get many index entries from the same page but the rows itself can be scattered across many pages requiring potentially a lot of IOs .
On top of that if you just need access to couple of columns
index can be simply much smaller than the data which is one of the reason covering indexes help to speed up queries even if data is in memory .
If MySQL is only reading index and not accessing rows you will see “ using index ” in EXPLAIN output .
These are the main “ core ” use for indexes .
You can also see others like using index for group by but I think they can be pretty much looked as one of these 3 ways described .
Text messaging haters , avert your eyes : another study shows that text speak is n't hurting kids ' ability to spell .
A recent study out of the University of Alberta says that kids who are well - versed in proper spelling are not only unaffected by the atrocities introduced by shortened words and text slang , they actually use complex structures when chatting with each other in addition to new words .
The study , published in Reading and Writing , involved third - year psychology students led by Professor Connie Varnhagen to examine minors ' text usage habits .
The group surveyed 40 students between the ages of 12 and 17 , asking them to save their instant messages for a week and then complete a standardized spelling test at the end of the survey .
What they found was not what everyone has come to expect — that kids who engage heavily in abbreviated chat would perform poorly on spelling tests — but that kids ' text speak generally mirrored their real - life skills .
" Kids who are good spellers [ academically ] are good spellers in instant messaging , " Varnhagen said .
" And kids who are poor spellers in English class are poor spellers in instant messaging . "
This was the general result across the entire sample , though there were apparently some differences that came down over gender lines .
The report notes that girls tended to use text speak more than boys , " who preferred to express themselves through repeated use of punctuation . " (!?!?!?!?!)
Additionally , boys who frequently used text speak and abbreviations were less likely to be good spellers , while the opposite was true of girls — girls who used more abbreviations tended to be better spellers than girls who did not .
This could be an indication that girls who use abbreviations have a better understanding of the language and how it relates to " normal " spelling .
The researchers also noted that the kids were using an unexpected number of new words when chatting with each other .
" We would have to decipher the meaning of the language with online dictionaries or by asking younger siblings , " one of the student researchers , Nicole Pugh , said .
Varnhagen added that using this " new type of language " and translating it to standard English requires more concentration and attention than simply sticking to English , akin to " a little brain workout . "
These findings are actually unsurprising , given the number of other recent studies that seem to draw the same conclusion .
One report published in the March 2009 issue of the British Journal of Developmental Psychology said that children who use " textisms " on mobile phones tend to have a better grasp of word reading , vocabulary , and phonological awareness .
Additionally , the University of Toronto released a study in 2006 saying that expertise in " IM speak , " which is comparatively similar to that of text messaging , does not affect students ' writing in any meaningful way .
Of course , there will always be detractors ( likely parents and teachers whose brains are exploding trying to decipher the abbreviations ) .
For example , Ireland 's State Examination Commission claimed in 2007 that text messaging was indeed hurting kids ' language skills .
It should be noted , however , that an extensive study was not carried out in this case ; the examiner 's complaints were based largely on observation and the rise in text messaging 's popularity .
Given the number of reports that seem to contradict this claim , however , you can color us skeptical .
But parents have reacted angrily after some youngsters were apparently left in tears by the news .
They claim that the head teacher should have informed parents of the matter beforehand , so that they could have discussed gender issues with their children .
Intel has showcased IIS Smooth Streaming running on Windows 7 but also on a Moblin device based on their Atom processor on September 23rd during Intel Development Forum 2009 .
This indicates an effort to port Silverlight to Linux separate than Moonlight .
Intel wants to “ fuel the growth of Intel Atom - based products designed for the mobile lifestyle ” , said Renee James , VP and GM at Intel Software and Services Group , because " the netbook has become one of the most popular consumer devices in the market today , but its true potential has been limited by applications that are not optimized for its mobility and smaller screen size . ”
Several large computer manufacturers have announced the launch of netbooks based on Moblin : Dell , Acer , Asus , and Samsung .
Several Linux distributors , like Canonical , CS2C , Linpus , Mandriva , Novell , Phoenix and Turbolinux , have also announced operating systems based on Moblin 2 .
Atom - based devices can run Windows but also Moblin , an open source custom Fedora - based Linux operating system targeted at netbooks , handhelds , smart phones and car computers .
Intel started the Moblin project in 2007 then passed it over to the Linux Foundation .
Intel demonstrated IIS Smooth Streaming running both on Windows 7 and Moblin on Atom devices , and promised to make Silverlight available to be run on Moblin early next year .
This is done by having a partnership with Microsoft which gives the Silverlight ’s source code and test suites to Intel which in return will give Microsoft a version of Silverlight ported to Moblin .
When that happens , applications developed for Windows / Atom will be also running on Moblin .
Microsoft sees this as
a clear extension of our current efforts with Novell where we are building an open source implementation of Silverlight called “ Moonlight ” that is targeted at the broad range of Linux–based PCs .
The reason of having yet another port of Silverlight to Linux is unclear but it might be pushed by Intel who wants to support Flash on Atom devices and Microsoft might not want to miss this opportunity , especially since the whole porting effort is supported by Intel .
It is also not clear if Silverlight applications will run on a .NET runtime or will be ported to Moblin native code .
The later seems more likely .
On the morning of March 4 , 1998 , a search party went in search of National Guard Captain Gordon Hess .
His company commander had ordered the men to scour the base in Fort Knox , Kentucky ;
Hess had gone missing the previous evening .
They found the man , lying at the bottom of the ravine , dead .
When he was rolled over his face was purple ; rigor mortis had set in .
The four men that found him did not see the knife that was later to appear in crime scene photos .
All they saw was a 38 - year - old man with more than 20 stab wounds .
The autopsy was performed the following day by Doctor Peter W. Schilke 1 .
He found :
6 stab wounds to the neck
2 stab wounds which pierced the heart
1 that sliced the liver
4 that pierced the lung
26 Stab wounds all told .
Being a reasonable man , Dr. Shilke pronounced the death a Suicide .
His reasoning was :
Hess 's money was still in his wallet .
The wounds to the neck were superficial
The wounds to the chest were hesitation wounds 2 .
.
There were no defensive wounds , the wounds normally found to the forearms and hands that indicate a person is fighting for their life .
The handling of the crime scene was less than exemplary .
Within two days Army Command had ordered the area buried in two tons of dirt , along with any contradictory evidence .
According to the Army , this was done to contain the biohazard of blood and viscera that Hess 's unfortunate demise had left .
I hate to be a nitpicker , but it bares repeating :
The Army dumped two tons of dirt on the crime scene of an open investigation .
One that had already been contaminated by several groups of Army Personnel .
The family was not entirely convinced of the Army 's appraisal of the situation , and a second autopsy was performed by Dr. Sung - ook Baik3 .
He ruled that Hess 's death was a homicide .
Since the two autopsies performed , the family of the deceased has contracted an independent investigation into the death of Captain Hess .
Summary of Findings By Independent Review
The knife wounds to the heart and lungs are fatal wounds .
It is unlikely Hess could have continued in his efforts after he had made even one .
He would have been incapacitated .
Hess , an EMT , would not have needed to stab himself so many times to take his own life .
Two of the knife wounds land in the same area , which is inconsistent with suicide .
The knife wounds are inconsistent with hesitation wounds .
The knife that was entered into evidence by the Army as the method of death had no blood on it .
The knife found at the scene had a 2 1 / 2 inch non-locking blade , while some of Hess 's stab wounds are 3 inches deep and perforated bone .
Giving the Army the Benefit of the Doubt
In light of the above information , this is the only story that incorporates all of the conflicting reports :
Hesse , distraught over a failed simulation exercise4 , jogs to the ravine on the afternoon of the 3rd , and takes out his knife .
He reflects on the things he would be giving up : his wife , his family , the 400 + page book on Panzer Battles he had purchased and started reading the evening before .
He stabs himself in the chest , piercing the left ventricle of his heart .
His toxicology report was negative for drugs or alcohol and a most men would have been killed by such a fatal wound .
But he perserveres through 25 more stab wounds .
When he is finished , he wipes the knife clean of all blood or fingerprints ( despite he himself being drenched in blood ) , and places it where only the army forensics team , and not the search party , will be able to find it .
The cold shrinks the blade a half inch , and he flings himself into the ravine to die , face down .
To this day , the Army considers Gordon Hess 's death a suicide .
“ The selection of Bryan as the captain of our club was something that became obvious to our staff after working with him for the past year , ” said DeBoer .
“ He exudes all of the attributes you look for in a leader and will be a natural extension of the coaches and our message into the dressing room . ” McCabe , 34 , has previously served as captain of the NY Islanders during the 1997 - 98 campaign and also served as an assistant captain with each team he has played for over his 14 - year playing career ( NY Islanders , Vancouver , Chicago , Toronto , Florida ) .
The Calgary , Alberta native has played in 986 National Hockey League games , registering 457 points ( 130-327-457 ) and 1,615 PIM .
McCabe , who was acquired by Florida from the Toronto Maple Leafs on Sept. 2 , 2008 , played in 69 games with Florida last season scoring 15 goals with 24 assists .
He joins Brian Skrudland ( 1993-97 ) , Scott Mellanby ( 1997-2001 ) , Paul Laus / Pavel Bure ( 2001 - 02 ) and Olli Jokinen ( 2005 - 08 ) as the other team captain ’s in the club ’s 16 - year history .
Sunrise Sports & Entertainment is the premier company of its kind in South Florida .
Follow us on Twitter MySpace and YouTube .
Home to more than 200 events annually and the Florida Panthers Hockey Club , the BankAtlantic Center was a finalist for Arena of the Year in annual awards given by trade publication Pollstar .
The BankAtlantic Center welcomes more than two million guests each year and is also the home of Sawgrass Live presented by BankAtlantic .
-WWW .
FLORIDAPANTHERS.COM -
I ’ve started this blog for New Generations on the Internet .
However , it is now Helping Thousands of Users online .
At How To Download blog , we provide a lot of useful information on How to Downloads from the Internet , Mobile and Tech Tips , Gadgets , and Reviews .
[ Note to TomDispatch Readers : I 'll be on the road for the next week with limited email access .
I may not be answering letters and requests .
Be patient .
For those of you living in the Santa Fe , New Mexico area , this Wednesday night ( October 21st ) at 7 pm at the Lensic Performing Arts Center I 'll be introducing TomDispatch regular Rebecca Solnit and chatting with her after she reads from her works .
She 's a national treasure , so come listen in .
Tom ]
If you want a picture of how Washington deals with American war - making today , check out a moment from NBC's October 11th " Meet the Press . "
David Gregory , the show 's moderator , is conducting a round - table discussion with former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff General Richard Myers , Senator Lindsey Graham , Senator Carl Levin , and retired General Barry McCaffrey ( one of those generals who now spends his time on television explaining our wars to us ) .
At one point , Gregory asks : " Can we beat the Taliban ? " General McCaffrey 's reply starts this way : " Well , I , I think in 10 years of $ 5 billion a month and with a significant front - end security component , we can leave an Afghan national army and police force and a viable government and roads and universities .
But it 's a time constraint that we can't change things in 18 to 24 months .
So I think we got to lower expectations . "
Now , if you were a normal citizen , you might begin frantically calculating : $ 5 billion a month ... 12 months in a year ... $ 60 billion a year ... times 10 years ... $ 600 billion dollars .
If , in fact , the number of U.S. troops or trainers and advisors rises significantly and the U.S. commitment to the war rises as well , this will surely prove a gross underestimate .
But leaving that aside , you , the normal , reasonable human being , might at this point say something like : " Hold on , general , $ 600 billion more dollars ?
Ten years ?
And where 's that money coming from ?
And is that really how you want to invest taxpayer dollars -- in another supposedly too - big - to - fail bailout ? "
Or , of course , you might just jump up and yell , " Have you lost your senses ? "
But of course this is Washington where such numbers for American war - fighting are so ho -hum , so run -of - the - mill , that none of the other participants even thinks to comment on or question them or stops for a second in wonder .
In fact , when McCaffrey is done , here 's how Gregory begins his response : " Just with , with very little time left , I want to get to two other issues .
The president spoke last night at the Human Rights Campaign dinner and spoke about ' Do n't Ask , Don't Tell ' ... "
And so it goes in " wartime " Washington .
Jo Comerford , a TomDispatch newcomer , runs the National Priorities Project , whose mission is to analyze " complex federal spending data and translate it into easy - to - understand information about how federal tax dollars are spent . "
Its site even has a " cost of war " counter , constantly twirling as the dollars rise in dizzying fashion .
Here , as a numbers cruncher , she makes the most basic point of all :
Whoever may be losing in our country , others are cashing in their chips and I 'm not just talking about Goldman Sachs .
After all , there 's also the " war dividend . "
Tom
So you thought the Pentagon was already big enough ?
Well , what do you know , especially with the price of the American military slated to grow by at least 25 % over the next decade ?
Forget about the butter .
It 's bad for you anyway .
And sheer military power , as well as the money behind it , assures the country of a thick waistline without the cholesterol .
So , let 's sing the praises of perpetual war .
We better , since right now every forecast in sight tells us that it 's our future .
The tired peace dividend tug boat left the harbor two decades ago , dragging with it laughable hopes for universal health care and decent public education .
Now , the mighty USS War Dividend is preparing to set sail .
The economic weather reports may be lousy and the seas choppy , but one thing is guaranteed : that wo n't stop it .
The United States , of course , long ago captured first prize in the global arms race .
It now spends as much as the next 14 countries combined , even as the spending of our rogue enemies and former enemies -- Cuba , Iran , Libya , North Korea , Sudan , and Syria -- much in the headlines for their prospective armaments , makes up a mere 1 % of the world military budget .
Still , when you 're a military superpower focused on big - picture thinking , there 's no time to dawdle on the details .
And be reasonable , who could expect the U.S. to fight two wars and maintain more than 700 bases around the world for less than the $ 704 billion we 'll shell out to the Pentagon in 2010 ?
But here 's what few Americans grasp and you are n't going to read about in your local paper either : according to Department of Defense projections , the baseline military budget -- just the bare bones , not those billions in war - fighting extras -- is projected to increase by 2.5 % each year for the next 10 years .
In other words , in the next decade the basic Pentagon budget will grow by at least $ 133.1 billion , or 25 % .
When it comes to the health of the war dividend in economically bad times , if that 's not good news , what is ?
As anyone at the Pentagon will be quick to tell you , it 's a real bargain , a steal , at least compared to the two - term presidency of George W. Bush .
Then , that same baseline defense budget grew by an astonishing 38 % .
If the message is n't already clear enough , let me summarize : it 's time for the Departments of Housing and Urban Development , Transportation , Health and Human Services , Labor , Education , and Veterans Affairs to suck it up .
After all , Americans , however unemployed , foreclosed , or unmedicated , will only be truly secure if the Pentagon is exceedingly well fed .
According to the Office of Management and Budget , what that actually means is this : 55 % of next year 's discretionary spending -- that is , the spending negotiated by the President and Congress -- will go to the military just to keep it chugging along .
The 14 million American children in poverty , the millions of citizens who will remain without health insurance ( even if some version of the Baucus plan is passed ) , the 7.6 million people who have lost jobs since 2007 , all of them will have to take a number .
The same is true of the kinds of projects needed to improve the country 's disintegrating infrastructure , including the 25 % of U.S. drinking water that was given a barely passing " D " by the American Society of Civil Engineers in a 2009 study .
And do n't imagine that this is a terrible thing either !
There 's no shame in paying $ 400 for every gallon of gas used in Afghanistan , especially when the Marines alone are reported to consume 800,000 gallons of it each day .
After all , the evidence is in : a few whiners aside , Americans want our tax dollars used this way .
Otherwise we 'd complain , and no one makes much of a fuss about war or the ever - rising numbers of dollars going to it anymore .
$ 915.1 billion in total Iraq and Afghanistan war spending to date has been a no - brainer , even if it could , theoretically , have been traded in for the annual salaries of 15 million teachers or 20 million police officers or for 171 million Pell Grants of approximately $ 5,350 each for use by American college and university students .
Next March , we will collectively reach a landmark in this new version of the American way of life .
We will hit the $ 1 trillion mark in total Iraq and Afghanistan war spending with untold years of war - making to go .
No problem .
It 's only the proposed nearly $ 900 billion for a decade of health care that we fear will do us in .
Nor is it the Pentagon 's fault that U.S. states have laws prohibiting them from deficit spending .
The 48 governors and state legislatures now struggling with budget deficits should stop complaining and simply be grateful for their ever smaller slices of the federal pie .
Between 2001 and 2008 , federal grant funding for state and local governments lagged behind the 28 % growth of the federal budget by 14 % , while military spending outpaced federal budget growth with a 41 % increase .
There is every reason to believe that this is a trend , not an anomaly , which means that Title 1 , Head Start , Community Development Block Grants , and the Children 's Health Insurance Program will just have to make do with less .
In fact , if you want a true measure of what 's important to our nation , think of it this way : if you add together the total 2010 budgets of all those 48 states in deficit , they wo n't even equal projected U.S. military spending for the same year .
Take the situation of Massachusetts , for example .
Yankee spirit or not , that state will see a 17.3 % decrease in federal grants in 2010 no matter how hard Governor Deval Patrick wrings his hands .
True to the American way , Patrick 's projected $ 5 billion fiscal year 2010 deficit will be his problem and his alone , as is his state 's recently - announced $ 600 million budget shortfall for 2009 .
Blame it on declining tax revenue and the economic crisis , on things that are beyond his control .
No matter , Patrick will have to make deep cuts to elderly mental health services and disabled home - care programs , and lose large chunks of funding for universal pre-kindergarten , teacher training , gifted and talented programs in the schools , and so much more .
Still , that Commonwealth 's politicians are clearly out of step with the country .
On October 9 , 2009 , Boston Mayor Thomas Menino joined with Congressman Barney Frank in calling on President Obama to find extra money for such programs by reducing military spending 25 % .
President Obama , cover your ears !
Menino , who actually believes that a jump in military spending contributed to " significantly raising the federal deficit and lowering our economic security , " asked the federal government to be a better partner to Boston by reinvesting in its schools , public housing , transportation , and job - training programs , especially for young people .
Of course , this is delusional , as any Pentagon budgeteer could tell you .
This is n't some Head Start playground , after all , it 's the battlefield of American life .
Tough it out , Menino .
One principle has , by now , come to dominate our American world , even if nobody seems to notice : do whatever it takes to keep federal dollars flowing for weapons systems ( and the wars that go with them ) .
And do n't count on the Pentagon to lend a hand by having a bake sale any time soon ; do n't expect it to voluntarily cut back on major weapons systems without finding others to take their place .
If , as a result , our children are less likely to earn high school and college diplomas than we were , that 's what prisons and the Marines are for .
So let 's break a bottle of champagne -- or , if the money comes out of a state budget , Coke -- on the bow of the USS War Dividend !
And send it off on its next voyage without an iceberg in sight .
Let the corks pop .
Let the bubbly drown out that Harvard University report indicating that 45,000 deaths last year were due to a lack of health insurance .
Hip hip ...
Jo Comerford is the executive director of the National Priorities Project .
Previously , she served as director of programs at the Food Bank of Western Massachusetts and directed the American Friends Service Committee 's justice and peace - related community organizing efforts in western Massachusetts .
[ Note on sources : For more information and many of the figures on defense spending in this piece , see the National Priorities Project 's Security Spending Primer : Getting Smart About The Pentagon Budget , which can be found at the top of the project 's website .
The Primer answers the most frequently asked questions about , and supplies the most commonly requested information on , the Pentagon budget and U.S. military spending .
Note also that Jo Comerford can be seen in Robert Greenwald 's striking new film Rethink Afghanistan . ]
That brand of naive hubris has been dealt several blows during the 20th century , beginning with the cautionary arguments of philosophers of science concerned with the epistemic limits to human knowledge , and continuing with scientists themselves demonstrating that nature imposes severe constraints on our ability to make predictions .
To name a few examples , relativity theory imposes limits to how fast information can be transferred ( the speed of light ) ; chaos theory tells us that the behavior of complex non-linear systems cannot be predicted after a few time steps , despite the fact that these systems are deterministic ; quantum mechanics says that we cannot measure all the properties of a particle at the same time ( Heisenberg ’s principle ) ; and complex systems theory has established the principle of intractability , which shows that the behavior of some physical systems cannot be predicted before actual observation of such systems .
Nonetheless , many physicists still talk about a “
Well , call off the search for a theory of everything .
Physicist David Wolpert , in an article published in the prestigious Physica D ( vol. 237 , pp. 1257–1281 , 2008 ) , has shown that -- at best -- we can achieve a theory of almost everything .
Wolpert ’s work is very technical , but its implications are spectacular .
Unlike the above mentioned limits to knowledge , which come out of empirical disciplines , Wolpert used logic to prove his point , following in the steps of the famous
Basically , Wolpert -- building on previous work by
An important point to be appreciated is that Wolpert ’s demonstration is completely independent of the computational characteristics of the machines , as well as of the details of the particular laws of physics to be uncovered .
This is a general result based on logic , not one contingent on technology or the particular kind of universe under investigation .
In a bit plainer terms , this means that there are absolute , logical limits to the ability of any method for acquiring knowledge ( including , obviously , human science ) to produce a comprehensive theory of the world -- i.e. , no true theory of everything is actually possible , say bye bye to Laplace ’s Demon , and by implication to the idea of determinism .
Before pseudoscientists , creationists , mysticists and assorted charlatans start jumping up and down with joy and declare the end of science , however , let me add the following : Pierre - Simon de Laplace , the 18th century French astronomer who proposed one of the early theories of the formation of the solar system , famously postulated a “ Demon ” who had enough information to know what would happen in any place in the universe at any time .
It was the height of mechanistic and deterministic hubris in science , and it seemed that it was only a matter of time before physicists would find out everything there was to find out about the way the world works
That brand of naive hubris has been dealt several blows during the 20th century , beginning with the cautionary arguments of philosophers of science concerned with the epistemic limits to human knowledge , and continuing with scientists themselves demonstrating that nature imposes severe constraints on our ability to make predictions .
To name a few examples , relativity theory imposes limits to how fast information can be transferred ( the speed of light ) ; chaos theory tells us that the behavior of complex non-linear systems cannot be predicted after a few time steps , despite the fact that these systems are deterministic ; quantum mechanics says that we cannot measure all the properties of a particle at the same time ( Heisenberg ’s principle ) ; and complex systems theory has established the principle of intractability , which shows that the behavior of some physical systems cannot be predicted before actual observation of such systems .
Nonetheless , many physicists still talk about a “ theory of everything , ” a rather grandiose way to refer to a mathematical theory that unifies the fundamental forces of nature into one ( hopefully simple ) equation .
The increasingly acrimonious debate about string theory and whether it can unify the so far disjunct theories of general relativity and quantum mechanics has been the crux of research in fundamental physics for decades now .
( Amusingly , the skeptics have been very active recently , with books with openly provocative titles , like Not Even Wrong . )
Well , call off the search for a theory of .
Physicist David Wolpert , in an article published in the prestigious Physica D ( vol. 237 , pp. 1257–1281 , 2008 ) , has shown that -- at best -- we can achieve a theory ofeverything .
Wolpert ’s work is very technical , but its implications are spectacular .
Unlike the above mentioned limits to knowledge , which come out of empirical disciplines , Wolpert used logic to prove his point , following in the steps of the famous incompleteness theorem demonstrated by Kurt Godel in 1931 .
( An accessible summary of Wolpert ’s discovery can be found in an article by P. - M. Binder in Nature , 16 October 2008 . )
Basically , Wolpert -- building on previous work by Alan Turing -- formalized a description of “ inference machines , ” i.e. machines capable of arriving at inferences about the world ( human beings are one example of such machines ) .
Wolpert focused on what he calls strong inference , the ability of one machine to predict the totality of conclusions arrived at by another similar machine .
Wolpert then logically proved the following two conclusions : a )
For every machine capable of conducting strong inferences on the totality of the laws of physics there will be a second machine that cannot be strongly inferred from the first one ; b)
Given any pair of such machines , they cannot be strongly inferred from each other .
An important point to be appreciated is that Wolpert ’s demonstration is completely independent of the computational characteristics of the machines , as well as of the details of the particular laws of physics to be uncovered .
This is a general result based on logic , not one contingent on technology or the particular kind of universe under investigation .
In a bit plainer terms , this means that there are absolute , logical limits to the ability of any method for acquiring knowledge ( including , obviously , human science ) to produce a comprehensive theory of the world -- i.e. , no true theory of everything is actually possible , say bye bye to Laplace ’s Demon , and by implication to the idea of determinism .
Before pseudoscientists , creationists , mysticists and assorted charlatans start jumping up and down with joy and declare the end of science , however , let me add the following :
First , science still remains by far the best ( one could argue the only ) way to understand the world , and the fact that its power is limited by the characteristics of the human mind , those of the physical universe , and by the laws of logic is just something that we have to live with .
No “ alternative ” approach has come even close to doing any better .
Second , it is a scientist -- not a parapsychologist , a creationist or a mystic -- who has demonstrated the new theorem , which both reinforces the point that alternative forms of knowledge about the world do n’t actually produce knowledge and that scientists , unlike practitioners of nonsense , relish the challenges posed by the world as it really is , as opposed to how we would wish it to be .
Besides , the next time you hear a pseudoscientist blabber about quantum telepathy , ask him if he knows about Wolpert ’s theorem -- and savor the blank stare that will surely follow .
Left , photograph by Nigel Parry / CPi Syndication .
Right , photograph by Mark Seliger .
Watch a behind - the - scenes video of Mark Seliger 's photo shoot with Levi Johnston .
Three days after Sarah Palin was announced as the Republican vice - presidential candidate , the McCain campaign released a statement saying that her 17 - year - old unwed daughter , Bristol , was pregnant .
The baby 's father , an 18 - year - old former hometown hockey star , was thus thrust into the national spotlight .
In the October issue of Vanity Fair , Levi Johnston explains what happened behind the curtains of the campaign — and inside the Palin home .
For " Me and Mrs. Palin , " Johnston tells Vanity Fair his story about life with the Palin family — with whom he lived for two months after the election — over the course of his two - and - a - half - year relationship with Bristol .
He turns a number of commonly held beliefs about the former governor — the purportedly loving mother , devoted wife , and prolific hunter — upside down .
The Palin house was much different from what many people expect of a normal family , even before she was nominated for vice president .
There was n't much parenting in that house .
Sarah does n't cook ,
Todd does n't cook — the kids would do it all themselves : cook , clean , do the laundry , and get ready for school .
Most of the time Bristol would help her youngest sister with her homework , and I 'd barbecue chicken or steak on the grill .
Even before Palin became John McCain 's running mate , she seemed worried about what a grandchild would do to her political career .
According to Johnston , she had a plan for how to handle her daughter 's unexpected pregnancy .
Sarah told me she had a great idea : we would keep it a secret — nobody would know that Bristol was pregnant .
She told me that once Bristol had the baby she and Todd would adopt him .
That way , she said , Bristol and I did n't have to worry about anything .
Sarah kept mentioning this plan .
She was nagging — she would n't give up .
She would say , " So , are you gonna let me adopt him ? "
We both kept telling her we were definitely not going to let her adopt the baby .
I think Sarah wanted to make Bristol look good , and she did n't want people to know that her 17 - year - old daughter was going to have a kid .
After the campaign , Johnston watched Palin turn into a different person .
The result back home in Alaska was a woman ready to turn in elected office for money .
Sarah was sad for a while .
She walked around the house pouting .
I had assumed she was going to go back to her job as governor , but a week or two after she got back she started talking about how nice it would be to quit and write a book or do a show and make " triple the money . "
It was , to her , " not as hard . "
She would blatantly say , " I want to just take this money and quit being governor . "
She started to say it frequently , but she did n't know how to do it .
When she came home from work , it seemed like she was more and more stressed out .
The October issue of Vanity Fair hits newsstands in New York and Los Angeles on September 2 and nationwide on September 8 .
Fail and You Oh , Apple Computer .
What sorts of antics are you into this month ?
Since the iPhone was released two years ago , watching Apple keep its obsessive vise grip on the device while trying to promote third party application development has been one solid I - did n't - know - you - could - do - that after another .
Battle the recording industry for liberal music licensing terms and build the largest online music store , all the while living out the RIAA 's wet dream by manually approving every bit of code that runs on a computing device ?
I did n't know you could do that .
Being run by an ex-hippie CEO who used to spike his Oolong tea with LSD , and then carrying on Jerry Falwell 's legacy by protecting the children from iPhone programs that show a bit too much skin ?
I did n't know you could do that .
Have a board member whose own company makes a device that directly competes with your bread and butter ?
Well , I knew you could do that in Silicon Valley , because we 're all such good friends .
That is , at least , until the old crusties from AT&T show up with their Geritol and single letter ticker symbol .
Here in the Valley , we run more at a line - of - blow - off - a - stripper 's - ass speed , so when Apple rejected the Google Voice application for the iPhone , everyone suspected that AT&T strong - armed them into kicking the Google to the curb .
In fact , the move was so out of character that the US Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) - the governmental agency responsible for keeping seven dirty words off the public airwaves - started asking questions .
Well , Apple got all butthurt and went on the defensive , posting an open reply to the FCC on their website .
Apple 's fast - talking response is very to - the - letter , and it reminds me of stores that sell " body massagers " in places where vibrators are illegal .
The FCC asks : " Why did Apple reject the Google Voice application for iPhone and remove related third - party applications from its App Store ? "
According to accounts I 've read of the process , Apple 's usual response to questions of this sort is " Go fuck yourself , " but maybe the FCC gets a bit more delicate treatment .
Apple replies : " Contrary to published reports , Apple has not rejected the Google Voice application , and continues to study it . "
What is it , a fucking math problem ?
Good Lord , do n't you people make computers for a living ?
Maybe they 're applying the tradition of ignoring the client until he either forgets about what was happening or dies .
Apple continues : " The iPhone user ’s entire Contacts database is transferred to Google ’s servers , and we have yet to obtain any assurances from Google that this data will only be used in appropriate ways .
These factors present several new issues and questions to us that we are still pondering at this time . "
Once a developer has access to a piece of data , he can copy it and do with it anything inside the realm of Turing completeness , but this is the type of control that the RIAA drools over .
I think that Eric Schmidt needs to drive down to Cupertino and make Steve Jobs ponder how to remove a foot from an ass .
Panel : Electrical grid vulnerable to terrorist attack WASHINGTON 
It sounds like a science - fiction disaster : A nuclear weapon is detonated miles above the Earth 's atmosphere and knocks out power from New York City to Chicago for weeks , maybe months .
Experts and lawmakers are increasingly warning that terrorists or enemy states could wage that exact type of attack , idling electricity grids and disrupting everything from communications networks to military defenses .
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission is pushing Congress for authority to require power companies to take protective steps , which could include building metal shields around sensitive computer equipment .
An expert panel that Congress created to study such an attack says it would halt banking , transportation , food , water and emergency services and " might result in defeat of our military forces . "
" The consequences would be catastrophic , " said Joseph McClelland , director of the energy commission 's Office of Electric Reliability .
" It would bring down the whole grid and cost between $ 1 trillion and $ 2 trillion " to repair , said Rep. Roscoe Bartlett , R - Md .
Full recovery could take up to 10 years , he said .
The scenario involves a phenomenon called an " electromagnetic pulse , " or EMP , which is essentially a huge energy wave strong enough to knock out systems that control electricity flow across the country .
A nuclear explosion 25 to 250 miles above the Earth 's surface would be high enough that the blast would n't damage buildings or spread a lethal radioactive cloud .
Even so , at that height , the pulse would fan out hundreds of miles .
The immediate effect would resemble a blackout .
Although blackouts can be restored quickly , an EMP could damage or destroy power systems , leaving them inoperable for months or longer .
House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Bennie Thompson , D - Miss. , is pushing a bill to give the energy commission broad authority .
At a committee hearing in July , Steve Naumann of energy giant Exelon said the authority should be limited to " true emergency situations . "
The commission studying the threat says the U.S. is ill - prepared to prevent or recover from an EMP , a vulnerability could invite an attack .
" We are not well - protected at all , " said Michael Frankel , who was executive director of the commission .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Adblock Plus breaks the upload functionality .
Please disable it .
Christina Vlahakis
Home from s 25 images
32.6 Mail Amusements
M-x spook adds a line of randomly chosen keywords to an outgoing mail message .
The keywords are chosen from a list of words that suggest you are discussing something subversive .
The idea behind this feature is the suspicion that the NSA16 and other intelligence agencies snoop on all electronic mail messages that contain keywords suggesting they might find them interesting .
( The agencies say that they do n’t , but that ’s what they would say . )
The idea is that if lots of people add suspicious words to their messages , the agencies will get so busy with spurious input that they will have to give up reading it all .
Whether or not this is true , it at least amuses some people .
You can use the fortune program to put a fortune cookie message into outgoing mail .
To do this , add fortune - to - signature to mail - setup - hook :
( add - hook ' mail - setup-hook ' fortune - to- signature )
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The worst U.S. recession since the Great Depression will probably end in the third quarter , but uncertainty exists over the speed and duration of the economic recovery , according to the most recent survey of private economists .
The Blue Chip Economic Indicators survey of private economists released on Monday showed about 90 percent of the respondents surveyed believe the economic downturn will be declared to have ended this quarter .
This upbeat assessment followed recent government data showing gross domestic product ( GDP ) contracted at a shallow 1.0 percent rate in the second quarter after sinking 6.4 percent in the January - March quarter .
Recent data , including housing and key labor market indicators , have suggested a bottoming in the recession and the economy close to turning the corner .
The economy slipped into recession in December 2007 .
The Blue Chip survey ’s findings are broadly in line with a Reuters poll published last month , which predicted growth in the third quarter , though a brisk pace of expansion was not expected until late 2010 .
“ Debate now centers on the speed , strength and durability of the recovery , ” the survey said .
It showed nearly two - thirds of respondents believed the economy was set for a U - shaped recovery , marked by below - trend growth in gross domestic product before stronger growth took hold in the second half of 2010 .
Attendees line up for an interview with a prospective employer at a job fair in Washington , August 6 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
About 17 percent of the respondents anticipated a V - shaped rebound , where growth pulled back to its trend rate on a sustained basis , while the same percentage fretted that a W - shaped recovery could follow , the survey showed .
“ In their view , GDP growth will pop higher for a quarter or two only to falter again before a lasting recovery takes hold , ” the survey said .
HIGHER GDP GROWTH
Growth in the second half was expected to garner support from a reduction in the pace of business inventory liquidation , marginal improvements in consumer spending and residential investment .
The survey predicted that non-residential investment , however , would remain a drag on GDP .
Despite the improved economic picture , unemployment was expected to remain a problem , with the jobless rate predicted to peak at just over 10 percent late this year or early 2010 , the survey showed .
It was seen falling only slowly thereafter .
Government data on Friday showed the unemployment rate nudged down to 9.4 percent in July from 9.5 percent in June , but mostly because many people dropped out of the labor force .
“ About 70 percent of the panelists believe the jobless rate will not dip below 7.0 percent on a sustained basis until the second half of 2012 or later , ” the survey said .
However , job losses could fade late this year or early 2010 and payrolls start to expand as companies rebuild inventories , which should lengthen the workweek , according to the survey .
The weak labor market , together with excess capacity in many business sectors were seen dampening inflation pressures .
“ Consumer price inflation , excluding food and energy costs , will increase by slightly less in 2010 than in 2009 , ” the survey said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Veteran US Senator Edward Kennedy , the brother of former President John F Kennedy , has died at 77 , after a long battle with a brain tumour .
He became a Democratic Massachusetts senator in 1962 , replacing his brother when he resigned to become president , and was re-elected seven times .
Senator Kennedy was a dominant force in US politics for almost 50 years .
President Barack Obama , of whom he was an active supporter , said he was " heartbroken " to hear of his death .
" An important chapter in our history has come to an end , " he said in a statement .
" Our country has lost a great leader , who picked up the torch of his fallen brothers and became the greatest United States senator of our time . "
The liberal lion 's mighty roar may now fall silent , but his dream shall never die
Harry Reid
Senate Majority leader
Edward Kennedy : Your comments Kennedy family statement
In quotes : Edward Kennedy tributes Later , in a televised tribute , Mr Obama described him as one of the " most accomplished Americans to serve our democracy " .
Senator Kennedy had championed issues such as education and healthcare , central to Mr Obama 's first term .
In 2006 , Time magazine named him as one of America 's " Ten Best Senators " , saying that he had " amassed a titanic record of legislation affecting the lives of virtually every man , woman and child in the country " .
The BBC's Richard Lister in Washington says Senator Kennedy , known affectionately as Teddy , will be remembered as one of the most effective and popular legislators in American history .
Daniel Sandford , BBC News , Washington
President Obama was leading the tributes , saying that Senator Kennedy was the greatest US senator of our time .
But the praise was coming from right across the political divide .
The Republicans were also praising him , saying that he was the kind of man that you could n't help but like even if you disagreed with him .
That kind of praise has been echoing across the morning shows - they all broke into special coverage of the kind that is normally reserved for when former presidents die .
But of course all of the coverage has also included the controversies in Edward Kennedy 's life , not least of all the death of Mary Jo Kopechne at Chappaquiddick bridge in 1969 .
Our correspondent says he was also skilled at forging alliances across party lines : pushing an education initiative with President George W Bush , and immigration reform with Republican John McCain .
But he was a fierce critic of the Bush administration , in particular over Iraq and the prisoner abuse scandal .
He will also be remembered as a staunch supporter of Irish Republicanism - at one time calling for British troops to leave Northern Ireland - although he was later involved in the peace process leading to the Good Friday Agreement .
Senate Majority leader Harry Reid said the Kennedy family and the Senate had " together lost our patriarch " .
This is the cause of my life ...
Now the issue has more meaning for me - and more urgency - than ever before , but it 's always been deeply personal , because the importance of healthcare has been a recurrent lesson throughout most of my 77 years
Edward Kennedy
Senator Kennedy 's Newsweek article on healthcare , July 2009 " The liberal lion 's mighty roar may now fall silent , but his dream shall never die , " he said .
UK Prime Minister Gordon Brown said that Senator Kennedy would be " mourned not just in America but in every continent " .
" Even facing illness and death , he never stopped fighting for the causes which were his life 's work .
" I am proud to have counted him as a friend . "
' Joyous light '
Dawn broke over Washington 's Capitol building , the home of the Senate , with the US flag flying at half mast .
The Kennedy family announced Senator Kennedy 's death in a brief statement in the early hours of Wednesday .
EDWARD MOORE KENNEDY 1932 Born , youngest of nine children 1962 Becomes country 's youngest senator 1963 , 1968 Brothers President John F Kennedy and Senator Robert F Kennedy both assassinated 1969 " Chappaquiddick incident " - Kennedy flees scene after road crash in which his young passenger dies 1980 Runs unsuccessfully for Democratic nomination against sitting President Jimmy Carter
Obituary : Edward Kennedy
In pictures : Edward Kennedy Edward Kennedy - a political life " Edward M Kennedy , the husband , father , grandfather , brother and uncle we loved so deeply , died late Tuesday night at home in Hyannis Port ( Massachusetts ) , " the statement said .
" We 've lost the irreplaceable centre of our family and joyous light in our lives , but the inspiration of his faith , optimism , and perseverance will live on in our hearts forever . "
Edward Kennedy was the only one of four brothers not to die a violent death .
His brother Joseph was killed in an air crash in World War II , and both President John F Kennedy and presidential hopeful Robert F Kennedy were assassinated in the 1960s .
He was widely expected to be the next Kennedy in the White House , but he was never able to fully overcome the scandal caused in 1969 , when he drove a car off a bridge at Chappaquiddick near his home , killing his female passenger .
The incident helped derail his only presidential bid , more than a decade later .
But he remained active in politics right up until his death , famously endorsing Barack Obama for the Democratic nomination during a tight race with Hillary Clinton last year .
At his death , he was the third longest serving senator in US history .
Last week , he asked the Massachusetts governor to change state law to allow a speedy succession when his Senate seat became vacant .
Analysts suggest that Senator Kennedy feared a lengthy gap could deny Democrats a crucial vote on Mr Obama 's flagship health reform .
His death comes weeks after that of his older sister , Eunice Kennedy Shriver , on 11 August .
US MEDIA REACTION TO TED KENNEDY'S DEATH Kennedy was at the center of the most important issues facing the nation for decades , and he did much to help shape them .
A defender of the poor and politically disadvantaged , he set the standard for his party on health care , education , civil rights , campaign - finance reform and labor law
Joe Holley writes in The Washington Post on Ted Kennedy 's political importance
He was a Rabelaisian figure in the Senate and in life , instantly recognizable by his shock of white hair , his florid , oversize face , his booming Boston brogue , his powerful but pained stride .
He was a celebrity , sometimes a self - parody , a hearty friend , an implacable foe , a man of large faith and large flaws , a melancholy character who persevered , drank deeply and sang loudly .
He was a Kennedy .
New York Times journalist John M Broder describes the Kennedy effect .
Seared in my memory : When I interned at the Heritage Foundation , I would pop into Mass at Saint Joseph's on the Hill .
And I would almost always find myself sitting near Ted Kennedy .
He 's responsible for things that are deeply offensive to my conscience and diametrically opposed to the teachings of the Catholic faith , and he probably led some people astray by his example .
But our faith also teaches that we are all sinners and that there is redemption .
He had some incredibly good forces in his life , not least among them his sister , Eunice , who just died .
I pray for the repose of his soul .
R.I.P. Senator Kennedy .
Kathryn Lean Lopez blogs her tribute at the National Review .
Elected first in 1962 , the 77 - year - old Massachusetts liberal was rooted in the civil rights and Great Society battles of that decade , but his enduring strength was an ability to renew himself through his mastery of issues and the changing personalities of the Senate .
Nowhere was this clearer than in Kennedy 's early support of Barack Obama in 2008 , when the young Illinois Democrat needed to establish himself against more veteran rivals for the White House .
Kennedy not only campaigned for Obama but , at risk to his own health , opened the Democratic National Convention a year ago in Denver and returned to Washington repeatedly last winter to cast needed votes to move the new president 's economic recovery agenda .
David Rogers in Politico highlights the veteran senator 's lasting political importance .
In many ways , he was the last man standing , straddling a mythic family mantle of fame and a vaunted career of political service , all the while wearing the crown of Camelot decades after its heyday ... the senator 's death brought to a close a storied political era - of assassinations , Jackie O , Palm Beach , Chappaquiddick - and a lifetime of both tragedy and public service .
Andrea Billup writes in the The Washington Times that ' Camelot ' fades with Kennedy passing In losing Kennedy , Obama loses a key Senate dealmaker at a crucial moment in legislative negotiations over the health care bill .
Though an icon of Democratic liberalism , Kennedy was known to colleagues as a jovial pragmatist , whose many friendships with colleagues across the political and ideological spectrum made him one of the Senate 's most influential players .
Kathy Kiely in USA Today examines the impact of Ted Kennedy 's death on healthcare reform .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
“ I think , ” he says at last , slowly and in a modulated whisper , “ we were a little too ambitious about trying to create the same model we had at Miramax .
We did n’t have to start out that fast . ”
The Weinsteins have a complicated relationship , one that is a little mysterious to people around them .
They manage to seem inseparable and wholly separate at the same time .
They work in different offices , a block apart , but speak constantly to each other on the phone .
They extol each other ’s accomplishments and talents , but as with many brothers , they are also competitors .
When I vowed to Harvey that I would crush Bob in a Ping - Pong match  there ’s a table in Bob ’s office 
Harvey cackled and promised to publish an ad hailing the defeat if his brother lost .
Ultimately , Bob begged off , saying that his elbow was in too much pain to play .
It ’s one of the few contests that either Weinstein has ever ducked .
For most of their careers , the they have regarded movie promotion as a form of warfare .
They see themselves as leaders in a series of sustained , tactical strikes against a surrounding enemy .
In the Miramax days , they reached their audience with clever , cost - efficient marketing and sheer force of will .
Miramax employees were famous for working long hours , over weekends , through vacations .
But without Harvey on a bullhorn , the Weinstein Company was no longer an irresistible force .
Which Harvey realized , at last , soon after the release of “ Miss Potter , ” a Renée Zellweger movie in 2006 about the life of the children ’s author Beatrix Potter .
It was exactly the sort of quiet , literate film that the brothers turned into gold at Miramax , and Harvey thought that it would gross $ 40 million , at least , and almost surely win an Oscar nomination for Ms. Zellweger .
But MGM was in charge of distribution of Weinstein Company movies at the time and Harvey was minding other stores .
Before he knew it , the film had grossed only $ 3 million and was gone from theaters .
It seems like a preventable error to him now : “ Sometimes with a movie like ‘ Miss Potter , ’ the theaters are saying ‘ Take it off the screen ! ’ and you have to say : ‘ No , no , no !
One more week , two more weeks ! ’
Whatever you have to do to hold on , you have to hold on . ”
The distractions of his other companies led to some memorable film fiascos , like “ Fanboys . ”
The movie had a catchy premise : “ Star Wars ” fanatics drive across the country , break into the home of George Lucas and steal a copy of an coming “ Star Wars ” movie .
But Harvey did n’t love the finished product and he did n’t fight with his usual combination of charm , guile and cajolery to persuade the director to change it .
It was released the movie in a small number of theaters and with little promotion .
It earned less than $ 700,000 .
Enlarge By Jordin Althaus , Fox Searchlight Pictures Zooey Deschanel 's bank teller and Joseph Gordon - Levitt 's bank robber do a dreamy dance number in the highly stylized music video that sprang from their collaboration in ( 500 ) Days of Summer .
Gordon - Levitt has a solo dance number in the film , which opens wide Friday .
What do you get if you cross Bonnie and Clyde with Fred and Ginger ?
Zooey and Joe .
Their star - crossed romance in the comedy ( 500 ) Days of Summer has been making off with the box - office loot since its limited debut two weeks ago .
To kick off Friday 's nationwide release , Zooey Deschanel and Joseph Gordon - Levitt are giving away a separate short film , a music video about a bank heist in which the teller 's heart is stolen along with the cash .
WATCH THE VIDEO : Stepping with the ' Summer ' duo
MAKING OF : Go behind the scenes
The video , directed by ( 500 ) Days filmmaker Marc Webb , premieres today exclusively at life .
usatoday.com before moving to other TV and Internet outlets .
Gordon - Levitt plays a stoic man in a neat blue suit , turning to crime in a moment of absolute desperation .
Deschanel is the gorgeous , wide - eyed teller , disarming the dangerous man ( metaphorically speaking ) in a playful , twirling , fox - trotting dance through the stuffy , starkly lit marble lobby .
The other dour denizens go about their business unaware .
Providing the soundtrack : the song Why Do You Let Me Stay Here ? by She & Him , Deschanel 's retro-rock duo with musician M. Ward .
Deschanel and Gordon - Levitt say they hope to team up repeatedly and have aspirations of being a regular screen couple , like Fred Astaire and Ginger Rogers or Spencer Tracy and Katharine Hepburn .
They 're not a real couple , but they 're good at faking it .
" I think it 's great to have continuous collaborators , " Deschanel says .
" It 's a shortcut that makes it so much more fun .
The job is much easier when you can go to set and be like , ' Ah , Joe ! ' "
" Absolutely .
And there 's trust , " he says .
" And it 's not like , ' Hey , nice to meet you — let 's make out !
LALAlalala , " she says , closing her eyes and sticking out her tongue in a mock French kiss .
" As weird as it is filming a love story in front of a million people , at least you have your friend , " she says .
When did vampires suddenly become the coolest kids in the monster club ?
Â
One supposes they ’ve always had a certain allure about them , but recent multimedia hits like Twilight and True Blood have put them so far out of reach of the mummies and sea beasts of the world that it must be mildly disheartening .
Once any pop culture phenomenon hits a certain plateau you begin to see the cross - genre cash - ins .
Â
So , when can we expect musical vampires ( other than on Buffy ) ? Â
Any day now .
Tisk , tisk , tisk .....
The Orly Tatiz of Health Care reform , now out of a job and joining the jobless .
But unlike the rest of the jobless , there will be no tears shed for her .
Unless it 's from her 200 followers on Twitter .
( From TWD , still looking for euthanasia in the bill , Salutations )
Just in case you did n't see the trainwreck interview , here , with SuperBowlXX getting the consideration
And Part 2 , cover your eyes
And again , as always , appreciate the Recommends .
" The Royal Scam " by Anonymous Correspondent
August 3 , 2009
Are we at the end ?
These massive insolvable problems : where can they lead ?
The inattentive political class , too selfish to care .
The corrupt and venal insiders , what can they do ?
What can they do ?
Here 's an idea , presented in the book And the Money Kept Rolling In ( and Out ) Wall Street , the IMF , and the Bankrupting of Argentina ( 2006 ) and independently researched and presented by Eric Janzen in a review of his now - 10 - year - old " Ka-Poom " theory entitled Does USA 2009 = Argentina 2001 ?
Part I : Falling economy reaches terminal velocity .
Here 's Argentina 's CPI in 2001 :
Here 's the chart , and this deflation head - fake has happened elsewhere , such as Weimar .
See how Mish is right and there is REAL Deflation here ?
He 's not kidding .
CPI is minus 1 % to 3 % , while Case - Shiller CPI is minus 6 % :
Nevertheless , 3 months after Deflation begins in Argentina , Inflation rises to 120 % .
The Peso is devalued 73 %
The bond market collapses :
And a few months later , Argentina defaults on sovereign debt , for a multi-billion dollar loss to foreign creditors .
A mere two years later , the country is without debt , working hard , and booming .
Hmm ...
Work with me here .
Suppose , just suppose , that mathematically , the US Fiat system has a very certain , very predictable end date , easily seen even by such non-monetary critics such as Martenson 's “ Crash Course ” .
( Also http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iIwyMif5EOg&feature=related )
This certain end date is roughly when the parabolic curve goes vertical as mapped using the average interest rate of all national transactions — 6 % perhaps .
And suppose , just suppose , that being no dummy and working with money as your sole object , clawing your way to the top of the Billionaire 's club , you could see this coming .
In fact , everyone can — all your peers who clawed through the same training , saw through the same veil , and are now in positions of unimaginable influence , having friends who are Presidents , Diplomats , nation - shaking Hedge Funds , and IMF / BIS bankers .
And they all looked at each other and said : “ This is bad , dahlink ” and : “ It 's mathematically certain , mate , ” then everyone together : “ So what do we do ? ”
Well , no one knows what to do .
Nothing like this has never been tried before .
The financial world has never had ALL baseless currencies before , and never has a country as large as the US been brought down except during a war that exhausted all nations together .
The risks are too high just to guess what will happen if we pull lever X instead of lever Y when the end comes .
So you pick a country a lot like America .
Productive , hardworking , modern , agricultural , having a corrupt , spendthrift political class and an uninvolved , unassuming , spendthrift - but - hardworking middle class — a country the most like America .
And you run a little experiment .
What happens to a country when it does exactly what we 're about to do ?
You influence leaders here , fund populist movements there , then get your friends to invest in this nation , knowing all along what 's going to happen , and knowing that — because we know , we 're making it happen — no one important will lose their money playing along .
A nation like , oh , Argentina .
You push foreign investment through banking and diplomatic channels from the top , while as in “ Economic Hit Man ” no one below the 1 st level need know , and you over - invest in the country , buying the leaders and giving them every assurance that things are fine , they 're not too far along , the world believes in them , and the IMF is right there to catch them .
Until one day , you do n't .
Once they 've gone too far to pull back , you spread some rumors , cause a run on some investments , then have your banking friends step back a bit .
Then a bit more .
Then at the 11 th hour , despite daily promises all along the way , the IMF also leaves them in the lurch , cutting off their last foreign credit .
What do they do ?
What do the people do ?
What does it take to keep them under control in this transition ?
Where are the pressures ?
Do they give in to interminable debt slavery to the IMF , or do they default on foreign investors ?
And what happens when they do ?
Does the world punish them or two years later is it like nothing happened ?
Meanwhile , on the other side of the world , with another placid , productive , agricultural , English - speaking country with a strong middle class and rule of law , also most like America , you try the other direction : unlimited inflation .
In Zimbabwe , three eggs cost 100 billion dollars ... back in 2008 , before things got really bad .
What happens there ?
Which way was better , for power , influence , and control in world affairs ?
Which way do the important people remain in power with less bother ?
Just a thought , mind you .
I 'm sure no one would actually do such a thing .
Here 's what happened in Argentina : the political leaders are dysfunctional and infighting , paying out to their home provinces , uncaring of the enormous debt and with no reason to care so long as foreign money could be borrowed .
Meanwhile the economy began to rest more and more on bubbles and speculation funded by this foreign borrowing .
When the balloon went up , the insiders saw which way it was headed and got their money offshore , something like Cheney and Halliburton did the other year .
Then as things devolved , ever - increasing capital controls were put in place , just like now with the US investigating “ off - shore havens ” and profits one might have made overseas using the premise of money laundering to chain the firedoors shut one by one .
Finally , they enforced the official “ corrilito ” , and soon after had an extended Bank Holiday for the 5 months it took to devalue the Peso by 73 % - - far faster than anyone not forewarned could adjust and react .
Once every exit was chained tight , they firebombed the casino , trapping everyone inside .
Even if you had thousands in stocks , bonds , and savings accounts , with the market frozen and the monthly bank withdrawal limit set at $ 300 / mo , the little people could not pay rent or even eat , becoming “ Cartoneros ” garbage - picking architects and engineers , wandering the streets with their children at midnight as the nation devolved into a chaos that did not topple the ruling class .
Once all the assets in the country had been discounted a minimum of 73 % , the insiders then repatriated their money and bought their neighbor 's fortunes for pennies on the dollar , finding cheap , hungry , competitive labor , ready to compete with even 3 rd world wages .
The prudent , hard - working , and savers ( the wrong people ) were wiped out , and the money was transferred to the speculators and insiders ( the right people ) .
Massive capital like land and factories can not be expatriated , but are always worth their USE value and did not fall as much , or even rose afterwards as with falling debt ratios and low wages these working assets became competitive again .
It 's not so much a “ collapse ” as a redistribution , from the middle class and the working to the capital class and the connected .
... And the genius is , they could blame it all on foreigners , “ incompetent ” leaders , and careless , debt - happy citizens themselves .
Now I 'm no genius here , but could n't the United States do the very same thing ?
What you need to do is -- and bear with me here -- send your best Wall St. salesmen and diplomats to China and sell them a bill of goods about how they can “ modernize ” with our help .
The Cold War is over .
Capitalism reins .
You know us Wall St. types !
It 's all about the dollar !
Have the radio scream the President sold out and sign them up to the WTO as you suck Asia into massive overcapacity and a deep , unbreakable reliance on the US and G - 8 as customers while paving over the national independence of their life - giving water and farmland .
Then , once they 've tasted freedom and affluence , once they 're unable to support themselves independently , you pull the plug not on them but YOURSELF .
Implode your own middle class as above .
Kill the bond markets , cause a run on your own currency , and default on the debts you owe them .
Hey , it 's the only thing you could do , right ?
Americans are just stupid , right ?
Wall Street is just greedy .
It 's all an accident , an act of God really .
No one 's to blame .
It 's classic Judo .
In a single stroke you :
a ) lose the burden of external debt
b ) by devaluation lose your internal debt
c ) make the nation competitive as a manufacturing power .
d ) scare the people back into compliance , even exultation with their low wages .
e ) with the renewal of manufacturing , re-cast the power that your military rests on
f ) during a time of Peak Oil , radically reduce unnecessary consumption while insuring strategic ( military ) supply .
g ) by doing that , suck in the oil powers of Russia , Iran , and Venezuela enough to knock them off - base , first with high prices , then low prices .
h ) club China into submission to the G - 8 money powers again
and best of all :
i ) enrich insiders beyond their wildest dreams , insuring their dominance for a generation to come .
All the right people win , all the wrong people lose .
Seeing the monetary parabola looming dead ahead after the near - miss of the Tech collapse , what do you need to insure this happens on a very tight schedule ?
First , knowing this will happen , you suck in your own people by demanding — straight from the top — that bankers loosen lending standards so low even the dumbest financier could n't believe it was prudent , then refuse to prosecute even the most blatant corruptions by mortgage originators , fraudulent borrowers , and other “ outsiders ” .
Suspecting this will all blow up , pay yourself today in bonuses instead of later in investments .
Then , knowing you 'll never repay , you jack up national spending beyond anything anybody 's ever seen and go do what you want all over the world , in any country you want , with impunity .
Then you have a scare that gives you cover to set up conduits that insure all the right people have lifeboats , even if it costs $ 23 - 30 Trillion , and even if the Hoi Polloi scream bloody murder .
It 'll all be over soon anyway .
It was only a 3 % GDP deficit that sank Argentina :
But the US $ is not the Peso .
You need to make sure it goes down on demand .
You aim straight for $ 2 +
Trillion yearly deficits for 70 years and threaten more if necessary .
Hey , is this enough to insure a collapse , even of the world ’s reserve currency ?
Is this enough to force China to cut us off and play the role of the bad guy we have planned for them ?
Funny how convenient that is , no ?
When every economist is screaming , “ Mr. President , do n’t do this , why are you doing this ? ”
Why indeed .
Hit health care as a way to make the people dependent on the government -- innate independence is America 's resistance to the plan — and a way of tracking and controlling them .
Computerized medical records were the first thing they brought up , the highest priority , and have been attempted regularly over the years .
( 1993 , 2004 , 2009 ...)
Use the 5 owners of nearly all media to keep up the drumbeat of the “ other ” : left , right , black , white , famous , religious , atheist , straight , gay , immigrant , commie , Muslim -- whatever the people will buy -- to insure confusion and infighting when the time comes .
And here we are .
Eye of the storm , explosives primed , waiting to pull the detonator .
Any reason the US could not do this , and that everything these incredibly smart , ruthless , immeasurably connected people have been doing is actually not stupid but smart ?
And what if they believe what they 're doing is all for the good of the country and are willing to take any measure , any action no matter how awful or unprincipled , because it will put America back on top again ?
And if they get richer than Croseus in the process , well , who 's fault is it anyway ?
It 's hard work after all .
Like I said , just a thought .
The real magic of a good Con is not to get the money .
It 's to do it in such a way that the Mark thinks he knows what happened , thinks he saw the Con you 're pulling , when in fact , the real Con is somewhere else .
There 's a saying : “ Before the scam , you have the dream and they have the money ; while afterwards , you have the money and they have the dream . ”
If you want to know the real Con , when it 's all over , find out who walked away with the money .
Before then , you wo n't know .
These Billionaires are the smartest , most unprincipled , double - thinking gamesmen in the world , playing the biggest , most dangerous games in the world , on a field where whole nations are at stake .
They did n't get to where they are by being stupid , taking chances , and making mistakes .
You can be sure they 're not making them now .
They have immense control in media , finance , military , government , business , and while every plan has risk and it might still get away from them , it sure wo n't be for lack of trying .
And that goes for the gamesters in China and every other country worldwide who are try every day to do the exact same thing to back to them .
It 's the big boy 's game , and when the elephants fight , the grass gets trampled .
So when you 're reading the news about how randomly careless and stupid everybody was , just remember the Argentine plan : all the right people win , all the wrong people lose , and the good people never knew what hit them .
The Royal Scam .
Survival+ : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation ( PDF version ( 111 pages ) : Survival + )
The Washington consensus on drugs rests on two widely shared beliefs .
The first is that the war on drugs is a failure .
The second is that it can not be changed .
Americans are a can - do people .
They tend to believe that if something does not work , it needs to be fixed .
Unless , that is , they are talking about the war on drugs .
On this politically fraught issue , Washington ’s elites and , indeed , the majority of the population , believe two contradictory things .
First , 76 percent of Americans think the war on drugs launched in 1971 by President Richard Nixon has failed .
Yet only 19 percent believe the central focus of antidrug efforts should be shifted from interdiction and incarceration to treatment and education .
A full 73 percent of Americans are against legalizing any kind of drugs , and 60 percent oppose legalizing marijuana .
This “ it does n’t work , but do n’t change it ” incongruity is not just a quirk of the U.S. public .
It is a manifestation of how the prohibition on drugs has led to a prohibition on rational thought .
“ Most of my colleagues know that the war on drugs is bankrupt , ” a U.S. senator told me , “ but for many of us , supporting any form of decriminalization of drugs has long been politically suicidal . ”
As a result of this utter failure to think , the United States today is both the world ’s largest importer of illicit drugs and the world ’s largest exporter of bad drug policy .
The U.S. government expects , indeed demands , that its allies adopt its goals and methods and actively collaborate with U.S. drug - fighting agencies .
This expectation is one of the few areas of rigorous continuity in U.S. foreign policy over the last three decades .
A second , and more damaging , effect comes from the U.S. emphasis on curtailing the supply abroad rather than lowering the demand at home .
The consequence : a transfer of power from governments to criminals in a growing number of countries .
In many places , narcotraffickers are the major source of jobs , economic opportunity , and money for elections .
The global economic crisis will only intensify these trends as battered economies shrink and illicit trade becomes the only way for millions of people to make a living .
Mexico ’s attorney general reckons that U.S. consumers buy $ 10 billion worth of drugs from his country ’s cartels each year , a business that propelled Joaquín “ El Chapo ” Guzmán Loera , the leader of the Sinaloa cartel , to Forbes magazine ’s latest list of the world ’s billionaires .
According to the U.S. Department of Defense , all that money allows the two main cartels to train , equip , and pay for a highly motivated army of 100,000 that almost equals Mexico ’s armed forces in size and often outguns them .
And this ascendancy of the drug cartels is a global problem .
The opium trade is equal to 30 percent of Afghanistan ’s legal economy , and from Burma to Bolivia , Moldova to Guinea - Bissau , drug kingpins have become influential economic and political actors .
Fortunately , there are some signs that the blind support for prohibition is beginning to wane among key Washington elites .
One surprising new convert ?
The Pentagon .
Senior U.S. military officers know both that the war on drugs is bankrupt and that it is undermining their ability to succeed in other important missions , such as winning the war in Afghanistan .
When Gen. James L. Jones , a former Marine Corps commandant and supreme allied commander in Europe , was asked last November why the United States was losing in Afghanistan , he answered : “ The top of my list is the drugs and narcotics , which are , without question , the economic engine that fuels the resurgent Taliban , and the crime and corruption in the country .
. . .
We could n’t even talk about that in 2006 when I was there .
That was not a topic that anybody wanted to talk about , including the U.S. ” Jones is now U.S. President Barack Obama ’s national security advisor .
But such views have set off fierce clashes between military commanders newly focused on creating peaceful economic opportunities for Afghan families and the U.S. drug warriors set on eradicating Afghanistan ’s major cash crop at any cost .
What ’s more , inertia alone almost guarantees strong support for drug eradication from the massive bureaucracy that lives off the tens of billions of taxpayer dollars that have funded the war on drugs for decades .
The opinions of these drug warriors are immune to data :
After decades of eradication efforts around the world , neither the acreage of land used to grow drugs nor the tonnage produced has shrunk .
But prohibition at any cost is becoming increasingly hard to defend .
As the drug - fueled escalation of violence in Mexico spills across the border into the United States , the American public ’s willingness to ignore or tolerate policies that do n’t work is bound to decline .
And the consequences of failure are already on mounting display : According to the U.S. National Drug Intelligence Center , Mexican drug cartels have established operations in 195 American cities .
It is much harder to ignore the collateral damage of the war on drugs when it happens in your neighborhood .
That is the case in many other countries where the nefarious side effects of U.S. drug policies have long been felt .
Three of Latin America ’s most respected former presidents , Brazil ’s Fernando Henrique Cardoso , Colombia ’s César Gaviria , and Mexico ’s Ernesto Zedillo , recently chaired a commission that came out in favor of drastic changes in the war on drugs — including decriminalization of marijuana for personal use .
The commission , on which I sat , spent more than a year reviewing the best available evidence from experts in public health , medicine , law enforcement , the military , and the economics of drug trafficking .
One of the commission ’s main conclusions is that governments urgently need options beyond eradication , interdiction , criminalization , and incarceration to limit the social consequences of drugs .
But though smart thinkers increasingly propose confronting the drug curse as a public health crisis — more options are in the commission ’s report at www.drugsanddemocracy.org—real alternatives have found no space in a policy debate stalemated between absolute prohibition and wholesale legalization .
The addiction to a failed policy has long been fueled by the self - interest of a relatively small prohibitionist community — and enabled by the distraction of the American public .
But as the costs of the drug war spread from remote countries and U.S. inner cities to the rest of society , spending more to cure and prevent than to eradicate and incarcerate will become a much more obvious idea .
Smarter thinking on drugs ?
That should be the real no - brainer .
Moisés Naím is editor in chief of Foreign Policy .
[ Editor ’s note : emphasis in column added ]
By David Shukman
Science and environment correspondent , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
One of the largest glaciers in Antarctica is thinning four times faster than it was 10 years ago , according to research seen by the BBC .
A study of satellite measurements of Pine Island glacier in west Antarctica reveals the surface of the ice is now dropping at a rate of up to 16 m a year .
Since 1994 , the glacier has lowered by as much as 90 m , which has serious implications for sea - level rise .
The work by British scientists appears in Geophysical Research Letters .
The team was led by Professor Duncan Wingham of University College London ( UCL ) .
We 've known that it 's been out of balance for some time , but nothing in the natural world is lost at an accelerating exponential rate like this glacier
Andrew Shepherd , Leeds University Calculations based on the rate of melting 15 years ago had suggested the glacier would last for 600 years .
But the new data points to a lifespan for the vast ice stream of only another 100 years .
The rate of loss is fastest in the centre of the glacier and the concern is that if the process continues , the glacier may break up and start to affect the ice sheet further inland .
One of the authors , Professor Andrew Shepherd of Leeds University , said that the melting from the centre of the glacier would add about 3 cm to global sea level .
" But the ice trapped behind it is about 20 - 30 cm of sea level rise and as soon as we destabilise or remove the middle of the glacier we do n't know really know what 's going to happen to the ice behind it , " he told BBC News .
" This is unprecedented in this area of Antarctica .
We 've known that it 's been out of balance for some time , but nothing in the natural world is lost at an accelerating exponential rate like this glacier . "
The highlighted area shows a dense concentration of crevasses along one edge of the glacier .
Large numbers of deep crevasses are a sign that parts of the glacier are moving rapidly .
Pine Island glacier has been the subject of an intense research effort in recent years amid fears that its collapse could lead to a rapid disintegration of the West Antarctic ice sheet .
Five years ago , I joined a flight by the Chilean Navy and Nasa to survey Pine Island glacier with radar and laser equipment .
The 11 - hour round - trip from Punta Arenas included a series of low - level passes over the massive ice stream which is 20 miles wide and in places more than one mile thick .
Back then , the researchers on board were concerned at the speed of change they were detecting .
This latest study of the satellite data will add to the alarm among polar specialists .
BBC
News visited the Pine Island glacier five years ago This comes as scientists in the Arctic are finding evidence of dramatic change .
Researchers on board a Greenpeace vessel have been studying the northwestern part of Greenland .
One of those taking part , Professor Jason Box of Ohio State University , has been surprised by how little sea ice they encountered in the Nares Strait between Greenland and Canada .
He has also set up time lapse cameras to monitor the massive Petermann glacier .
Huge new cracks have been observed and it's expected that a major part of it could break off imminently .
Professor Box told BBC
News : " The science community has been surprised by how sensitive these large glaciers are to climate warming .
First it was the glaciers in south Greenland and now as we move further north in Greenland we find retreat at major glaciers .
It 's like removing a cork from a bottle . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) -- Shoulder - launched anti-tank weapons purchased by Venezuela have ended up in the hands of guerrillas , Colombian Vice President Francisco Santos said .
Venezuelan Foreign Minister Nicolas Maduro talks on the phone with President Hugo Chavez in Caracas Monday .
In an interview with Caracol Radio Monday , Santos addressed local reports of anti-tank weapons manufactured in Sweden being seized from members of the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or FARC , and traced to Venezuela .
" This is not the first time that this happens , " Santos said .
" In several operations in which we have recovered weapons from the FARC , we have found powerful munitions and powerful equipment , including anti-tank weapons , from a European country that sold them to Venezuela and that turned up in the hands of the FARC . "
The weapons have been identified as AT4 shoulder - fired rockets manufactured by Saab Bofors Dynamics in Sweden , according to Jane 's Defence Weekly .
They were seized in 2008 from a guerrilla base , the Colombian magazine Semana reported .
Jan -Erik Lovgren , the Swedish official who oversees weapon exports , told Radio Sweden on Monday that his country stopped selling weapons to Venezuela in 2006 .
Venezuela on Monday denied allegations that they gave the weapons to the guerrilla group .
" To me it seems that this is a new attack against our government based on lies , " Venezuelan Minister of the Interior and Justice Tareck El Aissami said at a news conference Monday .
" We absolutely deny that our government or our institutions are providing assistance to criminal and terrorist organizations , " El Aissami told reporters .
" It 's laughable , it sounds like a cheap film made by the American government . "
Previous instances of Venezuela 's government being accused of aiding the FARC include one last year , when the U.S. Treasury Department accused two senior Venezuelan intelligence officials and one former official of assisting the guerrillas with drug trafficking .
The department froze any assets the three men may have under U.S. jurisdiction and prohibited Americans from conducting business with them .
Argentina 's hopes of reaching the World Cup next year took a further knock tonight after losing to Paraguay , whose victory sealed their own passage to South Africa .
For Argentina 's coach , Diego Maradona , it was another disappointing night as his side dropped into the play - off positions , with his own position beginning to look increasingly untenable .
Nelson Haedo Valdez 's first half goal was enough for Paraguay against dispirited opposition .
Argentina showed little fight , only displaying a bit of fire in the belly when Juan Sebastian Veron was stupidly sent off for a second bookable offence midway through the second half .
Maradona has now suffered four defeats in five qualifying games .
Ecuador moved above his side after beating Bolivia tonight and Uruguay and Colombia are both hot on their heels .
A 3 - 1 defeat at home to Brazil on the weekend was disastrous - but instead of provoking a response from a red - faced team , their performance against Paraguay remained just as insipid .
Desperately needing a win , Maradona appears unable to cajole anything out his team at all , the most damning indictment of any manager .
Brazil had highlighted Argentina 's many flaws , in defence and attack alike , but despite making changes to their side , most notably dropping Carlos Tevez for Sergio Agüero , Paraguay thoroughly deserved the three points .
They tore into Argentina from the start and could have been two up had the woodwork not denied both Haedo and Jonathan Santana .
It was always likely that Paraguay would take the lead and it was a wonder they did not score more than once .
Midway through the first half , Salvador Cabanas played in Haedo on the left of the area and the Borussia Dortmund striker 's fierce shot into the far corner was unstoppable .
Even then , Argentina could barely muster an attack worthy of the name .
In response , Maradona threw on the veteran striker , Martin Palermo , and he might have helped Argentina rescue a point in the dying moments if his fellow substitute Rolando Schiavi had been able to reach his header .
That would have been unthinkable given the flow of the match , but then again , so is Argentina not qualifying for a World Cup .
Family Finances : Budgeting Back - To- School
It ’s that time of year again : Back - to - school time .
There is always motivation to save money at this time of the year , but with many still concerned about their finances , it is clear that even greater efforts are being made to help the family finances while still getting things for back - to - school .
Here are some strategies you can employ that will help you with your back - to - school expenses .
K - 12 : Saving money on back - to - school clothing
Clothing can be expensive .
Even though it is one of the things that is “ on sale ” in this recession , buying a bunch of outfits can start to add up .
Here are some things you can do to reduce the cost of buying clothing for back - to - school :
Inventory what you already have : Double check all the school clothes .
Are there some that still fit ?
Are they in good condition ?
Maybe you do n’t need to buy as many clothes as you thought .
Make a list of what you need , and then go off that .
Consider used clothing : Consignment and thrift shops are great places to find inexpensive clothing in reasonably good shape .
If you go to a consignment shop , you can take some of your kids ’ old clothing in and get store credit or cash and save even more .
Visit the clearance rack and the sales :
This one is fairly obvious .
Shop the sales and check the clearance racks for bigger savings .
I like to combine the 20 % off everything card I regularly get from Kohls with early bird sales and clearance clothing .
Get the classics : Instead of getting brand names , consider steering your kids toward less expensive clothing .
While a trendy top is n’t the end of the world , it is best if most of the wardrobe is made up of classic styles that wo n’t be out of fashion in a month or two .
Additionally , consider buying pieces that can be mixed and matched with what is already in your kids ’ closets .
Have your kids contribute :
There is nothing wrong with requiring your kids to help pay for their back - to - school shopping .
My parents gave me a set amount of money for new school clothes .
Once we went through it , we were on our own .
If I wanted more clothes , or expensive brand names , I had to save our own money and use it .
This meant I learned how to prioritize and make my own money decisions .
Saving money on college back - to - school
As a freshman in college , I did n’t have a very good idea of how I could save money .
Happily , I ’m a fast learner , and did better every year after that .
While getting a scholarship or grant is an obvious way to save money on tuition , here are some everyday ways that you can use to save money in college :
Housing :
No one wants to live at home , but if you are close enough , you can save money while living with mom and dad .
You can also find some good deals by looking on community boards on campus for roommates .
A great way to save money on housing after your freshman year is to apply to be a resident adviser .
At many schools , RAs get their own dorm rooms for free — and maybe even a stipend .
Communication : Most universities provide free Internet to students .
Many off - campus units also offer free Internet .
You can save money by using Skype or some other Internet - based application to make phone calls .
Or , see if your parents can get a family cell phone plan .
If you do n’t talk much on the cell phone , a pre-paid phone can help you save money .
Textbooks :
Gone are the days when you have to get used textbooks at the university bookstore .
Instead , check Amazon.com , or look at campus community boards to find textbook exchanges .
Be careful , though , sometimes you might get an outdated edition that does not have everything the instructor requires .
Food :
At some schools , freshmen and others who live in dorms are required to purchase a meal plan .
Instead of getting a meal plan that covers every meal of the week , choose the least expensive option ( at my college , this was 10 meals a week , with flex money for campus eateries beyond the cafeteria ) .
Then supplement by buying your own food .
A microfridge is a great addition to any room .
You can heat food in the microwave and keep milk in the fridge .
I always had carrot sticks , sandwich fixins and even single frozen dinners ( in the small freezer section ) on hand .
Preparing your own meals is always less expensive than buying them .
Fun :
Check the student center for low - cost and free activities around campus .
Some of these even include food .
Student cards get you into sporting events and offer access to recreational facilities .
You pay for these in your student fees , so you might as well take advantage of them .
Many college towns also feature cheap movie theaters and discounts at local merchants and fun centers for university students .
Getting ready for next year
Whether your kids are going to elementary school , secondary school or college , now is not too early to plan next year ’s back - to - school .
Look at this years costs , and then consider them as you prepare next year ’s annual budget .
You these expenses are coming , so you can start setting aside a little bit each month ( preferably in some sort of high - yield account ) to cover some of these expenses .
It is also worth noting that each year does n’t have to be an August spend - fest .
Indeed , for clothing , some of the best sales come a month or two after school starts .
You can buy items throughout the year , as they are needed , or plan ahead , knowing what you ’ll need and buying it when you see it for a low price .
Do you have tips for budgeting back - to - school ?
The House voted overwhelmingly Tuesday night to approve a $ 1.4 - billion stopgap extension of jobless benefits , but some states are beginning to seek longer - term solutions to an unemployment problem that is expected to worsen heading into next year .
The extension , covering an additional 13 weeks , would maintain payments for more than 1 million workers in 29 hard - hit states whose benefits are set to expire before the end of 2009 .
Unemployment payments for more than 300,000 U.S. workers will end this month alone .
The measure would extend immediate help to the 66,000 unemployed Californians whose benefits are expected to run out by the end of September and the 170,000 who will exhaust benefits by the end of the year , said Loree Levy , a spokeswoman for the California Employment Development Department .
In all , more than half a million unemployed Californians could benefit from the extension .
Along with previous extensions , the measure would boost the normal 26 weeks of jobless benefits in California to a maximum of 92 weeks .
About 1.5 million Californians currently are receiving unemployment checks , Levy said .
Advertisement
The Senate is expected to approve the extension quickly , and it would take effect as soon as it is signed into law .
It would be paid for by deferring a scheduled reduction in unemployment insurance tax paid by employers .
But with the nation ’s jobless rate , currently at 9.7 % , projected to climb to double digits well into 2010 , researchers say that as many as 2.5 million jobless workers will exhaust benefits by next summer , sharply increasing the cost of further extensions .
In California , whose unemployment rate hit 12.2 % in August , officials are projecting that the unemployment insurance fund will be more than $ 17 billion in the red by the end of 2010 .
It ’s one of 21 states whose unemployment insurance funds are insolvent .
“ States throughout the country are finding they did not collect enough money to cover a recession this long and this deep , ” said Philip J. Romero , dean of the College of Business and Economics at Cal State L.A .
Advertisement
Responding to the longer - term challenge , New Jersey last week announced it would pay businesses up to $ 2,400 for every idle worker they hire whose government unemployment benefits have expired .
Officials in other states , along with experts in unemployment insurance policy , are looking at such options as using tax credits for job creation and allocating existing federal funds to create temporary jobs .
“ I think we need to be creative , so everything should be on the table , ” said Andrew Stettner , deputy director of the National Employment Law Project , a research and advocacy group .
The U.S. , unlike many developed countries , has traditionally seen unemployment insurance as a short - term device to cushion workers against the normal ups and downs of the economy .
But the worst recession in more than half a century has forced a reconsideration of that approach .
Advertisement
The official number of unemployed in the U.S. has doubled to 15 million , and a record one - third of those workers have been jobless for six months or longer .
Employment development offices across the country are overwhelmed .
“ Most states are processing unemployment insurance claims on outdated computer systems originally developed in the 1970s to handle a fraction of the state ’s current claim loads , ” said Tom Whitaker , president of the National Assn. of State Workforce Agencies , at a congressional hearing last week .
His organization estimates that the number of people applying for unemployment insurance benefits has tripled over the last year .
Across the country , unemployment benefits range from $ 40 to $ 450 a week , although the stimulus package added $ 25 a week for the remainder of 2009 .
Advertisement
Soon “ you ’re going to be rolling into Christmas season .
. . .
It will have a huge impact , ” said Rep. Jim McDermott ( D - Wash . ) , who introduced the legislation approved Tuesday by a 331 - 83 vote .
But it ’s unclear how much longer Washington can keep the safety net in place for the long - term jobless , especially given the concerns about the nation ’s soaring budget deficit .
Gary Burtless , a senior fellow at the Brookings Institution , says the extension of benefits is urgently needed and will also pump up consumer spending , a crucial component of the economy .
“ But what about people who exhaust benefits after Jan. 1 ? ” he asked , saying it raises issues of “ fairness and evenhandedness . ”
Advertisement
Among other ideas , Burtless has suggested that the government consider creating public - service jobs to help long - term jobless workers , but he said there appeared to be little support for such a plan .
Timothy Bartik , a senior economist at the W.E. Upjohn Institute for Employment Research , has advocated a tax credit to businesses that create jobs .
The plan is similar to a government subsidy used in the 1970s but has garnered little support from Congress .
Severe budget crunches in some of the largest states with high unemployment would make innovation difficult .
With strained budgets and overworked staffs , maintaining the status quo is a challenge in itself .
Although the extended benefits would certainly be welcomed by states , it would add a crush of more applications for thinly staffed departments that already are stretched to the limit .
Advertisement
In California , where the unemployment claim load is double that of the next highest state , the Employment Development Department has added Saturday hours as well as computers in the lobbies to speed up and handle the bulging volume of applicants .
“ The demand is just unprecedented , ” department spokeswoman Levy said .
Employment Development Department representatives answered 363,000 calls in August , more than double the 108,000 calls answered in January .
The department processed 198,000 online inquiries in August , up from the 79,000 it received in January .
The state , which pays out $ 77 million a day in total unemployment insurance benefits , has hired 1,669 people this year to help process claims and added an extra hour to call - center opening hours during the week .
Advertisement
But some residents still are finding it challenging to deal with the agency .
Reuben Quesada lost his teaching job in June but was denied unemployment benefits .
The 53 - year - old Menifee resident filed an appeal but was told his case would n’t be resolved until December .
“ How am I going to survive until then when . . . there are no jobs to be found ? ” he said .
Advertisement
--
don.lee@latimes.com
alana.semuels@latimes.com
The toilet became blocked , but luckily the astronauts have tools and spare parts on board to repair the installation .
The blocked toilet is a problem because it is linked to the station 's water purification system .
If the repairs are not successful , drinking water supplies could be in jeopardy .
In the meantime astronauts on the ISS are able to use a different toilet .
At present there are 13 astronauts and cosmonauts in the ISS .
WC unblocked
On Tuesday came the liberating news that the blocked toilet on the ISS had been repaired .
Belgian astronaut Frank De Winne and the ISS commander replaced a number of parts into which a chemical liquid had seeped .
All on board the space station now once again have permission to use the installation .
After less than a day the " out of order " notice that NASA had asked the astronauts to affix to the loo could be removed .
Penguins galore (! ) at typical Zodiac landing on South George en-route to Antarctica
" One Photographer and a Million Penguins " - Saint Andrews , South Georgia
Jan 21st : Wheels - up at Denver International Airport for a longggg flight !
Jan 22nd : About 7,500 air miles and 30 hours later - shortly before landing in Ushuaia , Argentina
Jan 23rd : Spending a day in Terra Del Fuego Park
Jan 23rd : The Ocean Nova shortly before departure from Ushuaia , Argentina
Jan 24th : Giant Antarctica Petrel as we cruised on the Scotia Sea from Ushuaia to the Falkland Islands
Jan 25th : Zodiacs shuttling passengers from the Ocean Nova to West Point Island - Falklands
Jan 25th : Rockhopper Penguin and Albatross Rookery on West Point Island
Jan 25th : Black - browed Albatross on West Point Island
Jan 25th : Gentoo Penguins scurry up the hill from a beach on Carcass Island - Falklands
Jan 25th : Alek keeps his distance from a Hugenormous (!)
Magellanic Penguin on Carcass Island
Jan 25th : Falkland hospitality at the McGill homestead on Carcass Island
Jan 26th : The Union Jack flying over Port Stanley in the Falkland Islands
Jan 27th : We spot a Southern Right Whale while cruising in the Western Scotia Sea
Jan 29th : Diversity of wildlife as seen during morning Zodiac Cruise around Elsehul Harbor , South Georgia
Jan 29th : Penguin Party at Salisbury Plains , South George - mouseover to see " returning to ship " picture
Jan 29th : Baby fur Seals checking out my camera - mouseover image to see the resulting picture ! ;-)
Jan 30th : Cruising into Fortuna Bay where we hiked the last part of the Shackleton Walk to Stromness
Jan 30th : The Fortuna Bay fur seals also liked to check out the cameraman !
Jan 30th : Our 4 mile hike was n't quite an epic journey like Shackleton 's and we also did n't lose a single person ! ;-)
Jan 30th : Paul " holds up " the Ocean Nova in Stromness Bay , South Georgia ;-)
Feb 30th : Lots of people hung out for a while on this peaceful grassy plateau just above Stromness Harbor
Jan 30th : An albino fur seal - mouseover image to see head back on straight
Jan 31st : Jim hanging out with a million Penguins at Saint Andrews , South Georgia
Jan 31st : Another picturesque view of Saint Andrews , South Georgia
Jan 31st : Penguin Huddle - " OK , you fake left and go right , you run a buttonhook , and you go deep - BREAK ! "
Jan 31st : Former whaling station of Grytviken , South Georgia
Feb 1st : Drygalski Fjord , South Georgia - the water is over 200 meters deep here !
Feb 1st : This was a pretty active glacier with lots of calving - note the birds high - tailing it outa there !
Feb 1st : Incredibly colorful icebergs float by towering glaciated South Georgia mountains
Feb 1st : Macaroni Penguin at Cooper Bay - mouseover to see close - up with reflection of me taking the picture ! ;-)
Feb 3rd : Penguins on Iceberg near British Antarctic Survey Signy Base in the South Orkney Islands
Feb 3rd : A brief stop on land at the halfway point between South Georgia and Antarctica
Feb 4th : Sunset at 9:19 PM on the Scotia Sea - mouseover image to see 3 minutes later
Feb 5th : approaching Antarctica - taken at 3:32 AM which was 63 minutes before a glorious sunrise
Feb 5th : An Antarctic bird flies by just before sunrise - mouseover image for close - up
Feb 5th : A few minutes after sunrise as others enjoy the experience
Feb 5th : Beautiful morning for our first Antarctica landing at Brown Bluff
Feb 5th : Invasion of the Adelie Penguins !!!
( mouseover image to see 'em move )
Feb 5th : The Adelie 's were actually very friendly - mouseover to see Carol with her another of her " assistants "
Feb 5th : Gentoo Penguins also " posed " for close - in photos !
Feb 5th : Here 's a close - up of his feet - mouseover image to see if he needs a manicure ! ;-)
Feb 6th : The Clipper Adventurer ( and a Leopard Seal ) passes by in the Errera Channel
This ship ended up taking the Ocean Nova 's passengers 12 days later
Feb 6th : We passed the Europa , a smaller and more rustic ship later on in the channel
Feb 6th : A Skua about to take flight - mouseover image to see me taking the picture
Feb 6th : Gentoo Penguins making their way down the poop stained snow pathways - mouseover to see 'em in action
Feb 6th : We found a Snowman in Antarctica - mouseover image for less serious picture
Feb 6th : View from the Zodiac as we enter Neko Harbor , Antarctica
Feb 6th : View from ashore looking back at the Ocean Nova
Feb 6th : It was fascinating to watch the bonding between the parents and chicks
A darn cute pair of Gentoo Penguin chicks - mouseover image to see the family in action
Feb 6th : Gentoo Penguins go for a swim - mouseover to see next underwater stroke
Feb 6th : We saw ( and heard ) several spectacular glacier calvings - mouseover image to see the whole arch fall !
Feb 6th : Captain Alexey keeps a close eye on the Orlova in the Lemaire Channel that evening
Feb 6th : Ocean Nova Cabin # 309 - my " home " for almost three weeks
Feb 7th : Alek at Port Charcot - our last stop in Antarctica
Feb 7th : Glen got the shot of Paul , James , and Kyle doing the " Polar Plunge " in sub - zero salt water !
Video
Feb 7th : The last Antarctic wildlife as photographed from the Zodiac on the way back to the ship
Feb 7th :
The last passenger off the last Zodiac signs in - me !
Feb 7th : One of several piles of Wellington Boots - the wooden " boot remover " ( back left ) worked great
Feb 7th : Looking back at the Zodiac gangway as everything is stowed away
Feb 7th : This was posted nearby ... glad we never needed it ... but the next Ocean Nova trip did ! ;-)
Feb 7th : Last view of Antarctica - mouseover image for view without the ship in it
Feb 8th : Alek reviewing pictures despite not feeling too well - more due to a cold than the rough seas
Feb 9th : Kyle , James , and Paul enjoy the last evening onboard the ship
Feb 9th : I gave the slide show the last night onboard the Ocean Nova - mouseover image for other picture
We docked the morning of Feb 10th , 2009 - it felt good to be back on land after 19 days at sea !
The Ocean Nova would depart that evening with a new Captain and another group of passengers
On Feb 17th , the Ocean Nova ran aground in Marguerite Bay near the Argentine research station San Martin
It was eventually freed and all crew / passengers were fine - more details / pics here
In the world of design , anything is susceptible to an image overhaul .
Even the most uninspiring of household furniture , a bookshelf for example , can be redesigned until it , well , no longer remotely resembles a bookshelf .
And this is exactly what design is about ; seeing something from an angle that no - one else has seen , and making it real .
The results are here for all to see .
Some are practical , some are space saving , others are simply stunning to look at .
So if you ’re thinking of a living - room redesign , take some inspiration from the cool bookshelves below and liven up your literary collection !
1. Infinity Bookshelf
Designer Job Koelewijn broke the mould when he designed his Infinity Bookcase .
Using the mathematical concept of Lemniscate as a design basis , similar to that of the Mobius Strip , Koelewijn ’s bookcase is a physical representation of infinity , as it only technically has one continuous side .
Which means that if you read all the way round the bookcase , you would be reading forever .
And ever .
2. Polar Bear Shelf
An explanation as so to what the Polar Bear Shelf would perhaps be a little patronising .
In short , it ’s a shelving unit in the shape of a polar bear , but you knew that already .
A superb piece of novelty furniture , especially for an animal lover , the polar bear shelf is also incredibly practical , as it ’s near ‘ to scale ’ size means there is enough room for all your books - plus your next door neighbour’s .
3. Andreas Hegert Bookshelf
The days of digging out your dusty spirit level to make sure your new shelves are completely flat are a thing of the past if Andreas Hegert ’s shelving design is anything to go by .
With no acknowledgement to the linear or the right angle , his trio of shelves simply resemble scribbles on paper moulded into shelves .
With shelves ranging from 40 cm to one metre in length , the design is , on paper , as practical as the standard book case , although as these images demonstrate , this is unlikely to be the case .
4. Inverted Bookshelf
Without the books attached , the Inverted Bookshelf looks more like a piece of drunken DIY gone badly wrong .
With a selection of books hanging below , it looks like a David Blaine optical illusion , and will definitely confuse your guests for a little while at least .
Instead of supporting your books from the bottom , the Inverted Bookshelf suspends them underneath , without , of course , not damaging the books in process to create an entertaining little optical illusion .
5. Movement Bookshelf
As a design , the Movement Bookshelf is probably one of the most opinion splitting bookshelves on the list .
Bent nails are placed in formation to hold individual books in position , the end result being a series of what look like book - based cartoon characters sitting on your wall .
For some , shelves do n’t come much cooler .
For others , the giant polar bear is a much more viable option all of a sudden .
6 . The Cave Bookshelf
It may seem like a mere novel idea on the surface , but the Cave Bookshelf is a lot more practical than it looks .
Given the need that many homes have for extra space , the Cave combines a book case and a chair without the need for any extra room .
As well as providing a novel environment for reading , it can even act as a partition between two rooms , allowing you to maximise your living space .
In fact , the Cave is probably more of an interior redesign tool than it is a bookshelf !
7. Folding Bookshelf
When it comes to flexibility , the Folding Bookshelf is unrivalled .
Despite the strength of the cherry wood from which it is made , the bookshelf can be folded like paper , meaning you can fully customise your shelving and how you want your books to look .
Place your books vertically or horizontally , or turn them 90° - however you want them to look , its likely that the Folding Bookshelf can cater for it .
8. Bookstairs
Owning a lot of books does n’t mean you have to dedicate one of your rooms to housing them .
In fact , there are so many spaces where you can not only store your books , but make them a furniture centre piece .
In this London house , the stairs up the loft became individual bookshelves , and the space saving result became a spectacular and unique design feature .
With a small library underneath and around the stairs however , allow yourself more time for nipping downstairs for a glass of water in the middle of the night !
9. Bookshelf Rafters
Leaving rafters exposed is now considered a design feature , as opposed to a sign of lazy builders leaving a job half done !
What rafters also do is provide more storage space , such as this ceiling - book - shelving system .
Perhaps better suited to storing older books however , as regular trips up the step ladder may become a little tedious !
10 . Triangle Shelf
Introducing some storage space into a room used to mean a complete redesign to fit in a cumbersome bookcase or shelving unit .
Not any more .
This triangular shelving system consists of a series of ( surprisingly ) triangular shelves that fit together to mould around your existing furniture .
Rather like ivy sprawling down the side of a building , the Triangle Shelf can be perfectly incorporated into your room ’s current design , and , by adding more shelves , should be able to cope comfortably with your book collection .
11 . Hanging Bookshelves
The Hanging Bookshelf was designed to reverse any preconceived ideas about the bookshelf being the heaviest and most cumbersome item of furniture in the room .
Lightweight and fragile , the Hanging Bookshelf is suspended from the ceiling and keeps the books in suspension , making it easy for them to be plucked off and replaced at leisure .
Probably not ideal to hang in the middle of the room with small children or animals around , though !
12 . Bibliochaise
Ever sat down to start a new book , made yourself comfortable and remembered you had n’t quite finished the last one ?
With the Bibliochaise , your next read or your last one will always be in reaching distance , meaning you wo n’t even have to get up to switch books .
Shaped like a normal armchair , the Bibliochaise can store up to 5 linear metres of books at any one time in customisable shelves .
13 . Neverending Bookshelf
Sometimes practicality is simply forced to make way for stunning design .
Not many bookshelves can claim that they represent the mathematical exploration into the concept of infinity , but this one does exactly that .
You ’ll probably spend that much time looking for the ‘ end ’ of the shelf that your time spent reading will diminish , but it will prove an excellent talking point with new visitors to your house .
The question of where to put it is the first issue to deal with however .
14 . Geometric Modular Shelving
The ultimate in personalising your interior design , Geometric Modular Shelving allows you to create whatever shape you like with individual square and triangular bookshelves .
Create a scene on your living room wall , or if you ’re feeling vain , spell out your own name - the choice is yours .
Oh , and they keep your books together too .
15 . Cell Bookshelf
Similar to the Neverending Bookshelf ( although not in design ) , the Cell Bookshelf is more like a piece of art than a practical piece of furniture .
Somewhat resembling a pea pod , it features nine ‘ cells ’ , gradually getting larger as the move down .
Although not strictly a book case , the ‘ cells ’ are ideal for storing books , and even if you decide to keep your literature safely stowed in the attic , the Cell will look just as cool empty leaning in the corner .
16 . Quad Bookshelves
Great aesthetic design is one thing , but combining it with multi-functioning practicality is a well sought after rarity .
The Quad Bookshelving system manages to combine the two effortlessly .
Maximising space by using geometrical shapes to facilitate increased storage , the Quad Bookshelf is ideal for storing CDs , DVDs and files and folders as well as your books .
And because of the design , separate Quad Bookshelves can be joined together when the time comes to expand your storage space , making them a worthwhile investment .
17 . Storyline Shelf
Young Dutch designer Frederick Roije ’s Storyline Shelf is perhaps the most uniquely and thoughtfully crafted shelf on the list on the list .
Before designing , a word is processed into sound waves , and the physical shape produced is mirrored in powder coated steel to create a completely individual design .
So not only will your bookshelf be one of a kind , it will also be a physical representation of a word of your choice .
Oh , and it also stores a few books as well .
18 . The Brace Case
Designer Ward Huting ’s innovative storage system may push the boundaries of what can be defined as a ‘ shelf ’ somewhat , but for its ultimate customisability and striking design it deserves a place in the list .
The Brace Case itself clamps to the floor and ceiling hence it can be fully customised to fit whatever space you have available , and the brace cables can be attached at various angles , exactly as you like , meaning you can change their set up in order to store a bigger or heavier item , for example .
Or just more books , for that matter .
19 . Bookcase Bed
Forget blow up beds or sofa - bed combinations - if you ’re looking for extra sleeping space , Karen Babel ’s latest design is as spatially efficient as it is uniquely decorative .
Consisting of four interlocking pieces that can be put together to make either a single or a double bed , the individual pieces of the Bookcase Bed slot around 5 storage compartments when not in use to create unusual bookcase .
Whether or not you like the design , bedtime reading will never be the same again ..
20 . Flying Vee
There are two things that every non-artistic person can draw ; stickmen , and a flock of birds .
So in homage to the latter , the Flying Vee shelving series was designed .
Rather self explanatory in name , each separate Vee can be fixed to the world in either a ‘ V ’ shape or a ‘ U ’ shaped , with books resting open on top of them .
Whether you arrange them to look like a flock of seagulls , or use the varying shapes to differentiate between fiction and non-fiction , you ’ll be able to personalise your living room wall like never before .
Despite dropping his last fight , a decision to Takeya Mizugaki in WEC , Crystal Lake ’s Jeff Curran has lots to look forward to in the immediate future .
Curran will once again fight in the promotion he co-owns and promotes , The X - treme Fighting Organization .
The former WEC feather / bantamweight will headline the XFO ’s December event against an opponent to be named .
He is undefeated in the XFO cage sporting a record of 4-0 .
Curran also has two other big announcements he was proud to make .
First , the Big Frog will hop over the Atlantic to compete next week in the Abu Dhabi Combat Club at Barcelona , Spain .
The ADCC is considered world ’s top no - gi submission wrestling tournament .
Many of MMA ’s top submission artists compete in this invitation only grappling tournament including : Ronaldo “ Jacare ” Souza , Rani Yahya , Fabricio Werdum , Gabriel Gonzaga and Renato “ Babalu ” Sobral .
Curran ’s good friend Marcello Garcia is one of the best competitors ever in ADCC .
He is the top seed in the 76.9 kg and under division , having won the title in this class the last three times .
Curran , a black belt in Brazilian Jiu Jitsu under Pedro Sauer , will compete in the 65.9 kg and under division which also includes WEC fighters Rani Yahy a( the top seed ) and Urijah Faber .
Another Chicago - based BJJ practioner is heading to Spain for the big tourney , women ’s champion Hanette Staack .
She trains at Carlson Gracie Jr. ’s academy in Old Town .
Staack is the top seed in the women ’s 60 kg and over division .
Strikeforce women ’s champion Cristiane “ Cyborg ” Santos is also competing in this division .
Curran ’s other big announcement was the return of Matt “ Sunshine ” Fiordirosa to the Curran Academy .
Fiordirosa gained fame from his memorable appearance in the first season of the Tapout show .
“ Sunshine ” has been out of MMA competition for a while .
He was supposed to fight in the Ironheart Crown last November , but his opponent Steve Kinnison dropped out .
No word on Fiordirosa ’s next fight , however he will coach wrestling at Curran ’s school .
I was shocked the other day to hear that Mark Levin had responded on the air to my prior post in which I offered helpful hints on how to tell true conservatives from pseudo - cons like Levin .
The reason I was shocked is that I found out that there are still people out there who consider Levin to be a conservative .
Who knew ?
I had always assumed that everyone knew this guy had long ago revealed himself as a liberty - hating left - winger , as you can see from his remarks about Ron Paul in the above video .
Check at the 1:30 mark where he tells the Ron Paul supporter " You 're the ones who do n't understand the Constitution .
You 're the ones who misread the Constitution . "
Now this is odd behavior , even for a " neo " conservative like Levin .
Everyone who knows anything about the Texas Congressman knows that of all the members of both houses of Congress , Ron has the voting record that is most in tune with the Constitution .
Paul , who is a medical doctor , has acquired the nickname " Doctor No " precisely because he regularly records the sole vote against any of a number of measures that gain otherwise unanimous support .
He does so because he is a strict believer in the limited powers of the federal government imposed by the Constitution and will not vote to expand those powers .
Levin , by comparison , has built his career on posing as a believer in a strict interpretation of the Constitution .
Yet when confronted with the emergence in the 2008 presidential race of a true adherent to strict constitutional interpretation , his knee - jerk reaction was to denounce Paul .
Why is anybody 's guess , but I imagine it was because the presence of Paul on the scene unmasked Levin and the rest of the neoconservatives as imposters .
I realize that most people are incapable of telling the difference between a true conservative like me and a poser like Levin .
Here 's one hint :
The minute I heard Paul was running for president I endorsed him .
Any conservative would have .
No presidential candidate since Barry Goldwater has represented such a faithful adherence to conservative philosophy in America .
So I got a good laugh when the radio Republicans like Levin and Sean Hannity flew into a rage at the mere mention of Ron 's name .
That 's the key to understanding why these guys are not real conservatives .
Note in the above clip when Levin says " the founders were not libertarians . "
What founders is he talking about ?
Certainly not John Adams , who said " The only maxim of a free government ought to be to trust no man living with power to endanger the public liberty . "
Certainly not Sam Adams , who said , " Driven from every other corner of the earth , freedom of thought and the right of private judgment in matters of conscience , direct their course to this happy country as their last asylum . "
Certainly not Thomas Jefferson , who said ....
But why bother ?
I could provide a hundred quotes to the effect that the founders were , above all , libertarians .
The Constitution they wrote consists of one restriction after another on the powers of the federal government and of the majority .
And no one shows more fealty to that document than Ron Paul .
The big lie of the neocons is that American conservatism is no longer inherently libertarian .
It was throughout history , until the neocons took over .
As late as 1964 , we had a libertarian running for president as a Republican , Barry Goldwater .
That was also the year that the liberty - loving congressman Howard Buffett died , and was called an " ultra - conservative " in his obituary precisely because he held the same small - government views Paul now espouses .
Those views were not compatible with the neocon idea that the Beltway crowd should use American taxpayer dollars to extend the American welfare state to Iraq .
That 's why these guys hated Ron Paul .
But that 's not the worst part of this clip .
Note at the end where Levin calls Ron Paul " RuPaul . "
Is he so sophomoric that he thinks this is witty ?
For this to be witty , there would have to be some underlying joke , i.e. if Ron Paul was a large African - American transvestite running for president , it might be funny to call him " RuPaul . "
But he 's not .
And it's not the least bit funny , any more than Levin 's " laugh " lines about " The New York Slimes " and " The Washington Compost . "
Levin owes Ron Paul an apology .
He should be a man and admit he was wrong and Ron was right .
So if you like Levin , do him a favor .
Call him up and tell him you want to hear him admit he was wrong about " RuPaul . "
Tell him that if he wants to claim to be a conservative , it 's time for him to make a public apology to the single most prominent proponent of the Constitution in America , as Glenn Beck did .
Here 's an excerpt :
Beck would like the time machine to take him back eighteen months .
Why ?
To go back to when he was calling Ron Paul a " crackpot on so many issues . "
Now , he laments , " Gosh .
I 'd like to reexamine all those issues . "
Until Levin re-examines how wrong he was on Ron Paul , just tune him out and listen to Michael Savage on WOR in that time frame .
Both these guys are essentially entertainers .
And Mike is a lot more entertaining - and a lot less irritating .
ALSO NOTE : The Southern Avenger 's take on Glenn Beck 's apology to Ron Paul .
COMMENTS : I 'm getting a bit tired of comments from people who claim not to understand the difference between true or " paleo " conservatives such as Ron Paul an the fake " neo " conservatives .
Here is a site that gives a good rundown on real conservatism .
Read some of the links and familiarize yourself with the nature of real vs. neo conservatism before commenting .
This is mandatory reading .
Do not comment until having done the assignment , boys and girls .
To my dismay , I have actually heard a stall neighbor eating something before .
Something very crunchy .
Seriously , guys .
Nibbles on the throne ?
That 's foul .
And they say a bowl of nuts at a bar has germs ...
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
The Beatles : Reissues reviews
Music Home / Entertainment Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
We have reached a point where the announcement that a band is having its entire catalog reissued is more likely to be met with skepticism than breathless anticipation .
( If you 're looking for someone to blame for this , we would suggest that you start with Messrs .
Costello , Bowie , and the Glimmer Twins . )
The one band that could make the most from the reissue game , ironically , refuses to play it ; the Beatles have always been cautious when it came to hawking their wares – it took an act of God just to get the Red and Blue compilations issued on CD – so when word came that they would be reissuing their entire catalog with a spiffy remastering job ( including a set in mono , no less ) in conjunction with the release of " The Beatles : Rock Band , " no one scoffed .
The Beatles had earned the benefit of the doubt on these things .
Ah , but tastes and trends change .
Would they receive the same reverential treatment they had been afforded in the past ?
Resident Bullz - Eye audiophiles and Beatlemaniacs David Medsker and Jeff Giles sure as hell hoped so as they plowed through the reissues , praying that the most sacred collection of songs in the history of recorded music did n't get raped by a modern - day , tin-eared engineer who thinks everything should be loud , loud , LOUD !
What 's the verdict , gentlemen ?
DM : We 've heard some shitty - sounding records in the last few years , have n't we ?
JG : God , yes .
I think pop records take the brunt of the criticism for the compression fad , and rightly so , but try listening to a modern rock album and see how tired your ears feel afterward .
There 's just no dynamic in the major - label releases anymore ; everything is designed to leap out of your $ 10 earbuds or shitty car stereo speakers .
And that kind of thing has always had its place – hell , when I was making albums in the '90s , the " car test " was a time - honored tradition – but now it 's all there is , at least if you stick to what the majors are putting out .
DM : It seems ironic that vinyl is making a small comeback .
Would n't a traditional stereo system eat a modern - day mix job alive ?
JG : It would have to , would n't it ?
I mean , one of the things even the vinyl enthusiasts have to admit – and I think John Leckie talked about this in his interview with Mojo Flucke – is that vinyl 's dynamic limits are far less expansive than what you get with digital , so I can't even imagine what you 'd get if you put , say , a Pink album on a turntable .
Thinking about it makes my ears dizzy .
I do n't know how you felt about the Beatles remasters , but reissues are such a gimmick most of the time that going into these , it was hard for me not to be at least a little cynical .
DM : Well , sure .
Some of those new mixes on the Cirque du Soleil album Love were just a bit too clean , too sterile .
If they scrub these albums too much , they run the risk of stripping the songs of their souls .
JG : I see what you mean about Love , but it did n't bother me too much , because that album was just a magic trick , you know what I mean ?
I felt like it was more about the niftiness of being able to make the Beatles do a mash - up with themselves than anything to do with the songs themselves .
Kind of a 3 - D aural collage .
The original albums , though , are as sacrosanct as anything in pop music .
DM : Oh , I loved the mash - ups on Love – combining " Tomorrow Never Knows " with " Within You Without You " was genius – but when it came to the songs that were merely remixed as opposed to remodeled , I suddenly had a much stricter grading scale .
As you said , sacrosanct .
Get your damn hands off my Beatles .
Imagine my surprise , then , to hear that they absolutely fucking nailed it here .
JG : Yeah , they really did .
I guess part of it is just the inherent benefit of being the last kid on the block ; you know , you get to learn from everyone else 's mistakes , and use the best tools for the job .
But it 's more than that .
As we discussed in the beginning , very often " remastering " is just code for " compressed , " and the sonic warmth -- the soul you were talking about -- just gets crushed .
I think a lot of people are eyeing these remasters and assuming they probably sound worse , if anything , than the original transfers .
But these are real , honest - to - gosh remasters -- they 've been polished off and cleaned up , and when you listen to them , as much as I know this is a cornball phrase , it 's like you 're in the room with the band .
DM : I like the fact that the stuff that was supposed to sound a little dirty still sounds dirty , while the prettier stuff sounds gorgeous .
And no two songs demonstrate this better than " I Want You ( She 's So Heavy ) " and " Here Comes the Sun " from Abbey Road .
In fact , all of Abbey Road sounds amazing .
Well , the parts I listened to , anyway – I could n't bring myself to sit through " Maxwell 's Silver Hammer . "
JG : Absolutely .
In fact – and I feel silly just saying this – the remasters sound so good that they even make the songs I never liked tolerable .
You mentioned " I Want You ( She 's So Heavy ) , " which is a track I 've never had much patience for , along with " Come Together , " and I 'll happily sit through either of them now .
It does n't make logical sense -- these are great remasters , but they do n't reinvent the music -- but that 's how I feel .
And the stuff I always liked is now just ... I think I told you before that hearing the remastered " Penny Lane " outro is as close as I think I 'll probably ever come to a religious experience .
DM : The only song I 've noticed so far that does n't quite measure up is " Your Mother Should Know . "
That one 's a tad hot .
However , they redeemed themselves on " Strawberry Fields Forever , " even going so far as to eliminate that edit at the one - minute mark where you can clearly hear them cutting from the band version of the song to the orchestral version .
( If you 've never heard the edit in question on the original recording , do n't go looking for it ; you 'll never hear the song the same way again . )
I listened to it five times , and the edit is …gone .
How the hell did they do that ?
JG : Patience , care , and attention to detail – which might as well be the incantation of a magic spell , as far as most of the fuckwit mastering engineers working these days are concerned .
Of course , it helps that the original performances were so terrific , and that the tapes have been locked up in a vault that makes the Smithsonian look like an unattended table at a rainy flea market , but still – this is a job that would have been really easy to screw up .
It is n't like fewer people would have bought it if they 'd done a shoddy job , you know what I mean ?
DM : It was a very pleasant surprise to see the people responsible for the reissues show some respect to the consumer , yes .
JG : I think what really might be the best part of all this is the fact that having these remasters out encourages us to go back and re-listen to the catalog with ... maybe not fresh ears , exactly , but certainly a new appreciation .
I think we 've all gotten kind of jaded about the Beatles , and sort of stratified their catalog into stuff that works and stuff that does n't – you know , tried to knock them off their pedestals a little bit .
And okay , so maybe Yellow Submarine is still pretty dumb , but setting that aside , is there an album in the bunch that any other band would n't kill for ?
DM : No , not a one .
On The Beatles and Let It Be , the magic was clearly dying – sorry , but I decree that the White Album is overrated – but they still came up with " Helter Skelter , " " Dear Prudence , " " Revolution , " " Get Back , " " Across the Universe , " " Two of Us , " and " Let It Be . "
Even at their lowest , they were better than everyone else .
And these reissues are proof that not only are they better than everyone else , they 're even better than everyone else when it comes to maintaining their catalog .
Huzzah .
Update : it 's here ... or it will be in September .
Sony's Gamescom press conference in Cologne Germany is still a few hours away , but big announcements are n't made without large amounts of rumbling across the gaming press and retail sources .
We 've laid out the evidence of the PS3 Slim being made official today , but it looks as if Kmart has given up the latest bit of confirmation : a new PS3 is on its way , and it will cost $ 299.99 .
The ad was spotted earlier today by multiple sources and our inbox has likewise been flooded by reports from gamers surprised to see such public evidence of the Slim .
If you click on the ad , you 're taken to a preorder page for a $ 299.99 PS3 Slim .
Keep in mind that this sort of retail confirmation often happens before the pricing information is confirmed , but still ... a $ 300 PS3 Slim would be an amazing thing indeed .
That 's not all , however .
Sony has confirmed that the PlayStation Network will be taken offline " for maintenance " for two hours today ... during the Gamescom press conference .
That 's an awfully Apple - like move , and it 's possible the service will relaunch later today with new features or other surprises .
The PS3 Slim news is n't surprising , but updates to the PlayStation Network could involve many , many aspects of the service .
Wild speculation may begin in the comments .
We 'll receive confirmation in a few hours when the press conference begins , and we look forward to seeing how Sony handles " announcing " something that has been public knowledge for so long .
There are still many ways the company could surprise us in terms of features or pricing , but we 've been sure of the Slim 's existence and Sony 's timetable for introducing it since the Mole gave us the scoop back in May .
Since then we 've seen everything occur as the Mole predicted : bundles and price cuts as retailers blow out stock on the existing PS3 inventory and a complete lack of information on the system during E3 in order to keep consumer interest in existing configurations high .
The Mole also told us to expect final word in August or September .
The Mole may have stolen Sony 's playbook , but we 're still excited to get final details on the Slim as well as a likely price cut on existing hardware .
Sony could use some more buzz , and the company has quite the punishing collection of games coming in the next six months .
A $ 300 system being released with both Uncharted 2 and God of War 3 on the way — not to mention Heavy Rain — would go a long way to put the swagger back in Sony 's step .
Update : Kmart has pulled the ad .
Do you have questions about the PS3 ?
We get the majority of your concerns addressed by Sony 's John Koller .
You must have Adobe Flash Player to use this function .
By Jarrod Dicker
New Brunswick , NJ , USA
John Sinclair
It ain't fair , John Sinclair
In the stir for breathing air
Wo n't you care for John Sinclair ?
In the stir for breathing air
Let him be , set him free
Let him be like you and me
- John Sinclair by John Lennon
John Sinclair was sentenced to 10 years in prison after offering two joints to an undercover narcotics officer in 1969 .
The ridiculous sentencing of a known cultural revolutionist sparked a nationwide upheaval , leading renowned left wing fundamentalists to charge to Ann Arbor and form the notorious , “ Free John Now Rally . ”
Above are the lyrics sang by John Lennon at the Crisler Arena in December of 1971 where he stood on a bill with other attendees such as Yoko Ono , Allen Ginsberg , Stevie Wonder , Bob Seger and many others .
Eventually , the ten year sentence was shortened to three and a half years , and the movement forever now symbolizes the necessity of people to stand against the wrongdoings and persecution by the government , even in these more modern times .
But why did a movement form for this specific person ?
Why did all these “ left - wing luminaries ” venture to Ann Arbor to protest the sentencing of one man ?
Who is this , John Sinclair ?
Well , why do n’t we hear the history from the man himself ?
Jarrod Dicker and John Sinclair ...
THIRSTY : What kind of music would you say fed your artistic appetite growing up ?
Rock and Roll ?
Classical ?
JS : No , it was Rhythm and Blues ... on the radio .
I grew up in a little country town about 60 miles north of Detroit .
What happened was , I grew up in the ‘ 40s , born in 1941 .
That was way before television , if you could imagine that [ chuckle ] .
Well , in1950 T.V. started taking over , but before that all the entertainment was on the radio .
Variety shows , detective shows , dramas , comedies ... all that kind of stuff .
When television came along , all that when off the radio and they started just focusing on records .
Then around 1948 , they had the first black oriented station .
A few years later , they had them all over the country .
So this was what I listened to on the radio because television never got to me .
I did n’t like it ... a whole lotta shit [ haha ] .
But , I found these black oriented music stations and started listening to them .
It was the greatest stuff I ever heard in my life !
So I just stuck with that .
THIRSTY : Great .
So your time in the forties and fifties was spent indulged in Rhythm and Blues , then you ended up doing poetry ?
JS : Yes
THIRSTY : You wrote for an underground newspaper in Detroit called , “ The Fifth Estate . ”
Tell me a little about your time there .
JS : I was a columnist for The Fifth Estate .
I wrote an arts column , starting with their second issue .
As far as the underground was concerned , it was fairly influential .
It was the only place you would get that kind of information .
It was jazz , poetry , painting , film and other stuff like that .
The paper was public , but underground ... they just sold it on the streets .
They do n’t have the papers now like they did back then .
I still remain in contact with Peter Werbe who was editor for most of the time .
THIRSTY : How you got involved in the MC5 ?
Were you guys in a similar Detroit scene ?
JS : Well we lived in the same neighborhood in Detroit .
They were younger than I .
I had heard them play and thought , “ these guys are really good . ”
So I would go see them play every time they were around .
I became really close friends with the lead singer Rob Tyner and Wayne Kramer .
For about a year we were really close and somehow I ended up handling the affairs because no one else wanted to .
THIRSTY : Did you hold any more responsibilities in the MC5 beside managing ?
Were you a contributor to their lyrics , music , etc . ?
JS : No , not really .
I wrote one tune and that was it .
We were all growing and developing the MC5 concept .
We talked about it all the time .
We were totally focused in terms of developing talent and ideas .
So I worked with them to help move things to a higher level [ chucke ] .
I also played saxophone on the last number , every night for the last couple of years .
They always closed the show with an improvisational number , “ Black to Comm , ” so they let me play the saxophone on it .
THIRSTY : You were a renowned cultural revolutionist .
Did any of these ideas / feelings contradict those of the MC5 ?
JS : No , not until they fired me .
THIRSTY : Because of your involvement and creation of The White Panther Party ?
JS : Well , we all did that together .
It just came from them not wanting to do it anymore .
The White Panthers came to the call of the Black Panther party to aid them in their movement against persecution .
We wanted to say something to young white people that the Black Panther Party was a good thing .
It was wrong for the government to harass and attack and persecute them .
We responded to the call !
THIRSTY : So it basically did end because of contradicting beliefs about “ The Revolution ” and The White Panther Party ?
JS : After the release of the MC5 album , “ Kick Out the Jams ” in June 1969 , the band decided that this was n’t what they wanted to do .
So that built a lot of confusion amongst the fan base .
It created confusion about what exactly a white panther was .
What does it mean ?
The next thing was that the main three people in our organization were in prison .
So that had somewhat of a damper , but at the same time it built a lot of national interest because people were trying to get us outta prison .
THIRSTY : Did you ever come in contact or protest with Black Panther leaders , Bobby Seale and Huey Newton ?
JS : After a while we spent some time together .
Neither of us were really too much about the protest ... but we WORKED together , yea .
THIRSTY : In your book , Guitar Army ( 1972 ) , one of the major quotes is that , “ Rock and roll is a weapon of cultural revolution . ”
What are your feelings on that statement in these modern times ?
JS : To what cultural oppression [ haha ] !?!?
Pop culture in general is the main thing they use to keep young people from developing any ideas or activities that would threaten the status quo .
It ’s a charge into full sale of consumer society .
Once they had Woodstock festival and the merchandisers realized that this was a new market and not just a bunch of dope fiends they learned to profit .
Everything started to change and become worse .
And it gets worse every day .
THIRSTY : Do you think the state Rock & Roll is in right now is a reflection of culture and society ?
JS : The fact is that if you give people enough money , they ’ll do whatever you tell them to .
They bought them off .
Now all these musicians are millionaires .
It ’s not their interest to overthrow the social order ... it ’s in their investments and making them grow .
THIRSTY : So now to your infamous imprisonment .
You were sentenced ten years for two joints , correct ?
Did you hope this would further propel the cultural revolution ?
JS : I hoped this would indeed .
We fought back hard .
That ’s why I got out in 3 ½ years instead of 9 ½.
We fought tooth and nail .
After I was released , it was about 1975 .
I knew what was going on inside the prison , that there was a huge gathering and movement taking place outside .
THIRSTY : Did you have contact with any of the White Panthers while incarcerated ?
Or any of the musicians such as John Lennon ?
JS : The White Panther Party among the principle persons were my brother and my wife .
So they were also the people that were allowed to visit me and correspond freely with .
So even in prison , I was active in the organization , I sort of directed everything .
I was the stereotypical Mafioso in prison , directing the criminal “ underprise ” from his cell .
It was different back then also in prisons .
They did n’t have the millions of people locked up for weed and drugs .
They were mostly criminals who hurt other people and took their stuff .
THIRSTY : Yea , now America jails are filled with culprits of petty and stupid crimes .
JS : It ’s all under the control mechanism .
Like Disney Studio and MTV ... Rolling Stone ... controlling their branch of the media .
It ’s sickening .
THIRSTY : So once you were released , where did you center most of your time ?
JS : Ann Arbor is where I spent most of it .
We kind of morphed from the White Panther Party to the Rainbow Peoples Party .
We decided that rather be a national radical organization , we would rather organize in our local community and try to take over and reform institutions .
The ultimate goal was to gain elective office like the sheriff or city council , stuff like that .
We eventually elected two people to the city council in the Human Rights Party , but everything fell apart when we tried to campaign for sheriff .
The most academic campus based leftists had a moral dilemma with that ... being sheriff .
THIRSTY : Ahh , c’mon .
We needed a change !
JS : I know .
We were psychedelic Marxists / Leninists .
Maoists on ACID ! [ chuckles ]
So I thought controlling the sheriff ’s office would be the best possible place to start .
We ’d be able to arrest the landlords !
We were trying to be revolutionary , so we were studying Lenin and Maoism and figuring out how to make it work in America .
Of course , we did n’t figure it out , but we definitely tried pretty hard .
We might have been wrong but we tried pretty hard .
THIRSTY : John Lennon made his voice clear in coming to your aid while you were in prison .
Did you maintain a relationship with John after incarceration ?
JS : We were going to do a big project together in 1972 .
He got into trouble because he came and helped me out in Ann Arbor .
After that , we were going to have a coalition and put on concerts all around the country .
And kind of follow Nixon around .
We planned to have free concerts outside wherever he was going , ending with a 3 day outdoor festival in front of the Republican National Convention .
That was the idea .
But they [ management ] put so much pressure on him and drove him out of the plan .
He was all for it , he just could n’t sustain it because he did n’t have any rights .
He was a British subject .
Eventually we lost touch .
He retreated from public life for quite a few years .
THIRSTY : You currently reside in Amsterdam .
When did you decide to venture overseas ?
JS : I was in the states until 2003 , then I left for Amsterdam .
After the Rainbow Peoples Party folded , some of us moved back to Detroit .
There , we were active in support of the administration for Coleman A . Young , the first black mayor .
Then I went back to the Detroit artistic community and worked with jazz artists , poets and people like that .
We would develop projects , produce concerts , record , do radio shows , all that kind of stuff for the Detroit Jazz Center .
When Ronald Reagan ( 1980 ) came in , that was all over [ haha ] .
Then I worked with a Rock and Roll band for a few years .
I was with my second wife at this time and had two daughters ... and she had two daughters ... so I worked in the music business in Detroit to feed my kids and get them through school .
I managed bands locally , booked clubs , etc. Later , I worked with the Detroit Council of the Arts .
I edited the city ’s arts magazine and was on the radio at WDET .
And then , in 1991 I moved to New Orleans .
THIRSTY : Wow .
That must have been an exciting move for such a music enthusiast .
What did you do there ?
JS : Well I moved there in ’91 and ended up being there for the next twelve years .
I loved it there and was on the radio at WWOZ .
I formed my band , “ The Blues Scholars ” there .
We performed a lot .
I also spent time writing for music magazines and newspapers .
THIRSTY : So since you left in 2003 , you were n’t lucky enough to escape the Bush - era .
JS : Bush came in .
That was what made me think about leaving .
I always liked America , until then .
But then , you could see that it was n’t going to be right after they stole the election and nobody said anything .
That ’s what blew my mind .
I happened to have been in Amsterdam for the Cannabis Cup during the 2000 election .
We watched it on television .
We watched them take the election and saw Gore pitch away to the Republican goons who were doing the same stuff they ’re doing now with healthcare and energy .
You know ... the phony town meetings .
And in 2000 , the Republican Party sent all these operatives down there [ FLA ] to pose as irate local citizens .
They stormed the place where the recount was going on and demanded that it stop .
So then Gore just said , “ ok ” and that was it .
I said , “ wow , this is n’t gonna be fun after this .
It ’s gonna get kind of ugly . ”
Then they had the 2002 congressional elections where the right wing took over every fucking institution in the country , After that ... I was terrified .
I was in New Orleans having a ball but I was starving .
I could n’t make a living properly .
And I finally concluded that if I ’m gonna starve here , I might as well starve in Amsterdam [ chuckle ] .
So I did .
THIRSTY : How are you liking it over there ?
Easier to make a living ?
JS : I write , I perform , I travel a lot .
I ’m a popular informant for documentary films .
I ’m not just about the ‘ 60 s but am also a first class expert on New Orleans and R&B music .
So I often perform and do poetry ( John recently joined The Black Crowes onstage in Amsterdam to read his original poems ) and a lot of writing .
My new book , “ It ’s All Good , ” is out on paperback and my new CD from Detroit , “ Detroit Life ” just released .
I maintain a blog regularly and have a free radio station in Amsterdam .
So as you can see , my time is being spent well .
THIRSTY : Thanks John .
It has been a pleasure .
JS : Thank you
Links :
If you have a tendency to jump shrieking on to a table when you see a mouse , look away now — a species of rat the size of a cat has been discovered .
The outsized rodent , which has been named the Bosavi woolly rat , is almost 3ft long and weighs in at 3.3 lb .
It was found trapped inside the crater of Mount Bosavi , an extinct volcano on Papua New Guinea , which has been described as a “ lost world ” in which scientists have found some 40 previously undiscovered species .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The rat has dense silvery grey fur and the shape of its teeth suggests it is primarily a vegetarian .
It is thought to live in subterranean nests .
The animal was found by a BBC Natural History Unit film crew and Dr Kristofer Helgen , of the Smithsonian Institute in Washington DC .
“ This is the one of the world 's largest rats , ” he said .
“ It is a true rat , related to the same kind you find in the city sewers , but a heck of a lot bigger . ”
Initially , the giant rat was first captured on film by an infrared camera trap , which BBC wildlife cameraman Gordon Buchanan set up in the forest on the slopes of the volcano .
The expedition team recorded the rat rummaging around on the forest floor , and were awed by its size .
Immediately , they suspected it could be a species never before recorded by science , but they needed to see a live animal to be sure .
Then trackers accompanying the team managed to trap a live specimen .
“ I had a cat and it was about the same size as this rat , ” said Buchanan .
The rat ’s coat may help it survive the wet and cold conditions that can occur within the high volcano crater .
The location where the rat was discovered lies at an elevation of over 1,000m .
Initial investigations suggest that the rat belongs to the genus Mallomys , which also contains |a handful of other out - sized species .
Some of the other new species found include a fanged frog , a fish that grunts , and a gecko .
The fish has been called the henamo grunter because of the noises it makes with its swim bladder .
The first episode of Lost Land of the Volcano , a series on Mount Bosavi , will screen at 9 pm tomorrow on BBC One .
Source : The Belfast Telegraph
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. job losses fell to their lowest level in a year last month , but the unemployment rate jumped to a 26 - year high , painting a mixed picture of an economic recovery hindered by weakness in the labor market .
The Labor Department said on Friday the jobless rate climbed to 9.7 percent in August , the highest since June 1983 .
The bigger - than - expected rise suggested weak consumer spending would impede recovery from the worst slump in seven decades .
Employers cut 216,000 jobs , the smallest since August 2008 , but the department revised upward the June and July job losses by 49,000 .
“ Things are much better than they were six months ago , but the patient is still somewhat sick and on the road to recovery , ” said Jack Bauer , a senior economist at Manning & Napier in Rochester , New York .
“ The recession ended probably somewhere around June , but the recovery is going to be muted . ”
The jobs report confirmed the pace of layoffs had eased from early this year .
Nearly three - quarters of a million jobs were lost in January alone .
Analysts had expected non-farm employers to cut 225,000 workers from their payrolls in August and had looked for the unemployment rate to rise to only 9.5 percent after dipping to 9.4 percent in July .
U.S. stocks initially fell as investors focused on the surge in the unemployment rate , but reversed course to end higher for a second straight session as the focus turned to the smaller - than - expected decline in non-farm payrolls ..
“ The trajectory is in the right direction , ” White House economic adviser Christina Romer said .
While the U.S. economy appears to have pulled out of the recession that began in December 2007 , unemployment is expected to continue to mount for the next several months .
A Reuters survey showed most big banks that do business directly with the Federal Reserve expect the jobless rate to peak by the first quarter of 2010 and believe the U.S. central bank will start raising interest rates only next year .
Interest rate futures indicate the Fed is likely to push back the date it will begin raising benchmark interest rates from their current level near zero percent .
Finance leaders meeting in London agree on the need to keep economic life - support policies in place as they seek to nurse the global economy back to health , G7 sources told Reuters .
The Labor Department said employers cut 216,000 jobs , the smallest since August 2008 , and revised job losses for June and July to show 49,000 more jobs lost than previously reported .
REUTERS / Graphics
DISCOURAGED JOB SEEKERS RETURN
The U.S. unemployment rate in August was partially lifted by the return to the labor force of some jobless workers who had given up looking for work , but the main cause was a big drop in employment .
A gauge of labor market slack that measures both the officially unemployed and discouraged job seekers rose to a record 16.8 percent in August from 16.3 percent in July .
The report showed about 5 million people had been unemployed for more than six months .
“ If you ’ve been unemployed for a long time , it makes it harder to get a job , ” Charles Kramer , the International Monetary Fund ’s mission chief to the United States , told Reuters .
Since the start of the recession , the economy has shed 6.9 million jobs .
The government has rolled out a $ 787 billion package of spending and tax cuts to rescue the economy .
The stimulus package has created or sustained 150,000 jobs in its first 100 days and would add 600,000 more during its second 100 days , Vice President Joe Biden has said .
MORE JOBS IN HEALTH , EDUCATION
Manufacturing employment fell 63,000 last month , pushing the total number of factory jobs lost since the start of the recession to 2 million .
Construction industry payrolls dropped 65,000 after falling 73,000 in July .
The service - providing sector purged 80,000 workers in August , while goods - producing industries shed 136,000 positions .
Education and health services added 52,000 jobs in August after increasing payrolls by 21,000 in July .
“ We are on track to break even on jobs by the end of the year and will be producing positive jobs growth in the first part of ... 2010 , ” said Phil Orlando , chief equity market strategist at Federated Investors in New York .
Still , Orlando cautioned that consumer spending , which normally accounts for about two - thirds of U.S. economic activity , was likely to be sluggish for some time .
“ The consumer is going to lag .
The pieces that are going to drive this recovery are strong overseas growth , the weak dollar and export growth , which is going to drive a sharp inventory growth commencing this quarter . ”
The length of the average workweek , which closely correlates with overall output and gives clues on when firms will start hiring , held steady at 33.1 hours in August .
Average hourly earnings rose to $ 18.65 in August from $ 18.59 in July .
PRECISELY one year ago , we lucky taxpayers took over Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the mortgage finance giants that contributed mightily to the wild and crazy home - loan - boom - turned - bust .
In that rescue operation , the Treasury agreed to pony up as much as $ 200 billion to keep Fannie in the black , coughing up cash whenever its liabilities exceed its assets .
According to the company ’s most recent quarterly financial statement , the Treasury will , by Sept. 30 , have handed over $ 45 billion to shore up the company ’s net worth .
It is still unclear what the ultimate cost of this bailout will be .
But thanks to inquiries by Representative Alan Grayson , a Florida Democrat , we do know of another , simply outrageous cost .
As a result of the Fannie takeover , taxpayers are paying millions of dollars in legal defense bills for three top former executives , including Franklin D. Raines , who left the company in late 2004 under accusations of accounting improprieties .
From Sept. 6 , 2008 , to July 21 , these legal payments totaled $ 6.3 million .
With all the turmoil of the financial crisis , you may have forgotten about the book - cooking that went on at Fannie Mae .
Government inquiries found that between 1998 and 2004 , senior executives at Fannie manipulated its results to hit earnings targets and generate $ 115 million in bonus compensation .
Fannie had to restate its financial results by $ 6.3 billion .
Almost two years later , in 2006 , Fannie ’s regulator concluded an investigation of the accounting with a scathing report .
“ The conduct of Mr. Raines , chief financial officer J. Timothy Howard , and other members of the inner circle of senior executives at Fannie Mae was inconsistent with the values of responsibility , accountability , and integrity , ” it said .
( h/t CSPAN Junkie for this video , which shows a different moral busybody in action . )
We always knew it would come to this .
It 's never really about abortion , it 's about sex - and punishing the people who think they can act like sluts and get away with it instead of feeling God 's wrath !
TALLAHASSEE --
A nationwide anti-abortion group launched an effort in Florida Friday to outlaw all abortions and certain types of birth control , including oral contraceptives and the morning - after pill .
The religion - infused movement , called " Personhood Florida , " would define conception in Florida 's constitution at the " biological beginnings , " supporters said -- when the sperm meets the egg .
The group filed its amendment today but the exact ballot language is still being worked out , said Secretary of State Spokeswoman Jennifer Krell - Davis .
The amendment seeks to outlaw all abortions , even in cases of rape and incest .
Also criminalized : the morning - after pill and oral contraceptives taken by women , known as the pill .
" There are some ( birth control ) methods that kill a child , " said Pat McEwan , who is leading the Personhood Florida group .
The amendment faces extremely long odds .
First , supporters must gather 676,811 signatures to make the ballot -- by Feb. 1 , to go before voters in 2010 .
And Florida has a 60 - percent threshold for constitutional amendments to become law , a very difficult hurdle even for less radical ideas .
In Colorado , the only state where the " personhood " amendment has appeared on the ballot , voters overwhelmingly rejected the idea by an almost three - to - one margin .
Even if adopted by voters , the amendment runs counter to Roe v. Wade , the 1973 U.S. Supreme Court opinion that held the U.S. Constitution grants women the basic right to an abortion .
Supporters say they 're pushing the personhood amendment not only in Florida , but in a dozen other states .
Did you know that in most states , you can brew up to 100 gallons of beer or wine per adult in your home , 200 gallons max ?
So why are you still buying it from the supermarket ?
Advertisement
To put that into perspective , 200 gallons will fill roughly 2000 12 oz bottles of beer or about 1000 standard 750 mL bottles of wine .
You can't sell it , that 's illegal , but you can drink it yourself .
While setting sail on a river of beer might seem enticing , many people are wary of homebrewing because it appears to be overly complex and scientific — but the truth is that basic beer and winemaking is n't much more difficult than making soup .
And the best part is that doing it yourself can have you enjoying a better quality of beverage at a substantially reduced cost .
Advertisement
Ingredients
With both wine and beer , your finished product is only as good as your ingredients .
As a beginner , I urge you to stick with all - in - one ingredient kits or extract recipies until you are ready to commit the time and additional equipment expense to branch out into more complex recipes like all grain brewing and wine from whole grapes .
Kits are relatively inexpensive and include all of the ingredients and instructions to make a particular style of beer or wine .
For example , I recently purchased a Hefeweizen kit ( with liquid yeast upgrade ) for about $ 40 .
Throw in six gallon jugs of spring water and I 'm going to end up with about 50 bottles of quality beer for about 85 cents apiece .
Even the cheapest beer costs around a buck a bottle when purchased at a store .
Wine kits work in much the same way and will usually run you between $ 70 and $ 200 on average .
So , if you were looking for an everyday wine , a $ 70 kit with a bag of corks and six gallons of spring water ( for the concentrated grape juice ) would yield 30 bottles of wine at less than $ 3 a bottle .
It 's not going to be a world - class wine or anything , but its probably going to be on par with bottles you would pay twice as much for in a store .
Keep in mind that ingredient kits are sometimes bundled with starter equipment kits , which could mean greater savings .
Sanitation and Water
Outside of the main ingredients , various sanitary compounds and bottled water will usually be your only other repeat purchases .
Near obsessive compulsive sanitation practices are of the utmost importance , so you will definitely need compounds like One - Step no rinse sanitizer or Sodium Metabisulfite ( wine only ) .
These compounds only cost a few dollars for a decent supply and can be bought in bulk if necessary .
Homebrewers are fussy about their water and there are a lot of contradictory opinions floating around about what type of water you should be using .
Generally , the rule of thumb is spring water for beer because it lacks off odors and flavors and it possesses nutrients that feed the yeasts needed for fermentation .
Some claim that distilled water is best for wine because of its purity while others claim that it should be avoided because it has been stripped of nutrients .
As far as I 'm concerned , spring water is probably your best bet in both cases .
Obviously , buying this in the store will bring your overall costs up — but tap water is going to be fine as long as it is thoroughly filtered .
Advertisement
Equipment
There is a startup cost associated with this hobby of course , but your investment will eventually pay for itself if you are brewing in any significant quantity .
As I noted earlier , the ingredients and various sanitation compounds that you will be buying again and again are inexpensive when compared to a finished product you buy at the store .
Most homebrewing stores or online merchants will offer a starter 's set that will provide most if not all of the necessary gadgets and equipment for up to $ 100 ( without ingredients ) .
Plus , basic beer and winemaking can be done at home with ( mostly ) the same set of tools .
You may even have some of this stuff lying around the house already .
Advertisement
Standard Beer Starter 's Kit :
• 6.5 gallon plastic fermenting bucket
• Bottling bucket with spigot
• Airlock -
Allows gases to escape during fermentation without air exposure ; comes in several varieties
• Triple - scale hydrometer - Lets you take measurements on sugar percentage , alcohol potential and specific gravity
• Bottle capper -
There are several varieties , but most kits will come with a standard handheld version
• Racking stem -
Part of the siphon system that is used to " rack " or transfer wine / beer into different containers
• Siphon tubing
• Spring - loaded bottle filler
• Cleaning brushes
• Rubber stoppers
Advertisement
Necessities That Might Not Come With Your Starter Kit :
• One big -ass brew kettle - 20 quart is fine , but I urge picking up a 30 quart that allows you to brew up more wort ( unfermented beer ) without worrying about boil over .
Stainless steel is recommended .
I was able to purchase the kettle above for $ 75 at my local brewmaster store , but you might be able to find something even cheaper at Walmart or on Craigslist .
• Floating thermometer -
These are only a few bucks at Walmart .
• Long Handled Spoon -
You probably already own something that would work .
• Around fifty 12 oz brown glass beer bottles , forty 16 oz bottles or thirty 22 oz bottles for a standard 5 gallon batch - Start saving your empties now , because these are a ripoff to buy separately .
• A long , shallow plastic bin -
These are great for sterilizing your instruments with a minimum of water and solution .
You may also want to consider a large , deep bucket if your sink is n't big enough to properly fit your kettle and icewater when it comes time to chill the wort .
If you do n't already have these on hand , both should only set you back $ 5 - $ 10 apiece .
• A funnel - Useful in both beer and winemaking , you probably have several lying around in your home right now .
Larger sizes for racking and filtering beer can be found for $ 10 or less .
Standard Wine Starters Kit :
A wine starter 's kit comes with just about everything that a beer version does .
The differences are that the fermenting bucket may be a bit bigger , the bottling bucket will be replaced with a 6 - gallon glass or plastic jug known as a carboy ( though some beer starter kits do include a carboy ) and the capper will be replaced with a corking instrument .
There is no need for a kettle since wine is not boiled , but the other extras will definitely be useful .
Again , remember to save your empty bottles — about 30 for a standard 6 gallon batch .
You may also need to buy a set of 30 corks , which usually run less than $ 10 .
Advertisement
Gadgets You Might Want To Consider :
Although not necessary , you will probably find yourself looking for these time - saving gadgets somewhere down the line , ( mostly ) regardless of whether you 're making wine or beer .
• Drill - mounted stirring rod -
Takes the armwork out of stirring liquid in the fermenter or carboy and its excellent at removing or " de - gasing " CO2 from wine .
Also good for aerating wort to promote yeast action .
These can usually be had for around $ 20 .
• Auto -siphon - Racking wine or beer requires you to create a vacuum that will transfer the fluid through the siphon assembly to another container .
An auto - siphon handles this with a simple pump action .
It 's also great at preventing sediment from going along for the ride .
These run $ 10 to $ 15 .
• Wine or beer thief - Used for cleanly extracting samples of your brew for hydrometer testing — some even double as a hydrometer tube .
You can get proper instruments at a homebrew store for under $ 10 , but a turkey baster will work just fine in most situations .
• Floor corker -
If you are making wine , you may not be satisfied with hand corkers .
They are super easy to use and insure a proper fit every time , which reduces the chance of oxidation .
These usually run from $ 50 to $ 120 , but can be rented for a day at most brewmaster stores .
• Bottle sterilizers / rinsers -
Makes the job of sterilizing bottles easier and it uses less water .
Basic versions can be found for $ 20 or less .
• Carboy handles - Glass carboys are slippery and fragile .
If only I had one before I broke a six gallon carboy full of wine all over my kitchen floor .
It was epically bad .
Less than $ 10 will save you from this horror .
Plastic carboys are also available .
Advertisement
As you mature as a homebrewer , you will find even more ways to cut costs down — experienced all - grain brewers can make bottles of beer for 50 cents or less ( although you will need more expensive equipment ) .
However , in the beginning it pays to get your feet wet with the basics .
It also pays to look for quality bundles — there are an endless array out there that range from starter sets to super deluxe packages .
Just make sure to shop around at local stores and online before you buy .
For example , a starters kit from Northern Brewer includes an auto siphon and 144 bottle caps for the same price as one from Brewer 's Outpost without the pump action siphon and only 50 caps .
Because of all the factors involved , determining how long it will take to recoup your equipment investment is hard to say .
Even time is a factor :
Many kit beers are drinkable in a month 's time while basic kit wines usually take at least 3 to 6 months — longer if you want improved quality .
If you are comparing the cost of your craft beer and wine to the cheapest of swills , the craft brews will lose every time .
It 's about quality — and quality beer in the store is going to probably run $ 9 or $ 10 for a six pack .
If you are producing beer of a similar quality at home for less than a dollar a bottle , the math works out well .
Plus basic wine and beer making use [ mostly ] the same set of tools , so you can get more out of your equipment by producing both throughout the year .
Advertisement
Many of you readers are homebrewers and winemakers too .
How about sharing your own tips for saving money while expanding your beverage horizons ?
Click to view
Taste
Test is our weeklong tribute to the leaps that occur when technology meets cuisine , spanning everything from the historic breakthroughs that made food tastier and safer to the Earl - Grey - friendly replicators we impatiently await in the future .
Advertisement
Top Image via Spewing Obscenities
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Nato 's Secretary General Anders Fogh Rasmussen has called for a new strategic partnership with Russia .
In his first major foreign policy address as Nato chief , Mr Rasmussen called for a " joint review " with Moscow of global security challenges .
On Thursday the US said it was shelving plans for missile defence bases in Poland and the Czech Republic .
Russia 's Nato envoy says Moscow will now not deploy short - range missiles in its Baltic enclave Kaliningrad .
" If we have no radars or no missiles in the Czech Republic and Poland , we do n't need to find some response , " said Dmitry Rogozin .
' Explore links '
Mr Rasmussen , speaking in Brussels , urged the US , Nato and Russia to study a joint missile defence system .
" We should explore the potential for linking the US , Nato and Russia missile defence systems at an appropriate time , " he said .
" I would like Russia and Nato to agree to carry out a joint review of the new 21st Century security challenges , to serve as a firm basis for our future co-operation . "
FROM THE WORLD AT ONE Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from the World At One
The former Danish prime minister , who took over as Nato 's head in August , also called for Moscow 's co-operation on Afghanistan and Iran .
A revitalised Nato - Russia Council would provide " a forum for serious dialogue " , he said .
Mr Rogozin welcomed Mr Rasmussen 's address as " very positive , very constructive " , but added that it needed careful scrutiny .
" Co-operation with Russia is not a matter of choice but of necessity , " Rogozin said .
Pressure on Iran Nato - Russia ties improved after the end of the Cold War but deteriorated as the 28 - nation alliance expanded to take in former Soviet bloc countries , and suffered greatly after Russia 's brief conflict with Georgia in 2008 .
Mr Rasmussen called on Moscow for a " genuine new beginning in our relationship , in our own interests and that of the entire international community " .
There is no reason to fear that these [ missile defence ] plans will weaken the defence of any ally
Anders Fogh Rasmussen
Mixed US missile shield reaction A victory for Russian diplomacy ?
Referring to the US missile defence rethink , he said " the new plans will make capabilities ready sooner than the previous plans and will provide us with broader coverage " .
" There is no reason to fear these plans will weaken the defence of any ally .
" Improved relations between Nato and Russia will also be to the benefit of our eastern allies , " he said .
Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin on Friday welcomed President Barack Obama 's shift in US missile defence strategy as a " correct and brave " decision .
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said the move would make Moscow " attentive " to US concerns , but rejected any suggestion of forming " compromises or primitive deals " in response to the US announcement .
US officials say Mr Obama and Mr Medvedev will hold talks on the sidelines of the UN General Assembly meeting in New York on Thursday .
Russia had long objected to plans pursued by the administration of former President George W Bush to base a missile interceptor system close to its borders .
Afghanistan co-operation Mr Rasmussen said tackling the proliferation of ballistic missile technology was in the fundamental strategic interests of both Nato and Russia .
ANALYSIS BBC Europe correspondent Jonny Dymond
In the medium and long term , the new secretary general wants to reinvigorate the Nato - Russia council and carry out a joint review of the strategic security challenges .
In the short term , he wants to deepen co-operation in a wide range of areas .
Perhaps most eye - catching was the prospect Mr Rasmussen raised of the US , Nato and Russia working together on missile defence .
When asked for detail after his speech he demurred , saying that the specifics were beyond him .
Russia should put " maximum political and diplomatic pressure on Iran to stop its nuclear aspirations " , he added .
There should also be more co-operation over policy on Afghanistan , which was important for both Moscow and Nato , he said .
Asked about Nato expansion , Mr Rasmussen said Georgia and Ukraine would become Nato members as and when they satisfied the necessary criteria , but added that Moscow should not see that as a threat .
" We have to provide an atmosphere and security environment within Europe within which the open - door policy can continue , while at the same time ensuring Russia does not feel threatened . "
His speech showed that Nato realises it needs to come up with a new strategic concept and essentially reinvent itself , says the BBC 's defence and security correspondent , Nick Childs .
" In that sense it 's generally agreed that having Russia as a partner on broad global security concerns is better than having new divisions , " says our correspondent .
" But just how to put that into practice , and overcome the obstacles that are clearly still there , is a question that still has to be answered . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
BRISBANE , Australia —
The tourism mantra for Queensland , known internationally for its sunny climate , pristine beaches and Great Barrier Reef , has long been : " Beautiful one day , perfect the next . "
Unsurprisingly , this state — which takes up the entire northeast corner of the country and has a relaxed , vacationer - friendly atmosphere — has contributed much to that great Aussie reputation for weathering a hot day with a cold beverage .
So the government ’s decision to launch a carbon - footprint policy for householders , urging people to reduce carbon emissions by cutting energy and reducing the impact of household goods and services , presented a challenge that the liquor industry here seems only too happy to meet .
If successful , this might make a big impact on the national carbon footprint , since the Aussie wine industry sells about 1.23 billion liters a year , a third of which Aussies account for and two - thirds of which goes offshore , fetching an average $ AUD3.24 a liter .
Americans drank 236 million liters of the stuff in June this year , slightly less than the British effort of 265 million liters , according to official figures from the Australian Wine and Brandy Corporation .
The Australian Federal Department of Climate Change boosters its program by saying its " greenhouse friendly " labeling offers wine producers a competitive edge , mainly because the so - called Australian Greenhouse Office supports them by promoting those companies which gain certification .
This competitive edge will be especially handy given the news this week that Australia has been ranked as the world ’s No. 1 per capita carbon emitter in a report from the Maplesoft analyst company .
An unscientific review of the latest offerings at Aussie liquor stores and coffee shops revealed there ’s already plenty of “ green ” to choose from .
Among those putting an environment - friendly face on their products are several industry giants , including Yalumba and Wolf Blass , as well as smaller outfits such as Zilzie Wines and breweries such as Lion Nathan .
Yalumba ’s Y - series now comes with a little green tag on the neck which urges drinkers to " share Yalumba , share the future , " and lets the drinker know that the company ’s green venture has won several awards : the Green Apple U.K. award 2007 ( " an international award for environmental best practice " ) ; a climate - protection award from the United States Environmental Protection Agency ; and from the Australian Greenhouse Office , a gong for being a leader in greenhouse management 2005 .
Airline travelers have been quaffing from plastic mini-bottles for years but now Wolf Blass has gone mainstream plastic with its new 750 ml Green Label .
It calculates that its new PET ( polyethylene terephthalate ) plastic bottle packaging produces 29 percent less greenhouse gas emissions over the entire life cycle of the product , i.e. the grape growing , the wine making , bottling and packaging , distribution , and use ( that 's the buyer ) disposal and recycling .
Part of this is because ( the company says ) the product is 36 percent lighter and 100 percent recyclable .
Wolf Blass rolled out its new product to journalists and political types during Treasurer Wayne Swan ’s Budget road show earlier this year .
It ’s a noticeably shorter and thinner bottle without the chunkiness of glass .
And there ’s no familiar clinking of the bottles in the car on the way home from the liquor shop .
Zilzie Wines , of Karadoc in northwest Victoria ’s Mildura region , claims to be carbon neutral with its Bulloak brand ( a chardonnay and a cabernet merlot ) .
The label says it " represents our efforts to reduce greenhouse gas emissions in every step of the winemaking process — from vineyard to your table . "
The label also says that " the emissions that we could n’t reduce by being more energy efficient we have offset by contributing to accredited carbon reduction projects ensuring that Bulloak ’s net impact on the environment is reduced to zero . "
New on the block is the environment - friendly Barefoot Radler beer from multinational giant Lion Nathan .
This promises " carbon - neutral " beer and carries a " greenhouse - friendly " label from the Australian Government ’s " Climate Friendly " program .
And that ’s not all , their website shows the company has a pool of money to the tune of $ 100,000 for volunteer " Coastcare " groups to preserve and restore local coastlines .
They ’re in on the packaging too : " The Barefoot Radler beer carton is made of 100 percent recycled material , the six - pack carton is made of 75 percent recycled material , and the bottle is made with a minimum of 30 percent recyclable material . "
Competitor Fosters Brewing has its own green venture : Cascade Green , " 100 percent carbon offset . "
And healthy too : it ’s marketed as a “ low - carb ” brew .
We ’ve been hearing something similar for more than 10 years , but with a different accent , from the folks at Banrock Station , another property on the banks of the Murray River and one of the earlier adopters of the " green " labeling trend .
Banrock Station drinkers can feel good about helping preserve wetlands and a swag of threatened species such as birds , fish and frogs around the world .
Of course , green labeling is about green production and according to the latest Greenpeace report on climate change and wine , Australian wineries stand to benefit most from all this , while European wineries stand to loose .
Cheers !
( John Cokley researches and teaches journalism at the University of Queensland , Australia , and Louise Kuchel researches and teaches biology at the University of Queensland . )
Mounting popular opposition to the war in Afghanistan
7 August 2009
7 August 2009
A series of recent polls have shown growing popular opposition in Europe to the US - NATO war in Afghanistan .
One recent poll puts opposition in Germany to the presence of German troops in Afghanistan at 85 percent .
The latest poll in France shows 55 percent opposed to the war and in favor of the immediate withdrawal of French soldiers .
In Britain , according to the latest ComRes poll , more than half of the people ( 52 percent ) want troops to be withdrawn straight away , while some 64 percent say British forces should be removed “ as quickly as possible . ”
Former British Foreign
Office minister Kim Howells recently warned that the tide was definitively turning against the war .
“ I do n’t think the public are up for it anymore , ” he told the BBC .
Similarly , US Defense Secretary Robert Gates said last month in an interview : “ After the Iraq experience , nobody is prepared to have a long slog where it is not apparent we are making headway .
The troops are tired ; the American people are pretty tired . ”
Popular anti-war sentiment , however , finds no expression in the policies of governments or , for that matter , those of opposition parties within the bourgeois political establishment .
The US and European governments are making clear that their military intervention in the war - torn land is open - ended .
Within the framework of official politics and the media , they are being criticized by their political opponents for not pursuing the war with sufficient ruthlessness .
In a surprise visit to Afghanistan just days after his official inauguration as new head of NATO , former Danish Prime Minister Anders Fogh Rasmussen appeared alongside the despised Afghan president , Hamid Karzai , and declared , “ We will stay and support you as long as it takes to finish our job .... ”
Rasmussen ’s comments follow Defense Secretary Gates remark last month that victory in Afghanistan is a “ long - term prospect . ”
The imperviousness of official politics to the will of the populace on war is an expression of a terminal decay of bourgeois democracy .
The broad mass of the people are effectively disenfranchised .
The war in Afghanistan has already lasted two years longer than the US - led war against Iraq , and is ever more nakedly revealing itself to be a shabby and brutal attempt by the major powers to establish control over a country strategically situated in oil - rich Central Asia .
Launched in 2001 following the 9/11 hijack - bombings in the US , the operation in Afghanistan was originally justified as a reprisal against Osama bin Laden and Al Qaeda , who were held to be responsible for the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington .
The Taliban regime was targeted for overthrow on the grounds that it had rejected a US ultimatum to extradite bin Laden and his top lieutenants to the US .
In fact , the US - led invasion was the implementation of pre-existing plans to establish American hegemony over Afghanistan , for which 9/11 served as a convenient pretext .
The current war is the culmination of US machinations that go back at least 30 years , beginning with CIA funding for the anti-Soviet mujahedeen , whose numbers included bin Laden .
Washington and its NATO allies have long since ceased justifying the war as a hunt for bin Laden .
He is rarely mentioned , as is Al Qaeda .
Instead , the all - purpose enemy is the Taliban , the name serving as a catch - all for all those in Afghanistan and Pakistan who are resisting foreign intervention .
The Obama administration has , moreover , unceremoniously dropped the Bush - era claim that the war is a crusade for democracy in Afghanistan .
Just one week after Obama ’s inauguration , Gates cynically told a Senate committee that the US was not aiming to establish a “ Central Asian Valhalla ” in the occupied country .
In the event , the puppet regime in Kabul is headed by a president whose name has become a byword for cronyism , nepotism and corruption .
Another argument thrown up by “ leftist ” supporters of the war , such as the German Greens , was the necessity to liberate Afghan women from the tyranny of the Taliban .
The fact is , however , the situation for Afghan women under the occupation has worsened .
In a statement published in May , the Afghan women ’s organization RAWA declared , “ The so - called ‘ new ’ strategy of Obama ’s administration ” has only brought “ increased killings and ever more horrifying oppression , ” and has “ proved itself as much more war - mongering than Bush . ”
Having sidelined the legal and ideological pretexts that were used to launch the war , the Obama administration is left with nothing other than fear - mongering — the claim that unless Afghanistan and Pakistan are cleared of terrorists , those regions will serve as bases for new attacks on the US homeland .
In reality , of course , the crimes being carried out by the United States and NATO against the Afghan and Pakistani people only increase the likelihood of terrorist reprisals against Americans and Europeans .
What remains is the reality of a colonial - style war to suppress popular resistance to imperialist domination and the poverty and tyranny that go with it .
While the political establishment excludes any expression of popular anti-war sentiment , it is bolstered by the decision of the middle - class “ left ” groups and publications that organized anti-war protests against Bush to wind up their anti-war activity under Obama .
It is a fact that even as Obama maintains 140,000 US troops in Iraq and plans to keep tens of thousands there indefinitely , and he expands US military violence in Afghanistan and spreads it into Pakistan — and in the face of continuing mass popular opposition to the wars in the US and Europe — there is virtually no organized expression of anti-war sentiment .
The socio-political layer that long presided over middle - class protest politics has seized on the election of Obama to complete its movement into the camp of US imperialism .
It tacitly , or in some cases openly , supports Obama ’s wars of aggression .
There are critical political lessons to be learned for all those who sincerely oppose and want to put an end to imperialist war .
In February of 2003 , millions took to the streets all over the world to oppose the imminent US invasion of Iraq .
It was the biggest international anti-war protest in history .
That mass opposition was , however , channeled by the protest leaders behind various bourgeois parties which claimed to oppose the war or had “ anti- war ” factions within them .
In the US , mass opposition to the war was diverted into campaigns to elect Democrats to Congress and the White House .
In Europe , pacifist organizations , leftist groupings , the Attac movement and the Party of Democratic Socialism ( predecessor of the Left Party ) in Germany sought to encourage similar illusions in Social Democratic parties and in the Greens , which in Germany and other European countries had expressed reservations about the war in Iraq .
The anti-war movement was aborted through its political subordination to capitalist parties and politicians .
Those who led it have since largely joined the camp of imperialist war .
What conclusions are to be drawn ?
First :
The desertion of the middle - class opportunist groups means that the working class will emerge more directly and openly as the leading social force against imperialist war .
Second :
The struggle against war can be developed only on the basis of the independent mobilization of the working class against all factions of the ruling elite and the capitalist system itself , which is the root cause of war .
The connection between the struggle against war and the struggle against capitalism will become increasingly clear as the working class moves into battle against the impact of the deepest economic crisis since the Great Depression .
Stefan Steinberg and Barry Grey
Stefan Steinberg and Barry Grey
The GHC 6.12.1 release candidate will be out shortly , and it includes a newly rewritten I/O library including Unicode support .
Here ’s what you need to know to make sure your applications / libraries continue to work with GHC 6.12.1 .
We expect the release candidate phase to last a couple of weeks or so , depending on how many problems arise , after which 6.12.1 will be released .
However , 6.12 is not currently scheduled to become part of the Haskell Platform until the next platform release , due around February 2010 , so package authors have a grace period for testing before 6.12.1 becomes more widely used .
The new System .
IO docs can be found here , in particular the unicode - related functionality is here .
Console and text I/ O
If you are reading or writing to / from the console , or reading / writing text files in the local encoding , then use the System .
IO functions for doing text I/O ( openFile , read File , hGetContents , putStr , etc. ) , and you will automatically benefit from the new Unicode support .
Text written will be encoded according to the current locale , or code page on Windows , and text read will be decoded accordingly .
If you need to use a particular encoding ( e.g. UTF - 8 ) , then the hSetEncoding function lets you set the encoding on a Handle , e.g .
hSetEncoding stdout utf8
Binary I/
O
If you ’re reading or writing binary data , or for some other reason you want to bypass the Unicode encoding / decoding that the IO library now does , you have two options :
Use openBinaryFile or hSetBinaryMode to put the Handle into binary mode .
No encoding / decoding or newline translation will be done .
or to put the Handle into binary mode .
No encoding / decoding or newline translation will be done .
Use hGetBuf / hPutBuf , or the I/O operations provided by Data .
ByteString , which all operate with binary data .
Using utf8 - string
If you ’re using utf8 - string in certain ways then you might get incorrect results .
The operations in System .
IO.UTF8 add a UTF8 wrapper around the corresponding System .
IO operation .
Unless the underlying Handle is in binary mode , these operations will result in garbage being read or written .
For example , if you want to use System .
IO.UTF8 . print , then call hSetBinary Mode stdout True first .
Better still , just use System .
IO. print directly .
f you need to fix the encoding to UTF - 8 rather than using the locale encoding , then call hSetEncoding handle utf8 .
The rest of the operations in utf8 - string will continue to work as before .
Newline handling
There is a new API for newline translation in System .
IO .
By default , Handles in text mode translate newlines to or from the native representation for the current platform , that is “ \r
” on Windows and “
” on other platforms .
You can change this default using hSetNewlineMode , for example to be able to read a file with either Windows or Unix line - ending conventions :
hSetNewlineMode handle universalNewlineMode
where universalNewlineMode translates from “ \r
” to “
” on input , leaving “
” alone , and translates “
” to the native newline representation on output .
Rachel , who reckons her previous studies in A - level art and archaeology helped her to race through the task , said a combination of perseverance , knowledge and luck were key to her success .
She said : " I did a lot of scrolling around on Google just waiting to find the right shapes ... "
Credit : BARCROFT MEDIA
Chi Quang Truong , 46 , is being charged by police in Natick , Massachusetts with " unlawful wiretapping and possessing a device for wiretapping , " according to this story in The MetroWest Daily News .
If you 're thinking foreign spy or industrial espionage , think again .
Try irate customer who kicked up a fuss at a car dealer 's service department .
And that " device for wiretapping ? "
Try nothing more sophisticated than a handheld digital voice recorder ; an Olympus , to be precise .
If you cannot imagine what could be going on here , chances are you 've not had reason to brush up on the laws governing the tape recording of conversations .
( Journalists know all about this stuff . )
Truong 's travails began with a beef familiar to all of us : Unsatisfied with the timeliness with which his car was repaired , he demanded $ 300 compensation from the dealer .
His demand was met with a series of counteroffers , which were rebuffed and followed by an escalating confrontation , which resulted in the dealer calling the cops .
From the story :
Police arrested a man they say caused a disturbance at a Honda dealership and who , it was later discovered , had been recording the exchange with a voice recorder in his pocket .
Police said Truong became irate and blocked the dealership 's service bay with his car .
Workers at Bernardi Honda asked Truong to leave and he refused , ( Lt. Brian ) Grassey said .
During his arrest , Truong tried to resist police , Grassey said .
After officers placed Truong under arrest , Grassey said they discovered an Olympus digital voice recorder in his pocket .
Truong did n't say why he was taping , Grassey said .
Truong has been charged with disorderly conduct , resisting arrest , trespassing , unlawful wiretapping and possessing a device for wiretapping .
Although not specified in the story , I 'll go out on a limb and suggest that the reason Truong was hit with the " wiretapping " charges --
I mean other than the fact he allegedly gave the police a hard time -- was that he failed to inform the employees at the dealership that he was tape - recording their conversation .
Twelve states , including my beloved Massachusetts , require that all parties to a conversation be informed before anyone can hit the record button on whatever device they 're packing or yacking on .
From The Reporters Committee for Freedom Web site :
Federal law allows recording of phone calls and other electronic communications with the consent of at least one party to the call .
A majority of the states and territories have adopted wiretapping statutes based on the federal law , although most also have extended the law to cover in - person conversations .
Thirty - eight states and the District of Columbia permit individuals to record conversations to which they are a party without informing the other parties that they are doing so .
These laws are referred to as " one- party consent " statutes , and as long as you are a party to the conversation , it is legal for you to record it .
( Nevada also has a one - party consent statute , but the state Supreme Court has interpreted it as an all - party rule . )
Twelve states require , under most circumstances , the consent of all parties to a conversation .
Those jurisdictions are California , Connecticut , Florida , Illinois , Maryland , Massachusetts , Michigan , Montana , Nevada , New Hampshire , Pennsylvania and Washington .
Be aware that you will sometimes hear these referred to inaccurately as " two - party consent " laws .
If there are more than two people involved in the conversation , all must consent to the taping .
If you 're interested in more detail , there 's a state - by - state guide here ( in handy - dandy checklist chart form here ) ; a discussion of what constitutes " consent " here ; and , words of warning should you want to distribute your illegally recorded gains here .
In my view it 's the federal law and 38 " one - party consent " states that have this one called correctly , and the 12 others that have some explaining to do .
The justification for criminalizing self - authorized self - recording has never been made clear to me ; best I get from friends and colleagues is that being recorded without one 's knowledge " is creepy . "
Yes it is , or at least in can be in some cases .
But so is charging a guy with " wiretapping " just because he tossed a nutty at a car dealership .
I ’m a big fan of the Halo 3 live action shorts .
You can tell so much work and attention to detail goes into each one that has came out .
In the video above , you ’ll see just how much work went into making the 2 minute and 30 second short film as well as a small scene that did n’t make it into the final cut .
I truly hope that Bungie and Microsoft continue to make shorts like these or even maybe ( just maybe ) a Halo feature film .
20th July 2009 , 09:03 pm
I always thought that the famous equation
102 + 112 + 122 = 132 + 142
is sort of a miracle , a random fluke .
I enjoyed this cute equation , but never really thought about it seriously .
Recently , when my son Sergei came home from MOP , he told me that this equation is not a fluke ; and I started thinking .
Suppose we want to find five consecutive integers such that the sum of the squares of the first three is equal to the sum of the squares of the last two .
Let us denote the middle number by n , which gives us the equation :
( n– 2 ) 2 + ( n – 1 ) 2 + n 2 = ( n+ 1 ) 2 + ( n+ 2 ) 2 .
After simplification we get a quadratic equation : n2 – 12n = 0 , which has two roots , 0 and 12 .
Plugging n = 0 into the equation above gives us ( – 2 ) 2 + ( – 1 ) 2 + 02 = 12 + 22 , which does n’t look like a miracle at all , but rather like a trivial identity .
If we replace n with 12 , we get the original miracle equation .
If you looked at how the simplifications were done , you might realize that this would work not only with five integers , but with any odd number of consecutive integers .
Suppose we want to find 2k+1 consecutive integers , such that the sum of the squares of the first k+1 is equal to the sum of the squares of the last k .
Let us denote the middle number by n .
Then finding those integers is equivalent to solving the equation : n 2 = 2 k ( k+1 ) n .
This provides us with two solutions : the trivial solution 0 , and the non-trivial solution n = 2 k ( k+1 ) .
So our miracle equation becomes a part of the series .
The preceding equation is the well - known Pythagorean triple : 32 + 42 = 52 .
The next equation is 212 + 222 + 232 +242 = 252 + 262 + 272 .
The middle numbers in the series are triangular numbers multiplied by four .
Actually , do you know that 102 + 112 + 122 = 132 + 142 = 365 , the number of days in a year ?
Perhaps there are miracles or random flukes after all .
Share :
My friends are all over the world this summer .
A few decided to travel abroad in places like Spain , Belgium , and even Uganda .
Others , like me , decided to spend the summer attempting to accomplish the daunting task of being an intern .
After being at New Media Campaigns for a little over a month though , I can honestly say the only thing daunting about my job was deciding to tackle the dark abyss that is my boss ' office and organize it so that it passes health regulations .
Ask anyone outside of my job what I think about it and they will tell you I love it .
Never having an internship before , I figured this is how office life is supposed to be - fun and relaxed , yet still focused on the work .
After catching up with a few of my other intern friends this weekend though I found out I was in the small minority that could say they loved what they were doing this summer .
Which got me to thinking , what makes interning at New Media so great ?
And why are other companies , even those in the same field of work , turning out unhappy interns ?
So after chatting with a few friends , I 've pointed out three points that make an office " intern - friendly " .
There may be some companies out there that are asking " Why would I care to make my office intern - friendly ?
That 's like asking my copy machine if it's happy with the settings I programmed for it . "
Intern - friendly offices are usually friendly toward every employee , so most likely , not only will you produce happy and excited interns , but happy employees too , and when employees are happy , productivity goes up .
So off we go , into the wonderful world of intern points of wisdom .
1. Interns are more than an office supply
Contrary to what some may believe , interns have feelings , and can actually think for themselves .
I found out one of my ( wholly competent ) friends still spends the majority of his workday making copies , sending faxes , making coffee , and groveling .
Okay , so maybe he is n't groveling , but he is trying to get more involved , but his boss keeps promising new tasks that " keep falling through " .
As interns , we completely understand that if there is a small task to accomplish such as faxing a contract agreement , we can do that , but please , have us do something that makes us feel like we are putting our college educations to use .
Not even a week into my internship at New Media , I was assigned to write the case studies for each website going into our new portfolio .
After reading the first few I wrote , the guys sent me on my way to finish the rest after outlining key points to cover .
Not only do I feel like I 'm doing something worthwhile , but I know it 's appreciated .
Telling interns they 're doing a good job may seem like an obvious thing to do , but surprisingly , some supervisors do n't say a word , making interns wonder why they 're doing the work in the first place .
I 'm not saying you need to be a cheerleader for your intern , but just acknowledging we 're doing work goes a long way .
2. Give me an E !
Give me an N !
Give me a THUSIASM !
So you do n't have to channel the SNL Spartan Cheerleaders , but knowing and showing that you love your job , sends good vibes throughout the office and wherever you go .
That 's what made me apply to be an intern at New Media Campaigns in the first place .
Clay Schossow , a partner at New Media Campaigns , made a presentation in one of my journalism classes at UNC on Social Media trends , and captured the attention of the entire class .
Not only did he really know what he was talking about , but you could tell he was excited to be talking about it .
In the past week , New Media has launched six awesome websites .
Towards the end of that week you would think the office would be burnt out or cranky , when in all actuality , we were pumped .
Maybe it was the constant Java - trip or the good tunes cranking out of the speakers , but either way , there were no hostile situations or threats of a fax machine brawl .
At New Media we get excited about sharing new ideas , finding articles on the web , and even the release of new technology .
So when people ask me about my job , they can tell I 'm excited to be there .
3 . Last time I checked , interns are n't an infectious disease
So include them !
One thing I love about New Media is that I 'm included in the conversation .
I 've worked at other places where , just because I 'm the newbie , my opinion does n't really matter that much .
But here I know that ( at least most of the time ) the guys are listening when I say something .
We joke around with each other , listen to the College World Series , and usually grab lunch as a group .
Simple things like these make the office atmosphere less stressful and make me look forward to coming into work .
Not only are they friendly , but the guys are also really helpful .
I 'm new to web development and management , so I have a lot of questions , which I can count on to be answered .
Whether it 's sending me an article to help me with case studies , or showing me how our content management system works , the guys take time to make sure I understand tasks and encourage me to explore different parts of the company to really gain useful experience .
It 's a short list , but doing these things really does make the office atmosphere better , and makes interns like me really excited to be working for such an awesome company .
In the past month I 've made coffee , faxed a few papers , and even voluntarily organized my boss ' office , but I 've also written over fifty - three case studies on exciting projects , added content to important websites , and worked on screenshots for our soon - to - be - launched new website .
When it comes to companies that work closely with their clients and other agencies , making sure people are happy and content is paramount to each project 's success .
But knowing that the people who work in your office are just as , if not happier , than the clients you work for , makes each work day something to look forward to .
" Interviewed One Day at a Time 's Mackenzie Phillips , " Winfrey wrote on Twitter this afternoon .
" Thought I 'd heard it all … beyond shocking !
We 're airing it Wednesday . "
Phillips , 49 , is John 's daughter with his first wife , Susan Adams .
Bijou and Chynna Phillips , who also have different moms , are her half - sisters .
The rock ' n ' roll progeny has battled drug addiction and has been in trouble with the law off and on since she was a teenager , problems that derailed her promising acting career .
Most recently , she was arrested for cocaine possession at Los Angeles International Airport last summer .
She also talks in her book about her father supplying her with drugs when she was a kid , an unsavory habit that ultimately led to the biggest parent - child betrayal of all .
" On the eve of my wedding , my father showed up , determined to stop it , " Phillips wrote .
" I had tons of pills , and Dad had tons of everything too .
Eventually I passed out on Dad 's bed .
" My father was not a man with boundaries .
He was full of love , and he was sick with drugs .
I woke up that night from a blackout to find myself having sex with my own father . "
Phillips was 19 at the time .
" I was a fragment of a person , and my secret isolated me , " she wrote .
After 18 NHL seasons , long - time Montreal Canadiens defenseman Patrice Brisebois on Thursday will announce his retirement from the NHL .
Brisebois played in his 1,000th game last season , and finishes his NHL career , which also included two seasons with the Colorado Avalanche , with 98 goals and 420 points in 1,009 games .
Brisebois ' 896 games with the Canadiens is third all - time among the club 's defensemen , and his 87 goals and 371 points are fifth .
As part of Thursday 's ceremony , Brisebois will receive the Jean Beliveau Trophy from the Montreal Canadiens ' Children Foundation .
March 12 , 2020
Most years , there are a few standalone vehicles to get really pumped about .
But it …
FAITH & REASON FAITH & REASON Blog : Join the conversation on religion , spirituality and ethics | Forum : Debate fellow readers NEW HAVEN , Connecticut ( AP ) 
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled Tuesday against a Roman Catholic diocese in Connecticut , saying that thousands of documents generated by lawsuits against six priests for alleged sexual abuse cannot remain sealed .
Justice Ruth Bader Ginsberg on Tuesday denied the Bridgeport diocese 's request to continue a stay on the release of the papers until the full court decides whether to review the case .
Ralph Johnson III , a lawyer for the diocese , said church officials were considering whether to ask all nine justices to rule on the request .
The diocese said on its website Tuesday afternoon that it was disappointed with Ginsberg 's decision and that it " intends to proceed with its announced determination to ask the full U.S. Supreme Court to review the important constitutional issues that this case presents . "
Jonathan Albano , attorney for three newspapers who requested the documents , said the ruling compels the diocese to release the documents , but he acknowledged the church could ask the full court to reconsider Ginsberg 's decision .
" At the end of the day , the diocese will be able to say they were heard before every court that was available to them , " Albano said .
Albano represents
The New York Times , The Boston Globe , and The Washington Post .
The three papers along with the Hartford Courant have asked to see the documents .
A Waterbury Superior Court said in 2006 that the documents were subject to a presumption of public access .
And the Connecticut Supreme Court upheld the lower court decision , ruling that more than 12,000 pages from 23 lawsuits against the six priests should be unsealed .
The Connecticut high court also rejected the claim by church officials that the documents were subject to constitutional privileges , including religious privileges under the First Amendment .
The records have been under seal since the diocese settled the cases in 2001 .
They could provide details on how retired New York Cardinal Edward Egan handled the allegations when he was bishop in Bridgeport from 1988 to 2000 .
The documents include depositions , affidavits and motions .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
READER COMMENTS ON
" CIA Vet : FBI Whistleblower Edmonds ' Very Credible ' "
( 21 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 9/29/2009 @ 4:05 pm PT ...
I 'm troubled by Tom Hartman 's final question ---
Why is The American Conservative the only member of the media willing to cover this story ?
While alternative , is not The Brad Blog a part of the American media ?
Have the words written by Brad Friedman on this topic , and the extended coverage by this blog , somehow been lost in cyberspace ?
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... sibel edmonds said on 9/29/2009 @ 6:31 pm PT ...
Brad has done a great job covering this and many other stories no one dares to touch , and has done so with limited resources which makes it even more ' credit ' worthy .
As always , thank you BRADBLOG .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 9/29/2009 @ 7:12 pm PT ...
Ernie - 1 ) That was Peter B. Collins sitting in for Thom .
2 ) PBC follows BRAD BLOG closely , so I 'll give him a pass this time .
I know what it 's like when you 're up against the clock at the end of a segment .
3 ) I 'll give him some hell next time I talk to him .
Though I have a feeling you just did !
Sibel -
Thanks .
Much .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Cosimo diRondo said on 9/29/2009 @ 8:20 pm PT ...
I was wondering about the following from Sibel 's AmCon interview : Perle and Feith would provide the names of those Americans , officials in the Pentagon , to Grossman , together with highly sensitive personal information : this person is a closet gay ; this person has a chronic gambling issue ; this person is an alcoholic .
Has Sibel even elaborated on how they obtained this information ?
Gossip ?
Or is that what warrantless wiretaps were all about , as many of us unpatriotic paranoiacs feared ?
Seems Feith and Perle would be a good source of info as to who exactly in the current congress might be compromised .
Since they both have such hardons for torturing terrorists , and since they have probably done more harm to America than any terrorist has , surely they would not object to a little sleep deprivation , stress positioning , and waterboarding so that we may find out .
In fact , we would have a good opportunity to test out the efficacy of these methods .
Flip a coin ; winner gets subjected to good old army field manual techniques , loser gets waterboarded ( preferably with leftover bong - water ) .
See who divulges more .
Grossman , Hastert , et al get subjected to the more effective methods .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Prove it said on 9/29/2009 @ 8:27 pm PT ...
Sibel story is to vague not enough source and what she is saying is disinformation she was train by the FBI after all and if she did whistle blow everything she would be dead for revealing everything , because the U.S. kill people who talk against them they have a long history of doing that Sibel is just saying stuff that we know and anyone can prove
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 9/29/2009 @ 9:31 pm PT ...
Prove
It : if anyone can prove what she 's saying , why has no one proven it before her ?
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 9/29/2009 @ 9:32 pm PT ...
What 's vague about her story ?
Did she say " D.H. " instead of " Dennis Hastert " ?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... William said on 9/29/2009 @ 10:57 pm PT ...
You mean the OLD msm( print / cyborgTV ) is losing out to the NEW msm( cyberspace ) .
TV does n't report it wants viewers programmed .
Cyberspace is righting the wrongs now .
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... mcthorogood said on 9/29/2009 @ 10:59 pm PT ...
When Rick Santorum 's name is googled the first result is a sexual neologism that spread in response to his homophobic views .
I would like to suggest the neologism " grossman " that is indicative of gratuitous corruption .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... MsKitty said on 9/30/2009 @ 4:32 am PT ...
The real news IS on the net .
You have to be willing to work to get the whole story .
You have to cross check references and get background on the writers to see who pays them and what their connections are so you can see where they are coming from .
The number of people who have the time or desire to do this is very very limited .
Sadly the MSM is corporate compromised .
Not that many people are watching that either .
Too many people are getting their " news " from viral emails in 36 point purple type .
Everyone of those I have researched due to the ridiculous claims they have made have turned out to be false .
When I try to show the recipients of these emails the evidence they do n't want to see it .
Since Brad really does his research and is supported by donations from individuals and not major corporations or political parties I have more trust in this blog than any other I have come across .
Correct me if I am wrong about this .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 9/30/2009 @ 7:59 am PT ...
Just so MSKITTY , just so !
An how bout that schumer bill for corporape journos , seems he do n't like upstarts that stray too far from the massage .
http://emptywheel.firedo...er-to-bloggers-fuck-you/
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 9/30/2009 @ 10:16 am PT ...
since i am kinda freaked about knowing the info from this article ( one outta 16 to think its worthy of a digg ) i posted it on propellor , http://www.propeller.com...=5510766#comment_5510766
any help pushing the story there would
apprciated
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 9/30/2009 @ 10:19 am PT ...
3 credible witnesses now /// ask the fbi why they are not investigating this
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... jack said on 9/30/2009 @ 2:58 pm PT ...
My advice , do n't tie your tail to Sibel 's kite .
There 's something phony about her .
Think of the mud on Pepper 's fans ' faces after the planned destruction of his MLK stance took place .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Cosimo diRondo said on 9/30/2009 @ 3:19 pm PT ...
Seems McClatchy has dipped their toe in , albeit in a somewhat oblique way .
http://www.mcclatchydc.c...l_doyle/story/76261.html
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 9/30/2009 @ 4:35 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... jack said on 9/30/2009 @ 2:58 pm PT ...
My advice , do n't tie your tail to Sibel 's kite .
There 's something phony about her .
Think of the mud on Pepper 's fans ' faces after the planned destruction of his MLK stance took place .
What 's phony about her ?
What 's with these " drive - by " commenters leaving cryptic negative comments about Sibel Edmonds and saying nothing specific ?
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 9/30/2009 @ 4:36 pm PT ...
Look : this guy said there 's something " vague " about her story : COMMENT # 5 [ Permalink ]
... Prove it said on 9/29/2009 @ 8:27 pm PT ...
Sibel story is to vague not enough source and what she is saying is disinformation she was train by the FBI after all and if she did whistle blow everything she would be dead for revealing everything , because the U.S. kill people who talk against them they have a long history of doing that Sibel is just saying stuff that we know and anyone can prove
How 'bout you guys getting into specifics , please !!!
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 9/30/2009 @ 4:40 pm PT ...
Wait !
It 's a game !
I get it !
Let me try : " There 's something fishy here !!! "
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... mcthorogood said on 10/1/2009 @ 8:20 am PT ...
Sibel Edmonds ' deposition is about more than just the actions of the Turks in 1915 , it 's about the infiltration of foreign agents and selling nuclear secrets on the black market today .
Now why would anyone be afraid of Sibel Edmonds ?
Perhaps , if the details were widely reported by the MSM , there would be an outcry for investigations .
Remember what Mark Twain said many years ago : " There is no distinctly native American criminal class except Congress . "
Investigations into Sibel 's deposition would only confirm that this is true and that serious changes are required inside our government .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 10/1/2009 @ 7:52 pm PT ...
Sibel story is to vague not enough source and what she is saying is disinformation she was train by the FBI after all and if she did whistle blow everything she would be dead for revealing everything , because the U.S. kill people who talk against them they have a long history of doing that Sibel is just saying stuff that we know and anyone can prove Hee - hee - hee .
That 's so funny I had to laugh .
You 're named Prove It .
You say her story is too vague .
But you end by saying she 's just " saying stuff that we know and anyone can prove " .
Well I 'm guessing that maybe you do know ( and maybe you do n't , but its not all stuff I know ) .
But I do n't have to prove it to you because anyone can prove what she 's saying , according to you .
So prove it for yourself .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... john olin said on 10/1/2009 @ 7:58 pm PT ...
BERLIN —
In Germany , World War II and Holocaust films are meticulously combed over by small armies of critics , historians and public intellectuals .
The historical accuracy and ethical messages of " Schindler 's List " and " The Reader , " for example , were debated for months on end .
The liberties that Tom Cruise 's " Valkyrie " took with historical reality made German experts shake with indignation .
" Life is Beautiful " was panned for its use of comedy in connection with an issue so somber — and it dived at the box office , too .
And now there ’s Quentin Tarantino ’s Nazi-era splatter film " Inglourious Basterds , " which — to my great surprise — has rocketed to the top of the German charts and even charmed the country ’s most discerning film critics .
When I showed up at my neighborhood theater in Berlin , the ticket line reached out to the curb .
Once inside the jam - packed theater , I found myself as intrigued by the reaction of the German cinema - goers as I was by the film .
It was plain from the bursts of laughter and applause that they thoroughly relished all two - and - a - half hours of it , even though the graphic , blood - soaked farce would appear to break every German 's rule for political correctness .
Germans ' reaction to " Inglourious Basterds " is especially intriguing as the cast is studded with the country 's best and most famous actors : Til Schweiger , Daniel Bruhl and Martin Wuttke , among others .
Moreover , large parts of the film were produced in the legendary Babelsberg studios outside of Berlin , the very same place where the German Nazi filmmaker Leni Riefenstahl ( " Triumph of the Will " ) made her films .
And something most viewers probably did n't know : State - financed German foundations that subsidize German film helped pay for the extravaganza to the tune of $ 11 million .
But does " Inglourious Basterds " — and the German public ’s reaction to it — really tells us anything about Germany today , about the Germans ’ earnest attempts to atone for their past ?
Have the decades of earnest soul - searching come to an end ?
After all , yet another generation has come of age since reunification , one even further removed from the Nazi era ’s crimes .
Does the reception of " Inglourious Basterds " mean Germans are open to thinking in new ways about the Nazis and the crimes of the Third Reich ?
The initial reaction of my two German , film - going companions was that this B - movie collage had nothing to do with today ’s Germany and certainly not with World War II .
It was , like all of Tarantino ’s work , a film about film — the wartime setting just a vehicle for his meta - genre spoofing .
Most of the reviews made much the same remark , and then — as I did with my friends over a beer — went on to discuss the many ways " Inglourious Basterds " freshly examines those questions that have obsessed critically minded Germans since 1945 .
( SPOILER ALERT )
For a start , neither my friends nor the reviewers felt in the least personally offended by the anti-German cliches of the foaming - at - the - mouth , anti-Semitic , heel - clicking Nazis .
In fact , the Germans I spoke with identified not with the Germans but with the Basterds themselves : the Brad Pitt - led band of American Jewish partisans who club Nazis to death with baseball bats and collect their scalps as trophies .
“ Hurray !
They ’re torched ! ” wrote one reviewer from the weekly Die Zeit about the final scene , when Hitler , Goebbels , & Co. are incinerated in a Paris cinema .
This writer saw the film not as one solely of Jewish retribution but as a revenge fantasy for Germans born since the war who have been made to feel guilty for a war and crimes that they had no part in .
No wonder everyone clapped , concluded one reviewer : “ For postwar Germans the story is an orgy of self - righteousness . ”
One of Germany ’s foremost critics , Georg Seesslen in the magazine Der Spiegel , noted that " Inglourious Basterds " was the first film to actually show Hitler die .
Why , he asks , had no one ever thought of killing off Hitler on the silver screen ?
By the end of " Inglourious Basterds , " he wrote , Hitler is " more than dead .
He is kaputt — all shot up , burned and chopped to pieces . ”
All other films symbolically left the book open , thus turning Hitler ’s evil itself into a spectre that never perished .
By implication , Germany could never be “ normal ” because Hitler lived on , at least on film .
According to Seesslen , the genius of " Inglourious Basterds " is that it “ has the audacity to ignore history . ”
In some cases , he argues , pure cinematic fantasy can do a better job of getting to the truth than historical authenticity : fiction trumps reality .
Yet , another review commends Tarantino for finally debunking the insinuation that Hitler embodied some unique kind of wickedness from which the rest of humanity is immune .
During the film , for example , most people in the audience seem not to object to the gory death sentences that the Basterds mete out to the Nazis .
Who feels sorry for fascists ?
But Tarantino , he argues , turns the tables on the viewers .
The sadistic cruelty of the Basterds is much the same as that of the Nazis .
Yet since the punishment appears justified , the viewer finds himself identifying with the violence in a way that one could never identify with much the same brutality when perpetrated by Nazis .
Hitler ’s evil and the Nazis ’ cruelty suddenly become less singular .
As the beer garden conversation with my friends extended into the night , it surprised me how open - minded the Germans are about " Inglourious Basterds . "
I ca n’t imagine that even 10 years ago such a film would have been taken seriously .
Now , 65 years after the war ’s end , the Germans — with a little help from Tarantino — are finding new ways to think about their complicated past .
George Washington as a Military Leader
George Washington , as a military leader , was shaped in part by his upbringing .
George Washington spent many days in his youthful years working as a surveyor for Lord Fairfax of England in what is now the State of Virginia .
This experience gave him an understanding of the land he would later fight on as a soldier for and against the British .
Washington fought in two famous wars of the 1700’s .
The first he fought for the British as a Lt. Colonel and later as the Commander of all Virginian troops in the French and Indian war .
The second was the Revolutionary War in which he fought as the Commander in Chief of the Continental Army ; what would eventually be the army of the great United States of America .
During the French and Indian War , Washington wrote a letter to his mother after a great defeat which not only killed or wounded the bulk of the British soldiers that participated but also killed his General , Edward Braddock .
In this letter Washington explained that two horses were shot from beneath him and that he had four bullet holes in his coat .
There seemed to be a spiritual covering over Washington throughout his soldiering and political career .
His wisdom was unmatched by his peers and all who encountered him respected his presence and decision making .
There are few on this planet who can say that men would risk their life to fight for them and their view of currant affairs .
George Washington was one of the few .
His convictions on God and his hope for a free nation empowered Washington to influence those around him in a powerful way .
His influence was so powerful that all who caught a glimpse of his vision sparked into flame their own passion and desire to stand for freedom , both politically and religiously , and to fight against the tyranny that opposed that passion and desire .
The greatest part was that he not only voiced this influence , he lived it and exemplified it through his actions .
He was just a man , but he lived with purpose , passion , conviction , bravery , and a humble submission to one higher than himself .
He encompassed the ingredients of a true leader and those who chose to follow him consumed all he had to offer .
* Photo : Andrew Zbihlyj * Last year , Dambisa Moyo was an unknown banker in the London office of Goldman Sachs .
Then she wrote a book , Dead Aid , that blames foreign economic assistance for Africa 's poverty and corruption ( with passing shots at Bono and celebrity activism ) and calls for an overhaul .
As she began a tour of what seemed like hundreds of talk show appearances , defenders of aid started fighting back .
Economist Jeffrey Sachs called her views " cruel " and noted acidly that aid ( i.e. , scholarships ) sent Moyo from Zambia to Harvard .
Others , Moyo says , accused her of " killing African babies . "
But Moyo's arguments are based on basic , even well - known , facts : Europe and the US have sent billions in aid to horrible regimes .
Corrupt leaders have seen way more cash than needy citizens .
Endless loans left the continent with crippling debt .
And most of Africa is actually poorer today than it was a few decades ago , when aid dollars began to increase .
Furthermore , she does n't condemn all aid , just that to governments .
Nor has she proposed to end aid to Africa in five years , as many critics believe .
Rather , Moyo wants the world to taper off financial assistance to African governments , as quickly as possible , and replace it with direct investment .
She wants foreigners to see Africa as an opportunity not a basket case .
And she points to the fact that a number of African economies have actually grown in the past year , even as the global economy contracted .
Moyo is young , African , great on television , and a natural pundit .
This is what makes her so alarming to the development community .
To them , she 's providing cover for the world to neglect Africa .
She sees it another way .
" One of my publishers told me that I 've given people license to question these issues without being labeled heartless or uncaring . "
Wired 's Smart List 2009 12 Shocking Ideas That Could Change the World
PS3 gamers need not fret any longer , as the downloadable content for the PS3 version of Fallout 3 has been dated .
As confirmed already , Broken Steel will be coming first , followed by Operation Anchorage , The Pitt , Point Lookout , and Mothership Zeta .
Broken Steel , the first DLC pack to come to PS3 , hits online shelves on September 24th .
This will be followed by both Operation Anchorage and The Pitt on October 1st , then Point Lookout on October 8th .
If you worrying about the state of the Game of the Year Edition for PS3 , need not fret , as that will be hitting stores October 13th .
The GOTY edition will feature the original game , and all five DLC packs , for the low price of $ 59.99 .
[ Source ]
Justice Secretary Jack Straw says trade with Libya was considered Trade and oil played a part in the decision to include the Lockerbie bomber in a prisoner transfer deal , Jack Straw has admitted .
Speaking to the Daily Telegraph , the UK justice secretary said trade was " a very big part " of the 2007 talks that led to the prisoner deal with Libya .
However , Mr Straw 's spokesman accused the press of " outrageous " innuendo .
Scotland 's Justice Secretary granted Abdelbaset Ali al - Megrahi compassionate release because he was terminally ill .
£ 550 m oil deal
The 57 - year - old was serving life in Greenock prison for the 1988 bombing of PanAm flight 103 over Lockerbie , which killed 270 people .
On Wednesday , Prime Minister Gordon Brown insisted there was " no conspiracy , no cover - up , no double dealing , no deal on oil " over his release .
But officials admit the prisoner transfer agreement ( PTA ) was part of a wider set of negotiations aimed at bringing Libya in from the international cold , and improving British trade prospects with the country .
" Libya was a rogue state , " Mr Straw told the paper .
" We wanted to bring it back into the fold .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" And yes , that included trade because trade is an essential part of it and subsequently there was the BP deal . "
Mr Straw said Mr Brown was not involved in the decision to press ahead with the PTA , saying : " I certainly did n't talk to the PM .
There is no paper trail to suggest he was involved at all . "
Documents released by the UK Government show Mr Straw had originally tried to ensure that Megrahi was exempted from any prisoner deal with Libya , but in December 2007 he changed his mind .
In January 2008 , just weeks after the PTA was sealed , Libya ratified a £ 550 m oil deal with BP .
A spokesman for Mr Straw said the minister had always made clear that wider considerations such as trade played a part in the negotiation of the PTA .
He added : " Jack 's position has been on the record for some days .
" He has never denied that seeking an agreement with Libya over a Prisoner Transfer Agreement was connected to a wider process of normalising relations with Libya , including on trade , which is in the interests of us all .
" The level of innuendo over this issue in the newspapers is absurd and offensive .
It 's outrageous and far from the truth . "
Megrahi's welcome home in Libya angered many in the US and UK Deputy First Minister of Scotland Nicola Sturgeon said : " All this discussion about the prisoner transfer agreement is academic because al - Megrahi was n't released under the prisoner transfer agreement .
" Having said that , Jack Straw 's comments do tend to support the view that the Scottish Government always took which was that the prisoner transfer agreement was tainted and compromised by trade discussions . "
The Scottish National Party MSP added : " That 's why I think we were right to both oppose that agreement , but also to reject the application of the Libyan Government to have al - Megrahi released under it . "
Conservative foreign affairs spokesman David Lidington said : " It 's very hard to square what Jack Straw says today with Gordon Brown 's repeated denials of any kind of deal .
" That 's why we need an independent inquiry to get to the truth . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Type Classes With An Easier Example
I recently wrote this post .
It contained a lot of rather obtuse mathematics , just to introduce what was basically the example problem for the article .
That ’s because it was a real honest - to - goodness problem I was solving and writing papers on for algebra journals … admittedly , not the best choice for a blog aimed partly at non-mathematicians .
Here , I do something similar , but with a much simpler and more general purpose problem .
Overview
We ’ll be playing with converting matrices to an upper triangular form , essentially using Gaussian elimination .
As a reminder , here ’s what that means ( I ’m simplifying a little ) :
Goal : I have a matrix , and I ’d like it to be upper triangular .
( Upper triangular means that everything below the main diagonal is zero . )
Rules : I ’ll allow myself to do these things to the matrix : swap any two rows or columns , or add any multiple of a row or column to another one .
Strategy : I ’ll look for a non -zero element in the first column .
If there is one , I ’ll swap rows to move it to the first row of the matrix .
Then I ’ll add multiples of the first row to all of the other rows , until the entire rest of the first column is equal to zero .
Then ( here ’s where we get a little tricky ) I can just do the same thing on the rest of the matrix , ignoring the first row and column .
In other words , I ’ve reduced the problem to a smaller version of itself .
( Yep , it ’s a recursive algorithm . )
The Trick Up Our Sleeve : Instead of writing our function to operate directly on some representation of matrices , we ’ll make it work on a type class .
This will let us play all sorts of cool tricks .
Preliminary Stuff
I ’d like to be able to declare instance for my matrices without jumping through newtype hoops , so I ’ll start with a language extension .
{-# LANGUAGE TypeSynonymInstances #-}
Imports :
import Data .
Maybe
Next , I need a few easy utility functions on lists .
There ’s nothing terribly interesting here ; just a swap function , and a function to apply a function to the nth element of a list .
swap :: Int -> Int -> [ a ] -> [ a ] swap i j xs | i == j = xs | i > j = swap j i xs | otherwise = swap ' i j xs where swap ' 0 j ( x : xs ) = let ( b , xs ' ) = swap '' x ( j - 1 ) xs in b : xs ' swap ' i j ( x : xs ) = x : swap ' ( i - 1 ) ( j - 1 ) xs swap '' a 0 ( x : xs ) = ( x , a : xs ) swap '' a j ( x : xs ) = let ( b , xs ' ) = swap '' a ( j - 1 ) xs in ( b , x :xs ' ) modifynth :: Int -> ( a -> a ) -> [ a ] -> [ a ] modifynth _ _ [ ] = [ ] modifynth 0 f ( x : xs ) = f x : xs modifynth n f ( x : xs ) = x : modifynth ( n - 1 ) f xs
Finally , I need a type to represent matrices .
Since this is just toy code where I do n’t need really high performance , a list of lists will do just fine .
type Matrix = [ [ Double ] ]
All done .
On to the interesting stuff .
Building a Type Class
I already mentioned that I do n’t want to operate directly on the representation of a matrix as a list of lists .
Instead , I ’ll declare a type class capturing all of the operations that I ’d like to be able to perform .
class Eliminable a where ( @@ ) :: a -> ( Int , Int ) ->
Double size :: a ->
Int swapRows :: Int -> Int -> a -> a swapCols :: Int -> Int -> a -> a addRow :: Double -> Int -> Int -> a -> a addCol :: Double -> Int -> Int -> a -> a
I ’ve reserved the operator @@ to examine an entry of a matrix , size to give me its size , and then included functions to swap rows , swap columns , add a multiple of one row to another , and add a multiple of one column to another .
Now I just need an implementation for the concrete matrix type I declared earlier .
instance Eliminable Matrix where m @@ ( i , j ) = m !!
i !!
j size m = length m swapRows p q m = swap p q m swapCols p q m = map ( swap p q ) m addRow k p q m = modifynth q ( zipWith comb ( m !!p ) ) m where comb a b = k*a + b addCol k p q m = map ( \row -> modifynth q ( comb ( row ! ! p ) ) row ) m where comb a b = k*a + b
Done .
Programming With Our Type Class
Recall that the substantial portion of the elimination algorithm earlier was to zero out most of the first column of the matrix , leaving only the top element possibly non-zero .
We ’re now in a position to implement this piece of the algorithm .
It ’s not all that tricky .
zeroCol :: Eliminable a => a -> a zeroCol m = let clearRow j m' = addRow ( - ( m ' @@ ( j,0 ) / m' @@ ( 0,0 ) ) ) 0 j m' clearCol m' = foldr clearRow m ' [ 1 .. size m - 1 ] in case listToMaybe [ i | i <- [ 0 .. size m - 1 ] , m @@ ( i,0 ) /= 0 ] of Nothing -> m Just 0 -> clearCol m Just i -> clearCol ( swapRows 0 i m )
This function looks only at the first column of the matrix , and clears it out my moving a non-zero element to the top , and then adding the right multiple of that column to all those below it .
The important thing to notice is that this was implemented for any arbitrary instance of the type class I called “ Eliminable ” .
This will be incredibly useful in the next few steps .
Using the Type Class
The next part of the algorithm is to ignore the first row and column , and perform the same operation on the submatrix obtained by deleting them .
It ’s actually a bit unclear how to implement this .
We have a few options :
Modify zeroCol above , to have it take a parameter representing the current column , and do everything relative to the current column .
This is pretty messy .
It actually might not be too messy in this case , but if the algorithm I were implementing were a little less trivial to begin with ,
It might definitely be quite messy .
Actually perform the elimination on a separate matrix , and then somehow graft the first row and column from this matrix onto that one .
Again , this could get pretty messy in general .
Change the representation of the submatrices .
I ’ll choose the third .
Luckily , this is n’t too tough , since we have a type class .
I ’ll just define a newtype , and a new instance , to encapsulate the idea of a matrix with the first row and column deleted .
newtype SubMatrix a = SubMatrix { unwrap :: a } instance Eliminable a => Eliminable ( SubMatrix a ) where ( SubMatrix m ) @@ ( i , j ) = m @@ ( i+1 , j+1 ) size ( SubMatrix m ) = size m - 1 swapRows p q ( SubMatrix m ) = SubMatrix ( swapRows ( p+1 ) ( q+1 ) m ) swapCols p q ( SubMatrix m ) = SubMatrix ( swapCols ( p+1 ) ( q+1 ) m ) addRow k p q ( SubMatrix m ) = SubMatrix ( addRow k ( p+1 ) ( q+1 ) m ) addCol k p q ( SubMatrix m ) = SubMatrix ( addCol k ( p+1 ) ( q+1 ) m )
Using this new instance , I can easily complete the elimination algorithm .
eliminate :: Eliminable a => a -> a eliminate m | size m <= 1 = m | otherwise = unwrap .
eliminate .
SubMatrix .
zeroCol $ m
Yep , that ’s all there is to it , and we have a working elimination algorithm .
Type Class Games
Suppose , now , that I want a lower triangular matrix .
It might initially seem that I ’m out of luck ; I need to write all this code again .
That turns out not to be the case , though .
If I just teach the existing code how to operate on the transpose of a matrix instead of the matrix I ’ve given it , then all is well !
Here goes .
newtype Transposed a = Transposed { untranspose :: a } instance Eliminable a => Eliminable ( Transposed a ) where ( Transposed m ) @@ ( i , j ) = m @@ ( j , i ) size ( Transposed m ) = size m swapRows p q ( Transposed m ) = Transposed ( swapCols p q m ) swapCols p q ( Transposed m ) = Transposed ( swapRows p q m ) addRow k p q ( Transposed m ) = Transposed ( addCol k p q m ) addCol k p q ( Transposed m ) = Transposed ( addRow k p q m )
To implement the lower triangular conversion , now , is simple .
lowerTriang :: Eliminable a => a -> a lowerTriang = untranspose .
eliminate .
Transposed
Any number of changes to the operation we ’re trying to perform can often be expressed by simply substituting a different representation for the type on which we ’re performing the operation .
( Thinking about this fact can actually get pretty deep . )
Side Calculations
There ’s a fairly common problem that many people run into when moving from an imperative language to a functional one .
This can apply to learning functional programming , converting existing imperative code , or even just translating the concepts in one ’s mind when talking to someone who thinks imperatively .
The problem goes something like this : you have some code that performs some computation , and now you want to change the code to add some new concept to the existing computation .
Often , the new idea you ’re trying to add could be performed trivially in an imperative language , by adding print statements to some function seven layers in , or by keeping track of some value in a global variable , or in some field of some object .
In the functional setting , these are n’t available to you .
The minimalist answer is simply to add all the plumbing code ; new parameters and return values , etc. to every function in the entire call tree .
To say the least , this is unappealing !
To a new Haskell programmer , the obvious answer often looks like monads .
However , again , the entire call tree has to be rewritten in a monadic style , and besides , this is a tad like using a rocket launcher to rid the house of mice .
The solution I propose here is that many times , it ’s sufficient to use a type class .
Here ’s an example .
Problem : Calculate the determinant of a matrix efficiently .
Determinants can be calculated in a lot of different ways , but one of the most common uses elimination .
The interesting fact here is that once you ’ve got a triangular matrix ( lower or upper ; does n’t matter ) , then its determinant is just the product of its diagonal elements .
Furthermore , we know precisely what happens to the determinant when you swap rows or columns ( it flips sign , but the magnitude stays the same ) , or when you add a multiple of one row or column to the other ( it stays the same ) .
So a ( very fast ) way to calculate a determinant is to perform elimination , but also keep track , at each step , of what you ’ve done to the determinant so far .
So now we need , not merely a matrix , but a pair consisting of a matrix and some side information – namely , which change we ’ve made so far to the determinant .
data WithDeterminant a = WithDeterminant Double a instance Eliminable a => Eliminable ( WithDeterminant a ) where ( WithDeterminant _ m ) @@ ( i , j ) = m @@ ( i , j ) size ( WithDeterminant _ m ) = size m swapRows p q ( WithDeterminant d m ) = WithDeterminant ( - d ) ( swapRows p q m ) swapCols p q ( WithDeterminant d m ) = WithDeterminant ( - d ) ( swapCols p q m ) addRow k p q ( WithDeterminant d m ) = WithDeterminant d ( addRow k p q m ) addCol k p q ( WithDeterminant d m ) = WithDeterminant d ( addCol k p q m )
As before , once we ’ve defined the appropriate instance , the implementation is actually quite easy .
diags :: Matrix -> [ Double ] diags [ ] = [ ] diags ( r:rs ) = head r : diags ( map tail rs ) determinant :: Matrix ->
Double determinant m = let WithDeterminant d m' = eliminate ( WithDeterminant 1 m ) in d * product ( diags m ' )
The resulting determinant function actually performs quite well .
For example , calculation of the determinant of a 100 by 100 matrix is done in 1.61 seconds , fully interpreted in GHCi .
I did n’t bother compiling with optimization to see how well that does , nor replacing the inefficient list - of - lists representation of matrices with one based on contiguous memory or arrays .
( Edit : Compiled and optimized with GHC , but still using the list - of - list representation , the time is around a third of a second . )
( It ’s worth pointing out that automatic differentiation is another very impressive example of this same technique , except that it uses the standard numeric type classes instead of a custom type class . )
Conclusion
The point of this article is that plain old type classes in Haskell can be used to make your purely functional code very flexible and versatile .
By defining a type class to capture the concept of a set of related operations , I was able to achieve :
Choice of data structures .
Had I wanted to use a contiguous array instead of a list of lists , I could have easily done so .
Easier programming .
For example , operating on a submatrix of the original matrix became much easier .
Flexible code .
I was able to get lower triangular matrices , too , without rewriting the code .
Better composability .
I easily reused by upper triangular matrix calculation to find determinants , even though additional calculations had to be traced through the original .
Separation of concerns .
When I started , I never even dreamed that I might need to trace determinant calculations through the process .
That got added later on , in it ’s own separate bit of code .
If someone else wanted different plumbing … say , for logging , or precondition checking , or estimating the possible rounding error , all they ’d need to do is define a new instance of the type class .
None of this is new , of course .
But type classes are definitely an underused language feature by many Haskell programmers .
By Richard Cohen - September 15 , 2009
Once upon a time , before I began an interview with Rep. Charles Rangel , I was warned by an aide not to bring up the 1970 race in which the upstart Rangel defeated the virtually legendary Adam Clayton Powell to gain his House seat .
In the intervening years , Powell had gone from has - been to icon , with both a state office building and a boulevard named for him in Harlem , and it did Rangel no good in his district to be remembered as the man who brought down Powell -- a little bit of history that desperately needed airbrushing .
This , we are now learning , is Rangel 's true vocation .
Rangel is now the chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee and a man of immense importance in Washington .
Nonetheless , he has been busy of late revising and amending the record , backing and filling , using buckets of Wite - Out as he discovers or remembers properties he has owned in New York , New Jersey , Florida and the Dominican Republic and God only knows where else -- and has forgotten or neglected to fully report on the required forms , not to mention the income from them .
Oops !
Rangel recently even discovered bank accounts that no one in the world , apparently including him , knew he had .
One was with the Congressional Federal Credit Union , and another was with Merrill Lynch -- each valued between $ 250,000 and $ 500,000 .
He somehow neglected to mention these accounts on his congressional disclosure forms , which means , if you can believe it , that when he signed the forms , he did not notice that maybe $ 1 million was missing .
Someone ought to check the lighting in his office .
The dim bulb could also have accounted for why Rangel did not notice that he was soliciting contributions for the curiously named Charles B. Rangel Center for Public Service on the congressional letterhead of the very same Charles B. Rangel .
It may also account for why he failed to report dividend income from various investments in addition to what he made by selling a townhouse in Harlem .
The place went for $ 410,000 in 2004 , and had been rented -- or not -- to various people , who paid rent or did n't -- since Rangel reported no income for years at a time .
This is what he did , too , with the rent he earned on his Dominican Republic villa .
Again , nada .
There is something wrong with Charlie Rangel .
Either he did not notice that he was worth about twice as much as he said he was -- which is downright worrisome in a congressional leader -- or he thinks that he 's above the law -- which is downright worrisome in a congressional leader .
I was with Rangel on election night last year and heard him speak movingly and eloquently about what it meant for a black person to become president of the United States -- my God , who would have thought this day would ever come ? -- and he moved me to tears .
So I do n't think age has muddled his brain .
He is sharper on a bad day than most people on a good one .
But he suffers from the degenerative disease called Congressional Sclerosis .
Its symptom is the belief that the rules , especially the petty ones , no longer apply to you .
This happens over time .
It comes with seniority and a sense of victimization that combine to produce the onset of entitlement for goodies to which , in the course of things , you are not entitled .
All this is abetted by the righteous belief that everyone else is making money and taking private planes and dipping their tootsies in the balmy Caribbean on a given February Friday -- and so why can't you ?
You have the power and the staff -- just look at all those people ! -- and flunkies who will hold the elevator for you , pick you up at Reagan National Airport and on the other end at LaGuardia -- and you ought to have some commensurate luxuries .
This is only right .
This is the disease that ended Powell 's career .
He had good reason for his bitterness -- a black congressman whose staff could n't even eat in the House cafeteria -- but he marshaled all the slights , all the insults , to excuse an abominable attendance record and contempt for the law .
In the end , the very Harlem that today honors Powell turned against him and elected a Korean War vet named Charles Bernard Rangel .
Now , all these years later , the omissions , deletions , amendments , corrections and curious accumulation of wealth make one revise the history that Rangel wants obliterated :
He did n't beat Powell .
He joined him .
Stan Lee led the American comic book revolution in the 1950s and 1960s as president of Marvel Comics .
Under his astute stewardship he built a strong and loyal fanbase for a host of groundbreaking titles such as the Incredible Hulk , Iron Man , the X - Men and the iconic Spider - Man series .
He also was responsible for turning Marvel Comics into the giant multimedia corporation it is today .
The veteran publisher talks to us about Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2 , the latest videogame featuring his stable of characters …
What was the role you played in developing Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2 ?
In all honesty I 'm not involved with the development .
Activision deserves 100 % of the credit .
But when the game is done they show it to me , and I 'm usually so impressed that I tell them , next time you have one of these conventions you 'd better have me there so I can talk about it .
What do the characters get up to in Ultimate Alliance ?
It has more characters than I have ever seen , more characters that you yourself can take the identity of .
You can play it with three other people , and I think it has 150 different ways of having fusion with their powers .
It 's based on a theme from Marvel Comics about the superhero wars where the superheroes fought each other .
They use their powers exactly the way they do in the comics , yet it 's highly original and a new experience .
Did you have any idea back when you were creating them that in 2009 these characters would be living on in this way ?
I 'd love to be able to sit here and say , " Oh sure , I knew these things were destined for greatness , " but no , I had no idea at all .
We were sat in this dusty little office , the artists and me and we were drawing them and writing them and we just hoped people would buy the magazines .
That was as far as our aspirations went .
If you were starting out now , do you think you would have started out in games rather than comics ?
If I were young now and I wanted to do stories , I would very much want to get into the videogame business because it 's the most exciting .
Videogames and movies are the most exciting forms of entertainment .
But a videogame in a way is more imaginative , it has more variety .
In a movie you stick to the plotline , in a videogame you go in a million different directions .
I have no idea how they 're able to do that .
It 's like a miracle .
What advice would you give to a newcomer ?
Well it 's like anything else , if he or she wants to be a writer they should first study writing .
Do n't study comic writing , study writing – read literature , read the best writers you can find .
Learn the language , learn how to use it .
If you want to be an artist , you 've got to study the best artists in the business and try to draw as well as they do .
But too many people try to become artists in comics and they 're not as good as the ones that are presently drawing the comics .
Are you working on any other projects ?
We have a new company called Pow !
Entertainment .
The only thing I can give away is we have three movies in development at Walt Disney .
Have you been surprised by the way recent superhero movies have reinvigorated the comic book genre ?
It does n't surprise me at all .
There is still nothing that can take the place of a comic book , just as nothing can really replace a videogame , or a movie , or a double - rich ice cream sundae !
What do you think is the greatest misconception about comic books ?
The fact that it is n't really literature .
As far as I 'm concerned , a really great comic - book story is every bit as creative and important as a great story done in any other form of the media .
Of all the comic - book icons , you seem to be one of the most recognisable personalities .
Do you cultivate that ?
Somehow anonymity seems to have eluded me .
Since becoming Marvel 's editor in what feels like a zillion years ago , I always tried to talk up Marvel and promote all our stories and writers and artists , and in so doing , I guess I became like the figurehead for the company .
So , like it or not , I 've been the Marvel spokesman for decades – and after all this time , I think I 've managed to get used to it .
Which character did you wish you had created ?
I wish I could 've created all of them .
Imagine how great it would be to say , " Oh yeah , Superman is mine and I dreamed up Batman when I had some spare time ! "
I 've always liked offbeat characters , so it would have been nice to have created DC's Lobo , and I wish that I could have dreamed up Wolverine .
Another favourite of mine is Jack Kirby 's Darkseid .
Which of your characters is the most like you ?
They all are .
When writing about a character , the only way to make him empathetic and believable is to imagine that you are that character .
All of them are representative of me – especially Irving Forbush .
You recently announced a TV project concerning a gay superhero .
How 's that progressing ?
So far it 's looking real good .
We 're waiting for the final decision from the network .
How much of a difference has it made now that Marvel is able to make its own movies ?
A great difference .
Nobody knows our characters or what makes them popular as well as Marvel .
Now that they have complete control of the movies it 's certain that each production will be as true to the characters as possible .
• Marvel Ultimate Alliance 2 is out now
Arnie might want to rethink this one .
In a classic case of a perverse incentive , California state law actually encourages homeowners to build in brushy canyons prone to massive wildfires like the “ Station fire ” , which burned over 350,000 hectares and destroyed dozens of homes near Los Angeles this month .
In 1968 , the state legislature mandated that every property owner must be able to buy affordable fire insurance , no matter how risky their location .
An industry - sponsored syndicate , the California Fair Plan , serves as insurer of last resort for those deemed too high - risk for conventional fire insurance .
Some 17,400 owners of brushland property now obtain insurance through this route , says Mike Harris , a spokesman for the plan .
That may be a bad idea , because coastal brushland , or chaparral , is naturally prone to infrequent but very intense fires .
Unlike in forest , where planned fires can clear out dead wood and keep wildfires small , fire managers can do little to prevent massive fires in chaparral .
Risk reduction
Homeowners can take some steps to reduce their risk , such as replacing wood shingles with non-flammable material – but anyone living in chaparral must expect to be burned out eventually .
Advertisement
“ We ’ve been deluding ourselves to think we can stop these fires .
They ’re going to burn no matter what , ” says Jon Keeley , an ecologist with the US Geological Survey in Three Rivers , California .
The best solution in the long term , fire experts agree , is to avoid building in the riskiest areas – a solution made harder by the state ’s insistence on insuring such properties .
If you are not convinced that Britain 's libel laws operate against the public interest , check out the Trafigura case .
Thousands of west Africans fell ill and an unknown number died in 2006 after hundreds of tonnes of the oil company 's toxic oil waste were dumped in densely populated parts of Ivory Coast .
Now that the Guardian has found the smoking gun — the cynical and disgraceful emails from Trafigura traders discussing the creation and disposal of dangerous wastes – the company 's attempts to stifle its critics have collapsed .
But until now the coverage of the case in Britain , with a few honourable exceptions such as Newsnight and the Guardian 's investigations team , has been curiously muted .
This could be one of the worst cases of corporate killing and injury since the Bhopal disaster , but much of the media would n't touch it with a bargepole .
The reason is n't hard to divine : Trafigura has been throwing legal threats ( pdf ) around like confetti .
It 's true that the company has also threatened journalists in the Netherlands and Norway , but the law is less kind to such plaintiffs in those countries , and its threats were taken less seriously .
In Britain , libel ( or defamation ) is used as the rich man 's sedition law , stifling criticism and exposure of all kinds of malpractice .
Dating back to the 13th century , it was reframed during the past 200 years specifically to protect wealthy people from criticism , based on the presumption that any derogatory remark made about a gentleman must be false .
The law of defamation is the only British instrument which places the burden of proof on the defendant .
Given the inordinate costs involved , it 's not surprising that it discourages people from investigating abuses of power .
How many Trafiguras have got away with it by frightening critics away with Britain 's libel laws ?
How many Robert Maxwells have successfully fended off attempts to show that they have robbed , cheated and lied ?
These iniquitous , outdated laws are a threat to democracy , a threat to society , a threat to the environment and public health .
They must be repealed .
Monbiot.com
NEW YORK ( AP ) 
Seizing a chance to challenge the world , President Obama says the global community is failing its people and fixing that is not " solely America 's endeavor . "
" Those who used to chastise America for acting alone in the world cannot now stand by and wait for America to solve the world 's problems alone , " Obama said in a passage of the speech he was delivering Wednesday to the United Nations General Assembly .
The White House released excerpts in advance that carried a remarkably blunt tone .
It comes in Obama 's first speech to this world body , a forum like none other for a leader hoping to wash away any lasting images of U.S. unilateralism under George W. Bush .
In essence , Obama 's message is that he expects plenty in return for reaching out .
" We have sought in word and deed a new era of engagement with the world , " Obama said , echoing the cooperative theme he promised as a candidate and has since used as a pillar of his foreign policy .
" Now is the time for all of us to take our share of responsibility . "
He said if the world is honest with itself , it has fallen woefully short .
" Extremists sowing terror in pockets of the world , " Obama said .
" Protracted conflicts that grind on and on .
Genocide and mass atrocities .
More and more nations with nuclear weapons .
Melting ice caps and ravaged populations .
Persistent poverty and pandemic disease . "
The president added , " I say this not to sow fear , but to state a fact : the magnitude of our challenges has yet to be met by the measure of our action . "
Obama 's speech is the centerpiece of a day in which he was also holding pivotal meetings with the new Japanese prime minister , Yukio Hatoyama , and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev .
Immersed in a packed agenda here , Obama foreshadowed his message to world leaders in a speech Tuesday to the Clinton Global Initiative .
He spoke of nations interconnected by problems , whether a flu strain or an economic collapse or a drug trade that crosses borders .
" Just as no nation can wall itself off from the world , no one nation — no matter how large , no matter how powerful — can meet these challenges alone , " Obama said .
While that point is hardly new , it is sharper because of the political context .
Obama follows Bush , who at times questioned the U.N. 's toughness and credibility , particularly in containing Iraq 's Saddam Hussein .
The U.S. - U.N. relationship wilted .
Obama 's team is intent on drawing the contrast .
" The United States has dramatically changed the tone , the substance and the practice of our diplomacy at the United Nations , " said Susan Rice , Obama 's ambassador to the U.N .
But multilateralism has its limits , particularly as national interests collide .
Obama needs the sway of Russia and China in getting tougher U.N. action against Iran over its potential nuclear weapons program , and neither country is showing interest .
While other world leaders could push for Mideast peace , it was Obama who personally intervened in pulling together the Israeli and Palestinian leaders on Tuesday .
He showed some impatience as both sides have been stalled over familiar issues .
The good - will feeling of Obama 's fresh government is apparent at the United Nations .
But eight months into his presidency , the problems he inherited are now his own , upping expectations for results .
His White House is being pressed to right the war in Afghanistan .
And his efforts toward diplomacy with adversaries , chiefly Iran and North Korea , are not meant to be open - ended .
Obama 's day starts with his meeting with Hatoyama , who has said he wants to shift Japan 's diplomatic stance from one that is less centered on Washington 's lead .
Later , Obama was meeting with Medvedev .
That session comes just days following Obama 's decision to abruptly scrap a Bush - era missile defense plan that Russia deeply opposed , swapping it for a proposal the U.S. says better targets any launch by Iran .
Russian leaders rejoiced over Obama 's move , but he dismissed any role Russia may have played and called it just a bonus if the country is now less " paranoid " about the U.S. Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
MONTGOMERY , Ala .
The State of Alabama has just dedicated $ 6 million in federal stimulus money to combat a certain invasive weed , and the two men chosen to lead this ground war can already hear you laughing .
Millions of dollars to kill some weeds ?
Sounds like another good - old - boy boondoggle .
Heh - heh - heh .
But we ’re not talking dandelions here .
This weed is the killer weed , the nearly indestructible weed , The Weed From Another Continent  a weed that evokes those old science - fiction movies in which clueless citizens ignore reports of an alien invasion , leaving the heroes to rail in frustration :
The fools !
Do n’t they understand ?
This is cogongrass !
Two weeks ago , our two heroes began operating the Alabama Cogongrass Control Center out of the drabbest office in the drab Alabama Forestry Commission building , here in Montgomery .
The small room is so spare , with its empty bookshelves and bare wood - paneled walls , that it seems to exist in black and white , save for a large , color - coded map of Alabama on a table .
Dozens of tiny green bubbles dot the map , particularly throughout the bottom third of the state .
Each one represents a GPS - identified location of the enemy : cogongrass ( Imperata cylindrica ) , also known as the Perfect Weed , and considered one of the 10 worst weeds in the world .
It can take over fields and forests , ruining crops , destroying native plants , upsetting the ecosystem .
It is very difficult to kill .
It burns extremely hot .
And its serrated leaves and grainy composition mean that animals with even the most indiscriminate palates  goats , for example  say no thanks .
Apple 's new Mac OS version 10.6 , a derivative of its existing Leopard operating system dubbed Snow Leopard , comes equipped with antimalware features designed to detect certain Mac- related viruses and Trojans .
Apple might have attempted to keep Snow Leopard 's new security features under wraps , but news leaked out days prior to the release on a blog site by the Mac security company Intego , which posted a screenshot of an application that detected a version of a Mac Trojan in a downloaded disk image .
Snow Leopard touts antivirus scanning tools designed to combat a myriad of malicious Trojans and worms aimed at the Mac OS X platform in recent months .
Among other things , Apple claims that the new antimalware feature protects users from a specific hacking technique called " sandboxing , " which restricts user actions on the Mac by limiting access to files and the number of programs they can launch .
Apple says that new scanner screens for malware on its Web browser Safari , as well as Mail and iChat , and inspects digital signatures to verify that an application was n't altered after it was created .
However , since the Friday launch , the Mac OS X has been on the receiving end of a barrage of sharp criticism from bloggers and security researchers alike .
While most experts have applauded Apple 's initiative to ramp up security , critics say that the security enhancements do n't go far enough to protect against malicious attacks .
Security experts contend that Snow Leopard 's new security features fall short of most legitimate security vendor standards , which will ultimately work against users by lulling them into a false sense of security , when in fact they are actually not secure at all .
According to researchers at Intego , the built - in antivirus feature only scans files on a handful of applications , including Safari , Mail , iChat , Firefox , Entourage and a few other browsers , but fails to scan from other sources , such as BitTorrent or FTP files .
In addition , Snow Leopard 's acclaimed antivirus feature is only able to detect two Trojans , despite the fact that researchers have detected dozens of malicious threats that target the Mac OS X platform .
Some of those malware threats target e-mail , Web - related vulnerabilities and other threats that often depend on user behavior .
And security experts maintain that while Apple 's attempt at antivirus is noble , it barely scratches the surface in terms of comprehensive security .
" As of right now , the main danger on a Macintosh comes not from the operating system , but comes from the behavior of the user -- falling for bad phishing Web sites , responding to ads on Craigslist .
There 's enough that the end user requires protection , " said David Perry , director of global education for Trend Micro .
" What are we going to do about it ? "
Perry said that thus far , Mac malware is still few and far between .
But as Mac 's market share grows , the number of viruses , Trojans and other threats will likely experience a sharp uptick .
" We 're seeing drips and drops of malware for the Mac , but this is how it began on the PC , " Perry said .
Prior to the release , the blogosphere was rife with speculation about whether Apple was going to go the open source ClamAV route or collaborate with a third party antivirus vendor .
It turned out neither was the case , as Apple has deployed its own in - house creation into its operating system , which also opens up a Pandora 's Box of challenges , security experts say .
Aleks Gostev , senior virus analyst for Kaspersky Lab , said that because Apple is generating its own antimalware product , the company has become a de facto competitor with other antivirus vendors .
" If the company 's done that , then it should have all the appropriate departments -- a virus lab , a monitoring service , antivirus technical support , etc. , " Gostev said in a blog post .
" At the moment , Apple does n't have any of these things .
But it does have its ' antivirus . ' "
She came home to find her children asleep but her husband nowhere to be found .
To her horror , when she went to investigate a suspicious noise in the garage , she found her husband of 15 years cheating on her with the babysitter .
The secretive US Special Operations Command ( SOCOM ) has awarded arms globocorp General Dynamics a $ 10 m contract to set up a network of psychological - warfare " influence websites " supporting the Global War On Terror .
France and Britain are specifically included as " targeted regions " .
SOCOM is principally famous for its large contingents of elite , secret operatives from all four US armed services ( Navy SEALs , Green Berets , Delta Force , Team - 6 / DevGru , " the Activity " etc etc ) .
What 's less well - known about the organisation is that it also includes the US forces ' active psychological - warfare apparatus .
According ( pdf ) to the 4th Airborne Psychological Operations Group - the only full - time psywar unit in the US Army , and part of SOCOM :
PSYOP is the dissemination of truthful information to foreign audiences in support of US policy ... these activities are not forms of force , but are force multipliers that use nonviolent means in often violent environments ... they rely on logic , fear , desire or other mental factors ...
The ultimate objective of US military psychological operations is to convince enemy , neutral , and friendly nations and forces to take action favorable to the United States ...
Their purpose can range from gaining support for US operations to preparing the battlefield for combat .
Now SOCOM 's Joint Military Information Support Command , which " orchestrates a 24/7 multi-media campaign formatted to the cultures and languages of relevant audiences " in " what has become a tough , entrenched war of ideas " has deployed what it calls the Trans - Regional Web Initiative ( TRWI ) .
Specs on the programme were issued last year ( pdf ) and earlier this month General Dynamics was awarded $ 10,116,177 to run the Initiative for the first year .
The Initiative contract goes into detail :
Special Operations Command requires the capability to posture for rapid , on - order global dissemination of web - based influence products and tools in support of strategic and long - term U.S. Government goals ...
[ Contractors will ] develop , design , construct , operate , and maintain a series of synchronized influence websites supporting [ Global War On Terror ] requirements ...
Government estimates a minimum of two and no more than twelve websites .
The SOCOM psywar sites will be run much in the same fashion as any normal web - media portal .
There will be " indigenous content stringers and editors " within " targeted regions " providing 24 - hour " original features , news , sports , entertainment , economics , politics , cultural reports , business , and similar items of interest to targeted readers " .
Looking underneath the headlines , two points ring out from today ’s jobs report .
1 ) Men are getting hammered by this recession .
The jobless rate for men hit 10.1 % in August .
This now matches the post World War II high hit in 1982 .
It ’s even higher if you include teenagers ; 10.9 % unemployment for men and teen boys .
That compares to a 7.6 % jobless rate for women and an 8.2 % rate for women and teen girls , which are well below their 1982 peaks .
The attached chart shows it all .
Men always do more poorly in downturns , in part because they tend to work in more cyclical industries .
In this downturn , they ’ve been in industries that got hit especially hard : construction , manufacturing and financial services .
It would be worth looking at how this is playing out for President Barack Obama .
Are his approval ratings getting hit harder among men ?
Probably .
>2) The economy is experiencing another huge increase in productivity in the third quarter .
Nonfarm labor productivity grew at an annual rate of 6.6 % in the second quarter .
Look for something in that eye - popping range for the current quarter .
Here ’s a rough sketch of the numbers : Today ’s jobs numbers showed that the Labor Department ’s index of aggregate hours worked by Americans was at 98.9 in August , down steeply from a second quarter average of 99.7 .
That ’s from a combination of job cuts , reductions in overtime and other cuts to work shifts .
Let ’s assume there ’s no change in hours worked in September .
That would mean the total amount of hours that Americans worked in the third quarter would be down at about a 2.8 % annual rate .
The economy seems to be on track to grow at an annual rate of 3 % or more .
More output and fewer hours worked means more productivity in the neighborhood of 6 % .
You ’ll be hearing a lot of talk about a jobless recovery in the months ahead .
The upside is that this is good for corporate profits .
The downside is that workers will suffer even after the economy comes back .
For more on this topic :
368,379 people killed , 306,096 injured and over $ 2,815,931,000 in economic damages
What 's the harm in Jehovah 's Witnesses ?
Jehovah 's Witnesses believe that blood transfusions are prohibited by the Bible .
At one time , they also prohibited organ transplants , but have since reversed that policy ..
Read more about Jehovah 's Witnesses
Here are 17 people who were harmed by someone not thinking critically .
Delores L. Busselman Age : 26
Sioux Falls , South Dakota Died
January 12 , 1971 Jehovah 's Witness refused transplant Read more
Patience Edema Age : 24
Leyton , London , England Died
October 24 , 2002 Jehovah 's Witness refused transfusion Read more
John Edwards Age : 57
Southall , West London , England Critically ill
June 4 , 2008
He was hit by a car and critically injured , hospital workers revived him at least once .
But his wife refuses to let them transfuse blood , without which he cannot endure emergency surgery .
He sits in the ICU near death , while his non -JW sons look on .
Read more & more
Yelena Godlevskaya Age : 17
Riga , Latvia Died
September 6 , 1996
She was hit by a car and suffered a fractured pelvis .
She refused a blood transfusion because of her Jehovah 's Witness faith , so doctors could not operate .
Eventually doctors forced her to take one , but she still died .
Read more & more
Emma Gough & family Age : 22
Shrewsbury , England
She died , the family is now motherless
October 25 , 2007
Just hours after giving birth to twins , she refused a blood transfusion because she was a Jehovah 's Witness .
Now her children are motherless .
Read more
Bethany Hughes Age : 17
Calgary , Alberta , Canada Died ( leukemia )
September 5 , 2002 Bethany 's leukemia required ( among other things ) blood transfusions for treatment .
Her father wanted her to do this , but she and her mother were Jehovah 's Witnesses and refused .
A divorce and custody case tore the family apart , and Bethany died .
Read more
Lawrence Hughes Calgary , Alberta , Canada Family destroyed , daughter died
September 5 , 2002
He fought in court to get conventional treatments for his daughter Bethany Hughes , against the wishes of his Jehovah 's Witness wife .
A long court battle and divorce resulted , and Bethany still died .
Read more & more
Carlton Johnson Age : 25
Dallas , Texas Died
July 1993 Jehovah 's Witness refused transfusion Read more
Norma Kissoon Age : 68
Braunstone Town , Leicester , England Died
February 4 , 2002 Jehovah 's Witness refused transfusion Read more
Yvonne Leighton Age : 28
Sunderland , Tyne & Wear , England Died
March 1993 Jehovah 's Witness refused transfusion Read more
Dennis Lindberg Age : 14
Mount Vernon , Washington Died ( refused blood transfusion )
November 28 , 2007 Dennis was a Jehovah 's Witness , and refused blood transfusions .
Unfortunately they are essential to treating leukemia .
His parents fought in court to force the treatment , but Dennis won the case .
He died .
Read more
Jose Maestre Age : 51
Lisbon , Portugal Has a 12 - pound tumor completely obscuring his face
December 3 , 2007
Jose developed a tumor on his lip , but refused surgery because he is a Jehovah 's Witness and cannot accept blood transfusions .
Over decades the tumor has grown to obscure his entire face .
Read more & more
Popular Science
We do n't know exactly how to say this without overloading your nerd subsystem , but this R2D2 unit packs eight consoles , an integrated sound system and a projector for throwing your Jet Grind Radio sessions onto a wall .
The only extras you 'll need are the masses of controllers you see above and the steady constitution to not erupt into geek euphoria .
reader Brian De Vitis is the man you have to thank for this splicing of console goodness , and he 's been kind enough to also provide a picture of the R2's mobo - laden innards .
It awaits just past the break . [ Via Hack N Mod
In the second of a six - part series , Barney Ronay talks us through the rise of ironman of the dugout , from Stan Cullis to Fabio Capello
Nothing reconfirms one ’s sense that knowledge really is justified true belief [ 1 ] like a wild mushroom .
And nothing illustrates its absence like a wild mushroom either .
A pile of chanterelles has reduced me to a Cartesian , convinced that certain knowledge of the ( fixed , mind independent ) mushroom world is possible .
And utterly convinced that I do not have such knowledge .
For the past two days , I ’ve been staring at this pile of bright orange specimens [ 2 ] on our counter , saying “ chanterelle ?
False chanterelle ?
Chanterelle ?
False chanterelle ? ”
I ’ve pored over the web pages of mushroom sites , stared at countless pictures of both varieties , read and reread the characteristics that are supposed to distinguish between the two — all to no avail .
I ’ve gone so far as to set up a very rudimentary spore print , to determine whether my mushrooms had yellow spores ( good ) or white spores ( bad ) .
The answer , so far as I can tell , is , yellowish - white .
Or maybe whitish yellow .
I told my neighbor that chanterelles smell like apricots , so when she took a whiff of my “ chanterelle , ” that ’s what she smelled .
( Power of suggestion ?
Nawwwww …. )
I ’ll confess that I even tasted them .
I know , I know .
But after determining that I was looking at either a real chanterelle or a false one ( and not the scary Jack O’Lantern mushroom , a lookalike that glows in the dark ! ) , and after three or four websites told me that the false chanterelle was unpleasant tasting but not poisonous , I thought , “ what the heck ?
This will tell me what I need to know , and it ’s unlikely that I ’ll get a stomach ache from just a sliver . ”
That was three days ago ; I experienced no stomach ache ( or any other adverse effect ) , but neither could I decide whether what I was tasting was “ choice ” or “ bitter and metallic . ”
When put to the test , I ’d have to say “ choicely metallic . ”
Or maybe “ metallically choice . ”
Did Descartes ’s skepticism imprint upon me so strongly that I can’t even figure out what I ’m tasting ?
( This writer had no such problem ! )
Since my nibble , I ’ve come across several websites informing me that , well , gee , maybe they might be kinda sorta poisonous after all … .
Again , I ’m not dead yet , or even sick , so I ’m not worried .
But neither am I going to waste any precious butter frying up a bunch of bitter , metallic wanna - bes .
Of course , given their age , if these are the real thing , all they ’re good for at this point is drying — which would still be a very good thing indeed .
If I could pick all the pine needles and duff out of them .
When it comes to justifying your beliefs , nothing beats the opinion of an expert .
Alas , our peninsula ’s expert ( whom I finally screwed up my courage to contact ) is away from home ( during chanterelle season ??? ) and is n’t available to look at my shriveling specimens .
Perhaps I ’ll just dry them and place them on my desk , as a subtle reminder that , when all is said and done , I do believe in Truth with a capital T .
At least when it comes to mushrooms .
[ 1 ] Sorry Mr. Gettier .
I know you showed us that a justified true belief does n’t constitute knowledge , but I gotta say , if someone right now told me that : a )
The statement “ These are chanterelles ” is true ; b) I believe “ These are chanterelles ” is a true statement ; and c ) I am justified in believing that “ these are chanterelles ” is a true statement , well , then I ’d be in chanterelle heaven .
[ 2 ] Specimens , I would note , that I gathered while kayaking .
Specimens that I spotted on an island , from my kayak .
At a distance of about forty or fifty feet .
I gotta tell you I was impressed with myself .
Burgerville : Fresh , Local , Sustainable
… and now bike - able !
Chalk it up as another big win for citizen activism .
Portland writer and self - described “ family biking evangelist ” Sarah Gilbert ’s account of being denied service in the drive - thru of a local Burgerville restaurant while on her bicycle ( which was then picked up by local media and Twittered all over the place ) has led the company to announce a new policy .
The 39 location Burgerville chain announced today that people on bicycles are now allowed to order and pick up food through the drive - thru ( which they now also refer to as a “ cycle - thru ” ! ) .
The company — whose major marketing hook is its earth - friendly practices — is billing this as their “ latest sustainability innovation ” .
According to a press release , the company will announce a formal drive - thru program within the next two weeks .
Here ’s an excerpt from the release where they specifically credit Ms. Gilbert in making the policy decision :
“ Burgerville is creating a chain - wide formalized bike - friendly policy , which was galvanized yesterday in part due to an experience chronicled by Sarah Gilbert , an avid Portland cyclist .
Ms. Gilbert attempted to order cheeseburgers at Burgerville ’s Southeast 25th Avenue and Powell Boulevard drive - thru and was rebuffed …
Ms. Gilbert ’s experience helped accelerate our decision to develop a formal bike - friendly program . ”
Burgerville says their previous policy was to allow individual managers to decide whether or not to serve people on bikes in drive thrus , but now the policy will be mandated at all their locations .
Here ’s Burgerville honcho Jack Graves :
“ Opening up our drive - thrus to the large cycling community in our area is a natural for us and is very much in line with our overall values .
While we are sorry that Ms. Gilbert was inconvenienced , we appreciate the passion she brought to the issue and her commitment to the environment and our food .
We are excited about the positive impact we will be able to make through our new bike policy . ”
Burgerville expects that all 39 of its locations will be able to accommodate “ cycle - thru ” orders within the next two weeks as the company finalizes operational and safety aspects of the program .
Read Sarah Gilbert ’s response to the news posted today on her CafeMama blog .
“ Cycle - thru ” — now that has a very nice ring to it .
We are lucky to have citizens like Sarah Gilbert and locally owned and operated companies like Burgerville that listen and respond to their customers .
Now , I wonder if this will lead to a revolution of opening up drive - thrus at other places like banks , pharmacies , and so on ?
And , who ’s up for organizing a ride to Burgerville cycle - thrus next week ?!
Seriously .
Front Page , News
bike thrus , burgerville , drive - thrus , sarah gilbert
So Warners have restructured DC Comics into DC Entertainment , bringing more mainstream attention to the second - biggest comic book publisher in the industry .
Is this a good thing ?
A bad thing ?
Something we should even care about at all ?
Advertisement
If you care about comic , the answer to that last question is definitely yes ... and the key ingredient may be Paul Levitz stepping down as DC Comics President and Publisher as part of the announcement .
Leading comic book retailer Brian Hibbs put it best :
I 'm absolutely shattered by this news — I was hoping we'd have AT LEAST another decade with Paul at the helm , and now everything — everything — is up in the air .
Chances are that , by 2012 , nothing in comics will even remotely resemble what it does today .
Advertisement
If you 're wondering why one man leaving can cause such upset , here 's writer Kurt Busiek with a quick history lesson :
Paul has been at the forefront of just about every industry development of the last couple of decades , and has been key to how the industry 's shaped itself over those years .
Shifting from a periodicals - only business to a strong backlist - oriented business with trade paperbacks and hardcovers , adding imprints like Vertigo , creating new opportunities for creators and for creator ownership , seeing that DC gave a fair ( or at least fairer ) deal to the creators who originated the concepts that turned up in DC - based movies , from Arkham Asylum and Lucius Fox to Robin 's motorcycles ( yeah , because they called Chris O'Donnell 's ride the " Redbird " in one of the movies , Paul Levitz saw to it that Chuck Dixon got money ) and more , Paul was an important part of a huge number of changes that DC 's seen , and that the whole industry 's seen .
Some of them big changes everyone 's noticed , some of them behind - the - scenes stuff few people know about ...
Paul is one of a very few people who 've been absolutely key in shaping the comics industry from what it was in the mid-Seventies to what it is today .
Staggering changes , built slowly over time , so that DC ( and the companies that adopted DC's innovations ) could build from strength to strength .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
( Rich Johnston lists more of Levitz ' achievements here ; the opposing view of his time at the publisher is put forward by Dirk Deppey here . )
The loss of a chief executive so passionate about the comic medium and comic industry comes at a perilous time for DC Comics as a comic book publisher ; the creation of DC Entertainment places it firmly under the control of Warners ' movie - making wing ( DC Entertainment president Diane Nelson reports directly to Warner Bros Picture Group president Jeff Robinov ) , instead of as the autonomous entity it had been previously , and Levitz ' surprise departure leaves DC Comics without a president , at least temporarily ( Nelson will not be taking that role , saying that she does n't have the expertise to do it well ) .
Advertisement
He will be staying with the company as writer for Adventure Comics and consultant , although that last part seems somewhat nebulous in terms of what it actually means :
The longer term thing is to be available as both a creative consultant and a consultant on those things in the business that have mattered most to me – how we treat the talent and what the relationships are like there .
That , I think , will vary project to project .
There are times where I 'm sure I 'll be as welcome in the room as I have been with [ " The Dark Knight " Director ]
Chris Nolan , who 's turned into a wonderful friend , Jonathan [ Nolan , co-writer of " The Dark Knight " ] and Emma Thomas [ producer of " The Dark Knight " ] , the whole team there .
There will be other cases where Diane will tell me , " This one 's under control , kid , we do n't need you .
Come see the movie when it comes out . "
That will be fine , too , and anything in between .
Advertisement
Rumors have it that Nelson and Robinov both wanted Levitz to stay on during the transition , but he refused ; one particularly worrying version of the rumors is that he refused because he was uncomfortable with changes that Nelson and DC Entertainment would bring to DC Comics .
Despite some saying that the creation of DC Entertainment amounts to little more than a corporate restructuring , as Warners already owned DC Comics , the loss of autonomy generally and the president of the company specifically makes this a greater shift - and may ultimately have greater impact - to the comic industry than Disney 's purchase of Marvel , which ( if all are to be believed ) will result in little - to - no change creatively for Marvel Comics .
Warner Bros.
Chairman Barry Meyer is already on record as saying that DC Entertainment will allow Warners to " exercise appropriate control over these properties , " which sounds much more ominous than Disney chairman Bob Iger 's " Marvel stays Marvel " comments about that sale , despite Nelson 's reassurances that DC Comics wo n't be " deconstructed . "
Advertisement
( One worry outside of Warners taking a stronger hand in DC 's creative decisions - and perhaps a more important worry to the comic book industry as a whole - is that DC Comics still has an option to purchase Diamond Distributors , which has been the case since the implosion of the comic market in the mid-1990s .
Diamond , now essentially a monopoly in terms of distribution to comic book stores internationally , is the speciality comic book market ; whereas before Levitz was said to be the moral voice stopping any such sale from taking place , without Levitz and with Warners looking to make DC Entertainment a profitable company , what 's to stop DC from buying Diamond now - especially as doing so would allow them to control the distribution of Marvel Comics ? )
Also , what does the creation of DC Entertainment mean about Warner Bros ' priorities in general ?
During an interview with The Wrap , DC Entertainment president Nelson said that the new division was
quite a big deal for the future of our company .
It will be such an engine for all our content .
Advertisement
As a new motion picture division , it " replaces " Warner Independent , which closed last year , emphasizing the company 's increasingly genre- centric programming ( Warners also owns New Line Studios , as well as Warner Bros Animation , Warner Bros Family Entertainment , Warner Bros Pictures and Castle Rock ) and cementing moves to make DC properties a centerpiece of their movie slate that have been ongoing for more than a year now , including bringing comic writers Geoff Johns , Grant Morrison and Marv Wolfman in as consultants this summer .
As moviegoing audiences continue to vote for genre franchises with their dollars , Warners seem to be responding by finally playing with the toys that they 've owned - but forgotten about - all along .
Advertisement
When Disney bought Marvel , I could n't help but be reminded of Marvel editor - in - chief Joe Quesada 's infamous off - the - record - but - quoted - anyway comment about DC from 2002 :
What the fuck is DC anyway ?
... I mean , they have Batman and Superman , and they do n't know what to do with them .
That 's like being a porn star with the biggest dick and you can't get it up .
What the fuck ?
Advertisement
Who knows , maybe seven years later , Warners looked at what they owned , and agreed .
Maybe DC Entertainment is corporate Viagra .
We 'll have to wait until 2010 - DC Comics ' 75th anniversary - to find out .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
09/08/2009
Meet the firm that 's plotting best camera angles to take away your rights
by Jeremy Hooper
The San Francisco based Criswell Associates firm has worked on ads like these :
They also spearheaded a more notorious one :
So why do we drag these old pieces back into light ?
Well , because thanks to the detective work of gay rights digger Chino Blanco ( who 's granted us permission to run with his work ) , we 've now learned that this Criswell firm ( working with Coyote Films ) is also in charge of the Maine anti-equality forces ' forthcoming TV spot .
Casting director James Stiles ( to whom we introduced you last week ) revealed to Chino that not only is Criswell producing the " Yes on 1 " spot for Stand For Marriage Maine -- but apparently they are not even creating the commercial in Maine , with the firm instead flying the actors out to CA !
Which all leads to the question :
Why do they have to try so damn hard ?!
If their campaign is so righteous and Mainers are so fully in their corner , why can't they do as our side has already done and simply round up a few locals who 're willing to tell their heartfelt stories to a lone camera ?
Why do they need so much time , research , and strategic casting to get their job done ?
If they hold the keys to " truth , " then why are they working so frickin ' hard ( and traveling so many miles ) to piece together something sellable ?
The answer : Because theirs is a movement that depends on masking the truth .
Like all illusionists , our " protect marriage " opposition requires smoke and mirrors to sell their false reality .
They know that saying that they want to ban gay marriage is out of the question , so they can't simply put a camera in front of those who want to do just that .
Instead they have to resort to a carefully workshopped script , ominous music , perfectly cast actors ( we 've already heard about a few interesting auditioners who they 've rejected ) , and an overall steaming plate of bullcrapola to dupe folks with fear .
Our side is more than ready for it this time .
And we 're convinced that Mainers will see right through this California production , even though the waters are being so carefully , deliberately muddied !
** Check this out : Back in July of 2008 , Criswell Associates head Bill Criswell was scouring the Internet looking for gay pride parade footage .
Something tells us it was n't so that he could admire the drag queens .
* Also : Learn more about Coyote Films .
They seem to be handling the directorial elements of the commercial .
** More , also via Chino 's detective work :
Here is an actual audition for the teacher role :
** UPDATE , 9/14 :
As you can see , all of Criswell 's YouTubes have been removed .
It 's part of their odd and sudden attempt to remove themselves from the web .
Your thoughts
I 'm assuming the ' Measure 10 ' business is a smokescreen .
And I hope to God they run with the ' out of state people ' angle , especially if they 're flying in actors from California .
Posted by : Matt Algren | Sep 8 , 2009 11:34:42 AM
Matt : Yea , " Measure 10 " seems to be the audition script that all are using .
As for the out - of - state - iness :
It looks like they are still seeking real Mainers , but are planning to shoot in CA .
Which seems unbelievably absurd , considering ( a ) how gorgeous of a state it is , and ( b ) how proud locals are of it .
Posted by : G - A - Y | Sep 8 , 2009 11:39:25 AM
GAY wrote : " Like all illusionists , our " protect marriage " opposition requires smoke and mirrors to sell their false reality . "
Due to virtually all of our opposition being religion - based , they are experts in smoke and mirrors .
Since there is no credible evidence for the existence of any gods , smoke and mirrors are the tools used to create Magic Truth .
Posted by : Richard Rush | Sep 8 , 2009 2:56:36 PM
Economically , it does make some sense to shoot in California .
When you 're talking about shuttling around a couple of actors ( I presume that they are only going with a teacher and a waitress ) , compared with a couple of tons of equipment , makeup artists ( I 'm assuming they will need to pretty them up ) , wardrobe supervisors ( I 'm assuming they will need alterations , corsets , maybe some lipo ) , camera men , lighting directors , set designers / fabricators , writers , directors , acting coaches ... well , you get my drift ..
Posted by : Dick Mills | Sep 8 , 2009 4:02:08 PM
By the way , how 's No on 1 doing ?
Any news on what 's up their sleeve to counter that B.S. ?
Posted by : ---- | Sep 8 , 2009 4:58:09 PM
How ironic .
Here is how the folks at Coyote Films describe themselves on their Web site : " In this world , Coyote Films is a creative production company - the manifestation of muse in its many aspects :
We make television commercials and films that let the eyes and the ears celebrate the differences around us . "
Obviously , not all differences are celebrated .
Posted by : Irony much ?
| Sep 8 , 2009 6:52:07 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Most political town hall meetings are pretty dull affairs .
Not this one .
The YouTube clip of an irate woman waving her birth certificate in a plastic bag and telling Delaware congressman Mike Castle that Barack Obama was born in Kenya , not the United States , has become an online sensation .
Castle , a mild - mannered moderate , was booed when he insisted that our president is in fact a citizen .
It 's been on the Drudge Report , Rush Limbaugh and just about every political website out there .
The session was so embarrassing that a Castle staffer felt obliged to tell a local columnist that the hecklers were from out of state .
The birther controversy has a tight grip on rightwing opponents who argue that Obama is not the lawful president .
FactCheck.org took a thorough look at the issue – and the birth certificate itself – and concluded : " It meets all of the requirements from the state department for proving US citizenship . "
The website went further : " We suggest that those who choose to go down that path should first equip themselves with a high - quality tinfoil hat . "
But the birthers seem immune to the lack of evidence .
As Michael Tomasky points out : " He ca n't prove he 's not a space alien either . "
The nutty theories did n't end with the birth certificate .
Members of the crowd told Castle that global warming is a hoax and just a theory like evolution .
You can't tax carbon dioxide , he was told , because " trees need CO2 to make oxygen ! "
The session got even nuttier .
Castle listened as one audience member insisted that the swine flu virus was engineered in " a small bioweapons plant outside of Fort Dix " , and that a big vaccine company was " caught sending Aids - infected vaccines to Africa " .
This speaker continued : " You think I 'm going to trust you to put a needle full of dead baby juice and monkey kidneys ?
Cause that 's what this stuff is grown on , dead babies ! "
The episode neatly encapsulates the dilemma of the Republican party .
Castle could be the party 's best shot at taking a Senate seat next year – if he chooses to run .
But he has drawn the ire of the extreme rightwing for his vote for the Waxman - Markey cap - and - trade bill , derided by rightwingers as " cap and tax " or " cap and traitor " .
Castle exemplifies the kind of centrist who kept the Republican party relevant in this increasingly blue state .
He is the last living relic of Delaware 's heritage as a one - time swing state , having been elected governor twice and congressman eight times .
Simply by considering a run , he is giving attorney general Beau Biden , Joe Biden 's son , second thoughts about going for the Senate seat being warmed by Biden loyalist Ted Kaufman .
But Castle must be wondering whether it would be worth enduring this kind of nuttiness to crown his long career with a campaign for a Senate seat .
By Maggie Shiels
Technology reporter , BBC News , Silicon Valley
One of Google 's aims is to " bring the world 's lost literature back to life "
The battle over Google 's effort to digitise the world 's books and create a vast online library has intensified .
Authors have until Friday to opt out of the $ 125 m settlement the search giant made with authors and publishers .
The date for comments to the New York court overseeing the class action suit was extended from Friday to Tuesday , after the filing system went down .
As time ticks away , supporters and critics have been manning both sides of the debate to win the public case .
' Civil right '
The settlement reached last October stemmed from a 2005 legal suit that Google faced for scanning out - of - print works without explicit permission from rights holders .
If approved by a judge , Google would create a Book Rights Registry where authors and publishers could register works and be compensated .
The US Student Association says access is the key in this settlement Ahead of Friday 's opt - out for authors , Google lined up a number of professors , students and civil rights activists who support the deal .
" We see access to knowledge as a civil right , " Wade Henderson , president and chief executive of the Leadership Conference on Civil Rights , told reporters in a conference call .
" Information enables individuals to learn , to create and to pursue their dreams .
Access to knowledge defines the meaning of equal opportunity in a democratic society , " said Mr Henderson .
Have Your Say Nothing is free , and we have no way of knowing what the true cost will be .
P. H. L , San Francisco
Access was also the issue that led the United States Student Association to throw its weight behind the Google books programme .
" Today , millions of books are accessible only to the privileged few who are accepted to universities and can actually afford to attend , " said association president Gregory Cendana .
" With Google books , any student anywhere in the US will have the books in the greatest libraries of the world at their fingertips . "
' Unfair '
The most vocal critics of the deal have largely banded together to form the Open Book Alliance .
It was set up by the non-profit Internet Archive , which has its own book - scanning project and has to date digitised 500,000 books .
Amazon is one of the big names trying to kill the Google books deal " Just as Gutenberg 's invention of the printing press more than 700 years ago ushered in a new era of knowledge sharing , the mass digitisation of books promises to revolutionise how we read and discover books , " said Peter Brantley of the alliance .
" But a digital library controlled by a single company and small group of publishers would inevitably lead to higher prices and subpar services for consumers , libraries , scholars and students . "
Technology giants Yahoo , Microsoft and Amazon are part of the coalition along with a number of libraries and writers and journalists groups .
Amazon , which competes with Google by scanning books to sell through its electronic Kindle reader , filed its own statement against the deal this week .
" It is unfair to authors , publishers and others whose works would be the subject of a compulsory licence for the life of the copyright in favour of Google and the newly created Book Rights Registry , " it stated .
' Fact , not fiction '
The settlement is being examined by the Department of Justice which is also deciding whether to oppose the agreement .
Meanwhile the Federal Trades Commission has told Google to develop a privacy policy to limit use of users ' data .
Critics are concerned about everything from privacy to pricing Google has responded by drawing up a new privacy policy covering its digital library , which to date includes 10 million books .
" We 'll work to ensure that the privacy of online readers is fact , not fiction , " said FTC chairman Jon Leibowitz .
Many believe the issue of rights over out - of - print books would best be solved by legislation and not the courts .
" It is never a good thing for private parties to make deals for the public good , " said Martin Manley , the founder of Alibris.com , an online store which sells used , rare and out - of - print books .
" The public good is meant to be solved by regulators who are somewhat accountable and by legislators who are wholly accountable , " Mr Manley told BBC News .
A final court hearing on the settlement is planned for 7 October .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Edward M. " Ted " Kennedy lived his entire life in the public eye , the youngest son of a wealthy U.S. businessman and ambassador , and the younger brother of both a U.S. Senator and a President .
His personal and family life was riddled with difficulty and tragedy , some self - inflicted , some undeserved .
First elected in 1962 , he spent 47 years in the U.S. Congress , representing the state of Massachusetts , over time gaining power and respect from both sides of the aisle , earning the name " Lion of the Senate " .
Kennedy passed away on August 25th , 2009 , at the age of 77 .
He was remembered this weekend by family , friends , colleagues , presidents and thousands of citizens of Massachusetts and beyond .
( 41 photos total
Oh , how I wish I had n't switched my wireless service recently from T - Mobile , because I would dearly love to tell my former provider where to go over this one .
The gall , the unmitigated gall of charging customers $ 1.50 per month for the privilege of receiving a paper bill cannot be overstated .
( That 's on top of an existing $ 2 charge for detailed paper billing . )
I was receiving a paper bill until the bitter end ; I liked it that way .
( Update , Sept. 15 : T - Mobile caves , abandons added fee . )
And please do n't try to tell me that this action has anything to do with the environment .
It 's about the money .
It 's always about the money .
At least that 's my opinion .
However , a writer on this site -- TmoNews : The Unofficial T - Mobile Blog -- sees nothing be benevolent environmental consciousness in the decision of his favorite service provider .
" T - mobile is citing the obvious for the reasons for the charge , costs involved with printing the paper billing as well as the cost of mailing it out , " writes ' David . '
" There is an obvious hope to reduce environmental impact associated with paper bills and T - mobile hopes to encourage its customer base to go paperless .
Personally , I 'm paperless for almost everything and I love it , less clutter = a happy David . "
Happy David reminds me of Kevin Bacon 's character in " Animal House . "
Not quite so thankful for T - Mobile 's action will be those like my 84 - year - old father , who , despite endless cajoling from his children and pressure from society , refuses to own a computer .
Call him a Luddite , but do n't call him unreasonable for expecting a paper bill without having to pay extra .
The $ 1.50 fee kicks in Sept. 12 for those customers who do n't quit first .
Enlarge By Mohamed Nureldin Abdallah , Reuters Lubna Hussein , right , a former journalist and U.N. press officer , carries a placard that reads " Know your rights , " as she leaves the courtroom after her trial on Monday in Sudan .
FAITH & REASON FAITH & REASON Blog : Join the conversation on religion , spirituality and ethics | Forum : Debate fellow readers KHARTOUM , Sudan ( AP ) 
A woman journalist was convicted Monday of public indecency for wearing trousers , but was spared a sentence of flogging .
A defiant Lubna Hussein said she would not pay a $ 200 fine and would take a month in prison instead to protest Sudan 's draconian morality laws .
The 43 - year old journalist has set out to challenge the police and courts since her arrest in July by insisting the case go to trial , aiming to embarrass the Khartoum government with the publicity .
Her prosecution — and the prospect that she could get the full sentence of 40 lashes — drew an international outcry .
MUSLIM TRIAL : Model spared from caning , for now FAITH & REASON : Muslim charity , religious rules : Open to interpretation ?
The judge 's decision to impose a fine equivalent to $ 200 appeared to be an attempt to curb the criticism .
" I will not pay a penny , " Hussein , who during the court session wore the same trousers that sparked her arrest , told the Associated Press after the ruling .
During the session , police rounded up about 40 women protesting outside the courthouse in support of Hussein , some of them wearing trousers as well in a sign of solidarity .
Sudan 's government implements a conservative version of Islamic law in the north .
Under public indecency laws , anyone committing an act or wearing clothing deemed indecent can be punished with a flogging or a fine , but lawyers and human rights groups say the law is too vague and arbitrary .
In the capital the " public order " police enforce the laws , breaking up parties and scolding men and women who mingle in public .
In mostly Muslim northern Sudan , many women wear traditional flowing robes that also cover their hair , but it is also not uncommon for women to wear trousers , even though conservatives consider it immodest .
Public order police arrested Hussein along with around a dozen other women in a Khartoum public cafe .
Ten of the women received a quick , closed - door trial and were flogged soon afterward , avoiding the social stigma associated with a public trial on morality charges .
Hussein , however , insisted on a public court and even resigned from her job in the U.N. 's public information office because it gave her immunity .
After a three - hour session Monday , the judge ruled Hussein 's outfit indecent and imposed the fine .
He said her clothes violated traditions that a woman should only " adorn themselves " for their husbands and not in public , Hussein 's lawyer said .
Lawyers said Hussein would be taken to a jail in Omdurman , on the outskirts of Khartoum , after she refused the fine .
Galal al - Sayed , Hussein 's lawyer , called the ruling " incorrect " because the judge ignored his request to present defense witnesses and based his decision on contradictory statements from the prosecution witnesses .
Al - Sayed said he would appeal the conviction .
He said the judge had apparently opted for a fine , not flogging , to avoid international criticism .
" There is a general sentiment in the world that flogging is humiliating . "
Even before the ruling , Hussein said she would refuse any fine .
" I wo n't pay , as a matter of principle , " she said .
" I would spend a month in jail .
It is a chance to explore the conditions in jail . "
It is not the first time Sudanese courts have raised an outcry .
In 2007 , a British teacher was charged with insulting Islam after she allowed her students to name a teddy bear Muhammad in a class project , which some radical clerics called an insult to Islam 's prophet .
She was convicted and sentenced to 15 days in prison , though not the possible sentence of 40 lashes — again , an apparent move to avoid worsening international criticism .
She then received a presidential pardon and returned to Britain .
Hussein 's case has raised a string of condemnations by international human rights groups , and Hussein has sought to draw attention to Sudan 's morality laws .
Amnesty International called on the Sudanese government to withdraw the charges against Hussein and repeal the law which justifies such " abhorrent " penalties .
The London - based group said Friday that the law allowing flogging is state - sanctioned torture .
It pointed to an incident in 2003 when eight women were flogged in public with plastic and wire whips , reportedly leaving permanent scars on the women .
The women had been picnicking with male friends .
Human rights and political groups in Sudan say the law is in violation of the 2005 constitution drafted after a peace deal ended two decades of war between the predominantly Muslim north and the Christian and animist south Sudan .
In a column Friday in the British daily Guardian , Hussein said her case is not an isolated one but is emblematic of repressive laws in a country with a long history of civil conflicts .
" When I think of my trial , I pray that my daughters will never live in fear of these police , " she wrote .
Hussein said she would take the issue all the way to Sudan 's Constitutional Court necessary , but that if the court rules against her and orders the flogging , she 's ready " to receive ( even ) 40,000 lashes " if that what it takes to abolish the law .
" We will only be secure once the police protect us and these laws are repealed , " she wrote .
Government spokesman Rabie Abdel Attie said Monday that " this is not a way to change the law . "
" Changing the laws goes through officials , and it is a continuous matter looked into by the parliament , " he said .
Abdel Attie said many women in Sudan wear trousers in government offices and institutions .
He said there may be other issues surrounding Hussein 's case that led to her arrest , but he refused to elaborate on what they might be .
" These courts are not convened without a crime .
Lubna was convicted and she should respect the law , " he said .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A new cartoon featuring US President Barack Obama as a superhero has been played at the annual Radio and TV Correspondent 's Dinner .
SAN DIEGO -- San Diego Chargers star outside linebacker Shawne Merriman was arrested Sunday and accused of choking and restraining reality TV star Tila Tequila as she tried to leave his suburban home .
Tequila , 27 , signed a citizen 's arrest warrant , charging Merriman with battery and false imprisonment , San Diego County Sheriff 's Lt. Gary Steadman said .
Both are felonies .
Tequila was reported to be Merriman 's girlfriend , but Merriman told ESPN 's Colleen Dominguez in a text message that Tequila is only a female acquaintance .
Deputies responded about 3:45 a.m. local time to Merriman 's house in Poway , north of San Diego , after a woman called to say she was choked by the player and thrown to the ground when she tried to leave , Sheriff 's Department spokesman Jan Caldwell said at a news conference .
Merriman 's attorney , Todd Macaluso , disputed Tequila 's story and said he 's confident Merriman wo n't be charged by the District Attorney 's Office .
" There was absolutely no wrongdoing on the part of Mr. Merriman , " Macaluso told The Associated Press by phone .
" He essentially was doing what was appropriate under the circumstances in trying to protect the safety of Miss Tequila .
There were numerous eyewitnesses that will support his version of the events that transpired at his home . "
Merriman , 25 , was taken into custody and booked into the central jail at about 8:30 a.m .
He was released shortly after 11 a.m .
Tequila was taken to Pomerado Hospital and left at 7:36 a.m. Sunday , Dominguez reported .
She was observed and treated , but not admitted .
Her stay at the hospital was approximately two hours .
Merriman issued a statement late Sunday .
" The San Diego Sheriffs Department responded to a citizen 's complaint that was initiated by Tila Nguyen [ aka Tila Tequila ] .
I was taken into custody based upon that complaint .
At the time , I was concerned about her welfare given the intoxicated state she appeared to be in and I encouraged her to stay until safe transportation could be provided .
We would all do our best to help a friend if we considered their actions to be detrimental to their personal safety .
" I in no way caused any harm to Ms Nguyen , however , paramedics were called and she was examined but no injuries were reported .
She was released and has since returned to Los Angeles , California .
There have been no charges filed against me .
I want to thank the San Diego Sheriffs Department for their professionalism .
I will continue to cooperate fully with the Department and I look forward to clearing my name regarding these false allegations .
I want to put this behind me so I can continue to focus on a successful season for the San Diego Chargers . "
Caldwell said deputies determined Tequila had been drinking .
" She was able to talk , " Caldwell said .
" She was able to walk .
She was mobile .
She did not have any serious injuries that our deputies saw . "
Asked if Merriman was trying to keep Tequila from driving drunk , Macaluso said : " We do n't want to comment on her conduct .
The bottom line is , he did everything in his power to ensure her safety .
He hopes she comes forth and tells the truth . "
Caldwell said she was n't sure if Merriman had been drinking .
Macaluso said witnesses he spoke with said Merriman had ordered water three or four times when his group was at a downtown San Diego club before going to his house .
The attorney said none of Merriman 's teammates were at his house .
Tequila , whose real name is Tila Nguyen , is best known for " A Shot at Love with Tila Tequila , " which ran for two seasons on MTV .
The bisexual dating show featured men and women vying for Tequila 's affections .
She has also modeled for Playboy and other men's magazines .
Scott E. Leemon , an attorney for Tequila , said in a statement that neither she nor her representatives would comment publicly .
Merriman 's agent , Tom Condon , said he had n't heard about the arrest when contacted by The Associated Press .
There had been considerable Twitter chatter between Tequila and Merriman during the last two months .
She tweeted several times about going to the Chargers ' game Friday night and a party she held afterward at a downtown club , including " Im the Head Cheerleader Prom Queen and @shawnemerriman is the Prom King !
hahaha !
LETS GOOO !
LIGHTS OUT !
SAN DIEGO I WILL SEE U TOMORROW ! "
Merriman was the 12th overall pick out of Maryland in the 2005 draft , and had 39 ½ sacks in his first three seasons .
The three - time Pro Bowl selection has been getting back into shape after missing nearly all of last season following knee surgery .
The Chargers , picked by some as Super Bowl favorites , open the regular season a week from Monday night at Oakland .
Players had been off since after Friday night 's preseason finale against San Francisco .
They are due back at practice on Monday .
" It 's disappointing to hear about the issue involving Shawne Merriman , " Chargers general manager A.J. Smith said in statement .
" We 'll continue to monitor the situation and let the legal process run its course . "
Smith did n't return a call seeking further comment .
Smith often speaks of signing " character " players , yet the Chargers have had their share of embarrassing off - field problems in recent seasons .
In 2006 , there were seven run-ins with the law by San Diego players , including linebacker Steve Foley 's shooting by an off - duty police officer who suspected him of drunken driving .
Merriman was suspended four games for testing positive for steroids in 2006 , and linebacker Stephen Cooper was suspended by the NFL for the first four games of the 2008 season after testing positive for a banned stimulant .
Smith reportedly has been unhappy with Merriman 's extracurricular activities , and there 's been speculation the Chargers will let him leave when he 's eligible to become an unrestricted free agent .
Merriman has various business ventures and is enamored with the Los Angeles social scene .
While on injured reserve last year he flew back and forth to Los Angeles once a week to appear on a football preview show .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Tom DeLay , taking a break from shaking his booty .
Shaking his head with frustration , he added , " The Republican Party does n't have the organization or leadership to take advantage of this dire political situation that Obama is in now .
We have these grassroots sprouting up , but not the party organization to use them . "
" Republicans are leaderless , '' he went on , " so we 're just fighting each other instead of Obama 's radical policies .
There 's no political leader of the party taking control .
So , Republicans are just attacking each other for being too far right or too far left .
Even Rush and Hannity are doing it . "
So who does DeLay see as the GOP 's up - and - comers ?
" No one , " he replied in exasperation .
" It 's all the same old guys who were in leadership with me , and those old guys are n't the leaders the party needs . "
This chronology of 9/11 events , based on the 9/11 Commission Report .
CNN , Fox , Naudet and Booker Elementary footage play in a 4 - way split screen .
9/11 Commission Report findings ( and other pertinent news stories ) are displayed at their appropriate times .
Audio includes radio scan of firemen 's radio frequencies ....
From what I 've been reading about " fair use " , news stories are given greater leniency then fiction .
And my personal feeling is that I 've recontextualized the footage ....
I 'd like to place this in Public Domain , but of course all the source material is copyright .
People can do absolutely anything they want with the footage as far as I 'm concerned , but keep in mind my interpretation of the footage as " fair use " is just that ... my interpretation .
If you use it commercially , no telling what Fox will do ....
All but 1 file are the full 44 minute version .
The 1 smaller QuickTime is a 12 minute sampler which shows just the My - Pet - Goat timeline .... Note that I 'm no longer worried about distributing copies of the DVD ( as stated at the end of the video ) now that IA is hosting .
Downloading the MPEG - 2 from IA is just as good as the DVD itself .--- Update : Dedicated site created ...
911chronology.com , this 911 Chronology site was created so I could track traffic and offer links to purchase source material ( like Naudet doc ) .
--- Update : Uploaded source material .
I 've received numerous requests for the CNN and FOX live news coverage , so have re-digitized it and compressed it to MPEG - 2 .
While I can't completely isolate the news feeds ( as that would be 2 hours of copyrighted news footage ) , I 've simplified the split screen and increased the size so both FOX and CNN each have a dedicated audio channel , and 480x480 resolution .
Given the low quality ( EP VHS ) of the source material , there 's not much more to see then that .--- Update :
It has been pointed out that the first impact occurs at 08:46 not 08:44 ( as shown in my video ) .
This is my mistake .
If I were to consider redoing this video , does anyone have footage I 've overlooked which would be an improvement over my existing coverage ?--- Update [ 2006-02-11 ] : I 've seen a very interesting video called Loose Change 2nd Edition ( download here ) .
I can't vouch for its accuracy as it is defenitely NOT 100 % CORRECT , but it raises some interesting charges that were completely new to me when I saw it .
I 've created a conspiracy rebuttal video before , and generally do n't consider myself one to spread charges that have n't been proven true .
But on the other hand , the 9/11 Commission Reportflawed .
It may provide a distinct chronology of events , but I no longer consider it a 100 % accurate account .
By watching " Loose Change " then " Screw Loose Change " ( a detailed rebuttal ) one can most quickly get a handle on the conspiracy theories surrounding 9/11 .
Hopefully I 'm not spreading mis-information by promoting Loose Change , but I have concerns about propagating only 911CR .
I put a caveat on my video : I do n't claim to know its accurate , just that it accurately restates some of 911 CR 's findings .
As a high - ranking U.S. anti-drug official , Richard Padilla Cramer held front - line posts in the war on Mexico ’s murderous cartels .
He led an office of two dozen agents in Arizona and was the attache for Immigration and Customs Enforcement in Guadalajara .
While in Mexico , however , Cramer also served as a secret ally of drug lords , according to federal investigators .
Cramer allegedly advised traffickers on law enforcement tactics and pulled secret files to help them identify turncoats .
He charged $ 2,000 for a Drug Enforcement Administration document that was sent to a suspect in Miami by e-mail in August , authorities said .
“ Cramer was responsible for advising the [ drug traffickers ] how U.S. law enforcement works with warrants and record checks as well as how DEA conducts investigations to include ‘ flipping subjects , ’ ” or recruiting informants , a criminal complaint says .
Advertisement
DEA agents arrested him at his Arizona home Sept. 4 . A spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney in Miami said Wednesday that she could not comment but said that cases begun with complaints usually go before grand juries .
A decision on an indictment in Miami is expected soon , according to a federal official who requested anonymity because the investigation was ongoing .
Cramer ’s duties as the ICE attache in Guadalajara included serving as a liaison with Mexican police .
But the investigation revealed that he worked for “ a very high - level drug lord , ” the federal official said .
In a dark twist on the trend of former federal officials going into private consulting , the 26 - year government veteran became a full - time advisor to traffickers after retiring from ICE in January 2007 , the complaint says .
A trafficker “ convinced Cramer to retire . . . and begin working directly for [ him ] in drug trafficking and money laundering , ” the complaint said .
Cramer continued to sell secret documents that he obtained from active U.S. agents , an aspect of the case still under investigation , the official said .
The charges underscore the corruptive might of the cartels , which have bought off Mexican politicians , police chiefs and military commandos .
Drug lords have corrupted U.S. border inspectors and agents to help smuggle cocaine north .
In 2006 , the FBI chief in El Paso was convicted of charges related to concealing his friendship with an alleged kingpin .
Advertisement
Cramer , 56 , stands out because his rank and foreign post made his work especially sensitive , officials said .
Colleagues described him as a well - regarded investigator who spoke Spanish and operated skillfully in the array of U.S. and Mexican agencies at the border when he ran the ICE office in Nogales , Ariz . , his hometown .
“ It came as a complete shock , ” Santa Cruz County Sheriff Tony Estrada said in a telephone interview .
“ I have been in law enforcement at the border 42 years and I have seen some strange things , but I have never ceased to be surprised . ”
Estrada worked with Cramer at the Nogales police in 1979 , and encountered him periodically as Cramer rose through the federal ranks .
About five months ago , Cramer showed up at the sheriff ’s office , Estrada said .
The retired agent had returned from Mexico to his house in Sahuarita , about 15 miles south of Tucson .
He applied for a job as a county detention officer , which pays about $ 30,000 a year , Estrada said .
In contrast , Cramer ’s federal rank probably commanded a salary of between $ 130,000 and $ 150,000 , plus benefits , officials say .
Advertisement
Estrada told him that working as a guard would be “ quite a drop , ” the sheriff recalled .
“ He said he wanted to keep being active , go back to his roots , keep busy , ” Estrada said .
“ So we put him through all the ropes : polygraph , background checks .
We did n’t find anything suspicious . ”
While Cramer trained at a state law enforcement academy , a two - year DEA investigation of a Mexican drug ring active in Miami accelerated .
Working with four informants , agents had run across evidence implicating Cramer in corruption , the complaint said .
In 2007 , an informant revealed documents -- four from the DEA database , one from ICE , two from the state of California -- supplied by an American in Mexico named “ Richard , ” according to the complaint .
Advertisement
Agents identified the American as Cramer and learned that he was known to request database checks from DEA agents in Guadalajara , the complaint said .
Such requests often are granted as a courtesy among agencies , officials said .
ICE had six offices in Mexico at the time ; the Guadalajara outpost has closed .
Agents learned that Cramer allegedly invested $ 40,000 in a scheme by Mexican traffickers to smuggle 660 pounds of cocaine by sea from Panama via U.S. ports to Spain .
Agents tracked the shipment and Spanish police seized it in the city of Vigo in June 2007 , setting off a dispute among the traffickers over who was to blame .
Cramer allegedly helped the Mexican drug lord conduct an internal hunt for henchmen responsible for the bust .
Suspects under surveillance in Miami declared that Cramer would check databases to help unmask informants , whose families would be kidnapped in retaliation , the complaint said .
A suspect told agents Cramer had quarreled with the drug lord over the $ 40,000 debt , the complaint said .
Early this month , DEA agents traveled to Arizona and told Estrada that they planned to arrest his new jail guard .
“ It was the last person I would have imagined , ” he said .
Advertisement
Authorities have not revealed many details .
“ I think something went terribly wrong in Mexico , ” Estrada said .
“ I ’m curious to know what flipped him to the other side . ”
--
sebastian.rotella@latimes.com
Hands off Innse !
Italy
Occupied Lambretta factory invaded by police
International solidarity needed for Milan workers
On Sunday 2 August , just as the country ’s Summer holiday break began , a massive mobilisation of police units was organised to move into the Innse factory – historic home of the famous Lambretta scooter , now run-down to near extinction .
Workers had been occupying the plant for about a year , looking at alternative ways of using their time and the machinery in the factory .
A speculator has now bought the premises and the equipment for the knockdown price of a medium - sized family apartment .
The new owner has declared all the workers redundant and wants to sell off everything on the site to line his own pockets .
The workers were told that nothing would happen over the holiday period .
Then came this invasion of a vast army of heavily equipped police – carabinieri , finance police and ordinary police !
Just 50 workers had been holding out , searching for a way to maintain their livelihoods .
In Italy , there is no real unemployment benefit system .
Closures and redundancies in today ’s climate , with little prospect of alternative employment , are almost a death sentence .
The workers ’ union – the metal - mechanics ’ section of the Cgil trade union federation , and the Cgil itself – have organised demonstrations in the city and pickets at the factory in support of the workers .
They are asking for maximum support in terms of solidarity messages .
Fiom ’s statement says , “ Nothing must remain untried , notwithstanding the holiday period , to let the Insee workers feel the support and solidarity of all engineering workers .
It is of the gravest concern if this intervention by the police forces is a sign of how the ruling authorities are preparing to deal with the serious social tensions which the crisis will produce when work is resumed in the Autumn . ”
Four workers and a union official got into the factory on Tuesday ( 4 August ) and climbed onto a crane that had been brought in to begin dismantling machinery .
They have every intention of occupying it until assurances are given that nothing will be removed .
As in similar situations elsewhere – Visteon , Vestas , Thomas Cook , Goodyear , Ssangyong – the questions are posed of nationalisation , public ownership under workers ’ control and plans for alternative work .
We are appealing , especially to groups of workers involved in recent or current struggles , for messages of solidarity to be sent to the Innse workers through Milan office of FIOM ( Federazione Impiegati Operai Metallurgici ) fiom.mi@cgil.lombardia.it
Copies to : FIOM Secretary , Gianni Rinaldini , at : organizzazione@fiom.cgil.it
It was a moment that promised to define a new era in U.S. - Latin American relations : Obama greeted Hugo Chávez at the Summit of the Americas with a smile and a handshake , and Chávez responded with a gift and a heavily accented “ I wanna be your friend . ”
The Cold War - style chasm between Washington and the leftist leaders of the Andes that had widened during the Bush administration finally seemed to be narrowing a bit .
But a nearly completed agreement between Colombian President Alvaro Uribe and the Obama administration to grant the U.S. military access to Colombian bases is rapidly undermining whatever diplomatic progress was made in that fleeting moment .
The Uribe administration announced on July 12 that it had nearly reached an agreement on the terms of a decade - long lease to allow U.S. military personnel to use Colombian military bases to conduct anti-drug trafficking and anti-terrorism operations .
No draft of the agreement has yet been made public .
The increased access would serve to replace the U.S. lease at Manta , Ecuador , the only U.S. base of operations in South America until the lease was allowed by the Correa administration to expire this month .
President Uribe defended the agreement as a necessary step in his administration ’s fight against drug traffickers and Marxist guerrillas at a public event in Santa Marta last week .
“ This agreement guarantees continuity in the era of an improved Plan Colombia , ” he said , referring to the pact that has funneled $ 6 billion in U.S. aid to the Colombian government and military .
The lease agreement has drawn criticism from Colombian congressmen across the political spectrum , who argue that the executive does not have the authority to allow foreign troops into the country .
Liberal Senator Juan Manuel Galán claimed that the Uribe administration “ bypassed the Senate . ” Senator Jairo Clopatofsky , an uribista of the right - wing Partido de la U , echoed Galán ’s criticisms .
Senator Jorge Robledo of the left - wing Polo Democrático Alternativo Article 173 which states that the decision to “ Permit the transit of foreign troops through the territory of the Republic ” falls to the Senate .
Colombian and U.S. authorities have sought to calm critics by reassuring them that the agreement will not constitute the creation of an autonomous zone of U.S. military operation .
“ Any activity performed within the framework of the agreement has to be coordinated and authorized by the Colombian authorities , ” said Minister of Defense General Freddy Padilla de León .
U.S. Ambassador to Colombia William Brownfield has reiterated the same point and has emphasized that the increased U.S. presence should not be misconstrued as a foreign military base .
“ They have their bases .
This is a question of access , ” he said .
The national controversy provoked by the possibility of an increased U.S. military presence in Colombia pales in comparison to the international dispute it has caused .
As a neoliberal island in a Bolivarian sea , Colombia ’s decision to host more U.S. military personnel has been interpreted by neighboring Ecuador and Venezuela as a security threat .
Consequently , Colombia ’s diplomatic and commercial relations with its neighbors are crumbling faster than a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Colombia ’s relations with Ecuador have remained tense since March 2008 , when the Colombian military attacked an encampment of the Fuerzas Armadas Revolucionarias de Colombia ( FARC ) located along the border , killing rebel leader Raúl Reyes and 16 other guerrillas .
The Correa administration recalled its ambassador to Colombia in protest against the violation of Ecuador ’s sovereignty .
The latent conflict erupted once more in June , when Ecuador filed an arrest warrant with Interpol against former Defense Minister Juan Manuel Santos for the murder of an Ecuadoran citizen killed during the March 2008 offensive .
Santos is a close ally of president Uribe and rumored to be a presidential contender in 2010 if Uribe does not seek re-election .
The Uribe administration responded by releasing a video of FARC commander Jorge Briceño claiming that the FARC contributed $ 100,000 to Corrrea ’s presidential campaign .
The video , which the Colombian government says was recovered from the computer of alleged FARC member Adela Pérez last May , was submitted to Interpol and leaked to the media .
Correa denies any support of illegal armed groups in Colombia and has demanded that the FARC “ say if they have donated money and to whom . ”
The Economist reports that Ecuador ’s electoral commission has certified his campaign contributions .
Colombia ’s relations with Ecuador were further soured by Uribe ’s invitation of more U.S. troops , since Correa had only recently expelled U.S. military personnel from the Ecuadoran base at Manta .
Correa promised in his presidential campaign to shut down the only U.S. military base in South America , although he later offered to renew it if the U.S. agreed to let Ecuador establish a military base in Miami .
“ If there 's no problem having foreign soldiers on a country 's soil , surely they 'll let us have an Ecuadoran base in the United States , ” he said .
Correa has announced that any further aggressions from Colombia will invite a military response .
An increased U.S. military presence in Colombia promises to ratchet up tensions with Ecuador .
The U.S. president , in his first major statement on Latin America policy , said that “ In an Obama administration , we will support Colombia ’s right to strike terrorists who seek safe - haven across its borders … ”
Venezuela ’s Chávez has also characterized the increased U.S. military presence as a threat to his country ’s national security .
Chávez maintains that the United States supported an abortive coup in Venezuela in April of 2002 — a charge that U.S. officials deny , though the Bush administration did not join the 19 Latin American countries who condemned the illegal seizure of power .
Largely in response to the Colombian government ’s decision to increase the U.S. military presence there , an indignant Chávez ordered the withdrawal of the Venezuelan ambassador to Colombia on July 27 and has threatened to freeze imports from Colombia and nationalize Colombian companies if he perceives “ one more act of aggression . ”
Venezuela is Colombia ’s second largest trading partner , followed by the United States .
The crisis in Colombia - Venezuela relations was stoked by allegations from the Uribe administration that the Venezuelan government supplied Swedish anti-aircraft rocket launchers to the FARC .
The Colombian military seized the weapons in question at La Macarena in October of 2008 , but did not notify the Venezuelan government until early this month , according to a press release .
The Swedish government has requested an explanation from the Chávez government .
Chávez denied the allegations , saying “ Anyone can take a rifle [ sic ] and put a Venezuelan seal and a serial number on it . ”
Colombia ’s more distant neighbors have also taken a keen interest in the military agreement .
Brazilian President Lula da Silva commented that “ An American base in Colombia does n’t please me . ” Chilean President Michelle Bachelet , who was tortured along with her father by the Pinochet government following a military coup supported clandestinely by Washington , has called a meeting of the Union of South American Nations on August 10 in Quito , Ecuador , to discuss the issue .
President Uribe is not expected to attend .
Far from the smiles and handshakes of April , the Obama administration now finds itself at the center of Latin America ’s most explosive inter-state crisis .
The “ New Partnership in the Americas ” promised by Obama on the campaign trail and at the Summit of the Americas looks increasingly elusive .
But not his last .
The look on his face is priceless but he 's gonna do it at least one more time .
A Novel Idea
I am told that a 98 - year - old woman wrote this to her bank , and the bank manager thought it amusing enough to have it published in the New York Times .
Dear Sir :
I am writing to thank you for bouncing my check with which I endeavored to pay my plumber last month .
By my calculations , three " nanoseconds " must have elapsed between his presenting the check and the arrival in my account of the funds needed to honor it .
I refer , of course , to the automatic monthly deposit of my entire salary , an arrangement which , I admit , has been in place for only eight years .
You are to be commended for seizing that brief window of opportunity , and also for debiting my account $ 30 by way of penalty for the inconvenience caused to your bank .
My thankfulness springs from the manner in which this incident has caused me to rethink my errant financial ways .
I noticed that whereas I personally attend to your telephone calls and letters , when I try to contact you , I am confronted by the impersonal , overcharging , pre-recorded , faceless entity which your bank has become .
From now on , I , like you , choose only to deal with a flesh - and - blood person .
My mortgage and loan payments will therefore and hereafter no longer be automatic , but will arrive at your bank by check , addressed personally and confidentially to an employee at your bank whom you must nominate .
Be aware that it is an offense under the Postal Act for any other person to open such an envelope .
Please find attached an Application Contact Status which I require your chosen employee to complete .
I am sorry it runs to eight pages , but in order that I know as much about him or her as your bank knows about me , there is no alternative .
Please note that all copies of his or her medical history must be countersigned by a Notary Public , and the mandatory details of his / her financial situation ( income , debts , assets , and liabilities ) must be accompanied by documented proof .
In due course , I will issue your employee with a PIN number which he / she must quote in dealings with me .
I regret that it cannot be shorter than 28 digits but , again , I have modeled it on the number of button presses required of me to access my account balance on your phone bank service .
As they say , imitation is the sincerest form of flattery .
Let me level the playing field even further .
When you call me , press buttons as follows :
1-- To make an appointment to see me .
2-- To query a missing payment .
3-- To transfer the call to my living room in case I am there .
4-- To transfer the call to my bedroom in case I am sleeping .
5-- To transfer the call to my toilet in case I am attending to nature .
6-- To transfer the call to my mobile phone if I am not at home .
7-- To leave a message on my computer .
( A password to access my computer is required .
A password will be communicated to you at a later date to the Authorized Contact . )
8-- To return to the main menu and to listen to options 1 through 7 .
9--
To make a general complaint or inquiry , the contact will then be put on hold , pending the attention of my automated answering service .
While this may , on occasion , involve a lengthy wait , uplifting music will play for the duration of the call .
Regrettably , but again following your example , I must also levy an establishment fee to cover the setting up of this new arrangement .
May I wish you a happy , if ever so slightly less prosperous , New Year .
Your Humble Client
( Remember :
This was written by a 98 - year - old woman . )
Related Articles
Editor 's Picks Articles
Top Ten Articles
Previous Features
Site Map
Content copyright © 2019 by Victoria Abreo .
All rights reserved .
This content was written by Victoria Abreo .
If you wish to use this content in any manner , you need written permission .
Contact BellaOnline Administration for details .
My desk , like the desk of most research scientists , sees an overwhelming traffic of scholarly journals and articles — reams of pages of the latest cutting - edge discoveries , destined to be outdated before next week .
But one study , A Cross - Cultural Summary , written in 1967 by the Stanford anthropologist Robert Textor , has remained firmly planted there for some time now — and not only because , at 3,000 pages long , it ’s rather hard to pick up and move .
Textor ’s massive tome contains a cultural correlation that bears disquietingly on the type of planet we humans have produced for ourselves today , and my mind turns to it more and more of late .
Eleven thousand years ago Clovis nomads may have dwelled in the Great Sand Dunes of Mosca , Colorado , where the desert abruptly ends at an alpine forest .
Their culture still rings true in our daily lives as the successful societies on Earth continue to adopt the ways of desert dwellers .
Vicky Sambunaris
All across the world , the sort of culture you live in has something to do with the ecosystem around it .
Traditional tundra societies are more likely to share cultural patterns with each other than with tropical rain forest societies , regardless of whether some descended from a common ancestral culture .
High - altitude plateau cultures differ in systematic ways from fishing cultures in island archipelagoes .
Some of these correlations are fairly predictable : Tuareg desert nomads are not likely to have 27 different words for types of snow or fishhooks .
But as Textor found , some of the correlations are far from predictable and have helped contribute to the sociopolitical mess we now inhabit .
Attempts to link culture with climate and ecology have an old history ( Herodotus did it long before Montesquieu ) , but with the rise of anthropology as a discipline , the effort became scientific .
Early efforts were often howlers of dead - white - male racism ; every study seemed to generate irrefutable scientific proof that northern European ecosystems produced superior cultures , more advanced morals , technologies , and intellects , and better schnitzel .
Much of contemporary social anthropology represents a traumatized retreat from the sins of those intellectual fathers .
One solution was to resolutely avoid cultural comparisons , thereby ushering in an era wherein an anthropologist could spend an entire career documenting the puberty rite of one clan of farmers in northeastern Cameroon .
But some anthropologists remained generalists , studying cross-cultural patterns while cautiously treading around ideological bias , and many continued to explore how ecology affects culture .
One such pioneer was John Whiting of Harvard , who in 1964 produced a paper entitled “ Effects of Climate on Certain Cultural Practices . ”
Comparing data from non-Westernized societies from around the planet , he noted that husbands and wives from cultures in the colder parts of this planet are more likely to sleep together at night than are spouses in the tropics .
He also found that cultures in habitats that produce protein - poor diets have the longest restrictions on postpartum sex .
Whiting hypothesized that to counterbalance the lack of protein , infants required a longer period of nursing , which placed a premium on well - spaced births .
Other anthropologists explored the ecological roots of violence .
In 1982 Melvin Ember of Yale found that certain ecosystems are so stable and benign that families remain intact throughout the year , farming their plot of land or hunting and gathering in the surrounding rich forest .
In less forgiving settings , family units often split up for long periods , dividing their herds into smaller groups during dry seasons , for instance , with family members scattered with subflocks on distant pockets of grazing land .
In such situations , warrior classes — as one sees among the pastoralist cowherding Masai of East Africa — are more common .
There are advantages to having a communal standing army in case enemies appear when many of the men are away finding grass for the cattle .
In the 1960s , Textor pursued a radically different approach to cross-cultural research .
He collated information on some 400 different cultures from around the world and classified them according to nearly 500 traits .
What sort of legal system did each culture have ?
How did its people make a living ?
Did they believe in an afterlife ?
Did they weave or know about metallurgy ?
When at play , did they prefer games of chance or of strategy ?
Then he fed all these variables about all these cultures into some gigantic paleo - computer , cross - correlated everything , and laid out the significant findings .
The result , his monumental A Cross - Cultural Summary , offers table after table indicating , among other things , which cultural differences are statistically likely to be linked to ecological differences .
While not the sort of book you toss in your knapsack for beach reading , there is something irresistible about thousands of pages of correlations .
Where else could you discover that societies that do n’t work with leather very well are disproportionately likely to have games of skill ?
How do you explain that one ?
From these various anthropological approaches , a basic dichotomy has emerged between two types of societies from very different ecosystems : societies born in rain forests and those that thrive in deserts .
Think of Mbuti pygmies versus Middle Eastern bedouin , or Amazonian Indians versus nomads of the Gobi .
There turn out to be consistent and permeating differences between the two .
Obvious exceptions exist , some quite dramatic .
Nonetheless , the correlates are unnerving .
Begin with religious beliefs .
A striking proportion of rain forest dwellers are polytheistic , worshipping an array of spirits and gods .
Polytheism is prevalent among tribes in the Amazon basin ( the Sherenti , Mundurucu , and Tapirape ) and in the rain forests of Africa ( the Ndorobo ) , New Guinea ( the Keraki and Ulawans ) , and Southeast Asia ( the Iban of Borneo and the Mnong Gar and Lolo of Vietnam ) .
But desert dwellers — the bedouin of Arabia , the Berbers of the western Sahara , the ! Kung of the Kalahari Desert , the Nuer and Turkana of the Kenyan / Sudanese desert — are usually monotheistic .
Of course , despite allegiances to a single deity , other supernatural beings may be involved , like angels and djinns and Satan .
But the hierarchy is notable , with minor deities subservient to the Omnipotent One .
This division makes ecological sense .
Deserts teach large , singular lessons , like how tough , spare , and withholding the environment is ; the world is reduced to simple , desiccated , furnace - blasted basics .
Then picture rain forest people amid an abundance of edible plants and medicinal herbs , able to identify more species of ants on a single tree than one would find in all the British Isles .
Letting a thousand deities bloom in this sort of setting must seem natural .
Moreover , those rain forest dwellers that are monotheistic are much less likely to believe that their god sticks his or her nose into other people ’s business by controlling the weather , prompting illness , or the like .
In contrast , the desert seems to breed fatalism , a belief in an interventionist god with its own capricious plans .
Another major difference was brought to light by Melvin Ember .
Desert societies , with their far - flung members tending goats and camels , are classic spawning grounds for warrior classes and the accessories of militarism : military trophies as stepping stones to societal status , death in battle as a guarantee of a glorious afterlife , slavery .
And these cultures are more likely to be stratified , with centralized authority .
A cosmology in which an omnipotent god dominates a host of minor deities finds a natural parallel in a rigid earthly hierarchy .
Textor ’s work highlights other differences between desert and rain forest societies .
Purchasing or indenturing wives is far less prevalent among rain forest peoples .
And in rain forest cultures , related women tend to form the core of a community for a lifetime , rather than being shipped off to serve the expediency of marriage making .
In desert cultures , women typically have the difficult tasks of building shelters and wandering in search of water and firewood , while the men contemplate the majesty of their herds and envision their next raid .
Among rain forest cultures , it ’s the men who are more likely to do the heavy lifting .
Rain forest cultures also are less likely to harbor beliefs about the inferiority of women ; you wo n’t be likely to find rain forest men giving thanks in prayer that they were not created female , as is the case in at least one notable desert - derived religion .
Finally , desert cultures tend to teach their children to be modest about nudity at an earlier age than in rain forest cultures and have more severe strictures against premarital sex .
Dinesh D'Souza is skeptical of skepticism and enthusiastic about the faith .
by Tony Snow »
There are two types of Christian apologetics .
One makes the positive case for faith ; the other responds to critics .
Dinesh D'Souza 's delightful book , What 's So Great About Christianity , falls into the second category .
It sets out to rebut recent exuberant atheist tracts , such as Christopher Hitchens 's God Is Not Great and Richard Dawkins 's The God Delusion .
This is a more difficult task than one might expect :
Atheist works tend to combine argument with large doses of bitter biography .
Every chapter of Dawkins 's book , for instance , describes unpleasant encounters with believing dolts hate - mail writers , Jehovah 's Witnesses , and the like .
Hitchens recalls murderous fanatics in Bosnia , Afghanistan , and the Levant , and his blood - chilling encounters with a childhood schoolmarm .
While the chief atheists write beautifully , their works share a telling defect .
They seethe with disapproval of God.
Dawkins captures this trend in describing the YHWH of the Old Testament as " arguably the most unpleasant character in all fiction : jealous and proud of it ; a petty , unjust , unforgiving control - freak ; a vindictive , bloodthirsty ethnic cleanser ; a misogynistic , homophobic , racist , infanticidal , genocidal , filicidal , pestilential , megalomaniacal , sadomasochistic , capriciously malevolent bully . "
Such invective clings like chewing gum to atheist polemics and raises the question of why these people are so worked up about a creator they do n't believe exists .
In any event , D'Souza admirably separates the stickum from the arguments .
Consider Hitchens 's complaint that " religion poisons everything . "
This wild swing places bin Laden , the pope , and Martin ...
1
Perez Hilton Tallulah PHOTO Sparks Demi Moore Feud
created a firestorm when he made disparaging remarks on his website about some linked photos of , the 15 - year - old daughter ofand .
Moore took to her Twitter page to wage a war of words against the gossip website .
Things have turned so ugly that the actress is threatening to sue .
One of Demi's ' tweets ' said , " Let me ask all of you , what is it called when someone is telling people to look and focus on a child 's ' boobs & ass ' while providing photos ? "
In an earlier entry she said , " Clearly Perez Hilton is n't taking violating child pornography laws very seriously .
He might not but there are alot of people who do ! "
Hilton responded , " Look at her Tweets .
SHE is the one breaking the law with her libelous , defamatory , inaccurate and stupid allegations . "
Demi's rep said , " Demi feels that she , Ashton , Bruce and now Rumer are fair game for him to pick on but her 15 year old daughter is off limits legally as a minor . "
He went on to say that his client is tired of Perez " being super mean to her kids and she draws the line with him promoting people to look at photos where her minor daughter is sexualized . "
Sounds like Moore has taken a page out of the Sarah Palin playbook .
The former governor of Alaska recently railed against David Letterman for comments he made about her underage daughter , just days before announcing her resignation .
Letterman was quick to make a public apology to Palin and her family .
Tallulah 's mother has not gotten the last word just yet .
Perez has countered with , " Thanks for drawing MORE attention to your daughter 's behavior and your parenting skills ( or lack thereof ) .
U r real smart !
This is CLEARLY not child porn .
And I did n't post those on my site !
I would not let my 15 - year - old daughter dress like that under ANY context .
You are delusional and slightly senile ! "
View Demi Moore family photos below .
Included in the group shot taken last year are Ashton Kutcher , Moore , Rumer Willis , Emma Heming , Bruce Willis , Tallulah and Scout Willis .
Photos : WENN
SAN FRANCISCO ( MarketWatch ) -- Nasdaq OMX Group Inc. NDAQ , +0.25 % said Thursday it will stop offering " flash order types " beginnning Sept.
1 . On Wednesday , Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Mary Schapiro said the agency is moving in the direction to ban so - called flash trading , where high - frequency traders can get information just before it becomes public .
" We recognize the SEC 's rulemaking process will take time , yet as an exchange we have the ability to move on our own , " Nasdaq said in a statement .
" We respectfully call on other markets offering similar functionality to make the same decision . "
In a broad interpretation of a law requiring criminals to make restitution to their victims , a state appeals court has ordered a Northern California burglar to repay a homeowner for the wages he gave up by attending every court hearing in the case .
The court , observing that burglary can make people feel they are unsafe in their own homes , said Jason Lee Moore owes something to the victim who attempted to heal his psyche by attending all 50 hours of court proceedings .
To be exact , Moore owes the man $ 6,250 .
Moore was sentenced to 10 years , eight months in prison for breaking into a doctor 's home in Redding and stealing items in February 2008 .
The doctor was n't a witness to the burglary and attended Moore 's pretrial hearings and two - day trial on his own .
The Third District Court of Appeal in Sacramento said the doctor 's lost pay , calculated at $ 125 an hour , was covered by a state law that requires criminals to compensate their victims for all economic losses caused by the crime .
" A victim 's attendance at trial cannot be characterized as a paid vacation , " Presiding Justice Arthur Scotland said in the 3 - 0 ruling , issued Wednesday .
In this case , he said , " the victim felt that his children 's sense of sanctuary and safety were stolen " and that going to court would help him heal .
Scotland noted a ruling last year that upheld restitution to a murder victim 's parents for the time they lost at work while attending the trial of their son 's killer .
That principle is n't limited to murder cases , he said , but applies to crimes in which the victims are psychologically harmed .
Moore 's lawyer , Richard Fitzer , said Monday that he would appeal .
It 's reasonable to order compensation to crime victims for the cost of attending a trial , Fitzer said , but the court should exclude the cost of attending routine hearings .
" I can see why a victim of a burglary would want to come to the actual trial and sentencing , but why would you want to come to pretrial motions ? "
Fitzer said .
" There 's nothing to limit the amount of money they seek to get . "
Moore is broke , he said , and will have a hard time paying restitution after his release .
The state has a compensation fund , supported by criminals ' fines , that partially reimburses victims of violent crimes for their financial losses .
Deputy Attorney General Paul O'Connor said the ruling was a helpful precedent .
Even though no one was physically injured in the burglary , he said , " it shows there were victims . "
The ruling can be read at links.sfgate.com /ZIFZ .
1. President Obama was born in Kenya and his birth certificate is a forgery .
FALSE .
Barack Obama was born in Honolulu , Hawaii .
A scanned copy of his Certification of Live Birth ( COLB ) is posted here and digital photographs of the document are here .
Some alternate resolutions that more clearly show the raised seal and document border are posted here .
A picture of the signature stamp on the certificate is here and the raised seal on the certificate can be seen here .
The birthers , of course , questioned the authenticity of President Obama 's birth certificate .
So the Director of Health for the State of Hawaii , released a statement verifying that they had President Obama 's birth certificate on file .
" Therefore , I as Director of Health for the State of Hawai‘i , along with the Registrar of Vital Statistics who has statutory authority to oversee and maintain these type of vital records , have personally seen and verified that the Hawai‘i State Department of Health has Sen .
Obama ’s original birth certificate on record in accordance with state policies and procedures , " Fukino said .
An official from FactCheck.org went to the then - Obama headquarters in Chicago and had the chance to touch and hold President Obama 's birth certificate .
Recently FactCheck representatives got a chance to spend some time with the birth certificate , and we can attest to the fact that it is real and three - dimensional and resides at the Obama headquarters in Chicago .
We can assure readers that the certificate does bear a raised seal , and that it 's stamped on the back by Hawaii state registrar Alvin T. Onaka ( who uses a signature stamp rather than signing individual birth certificates ) .
Even Bill O'Reilly says that Barack Obama 's birth certificate is legit .
Most birthers are not satisfied with the COLB and instead demand that President Obama release his long - form birth certificate .
Problem with that is that the State of Hawaii no longer issues long - form birth certificates .
No , you ca n’t obtain a " certificate of live birth " anymore .
The state Department of Health no longer issues copies of paper birth certificates as was done in the past , said spokeswoman Janice Okubo .
The department only issues " certifications " of live births , and that is the " official birth certificate " issued by the state of Hawaii , she said .
Two Hawaiian newspapers , the Honolulu Advertiser and the Star Bulletin printed his birth announcements and both reported that he was born on August 4 , 1961 as indicated on his birth certificate .
As for claims that the newspaper announcements could have been faked ,
The exact same notice appeared the following day in the Honolulu Star - Bulletin .
The numerous birth announcements above and below the Obama listing also were identical in both papers , which were unaffiliated , competing publications .
Advertiser columnist and former Star - Bulletin managing editor Dave Shapiro was not at either paper in 1961 , but he remembers how the birth notices process worked years later when both papers were jointly operated by the Hawaii Newspaper Agency — which no longer exists .
" Those were listings that came over from the state Department of Health , " he said .
" They would send the same thing to both papers . "
Another theory floating around is that the state of Hawaii allows parents to register their foreign - born children as being born in Hawaii .
Not so , according to Janice Okubo , spokeswoman for the Hawaiian Department of Health .
As for the theory that Obama 's original birth certificate might show he was foreign born , Okubo said the " Certification of Live Birth " would say so .
Obama 's does not .
Again , it says he was born in Honolulu .
Birthers also like to use an interview with President Obama 's step - grandmother Sarah Obama , as evidence that he was born in Kenya .
The interview was conducted by American anti-abortion activist and street preacher Ron McRae ( WARNING link to Free Republic ) and the birthers use a heavily edited version of the interview as their evidence .
But by using a full transcript , it is much clearer exactly what Sarah Obama says .
Full audio is available here .
MCRAE : OK I ’m sorry .
I , I thought she said she was present when he was born .
I was — TRANSLATOR OGOMBE ( sounding exasperated ) : No , no !
The , the woman was not present .
She was uh not , a what –you see , she was here in Kenya , and Obama was born in America .
That is , that ’s obvious .
There are some birthers who believe that President Obama was born in Kenya and his posted birth certificate is forged because the race listed on the certificate for his father is " African " .
Per the instructions for filling out a birth certificate , race of a parent is determined by what the parent believes their race to be .
Barack Obama Sr. would most likely not consider himself an African American because he was not an American citizen , so he likely checked the box for other and wrote in " African " .
2. Barack Obama lost his citizenship when he and his mother moved to Indonesia .
FALSE .
President Obama and his mother moved to Indonesia when he was six years old after his mother married Lolo Soetero .
Obama 's mother remarried a man from Indonesia who worked in the oil industry , and when Obama was six they moved there .
The family lived near the capital of Jakarta , where his half - sister Maya was born .
At the age of ten , Obama returned to Hawaii and lived with his maternal grandparents ; later his mother and sister returned as well .
The birther tall tale is that President Obama lost his US citizenship when he was adopted by his step - father in Indonesia .
There is no credible evidence that Obama was formally adopted by his step - father ; as no adoption records exist .
Birthers also rely on a school registration form filled out by Barack Obama 's step father , Lolo Soetero , as proof that President Obama was once an Indonesian citizen .
On line three , Lolo stated that Barack Obama was an Indonesian citizen .
However , the document also states on line two that President Obama was born in Honolulu , Hawaii .
In addition , the school document would be deemed hearsay and could not be used as evidence in a court of law , per the Federal Rules of Evidence , Rule 902 .
Indonesian law does not permit children to become citizens if they would , at the time , have dual citizenship .
( 1) A child outside a marriage of a mother who is a citizen of the Republic of Indonesia or a child out of a legal marriage , but who has in a case of divorce been assigned to the care of its mother , a citizen of the Republic of Indonesia , who follows the nationality of the father , a foreigner , may present a petition to the Minister of Justice in order to acquire the citizenship of the Republic of Indonesia , if , after , having acquired the citizenship of the Republic of Indonesia , it possesses no other nationality or states at the same time to have released another nationality according to the procedure stipulated by the legal provisions of the country of origin and / or according to the procedure stipulated by the agreement on the settlement of the bi-nationality between the Republic of Indonesia and the country in question .
The country in question here would be the United States of America .
According to The Immigration and Nationality Act , minor children may not have their US citizenship renounced .
So , President Obama never lost his US citizenship during his time in Indonesia .
Parents cannot renounce U.S. citizenship on behalf of their minor children .
Before an oath of renunciation will be administered under Section 349 ( a ) ( 5 ) of the INA , a person under the age of eighteen must convince a U.S. diplomatic or consular officer that he / she fully understands the nature and consequences of the oath of renunciation , is not subject to duress or undue influence , and is voluntarily seeking to renounce his / her U.S. citizenship .
3. Barack Obama is not eligible to be President of the United States because he is a British / Kenyan citizen .
FALSE .
Some birthers also contend that because Barack Obama Sr. was a native of Kenya , that President Obama is a British citizen .
In 1961 when Barack Obama II was born , Kenya was a colony that fell under British rule .
It is true that at birth , President Obama held both United States and Kenyan citizenship .
Barack Obama Sr.'s citizenship was governed by The British Nationality Act of 1948 .
The status of Barack Obama Sr.'s children , including Barack Obama II , was also governed by the same act .
Subject to the provisions of this section , a person born after the commencement of this Act shall be a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies by descent if his father is a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies at the time of the birth .
When Kenya became it's own country in 1963 , all people who had been defined as British citizens under The British Nationality Act ceased to be British citizens and became citizens of Kenya instead .
This is according to the Kenyan Constitution .
Every person who , having been born in Kenya , is on 11th December , 1963 a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies or a British protected person shall become a citizen of Kenya on 12th December , 1963 ...
Every person who , having been born outside Kenya , is on 11th December , 1963 a citizen of the United Kingdom and Colonies or a British protected person shall , if his father becomes , or would but for his death have become , a citizen of Kenya by virtue of subsection ( 1 ) , become a citizen of Kenya on 12th December , 1963 .
Years later , the section of The British Nationality Act of 1948 which gave President Obama his British citizenship in the first place was repealed with The British Nationality Act of 1981 .
In addition , because President Obama never renounced his US citizenship nor swore an oath of allegiance to Kenya , his Kenyan citizenship automatically ended on August 4 , 1982 when he was twenty one years old .
President Obama 's loss of Kenyan citizenship is in accordance with the Kenyan Constitution .
A person who , upon the attainment of the age of twenty - one years , is a citizen of Kenya and also a citizen of some country other than Kenya shall , subject to subsection ( 7 ) , cease to be a citizen of Kenya upon the specified date unless he has renounced his citizenship of that other country , taken the oath of allegiance and , in the case of a person who was born outside Kenya .
made and registered such declaration of his intentions concerning residence as may be prescribed by or under an Act of Parliament .
4. Barack Obama could not have traveled on a US passport to Pakistan when he was in college , because there was a travel ban to Pakistan .
FALSE .
As mentioned at a California fundraiser in 2008 , Barack Obama traveled to Pakistan with his college friend in 1981 .
The story told by birthers is that it would have been impossible for Obama to travel to Pakistan on a US passport because of a State Department travel ban for that country .
Therefore , Obama must have held and traveled to Pakistan on a passport from another nation that he was a citizen of , such as Indonesia or Kenya .
According to the official document from the State Department , there was merely a travel advisory for Pakistan , not a travel ban .
Thirty day visas were available to US citizens at Pakistani airports .
5. Even if Barack Obama was born in Hawaii , he is not eligible to be President of the Unites States because he only had one citizen parent .
FALSE .
According to Article II , Section I of the United States Constitution ,
No person except a natural born Citizen , or a Citizen of the United States , at the time of the Adoption of this Constitution , shall be eligible to the Office of President ; neither shall any Person be eligible to that Office who shall not have attained to the Age of thirty - five Years , and been fourteen Years a Resident within the United States .
The 14th Amendment to the United States Constitution gives us a framework for what constitutes a United States citizen .
All persons born or naturalized in the United States , and subject to the jurisdiction thereof , are citizens of the United States and of the State wherein they reside .
No State shall make or enforce any law which shall abridge the privileges or immunities of citizens of the United States ; nor shall any State deprive any person of life , liberty , or property , without due process of law ; nor deny to any person within its jurisdiction the equal protection of the laws .
President Obama was born in Honolulu , Hawaii on August 4 , 1961 .
Under the Hawaii Admission Act , Hawaii was declared to be a state of the union on March 18 , 1959 ; two entire years before Barack Obama was born .
Therefore , he was born in the United States and was subject to its jurisdiction at birth ; making him a citizen .
Birthers , however , have determined that since Barack Obama 's father was not a United States citizen that President Obama is not a citizen of the United States because he only has one citizen parent .
However , the United States Supreme Court has defined United States citizenship more broadly than the birthers , as shown in United States v Wong Kim Ark .
This was the first case in which the Court interpreted Section I of the Fourteenth Amendment , in which all persons born in the United States are defined as citizens .
Expanding on the 14th Amendment , in Wong the court ruled that all persons born in the United States are citizens regardless of the citizenship status of their parents .
This is also known as jus solis .
6 . If President Obama would just call the State of Hawaii and have them release his long - form birth certificate it would clear all of this up .
FALSE .
First off , as noted above the State of Hawaii does not issue long - form birth certificates .
Secondly , President Obama is a defendant in numerous eligibility lawsuits ; a list of which can be found here .
When you are a party in a legal suit , it is NEVER a good idea to have outside communications with parties that could be named as witnesses in your case ( such as employees of the State of Hawaii ) .
Also , we have seen over the past one year and one month since the President 's COLB was first scanned and posted online how much this conspiracy has grown .
The birther conspiracy nuts have , as noted above , several theories ; some of which cannot be debunked using a birth certificate .
Releasing any more documents will not help to put this situation to bed , it will only deepen the conspiracy .
As Loren from Barackryphal writes ( emphasis mine ) ,
RP : " So you want to know why Obama wo n't take the simple measure of releasing his birth certificate , when you already have at least eight consecutive fall - back arguments you 'll make if he does so , whereby you 'll continue to insist that he 's ineligible for the Presidency even after he proves that he was born in Hawaii ? "
Birther : " Right . " RP : " Y'know , if I were Obama , I think I 'd save my ten dollars too . "
In addition to the facts and evidence cited above , in response to the FOIA lawsuit Strunk v U.S. Department of State , the Departments of State and Homeland Security answered in a document that debunks almost all of the birther lies .
To the extent this paragraph alleges that President Obama is not a natural - born citizen of the United States or is otherwise ineligible to serve as President of the United States , that allegation is denied .
Specifically , Defendants deny that President Obama was born in Kenya or anywhere outside the state of Hawaii .
To the extent this paragraph alleges that Lolo Soetoro is or ever was President Obama ’s father by birth or adoption , that allegation is denied .
To the extent this paragraph alleges that President Obama is or ever was a practicing Muslim , that allegation is denied .
updated on January 4 , 2011
Updated with video : 12:31 EDT
BEREA , Ohio - Derek Anderson will replace Brady Quinn as the starting quarterback Sunday against the Bengals , coach Eric Mangini announced today .
Mangini said " giving Derek the opportunity is something I think will help us offensively . ''
He said Anderson 's performance on third down Sunday in Baltimore -- including 3 - of - 4 on a field goal drive -- helped him clinch the job .
He said he needs to improve on throwing interceptions , after throwing three in Baltimore .
He also said he expects Quinn to continue to work hard .
" I 'm not saying it 's all Brady , '' said Mangini .
" Derek did some things that were positive and that 's what it 's based on . ''
Details to follow soon .
Pumas skipper Felipe Contepomi is set for regular top - class internationals Argentina have been invited to join South Africa , New Zealand and Australia in an expanded southern hemisphere rugby union championship from 2012 .
The Pumas came third in the last World Cup and are ranked sixth in the world .
Argentina Rugby ( UAR ) President Porfirio Carreras called it " momentous " news and retired World Cup captain Agustin Pichot said he was " delighted " .
The invitation is conditional and needs to be approved by Tri-Nations governing body SANZAR 's broadcasters .
Among the conditions to be met are that the Pumas will field their best players and the UAR come up with a satisfactory financial package .
SANZAR chief executive Andy Marinos said : " To have the Pumas join with the three top - ranked international teams in world rugby will be exciting for fans , players , sponsors and broadcasters across our four countries and beyond .
" They play a different style to the All Blacks , Springboks and Wallabies and their inclusion will see the Tri-Nations evolve to be a truly southern hemisphere championship . "
606 : DEBATE
Good news and a great day for rugby in Argentina
bosotter
The Pumas have been pushing for inclusion in the southern hemisphere 's major tournaments since they finished third at the 2007 World Cup , ahead of New Zealand and Australia , despite not being part of a regular international competition .
They have been overlooked for inclusion in the southern hemisphere 's Super provincial competition , which will be increased from 14 to 15 , though individual players will be offered places in those teams .
Carreras stated : " I would like to thank my board and everyone who supported us to reach this point .
We are very much looking forward to working with our partners in Australia , New Zealand and South Africa to secure our place in the best competition in world rugby in 2012 . "
Under the proposed format for the Four Nations , each team would play each other home and away , giving all countries six games and a total of 12 matches overall .
The series would be played over eight or nine weeks from mid-August .
Former scrum - half Pichot , who has been replaced as Argentina captain by Felipe Contepomi , said : " I can't express the joy of myself and the team that has been working on this project to get to this point . "
" We are committed to working with SANZAR to meet the conditions . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Three - quarters of the way through his masterpiece Let Us Now Praise Famous Men , James
Agee takes a pause in his account of a summer spent living among Depression - era , cotton - picking tenant farmers for an “ Intermission , ” subtitled “ Conversation in the Lobby . ”
The overall thrust of this portion , phrased as a furious response to questions posed to writers by the Partisan Review in May , 1939 , is to defend the radicalism of the artist ’s vocation .
A good artist is a deadly enemy of society ; and the most dangerous thing that can happen to an enemy , no matter how cynical , is to become a beneficiary .
No society , no matter how good , could be mature enough to support a real artist without mortal danger to that artist .
The Partisan Review ‘s final question concerned the “ the next world war . ”
It asked , “ What do you think the responsibilities of writers in general are when and if war comes ? ”
Of all his answers , here Agee replies the most directly , the most earnestly , and the least aggressively toward the askers .
He says he has thought much about the matter — “ first glibly … later with more and more perplexity , distress , and immediate interest , fascination , and fear ” — and several possibilities have come to him .
Enlist in that part of the war which seemed most dangerous , least glamorous , least relevant to any choice I might have through “ education , ” “ class , ” “ connections , ” or personal craftiness .
This either for personal - “ religious ” reasons or out of an “ artist ’s ” curiosity , or more likely both .
Join the stalinist party and do as I was told or Bore from Within it .
[ A page earlier he writes , “ ‘ I find , in retrospect , ’ that I have felt forms of allegiance or part - allegiance to catholicism and to the communist party .
I felt less and less at ease with them and am done with them . ” ]
Stay wherever I happened to be , mind my own business , refuse every order , and take the consequences .
Stay wherever I happened to be , and write what I thought of the War , the Pacifists , etc. , wherever I could get it printed .
Escape from it by whatever means possible and by the same means continue to do my own work .
For those of us hoping to plant Agee in a particular position or camp , either for or against this war or war in the abstract , he is evasive .
Even the pacifist crowd , so radical in its way , he considers also a “ society ” into which an artist cannot afford to blend .
Answer 1 offers a very Christ - like self - sacrifice , venturing among the least to reveal the truth for all .
But , unlike number 3 , and possibly numbers 2 and 4 , it seems a perfectly anti-political position to take .
So also is number 5 .
Taken together , though , the options offer little assurance to the partisan .
A footnote appended later seems to be some encouragement for radical nonviolence :
I would now ( fall of 1940 ) have to add to this belief in non-resistence to evil as the only possible means of conquering evil .
Only to equivocate in the very next sentence :
I am in serious uncertainty about this belief ; still more so , of my ability to stand by it .
If you ’re tempted to dismiss Agee as simply a political weakling , a dilettante making games out of serious business , the last sentences of this section are worth hearing out .
They spell out a cosmic reversal , an insistence that The War everyone talks about is in fact a game , an absurdity when viewed from the truly serious business of making art and meaning for the human race .
Or , in other words , I consider myself to have been continuously at war for some years , and can imagine no form of armistice .
In that war I feel “ responsible . ” I doubt any other form of war could make me more so .
This artist , he insists , cannot be the partisan that the Review wants to drum out concerning the coming war .
He refuses to accept the war being declared by politicians and generals — and all manner of those who consider themselves informed — as the real war most worthy of his attention .
Especially when no one else does , the artist can look past her or his society ’s present means of mass suicide and murder , into the deathless questions that , by being ignored , so provoke the rest of us .
During World War II , Agee devoted himself to reviewing films for Time and The Nation .
The draft board passed him over .
He had a son who died soon after being born , and he married his third wife .
Mono developers have shrunk their open - source implementation of the .NET runtime down to iPhone size .
Novell on Monday unfurled MonoTouch , a commercial toolkit that allows developers to use Microsoft 's development framework to build apps for Apple 's ubiquitous mobile .
MonoTouch consists of a suite of compilers , libraries , and tools for integrating with the iPhone and iPod Touch SDK .
It lets developers use C# and other .NET programming languages for the Apple devices , rather than wading into C and Objective -C .
" It was challenging to bring .NET to the iPhone , but we 've developed an entire pipeline that begins with our Mono development IDE , and goes all the way to deploying to the device , " said Novell 's lead developer , Miguel de Icaza .
" It was kind of a product we did n't plan on doing initially , " he said .
" It was mostly user demand . "
But several changes had to be made to Mono in order to comply with Apple 's extremely restrictive approval requirements .
For iPhone apps , Apple does n't allow just - in - time engines at the kernel level , and devs are barred from using scripting engines .
MonoTouch avoids this with a static compiler that turns .
NET executables and libraries directly into native applications .
The apps pop out without an interpreter and using only native code .
" What we had to develop is basically a technology that compiles .
NET statically , " said de Icaza .
" This is the first time that .NET has been compiled statically into native code – and we had to do a lot of work to turn .NET from a very dynamic runtime system into a fully static system . "
Unfortunately , that work – in addition to the irresistibly lucrative call of the iPhone itself - comes at a price .
More specifically , a retail price .
For individuals only building applications for the Apple Apps Store , MonoTouch sells for $ 400 per developer for a one - year subscription , ( which includes maintenance and updates ) .
MonoTouch Enterprise Edition is available at $ 1,000 per developer for a one - year subscription or as a five - developer Enterprise license for $ 4,000 per year .
" This is a departure for Mono as a purely open - source project , " said de Icaza .
" It 's always been available as open - source for desktop and server applications – but we consider mobile applications as a space where Mono would be licensed . "
Until now , direct revenue has been limited to selling Mono for embedded systems to a small number of game makers .
But de Icaza said that until now , the project has n't done anything with mass market appeal .
" When Mono is used on Linux , we 're all on the same playing field and it's all open source , " said de Icaza .
" But when it comes to the iPhone we felt that the developers are targeting a proprietary device with proprietary tools .
For us , it 's a way of getting revenue – but we also do n't feel the kind of guilt that 's associated with licensing . "
MonoType 1.0 ships today with limited support for Microsoft 's LINQ , but it 's scheduled for improvement with MonoTouch 2.0 .
Today 's incarnation does , however , come fully prepared for the new APIs exposed in iPhone Software 3.1 . ®
Striding through grassy fields in an Indiana Jones - style hat , climbing trees in leopard country - just another day in an increasingly adventurous summer for Russia 's strongman Vladimir Putin .
The prime minister , who recently dived in a mini-submarine to the floor of the world 's deepest lake and attached a transmitter to a whale , was this time visiting the remote Russian region of Tuva in southern Siberia .
Mr Putin - dressed in a green fatigues - camped out overnight , rafted down the region 's fast flowing rivers and visited a traditional farmstead , Russian news agencies said .
Pictures taken by his press entourage show him striding through savannah - like fields in ankle - high boots and a hat reminiscent of the Hollywood action hero Indiana Jones .
In another image Mr Putin was shown nestled on the thick branch of a tree , surveying the scene with quiet authority .
A pose , in fact , that appeared to imitate the fabled snow leopard , one of the region 's most endangered species .
Russian news agencies described the day 's activities as a " holiday " for the prime minister , although it was clearly aimed at reinforcing his tough - guy image that plays so well at home .
Tuva is one of Russia 's most remote and exotic regions , populated by a Turkic people famous worldwide for their astonishing throat - singing .
The holiday was as brief as it was dramatic and by the afternoon Mr Putin was seen at a meeting on agriculture in central Russia .
- AFP
The mother of three sons
who all are charged or convicted of murder in separate slayings
is now also in trouble with the law .
Birmingham police have charged 42 - year - old Yolanda Seay with conspiracy to commit murder and solicitation for murder .
Investigators say Yolanda Seay was active in the planning and solicitation of the shooting of Kandi Hawkins , a witness against two of her sons in separate cases .
Hawkins was shot in June and left for dead , but survived her injuries .
Her injuries left her a quadriplegic and she is being cared for at an undisclosed location .
Yolanda Seay was arrested Friday night at her Bankhead Highway home , said Birmingham homicide Sgt. Sam Noblitt .
She was taken to the county jail with bond set at $ 120,000 .
Her first - born Martez Seay , 25 , is charged with capital murder in the May execution - style slaying of Lonnie Vaughn , a Vestavia Hills father of two who was found in northeast Jefferson County , nude and shot multiple times .
Hawkins also is charged with capital murder in that case .
Martez Seay is now also charged with solicitation for murder and conspiracy to commit murder in the shooting of Hawkins , his on - again , off - again girlfriend .
Yolanda Seay 's youngest son , Demarious Seay , is awaiting trial for capital murder in the April 2008 shooting death of a 17 - year - old Parker High School student .
He also is charged with attempted murder in the shooting of Hawkins .
Her middle child , Cortez Seay , pleaded guilty and was sentence to life in prison for the 2004 murder of a 50 - year - old man in a drug house in a dispute over money .
In an interview with The Birmingham News in June , Yolanda Seay said she ached for the families that have been hurt and said she was heartbroken over Hawkins ' injuries .
Click on the link below the map to see details on Jefferson , Shelby and Birmingham homicides in 2009 .
Australian government hopes recession will produce military “ recruitment bonanza ”
By Terry Cook
26 January 2009
The Australian newspaper carried a front - page article on January 6 expressing satisfaction that rising unemployment could spur youth and displaced skilled workers to sign up to the military , providing a " recruitment bonanza " for the Australian Defence Force ( ADF ) .
It should come as no surprise that Murdoch 's Australian flagship newspaper applauds the possibility that the wholesale destruction of jobs will effectively produce economic conscription .
The Australian has been in the forefront of championing Australian participation in the US - led wars in Iraq and Afghanistan , as well as the military incursions in East Timor and the Solomon Islands , all of which the Rudd Labor government has continued since the landslide defeat of the Howard government in November 2007 .
Citing the latest enlistment figures , the article declared : " It is hoped that an influx of recruits will signal the end of one of the most prolonged and damaging recruitment crisis in the history of the ADF . "
It welcomed " the first tentative signs that the economic slowdown is luring more young people to sign up to a life in the military " .
During the three months to December 1 , ADF job applications jumped by almost 20 percent compared with the same period 12 months earlier .
The increases were 27 percent for the air force , 22 percent for the navy and 15 percent for the army .
Overall , 6,136 applications were received in the three months , compared to 5,197 for the corresponding period in 2007 .
Significantly , the last three months of 2008 saw the onset of mounting job losses as the global economic crisis began to bite .
Layoffs spread from the financial sector into the auto industry , manufacturing , services and mining , are impacting on working families already suffering debt and mortgage stress .
According to the latest official statistics , the number of unemployed workers topped 500,000 in December for the first time since 2006 , and financial institutions , including JPMorgan , have warned that the total could double to one million by the end of 2010 .
During December the number of full - time jobs fell by 43,900 , extending a four - month decline .
The unemployment rate climbed to 4.5 percent , and would have risen further but for an increase in the number of people pushed into part - time employment , working fewer than 35 hours a week .
In addition , about 85,000 people dropped out of the workforce .
The Australian expressed the hope that the worsening slump would assist the military to reverse its serious recruitment crisis , noting that the " military traditionally recruits strongly during economic downturns " .
The Rudd government is making similar calculations .
Defence Minister Joel Fitzgibbon said this week the ADF had about 53,000 personnel but was still 4,000 short of its immediate target .
There is no doubt the single biggest challenge facing the Australian Defence Force in the coming decade is our people and skills shortage , he told the ABC .
We 're going to have to continue to work very hard to reach the targets ...
There is an expectation with a weakening labour market people will look for greater security in the Australian Defence Force . "
The Labor government has been taking extraordinary measures to try to boost enlistment in order to meet the targets set by the Howard government for a 20 percent expansion of the armed forces by 2016 .
In September , Fitzgibbon announced $ 6 million in retention bonuses to air force personnel , including $ 30,000 each to about 150 air - traffic controllers to stay an extra year .
A bonus of $ 20,000 was offered to electricians , plumbers and carpenters who committed to two extra years .
The navy , which has been able to crew only three of its six Collins - class submarines , recently offered submariners $ 60,000 to serve for an extra 18 months .
General service sailors were offered $ 24,000 .
The navy also gave most of its sailors an extended two - month holiday over Christmas , in response both to a shortage of staff and in a drive to attract and retain sailors .
In the army , soldiers from non-technical trades nearing the end of their service have been offered $ 25,000 to retrain as metalworkers and avionics technicians .
Some technicians have also been offered a bonus of up to $ 25,000 to serve another two years .
The ADF 's inability to fill its recruitment quotas and to retain trained personnel reflects deep - going opposition among broad sections of youth and working people to Australia 's involvement in the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq and revulsion over the escalating level of US - led militarism .
Between 1999 and 2006 , enlistment inquiries plunged by a third — from 150,000 to 100,000 a year , despite the Howard government spending $ 500 million in recruitment and retention campaigns .
Many young people who signed up for ADF service did not do so out of military zeal but to gain access to trade training because apprenticeships and other forms of training have become increasingly difficult to obtain .
On completing their service in the ADF , significant numbers left immediately to take up civilian jobs .
The military 's separation rate — the rate at which people quit the military — has fallen over the past three months , but is still above the target of 10 percent .
With unemployment rising , the ADF is now hoping to fulfil the government 's plan to increase numbers by around 5,000 to a total of 57,000 by 2016 .
This would allow the creation of two extra battalions and provide the air force and navy with sufficient crews for their new planes and ships .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd last year declared that the government " would spend what is necessary to develop a strong , flexible and well - equipped Defence Force to serve Australian interests over the next quarter century " .
His government has already signed off on the purchase of 100 Lockheed Martin F - 35 Joint - Strike Fighters , scheduled for delivery between 2013 and 2020 , with a total price tag of at least $ 15 billion .
In its first budget , last May , the Labor government continued Howard 's diversion of funds from social to military spending .
It imposed a 3.25 percent " efficiency dividend " on every other government department , but announced that military spending would be boosted by 4 percent in real terms each year for the next four years .
The budget also allocated funds to keep more than 3,000 troops overseas , primarily in Afghanistan , Iraq , East Timor and the Solomon Islands .
No less than the Howard government , the Rudd government is firmly committed to participating in US - led wars , which seek to bolster American interests in the Middle East and Central Asia .
At the same time , with Washington 's backing , Labor is continuing to use troops to pursue Australian neo-colonial interventions in the Asia - Pacific region .
In the pages of the Australian and elsewhere , calls have been made already for the Rudd government to quickly answer any request from the incoming Obama administration for more combat troops to join the escalating war in Afghanistan .
( See " Eighth Australian soldier dies in Afghanistan amid calls to boost troop numbers " )
The fact that the Australian and the Rudd government expect soaring unemployment to " lure more young people to sign up to a life in the military " is a further warning that as capitalism descends deeper into economic turmoil and mass unemployment , it has no alternative to offer the working class but militarism and war .
Event Planning
If you ’re planning an event , then make Funky Furniture your first choice for furniture hire , as we can provide everything you ’ll need to furnish and set - dress your event .
With a vast range of hire furniture , no matter what kind of event , from a PR event , to a wedding or an exhibition , we ’ll have the right furniture for your needs !
Our expert team will help you to bring your creative vision alive , and are happy to help you at every step of the way .
We ’ll ensure that your hire furniture is with you when you need it , and we ’ll help you to manage the hire process effectively so your event will run as smoothly as possible .
War of the Worlds : Goliath Trailer - [ briefly ]
08:28 PM EDT - Aug , 24 2009 - post a comment
War of the Worlds : Goliath is an animated steampunk epic and unofficial sequel to War of the Worlds .
In 1900 , the Earth was attacked by ruthless invaders from the planet Mars .
The Martian 's 80 ft tall , heat - ray spewing , Tripod battle machines laid waste to the planet , but the invaders ultimately fell prey to Earth 's tiny bacteria .
Fourteen years later , Man has rebuilt his shattered world , in part by utilizing captured Martian technology .
It 's slated to hit on DVD in February next year .
By Max Seitz
BBC Mundo
The intensive care unit of the world 's economy now has fewer patients .
While rich countries make headway the poor are still struggling Having managed to escape from the recession and find their way back to economic growth , Japan , Germany and France have risen from their sick beds , while the prognosis for the US and the eurozone is looking favourable .
In each of these countries it would seem the substantial doses of state aid injected into the financial sector have done their job , although the struggle continues against unemployment and lack of credit .
However , the economic health of many developing countries in Africa , Asia , and Latin America has worsened and will no doubt remain fragile for some time to come .
' Deeper wounds '
Analysts agree the current crisis is very different from previous ones .
The " tequila effect " in Mexico ( 1995 ) and the south - east Asia collapse ( 1997 - 1998 ) had their origins in emerging economies and had a limited impact on the developed world .
This time , in contrast , the crisis began in rich countries and contaminated the rest of the planet , causing upheaval in less - protected areas of the world .
The whole world has suffered to a lesser or greater extent from the collapse of the stock markets , the credit crunch , the decrease in commerce and the downturn in economic growth .
But in the case of developing countries - especially the poorest ones , the wounds have been wider and deeper .
If poor countries already represented a risk to investors , now they are considered even more of a risk
Aldo Abram , Economist
The fall in direct investments , capital flow and remittances has added to the problems they were already suffering from .
Effectively , millions of people who had no hand in bringing about the financial crisis in any way are the hardest hit by it .
" However , there have been different kinds of impact on the developing world , " says Sergio Jellinek , a specialist in sustainable development for the World Bank .
" Emerging economies such as those of Brazil , India and China have shown more resistance to the global disorder , " he says .
" And there are also poor nations which , because they are distanced from the international financial markets , have suffered less from the effects of the crisis , " he adds .
Less capital According to the Multilateral Investment Guarantee Agency ( MIGA ) , the flow of direct investments to developing countries will plummet by 30 % in 2009 , to only $ 385,000 m .
For its part , the Institute of International Finance ( IIF ) estimates the flow of capital to these countries will fall by 35 % during the current year , to a mere $ 165,000 m .
" Poor countries are at an enormous disadvantage , if they already represented a risk to investors , now they are considered even more of a risk .
This puts them in a very difficult position , " explains Argentine economist , Aldo Abram .
According to Mr Abram , the return of direct investments and capital to developing countries will depend on the recovery of confidence of the rich nations , which in his opinion , will be mid-2010 .
Aid at risk ?
But the list of symptoms does not stop there .
In previous crises , stronger economies cut back their budgets of bilateral aid to developing countries and many fear that this will happen again in the current crisis .
VITAL SIGNS IN 2009 Global commerce will shrink by 10 % Global economy will contract by 1.3 %
The flow of direct investment in developing countries will fall by 30 % Source : WTO , IMF , World Bank
There are no exact figures on the impact the current crisis has had on aid packages to poor countries , but the subject is a worrying one because , for example , Africa is highly dependent on the external aid which represents 9 % of the continent 's GNP .
The Organisation for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) , which includes several rich nations , has warned that its members will send fewer funds to the underprivileged regions of the planet .
The president of the OECD 's Development Assistance Committee , Eckhard Deutscher , says : " We must not repeat the mistakes of the 90s , when the developed countries drastically cut their aid budgets because of the recession . "
Mr Deutscher is not being fanciful .
Western economies like those of France , Italy and Ireland announced cutbacks in their bilateral aid programmes at the beginning of this year .
The World Bank estimates that this year between 30,000 and 50,000 more babies will die in Africa alone , as a direct consequence of the worsening economic situation in poor countries .
And according to the UN , the number of people in the world suffering from malnutrition will exceed the current figure of 1,000 millions , some 10 % more than 2008 .
Sergio Jellinek , of the World Bank admits , " We recognise that more must be done and soon . "
In terms of the role the rich countries should play , Mr Jellinek declares : " I believe in the current climate , it is their responsibility to release more funds , because it was in their backyard the world crisis originated . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
TAIWAN has sent emergency teams into a remote village where dozens are feared to have been trapped by massive mudslides after Typhoon Morakot brought torrential rain to the island .
Eight specially - trained rescuers and 13 soldiers from an elite unit were flown by helicopter into Hsiaolin in southern Kaohsiung county , where reports said up to 200 people could have been buried by the mud .
Earlier it was reported that 400 people were feared missing .
Rescuers flew 45 people to safety and survivors spoke of family members being engulfed .
A 46 - year - old man , identified only by his surname Weng , told the TVBS cable news network that he had narrowly escaped as he checked a makeshift wooden house near his home , but his 10 other family members had disappeared in the mud .
" All of them were gone , " he said in tears .
Rescue authorities plan to send up to 160 rescuers to the village , an official from the disaster contingency centre surnamed Liang said .
" As long as weather permits , we 'll send more people there , " he said .
Local television reported that 200 homes could have been wiped out by mudslides .
" To tell the truth , we do n't know how many people were trapped there , " Liang said .
Lin Chien- chung , a rescued villager , was cited by the United Evening newspaper as saying that his home and neighbourhood were buried and up to 600 people could have been buried alive .
However , rescuers said the figure was an overestimate .
Originally published as Hundreds feared buried in mudslides
There are a number of important questions that you should ask yourself and insurance agents before choosing a policy .
These questions can help you get exactly what you need while paying a fair amount each month .
Those who rush into getting this type of insurance almost always end up with regrets .
Even more experienced drivers should still keep all of these things in mind before getting their next policy .
1. What Level of Cover is Right for me ?
One of the first things that you need to consider before you start looking at insurance providers is to determine the level of cover you need .
By law you will need to have at least third party only insurance , but you might want to go beyond that .
You should consider the age of your vehicle as well as how often you drive before making up your mind on this .
2. What Can I Afford ?
Everyone who drives needs to pay for car insurance , but not everyone can afford to pay the same amount .
You should take a close look at your budget to see how much you can pay every month .
When you take the time to compare quotes from different providers , you should be able to stay within your budget .
There is a chance that you will be forced to exceed your budget a little , but it ’s important that you do some research to avoid paying more than you need to .
3. Can I get a Discount ?
Many insurance companies offer discounts for certain people , so it ’s important that you ask each agent you speak with about this .
If you have an exceptionally good driving record , you could save some money on your monthly rate .
This does n’t take much effort at all , and it could save you hundreds or even thousands of dollars over the years .
4. Do I Need Breakdown Cover ?
Most car insurance providers offer breakdown cover , but it ’s usually an add - on that you will need to pay extra for .
Breakdown cover can be extremely useful in the event that you are stranded on the side of the road due to a flat tyre or some mechanical failure .
It will allow you to get the help you need in this situation so you do n’t have to worry about what to do .
With a simple phone call you can get a technician out to look at your car .
If there is a need for a tow , your vehicle will be taken to the closest garage .
It is especially important for people with older cars or those who drive a lot to get this type of cover .
5. Does the Policy Offer a Good Overall Value ?
You should also ask yourself whether or not the policy offers a good overall value for the money you are going to spend each month .
Take a close look at the details so you can determine if you will be getting your money ’s worth .
If your gut tells you that you can get a better deal , you should look for one .
There is no point in settling for less .
6 . What are the Different Types of Car Insurance ?
There are three main types of car insurance — Third Party , Third Party fire and theft , and Comprehensive .
Third party insurance is the most basic kind , and it will cover you if you get into an accident and cause injury to another person .
Third Party Fire and Theft will cover you if your car is stolen or sustains damage to a fire .
Comprehensive insurance provides you with cover for any necessary repairs or even replacement of your vehicle .
7. What Affects the Total Cost of My Policy ?
Some of the more common things that affect how much you pay for car insurance include :
The condition of your vehicle .
Make / Model of your vehicle
Your age
Your driving record
Where you live
Your claims history
Not everyone pays the same amount for their car insurance , and these are just some of the factors that will impact your final rate .
8 . Is the Provider Reputable ?
It is important that you spend some time looking for a reputable and well - known provider to get car insurance from .
The better the provider ’s reputation , the more peace of mind you will have .
Why Car Insurance is so Important
Car insurance is a legal requirement for all drivers , but it is very important for a number of reasons .
If you happen to get into an accident of any kind while driving , your insurance will help .
Those who drive without insurance are subject to some very hefty fines .
You should take as much time as you need to consider all of these things before buying a certain car insurance policy for your vehicle .
COLORADO SPRINGS | U.S. missile defenses are prepared to try to knock down the last stage of a Taepodong - 2 missile that North Korea is expected soon to launch if sensors detect the weapon threatens U.S. territory , the commander of the U.S. Northern Command told The Washington Times .
“ The nation has a very , very credible ballistic - missile defense capability .
Our ground - based interceptors in Alaska and California , I ’m very comfortable , give me a capability that if we really are threatened by a long - range ICBM that I ’ve got high confidence that I could interdict that flight before it caused huge damage to any U.S. territory , ” said Air Force Gen. Victor E. “ Gene ” Renuart , Northcom commander .
The general said the United States wo n’t activate its missile defenses if the North Korean missile appears it will fall safely into the water as the country ’s last test missile did .
( Corrected paragraph : ) Asked if North Korea is likely to conduct a July 4 Taepodong - 2 test , as occurred in 2006 , Gen .
Renuart said in an interview this week with The Times at Northern Command headquarters at Peterson Air Force Base , “ I think we ought to assume there might be one on the first of July and continue to be prepared and ready . ”
RELATED STORIES :
• S. Korea mobilizes maritime squads
• U.S. seeks to ensure Afghan elections
• Energy job losers could get windfall
Gen .
Renuart , who is commander of the military ’s first combatant command devoted to defending against threats to U.S. territory , is also the commander of the U.S. - Canada North American Aerospace Defense Command , or NORAD , which monitors missile launches around the world and also foreign military aircraft intrusions of U.S. air space .
Since Sept. 11 , 2001 , NORAD is also in charge of tracking civilian aircraft to be ready to respond to a terrorist hijacking .
Gen .
Renuart said North Korea ’s leaders are unpredictable and their “ decision logic does not always follow in the same vein as ours does . ”
The four - star commander said that in addition to long - range interceptors , U.S. missile defenses in the Asia Pacific region include U.S. ground - and sea - based defense systems .
They include ground - based Patriot anti-missile defenses deployed in South Korea , and U.S. Navy Aegis system missile - defense ships deployed to waters near Japan .
Recently , the Pentagon also activated units of the Army ’s new Theater High - Altitude Area Defenses that were undergoing testing in Hawaii , in response to indications that North Korea is set to fire a Taepodong - 2 .
The regional defenses augment the long - range interceptors based at two sites , one in Alaska and one in California , Gen. Renuart said .
The Pacific Command missile defenses provide “ a pretty well - integrated ground - based theater defense capability , ” he said .
“ I think we are certainly ready and capable of responding , ” Gen. Renuart said .
The wild card in any future North Korean missile test remains the many unknowns about the regime in Pyongyang and whether it will attempt the test or irrationally fire a warhead toward Hawaii , he said .
“ In terms of what North Korea ’s decision process may be , or their logic , you got a Ph.D. in intentions , and you probably can’t figure that out , ” Gen . Renuart said .
The recent U.N. Security Council resolution condemning North Korea ’s May 25 nuclear test and authorizing unified international action to stem Pyongyang ’s arms and missile proliferation has affected the regime , he said .
Additionally , North Korea has said that any attempt to interdict its ships , an action authorized in a limited way by the U.N. resolution , would be regarded as an act of war .
“ We ’ve all been watching the North Korean ship that was headed south , and it continues to be one in a number of ways the North Korean leadership seems to try get attention and create an effect , ” Gen . Renuart said .
The North Korean ship , Kang Nam 1 , was being tracked with a suspected weapons - related shipment to Myanmar , but a defense official said Wednesday the latest reports indicate the ship had turned away from its planned route .
Asked the threshold for a U.S. military missile - defense strike on the North Korean missile , Gen . Renuart said , “ We will not intercept something that is not a threat to North America or U.S. land space in Hawaii . ”
If the missile falls harmlessly in the ocean , there is no reason to conduct an attempted intercept using regional or strategic interceptors , he said .
“ The system is designed to tell us , A , where it ’s coming from , and roughly where it ’s going , ” he said .
“ And if that where - it ’s - going piece begins to threaten U.S. land mass , whether we know it ’s a live or training [ warhead ] , the system will allow us to engage it .
“ Prudence will dictate that , even if the warhead configuration of the missile is not a real warhead , ” Gen .
Renuart said , “ It ’s hard to allow that to threaten our territory without doing something about it .
It would be hard to tell the American people we did n’t do anything . ”
The current system is “ up and ready ” for any North Korean launch , he said .
However , a U.S. defense official said it is unlikely that the Taepodong - 2 being monitored at a North Korean launch site will be ready for launch by July 4 .
The liquid - fueled missile takes days to prepare for launch , including the loading of large amounts of liquid rocket fuel .
The official spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of the information .
The North Koreans could launch short - or medium - range missiles around the July Fourth holiday , however , the official said .
Press reports from South Korea and Japan recently stated that North Korea planned to launch the Taepodong - 2 toward Hawaii , but U.S. defense officials said the direction of the shot will not be determined until shortly after launch .
The National Air and Space Intelligence Center , in its latest report on missile threats made public in May , lists the single - warhead Taepodong - 2 as having a range greater than 3,400 miles .
“ The missile can hit Hawaii and Alaska , and it may be able to reach the western continental United States with a lighter , chemical warhead , ” said Richard Fisher , a specialist on missiles with the private International Assessment and Strategy Center .
Gen .
Renuart said a large sea - based X - band radar , a very high - powered radar system used to track and target missiles , has sailed from Hawaii in preparation for the test .
The ground - based missile - defense interceptors , the ground - based radar and the Aegis cruisers around Japan “ have been in place for a period of time , ” he said .
“ I ’m comfortable we have all we need , ” he said .
Gen .
Renuart said he had requested using the X - band radar , which is built on a floating oil - rig platform , for use in an April test - firing of a long - range rocket by North Korea .
Defense officials said the general ’s request at that time was turned down by the Pentagon , prompting some critics to say that not deploying the radar — which was undergoing maintenance at the time in Hawaii — was a missed opportunity to collect test data on the missile .
“ We had requested the X - band radar [ earlier this year ] before we really knew what was going on at the launch site , ” Gen . Renuart said .
A risk assessment was done on whether to halt the upgrading of the radar and send it to sea .
“ Once it became clear that this was not an ICBM launch , but rather a space - launch test , and understanding that we do n’t intercept space launches , there really was n’t the need to interrupt the modification and improvements , ” Gen. Renuart said .
Regarding the current North Korean preparations , Gen . Renuart said current indications are “ this seems to be that if something occurs , it will be ICBM - focused . ”
The X - band radar will provide technical information on the North Korean missile , he said without elaborating .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Canonical founder Mark Shuttleworth announced on Tuesday that Ubuntu 10.04 , the next major version of the popular Linux distribution , will be called Lascivious Liger Lucid Lynx .
This version is highly significant because it will be offered with long - term support ( LTS ) .
This means that security updates will be available for five years for servers and three years for desktops .
Regular Ubuntu releases are only supported for eighteen months .
Shuttleworth introduced the LTS concept in 2006 with the release of Dapper Drake .
The enhanced stability and longer lifecycle of LTS releases make them appealing to hardware makers organizations that are rolling out large Ubuntu deployments .
The last LTS version was 8.04 , codenamed Hardy Heron , which was released in 2008 .
As some readers may recall , we were a bit disappointed with Hardy Heron because it fell short of the level of robustness that we expected from an LTS release .
The timing was particularly bad because it was released during the middle of some rough architectural transitions , like the introduction of PulseAudio .
There could be similar problems with 10.04 as it aligns roughly with the scheduled release of GNOME 3 , a major new version of the desktop environment used by Ubuntu .
If the new experimental GNOME Shell is introduced at that time , it seems unlikely that the Ubuntu developers will be willing to include it in an LTS release .
In his official announcement , Shuttleworth confirms that the developers intend to be more conservative with the LTS release and will also put a stronger focus on testing and bugfixing .
The first alpha release is scheduled to arrive in December and there will be beta releases in March and April .
The official release is planned for April 29 .
" Lucid will continue our tradition of focusing an LTS on a quality , stable and consistent experience and will require a number of adjustments to the usual plan , " he wrote .
" Our focus will be stabilisation and bug - fixing across the platform with additional refinements in quality in key areas such as user interface improvements , boot experience , browsing and installing the incredible catalogue of software available for Ubuntu , and continuing our tradition of best - of - breed hardware support . "
Consistent with the focus on stability , the announcement does n't include a long list of planned features .
The one major goal that he discusses in the message is performance improvement , particularly in the area of startup time .
Earlier this year , Canonical set a goal of achieving ten - second startup for the 10.04 release .
They have already taken the first major steps towards achieving that goal in the upcoming Karmic Koala release which boots in 22 seconds on my laptop and in only five seconds on a computer with a solid state drive .
Shuttleworth 's announcement explains how the new codename , Lucid Lynx , is an apt mascot for the 10.04 release .
The Lynx is " the bow - tie - adorned James Bond of the feline set , so you can bet we 'll make sure it 's dressed for the occasion , " he says .
He also notes that a lynx is fast , slim , and predatory .
The chosen name was a disappointment here in the orbiting HQ .
It seems a bit cliche and practically invites accusations of ripping off Apple 's big cat theme .
I prefer " Lugubrious Lice " and managing editor Eric Bangeman suggested " Lusty Llama " .
As usual , we invite you to propose your own alternative codenames in the discussion thread .
Further reading
" Under NO circumstances would a Satanist sacrifice any animal or baby !
For centuries , propagandists of the right - hand path have been prattling over the supposed sacrifices of small children and voluptuous maidens at the hands of diabolists .
It would be thought that anyone reading or hearing of these heinous accounts would immediately question their authenticity , taking into consideration the biased sources of the stories .
On the contrary , as with all " holy " lies which are accepted without reservation , this assumed modus operandi of the Satanists persists to this day !
There are sound and logical reasons why the Satanists could not perform such sacrifices .
Man , the animal , is the godhead to the Satanist .
The purest form of carnal existence reposes in the bodies of animals and human children who have not grown old enough to deny themselves their natural desires .
They can perceive things that the average adult human can never hope to .
Therefore , the Satanist holds these beings in a sacred regard , knowing he can learn much from these natural magicians of the world . "
-- Anton Szandor LaVey .
Founder of The Church of Satan
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Trouble has flared as world leaders gather in the US city of Pittsburgh for the G20 summit .
Police fired pepper spray and rubber bullets at marchers after they rolled rubbish bins and threw rocks .
The clashes began after hundreds of protesters , many shouting anti-capitalist slogans , tried to march from the outlying Lawrenceville neighbourhood toward the convention centre where the summit is being held .
The protesters banged on drums and chanted as they marched through the streets .
Welcome to Premier Door Handles - the UK 's favourite door handle company
Carlisle Brass Specialists
We are Carlisle Brass specialists , and stock a huge range of high quality yet affordable Carlisle Brass door handles , knobs , fittings and accessories that all come with a 5 , 10 or 25 year guarantee for your peace of mind .
Carlisle Brass are widely recognised as the industry leading manufacturers of door furniture , known for exceptional quality and value for money .
Cheap Door Handles - Guaranteed !
We believe that buying cheap door handles does n't have to mean compromising on quality .
We review our prices every day to make sure that our door handles are the cheapest in the UK .
We are so confident in our low prices that all our products are backed by our generous price match guarantee - let us know if you find the same Carlisle Brass product elsewhere cheaper and we will match that price .
Expert , Friendly Customer Service
Choosing the right door handles and matching accessories can be a confusing experience .
With over 30 years experience in the ironmongery trade we are always happy to help .
Call us seven days a week on 01506 467730 and speak to our highly trained , friendly staff for free , expert advice .
Alternatively you can email us on [ email protected ] , or use the online contact form by clicking ' Contact Us ' at the top of the page .
Huge Range of Door Furniture
We offer a huge range of high quality Carlisle Brass door furniture in a variety of designs and finishes .
To help you more easily find the exact product you are looking for please choose from the following selections :
Recommended Handles and Knobs
We regularly get asked for some recommendations from customers choosing door handles and door knobs for their homes .
If you are looking for a classy , understated chrome handle on round rose , you wo n't go wrong with any of the classic Victorian Door Handle , the Victorian Scroll , or the Victorian Ascot .
If you would prefer a more traditional looking door handle on backplate , you should consider the ever - popular Wentworth , Ashtead , Chesham or Savannah ranges .
Finally , if you are looking for a well - made and stylish door knob , we are happy to recommend any of the following ranges from Delamain - Plain Door Knobs , Flower Door Knobs and White Porcelain Door Knobs .
Premier Door Handles Special Offers
We offer free shipping on UK mainland orders over £ 70 .
Orders over £ 100 qualify for a 5 % discount .
We also offer a generous returns policy - return goods to us within 28 days in re-saleable condition for a full refund .
Fast , Free Shipping and Delivery
We advise or customer NOT to book a joiner or Carpenter until you receive your order , check the goods and are happy with your purchase .
We offer free delivery by Courier on UK mainland orders over £ 70 .
Shipping for orders under £ 70 will be charged at £ 5.95 .
Click here to view our full delivery pricing .
Upon buying your goods from Premier Door Handles you will receive an order confirmation , followed by an email confirming the estimated delivery day .
On the day of delivery , when your order has been scanned , DPD Courier will send you confirmation of an hour timeslot for your delivery .
There are various options on the email to change the delivery or add delivery information i.e. leave with neighbour , in shed etc .
We aim to deliver your products as quickly as possible , usually within 2 - 3 working days .
In the unlikely event your chosen product is out of stock we will phone or email you to let you know when the product will be available , or offer you an alternative item or full refund .
Standard elivery is Monday - Friday 9am to 5.30 but Saturday deliveries are available at an extra cost - please contact our sales team to arrange a Saturday delivery .
We can also offer a next day delivery service for urgent orders - again please contact our sales team to discuss .
The row over the release of Abdelbaset Ali al - Megrahi , who was convicted of the Lockerbie bombing , opens up an enormous scandal .
Megrahi did not blow up Pan Am Flight 103 in 1988 .
He was framed to suit the US and British governments .
Now he has been released to further those interests .
Along the way the British blackmailed Megrahi into dropping a legal case that could have proved his innocence and exposed the cover -up .
This week Socialist Worker recounts the real story .
Denali National Park and Preserve ’s dynamic glaciated landscape supports a diversity of wildlife , including grizzly bears , caribou , wolves , Dall sheep and moose .
Birds and wildflowers grace summer slopes .
Visitors enjoy sightseeing , backpacking , and mountaineering .
Whether climbing or admiring , the crowning jewel is North America ’s highest peak , the awe - inspiring , 20,320 foot Mount McKinley .
Mount McKinley National Park was established in 1917 to protect its large mammals , not because of majestic Mt. McKinley .
In 1980 , the boundary was expanded to include both the Denali caribou herds wintering and calving ground and the entire Mt. McKinley massif .
This more than tripled the size of the park , and was renamed Denali National Park and Preserve .
It was also designated an International Biosphere Reserve significant for the potential for subarctic ecosystem research .
Denali is an Athabaskan word meaning The High One .
The mountain is officially named Mt. McKinley but is also referred to as Denali .
Mt. McKinley is the highest peak in North America at 20,320 feet .
It creates its own weather system and is often covered in clouds .
Mt. McKinley is only visible about 1/3 of the time , so visitors to the park only have about a 30 % chance of viewing Mt. McKinley .
Denali is one of the greatest wildlife viewing areas in the world .
Visitors have a chance of seeing grizzly bears , caribou , moose , Dall sheep , foxes , and wolves .
Many smaller animals also inhabit the park such as arctic ground squirrels , hoary marmots , pikas , snowshoe hares , and beavers .
For those interested in bird watching , there are a variety of birds that migrate to the park for the summer .
The list includes arctic tern , American golden plover , long tailed jaeger , the surfbird , arctic warbler , the wheatear , willow ptarmigan , golden eagles , and ravens .
Approximately 150 species live in and around the Denali area during the summer months .
For many people , this vast national park ( covering 9,375 sq mi/24,280 sq km ) between Anchorage and Fairbanks is the highlight of a trip to Alaska .
It 's a truly spectacular area , featuring the majestic 20,320 - ft/6,299 - m Mount McKinley ( many Alaskans prefer the Tanaina name , Denali ) , the tallest mountain in North America .
More than 155 species of birds and 37 species of mammals , including Dall sheep , caribou , grizzly bears , moose and wolves , inhabit the park .
The landscape is at its most verdant during July and August .
Beautiful fall colors ( and fewer travelers ) can be found in early September .
The park is best seen as a three - night stop , especially if you are taking the train between Fairbanks and Anchorage .
From mid-May to mid-September , the park offers interpretive talks and walks with guides , and all - day bus tours take visitors deep into the park .
Be aware that the park road is restricted to tour - and shuttle - bus traffic for most of its 90 - mi /145 - km length .
Book bus tours in advance :
They fill up fast .
Other park activities and facilities include fishing , river rafting , horseback riding and dogsledding demonstrations .
Backcountry permits are available .
Reservations need to be made months in advance to stay at the park 's single lodge .
Other lodging is available just outside the park 's entrance , where you will also find restaurants and private parks for recreational vehicles .
Weather in Denali is extremely variable .
Often changes in weather occur without warning .
Many of our rangers tell visitors to expect sun , wind , rain , and clouds , and expect them all on the same day .
Average summer temperatures range from 33 to 75 degrees Fahrenheit .
While we hope it does n't , it has been known to snow in July , so be prepared .
Wearing layers of clothing makes it easy to regulate your body temperature .
Also , you 'll find that a good waterproof raincoat is invaluable .
Winters can be extremely cold with temperatures ranging from - 40 degrees Fahrenheit and below to high 20s on warm days .
Specialized cold weather gear is necessary for mountaineering and winter visits .
A class action is being launched against the Federal Government by a group of Australian veterans of British atomic tests in the 1950s and 1960s .
They are seeking compensation for ill health as a result of exposure to the tests at Maralinga in South Australia 's far west .
Their action follows a court ruling in Britain which has allowed veterans there to sue the British Government .
Ric Johnstone from the Australian Nuclear Veterans Association says many veterans have already died , but they are determined to press on with the court case .
" We could be long gone by the time it comes to a conclusion , but we 're concerned mostly about our offspring and some of those will still be around in 40 or 50 years to come , we hope , " he said .
" And if they have any problems related to the exposure of their parents , then that should be covered by the Federal Government .
" Of the seven of us who started the Association , I 'm the only one still living and most of the people I worked with at Maralinga and who lived at camp 43 have died of radiation - related cancer and / or other radiogenic diseases , which the Government does not recognise . "
If Everyone Could Trim a Beard …
A headline in our local paper screams : “ Barbers , Cosmetologists in Turf War Over Shaving . ”
The question is where sideburns end and beards begin .
In Texas , only barbers are licensed to trim beards , and they are unhappy that cosmetologists are cutting into their market .
This fight illustrates the effects of occupational licensing — legal restrictions on workers ’ ability to enter certain markets .
Barbers have benefited over the years from the exclusion of cosmetologists in what was essentially a restriction on supply .
Along with the high entry costs ( nearly a year of required training ) , this has raised the equilibrium wage of barbers — and the equilibrium price of a haircut .
Licensing of medical doctors , where the consumer lacks information on quality , might be sensible .
But barbers and cosmetologists ?
As one party to this controversy noted , “ Most of the rules are so archaic and pathetic .
They ’re prehistoric . ”
True — and it ’s the consumer who suffers .
The Guardian can reveal evidence today of a massive cover - up by the British oil trader Trafigura , in one of the worst pollution disasters in recent history .
Internal emails show that Trafigura , which yesterday suddenly announced an offer to pay compensation to 31,000 west African victims , was fully aware that its waste dumped in Ivory Coast was so toxic that it was banned in Europe .
Thousands of west Africans besieged local hospitals in 2006 , and a number died , after the dumping of hundreds of tonnes of highly toxic oil waste around the country 's capital , Abidjan .
Official local autopsy reports on 12 alleged victims appeared to show fatal levels of the poisonous gas hydrogen sulphide , one of the waste 's lethal byproducts .
Trafigura has been publicly insisting for three years that its waste was routine and harmless .
It claims it was " absolutely not dangerous " .
It has until now denied compensation claims , and its lawyers repeatedly threatened anyone worldwide who sought to contradict its version .
It launched a libel case against BBC Newsnight , forced an alleged correction from the Times , demanded the Guardian delete articles , and yesterday tried to gag journalists in the Netherlands and Norway with legal threats .
But the dozens of damning internal Trafigura emails which have now come to light reveal how traders were told in advance that their planned chemical operation , a cheap and dirty process called " caustic washing " , generated such dangerous wastes that it was widely outlawed in the west .
The documents reveal that the London - based traders hoped to make profits of $ 7 m a time by buying up what they called " bloody cheap " cargoes of sulphur - contaminated Mexican gasoline .
They decided to try to process the fuel on board a tanker anchored offshore , creating toxic waste they called " slops " .
One trader wrote on 10 March 2006 : " I do n't know how we dispose of the slops and I do n't imply we would dump them , but for sure , there must be some way to pay someone to take them . "
The resulting black , stinking , slurry was eventually dumped around landfills in Abidjan , after Trafigura paid an unqualified local man to take it away in tanker trucks at a cheap rate .
Trafigura 's libel lawyers , Carter - Ruck , recently demanded the Guardian deleted published articles , saying it was " gravely defamatory " and " untrue " to say Trafigura 's waste had been dumped cheaply and could have caused deaths and serious injuries .
The Dutch paper Volkskrant and Norwegian TV said they were yesterday also threatened with gagging actions Trafigura also launched a libel action against the BBC's Newsnight , complaining it had been wrongly accused of causing deaths , disfigurement and miscarriages , and had " suffered serious damage to their reputation " .
The BBC filed a fighting defence this week , accusing Trafigura of knowing its chemicals were " highly toxic , potentially lethal and posed a serious risk to public health " .
The broadcaster also alleged a cover - up , saying Trafigura 's denials " lack credibility and candour " .
The UN human rights special rapporteur , Professor Okechukwu Ibeanu , criticised Trafigura for potentially " stifling independent reporting and public criticism " in a report the oil trader tried and failed to prevent being published in Geneva this week .
He wrote : " According to official estimates , there were 15 deaths , 69 persons hospitalised and more than 108,000 medical consultations … there seems to be strong prima facie evidence that the reported deaths and adverse health consequences are related to the dumping . "
Trafigura 's lobbyists , Bell Pottinger , claimed to be " appalled " by the report , saying it was " premature " , " inaccurate " , " potentially damaging " , " poorly researched " , and " deeply flawed " .
Yesterday Greenpeace launched a legal action in Amsterdam calling for the oil firm to be prosecuted there for homicide or grievous bodily harm .
It said : " This intentional pollution … has caused many people to suffer serious injuries and has even led to death . "
Trafigura said it " utterly rejected " claims of a cover-up .
" Every statement that has been made … has been made in good faith " .
The firm said the autopsy reports were unreliable and that hydrogen sulphide in the waste was only there in " potential " form .
It had never actually been released .
It said the emails contained " crude and distasteful " language , but had been taken " out of context " and should " not be taken literally " .
It repeated denials that the slops could have caused death or serious injury , and were highly toxic .
It denied lying about the composition of the slops .
A sudden public announcement about the settlement offer in the compensation case followed legal attempts yesterday to prevent publication of Trafigura documents .
The compensation deal is likely to be confirmed imminently , according to Martyn Day , a senior partner at the British law firm Leigh Day , which has brought one of the biggest group actions in legal history , seeking damages of £ 100m .
He said today in Abidjan , where he has been negotiating the settlement : " The claimants are very pleased . "
Trafigura said the deal – for an undisclosed amount – was likely to be acceptable to most if not all of the claimants .
It was based on an acceptance that the company had no liability for the most serious deaths and injuries alleged in the dumping scandal .
Trafigura says it is the world 's third - biggest private oil trader , and declared a $ 440 m profit last year .
Its 200 traders are reported to receive annual bonuses of up to $ 1 m each .
South Africa has an annual murder rate of 18,000 South Africa 's ruling African National Congress has condemned as " racist " a decision by Canada to grant a white South African man refugee status .
Brandon Huntley , 31 , had told officials in Canada he could not return to South Africa after seven different attacks .
They included three stabbings , which he said he had suffered as a result of his skin colour .
His lawyer said he was granted asylum because the South African authorities were unable to protect their citizens .
But ANC spokesman Brian Sokutu told the BBC that the decision would " only serve to perpetuate racism " in South Africa .
SOUTH AFRICA'S RACIAL GROUPS Black : 80 % White : 9 % Coloured ( Mixed race ) : 9 % Asian : 2 %
Rainbow nation - dream or reality ?
" We take this matter very seriously because it has something to do with tarnishing the image of the country , " he said .
Race is a sensitive issue in the country , still scarred by decades of white - minority rule , which ended in 1994 .
Hundreds of thousands of white South Africans have left the country since the end of apartheid , many citing rising crime and the difficulty of finding jobs .
' Alarming ' Mr Sokutu said President Jacob Zuma was committed to fighting crime in South Africa , which has an annual murder rate of 18,000 , but not on the basis of colour .
South African views on the Brandon Huntley race row
In pictures
" We 're committed to creating a stable and safe environment for all South Africans , regardless of the colour of their skin and we think that dealing with crime along racial lines can only serve to divide the South African nation , " he told the BBC's World Today programme .
Canada 's Immigration and Refugee Board ruled last week that Mr Huntley could stay in Canada .
Canada 's Ottawa
Sun newspaper quoted the panel 's chairman , William Davis , as saying he would stand out like a " sore thumb " due to his colour in any part of South Africa .
Mr Huntley 's lawyer Russell Kaplan said the asylum was granted because of discrimination - not only over crime - but also because as a white man he would find it difficult to get a job .
" The big question throughout was - was this just an act of criminality or was there a racial motivation ?
And every single time there was evidence that they were not just victims of criminality , that there was a racial component in the incidents , " he told the BBC's Network Africa programme .
Bridgette Lightfoot of Homecoming Revolution , which encourages white South Africans to return home , disputed the claims .
" I myself have lived overseas for six years and I 've been back for eight months and we really do n't feel there 's this racial prejudice against white people , " she told the BBC .
Sympathy The South African Institute of Race Relations said the country does still face racial challenges .
Race is a sensitive issue in the country still scarred by white - minority rule
But in a statement the institute 's deputy head Frans Cronje said he found the reports of " the persecution of white South Africans to be largely without foundation . "
On the streets of Johannesburg , opinions were mixed about the case .
" Thugs attack you because they believe you have something they want , " said Diketso Lekhelebane .
" There is still the perception that white people have money all the time maybe that 's why he was targeted . "
" As a white South African I understand and support the basis for affirmative action but as a mother of three I 'm concerned about my children 's future and what kind of jobs they will get , " university lecturer Tracey McKay told the BBC .
White people still dominate Africa 's biggest economy , with average living standards far higher than for other racial groups .
But some complain they are being deprived of jobs by the government 's black affirmative action programme .
The government says this is needed to help the black majority recover from years of discrimination during apartheid .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
When I complained about the problem , I promptly outlined some ideas about solving it , vaguely .
Now , I want to narrow that outline into systems I actually use .
I do most of my work with Django , some hobby time is spent with App Engine and Twisted , and I enjoy Amazon Web Services , so I 'm thinking from these perspectives when I approach this .
Parts one and two were broad , but some of this might only apply to fewer of you .
Either ignore those or adapt to whatever you use .
Django 's cache layer sucks .
Simply stated and simply true .
Any time I decide I can cache something , I should ask myself if I could have built it before I even had the request in the first place .
Doing that with the template caches simply is n't possible .
It should be possible and it should be the first path you take , instead of forcing us to go out of our way to do the better thing .
Anything I might want to cache , I also might want to be sure I 'm not doing in more place than once , and forcing them inline in my templates does not help this .
The template caches imply a copy - and - paste method of reuse when a cached portion is used in more place than one .
When I define a cache block , I name it and I specify a set of keys .
This is exactly the information , that when changed , I should just generate that block as a static snippet to be inserted .
If it were n't for the lacking in reuse mechanics , I would advocate parsing all your templates for cache blocks and pre-generating them .
Instead , we need to pull the cached contents out of the normal templates and use the existing names and keys to find the generated snippets .
On the more basic level , there are some abstractions that need to be injected into Django - proper to really be useful , by means of what they would standardize .
We have no current means of standardizing our cache keys in a way that different applications can cooperate about what data is where and how to get it .
Even the types that are taken for granted in Django have no useful standards .
If they did , I would be able to drop a QuerySet object into the cache in a way that another query can find to reuse .
And , when memcached is by far the most likely cache backend to be used , we would be providing a mechanism that abstracted away its limitations in entry size , allowing us to trust dropping our QuerySet in safely .
Denormalization should be normal .
I have revision tracking in a document system , and from a normalization perspective it makes sense that each version hold a foreign key to either its previous or next version , but not both .
From a practicality perspective , if I have one version I want to know the previous and next versions without doing a new query .
Our Resources might offer a solution , by giving us some place outside of our model to allow denormalized data .
I could generate a record of my documents with all the revision information queried and built and stored in one flat record , while keeping my base model clean .
Queuing work should be as accessible as doing work .
There is little or nothing inhibiting a developing from dropping one little query or action into an existing operation .
I 've recently built a weighted sort to replace our basic date and time based order for posts .
This means generating scores for all the posts and updating those when posts or votes change .
Now , whenever we calculate scores we account for the age of all votes and the relative scores and age of all posts and votes together .
In other words , this is something I 'd prefer not to add to the cost of a user actually posting content or voting on something .
It would have been extremely easy for me to call one generate_scores ( ) function , but it takes thought , planning , and infrastructure to have this done after the request is handled .
Borrowing from existing Python canon makes sense , so I think multiprocessing is a candidate for use here , in one form or another .
multiprocessing.Pool.apply_async( ) without a result returned fits the bill for an interface to call some function at another time , possibly in another process .
Any function that works when passed through multiprocessing into another process should also work when queued up for execution at some later time , so borrowing here reusing existing semantics developers should be familiar with .
Labels
Straight from the horse 's mouth :
" The UFC has done a lot for me but I think I have done more for them … this movie role came about that I have been trying to get for over a year & as soon as I found out I was close to getting it , I called Dana right away & asked to push the Memphis fight back just a month or so .
I told him what this movie role meant to me .
I told him that I used to bond with my father watching the tv show as a kid when my parents where still married & it represents the memories I had with my father when we lived together .
My dad became an alcohalic & addicted to drugs & we grew apart .
But after my dad got his life back together , I was so proud of my dad & I told him I would always take care of him in the future & make him proud of me .
My dad & I are still very big fans of the show & I am basically doing this for the childhood memories I had spending time in front of the tv with my dad .
Dana went on the internet & mocked me because of that & I still did nothing .
Dana &
I finally talked & we made up & then after that he went back on the internet & said some bullshit & he was talking bad about the movie when information is not even supposed to be released & talking about payments which is not even true could really hurt my future acting career , which could very well last longer than my fighting career .
I ’m not like Randy Couture .
My body has been getting so many different injuries that I wont be able to fight until my forties & neither do I want to fight that long .
So I feel like my second career could be in jeopardy .. so I ’m done fighting .
I ’ve been getting negative reviews from the dumb ass fans that do n’t pay my bills or put my kids though college .
So I ’m hanging it up .
I ’m gonna miss all my loyal fans but hopefully they ’ll follow me to my new career & I will gain more loyal fans along the way .
& all you hater fans out there can kiss my big black hairy ass !
& anybody that do n’t like what I just said can come try to kick my ass !
I still feel the UFC is a great organization and I felt like I was very loyal to them but they did n’t respect my loyalty but I wish the UFC the best .
I did a lot of things for them .
I wish no bad blood between us but I have kids & a family back in Memphis to provide for & thats all that matters to me ! "
Cosmos Firma
Ancient mariners sought terra firma―new lands , new continents .
Einstein , with his relativistic vision of space - time as a pliable fabric that can bend and stretch , allowed modern astronomers to recast the terrestrial search into a quest for cosmos firma .
Glued together by the genius physicist , space and time have become cosmic real estate to be appraised , mapped , and scrutinized .
In a victory for Republicans and the Obama administration ’s conservative critics , Van Jones resigned as the White House ’s environmental jobs “ czar ” on Saturday .
Controversy over Mr. Jones ’s past comments and affiliations has slowly escalated over several weeks , erupting on Friday with calls for his resignation .
Appointed as a special adviser for “ green jobs ” by President Obama , Mr. Jones did not go through the traditional vetting process for administration officials who must be confirmed by the Senate .
So it was not until recently that some of Mr. Jones ’s past actions received broad airing , including his derogatory statements about Republicans in February and his signature on a 2004 letter suggesting that former President George W. Bush might have knowingly allowed the Sept. 11 , 2001 , attacks to occur in order to use them as a “ pre-text to war . ”
Image Van Jones speaking at a conference in Las Vegas last month .
Credit ... Ethan Miller / Getty Images
Mr. Jones ’s involvement in the 1990s with a group called Standing Together to Organize a Revolutionary Movement prompted recent accusations by conservative critics that he associated with Communists .
The group , according to a post - mortem written by some of its founders , was an anti-capitalist , antiwar organization committed to achieving “ solidarity among all oppressed peoples ” with “ direct militant action . ”
Here ’s a simple parable for climate change :
A large group of kids has congregated out on the sidewalk in front of their school .
It started with just a few friends , showing off their latest video game .
But the crowd grew , and now completely blocks the sidewalk .
A guy in a wheelchair wants to pass , but can’t .
The kids are so wrapped up in their own interests that they do n’t even notice that together they have completely blocked the sidewalk .
Further along the street there is a busy pub .
The lunchtime crowd has spilled out on to the sidewalk , and now has become so big that again the sidewalk is blocked .
When the guy in the wheelchair wants to pass , quite a few people in the crowd recognize the problem , and they try to squeeze out of the way .
But individually , none of them can make much difference to the blockage – there are just too many people there .
They shrug their shoulders and apologise to the guy in the wheelchair .
In both cases , the blockages are not caused by individuals , and can not be solved by individuals .
The blockage is an emergent property of the crowd of people as a whole , and only occurs when the crowd grows to a certain size .
In the first case , the members of the crowd remain blissfully unaware of the problem .
In the second case , many people do recognise the problem , but cannot , on their own , do much about it .
It would take concerted , systematic action by everyone in the crowd to clear a suitable passage .
Understanding the problem and wanting to do something about it is not sufficient to solve it – the entire crowd has to take coordinated action .
And if some members of the crowd are more like the kids , unable to recognise the problem , no solution is possible .
Share this : Pinterest
Facebook
Twitter
Google
Reddit
LinkedIn
Tumblr
Print
Email
The ombudsman explains : when other countries do it , it 's torture ; when the US does it , because we 're not doing it for political repression , it is n't torture .
Even if the techniques are identical .
This is the policy of the entire MSM .
Again : it is n't journalism .
It 's government propaganda .
And they revel in it .
The New York Times has not responded in any way to my own exhaustive exposure of their identical double - standard .
For the NYT , the two countries that cannot be accused of torture are Israel and the US .
Surprise !
Check out the post if you missed it .
It goes back decades to reveal how the NYT stopped using the word " torture " for " torture " in their reporting as soon as Israel started doing it and the Bush administration later adopted the same techniques - hooding , forced nudity , hypothermia , stress positions , dietary manipulation , etc .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Some 5,000 patients suddenly found themselves without an ob / gyn last November when Dr. Tara Wah closed her practice in Tallahassee , Fla .
Wah , 55 , informed her patients in a letter that she could " no longer afford to make ends meet . "
After 24 years , " I 'm working longer hours than ever , " she wrote .
" Insurance payments for patient care have stayed virtually the same for the last 15 years , while the cost of doing business , including health insurance , staff salaries and supplies have risen . "
The rising cost of malpractice insurance , particularly for her specialty , was the straw that broke the camel 's back .
" My malpractice insurance was $ 125,000 a year , and going up , " said Wah .
" The only way to get the extra money was to cut back on my salary . "
But it was n't always like that .
Being a doctor was once thought to be a path to a cushy lifestyle .
Six years after she started practicing , Wah hit her " peak " income year in 1990 .
Then she took a pay cut every year from 1993 onward , to eventually take no salary for two months prior to permanently shutting her office .
Wasted skills
Wah no longer practices medicine .
Instead , she designs and repairs jewelry .
" I feel guilty .
I dream about [ medicine ] , " she said . " [ But ] I am so angry .
I think , ' What a waste of my training . ' "
Wah 's situation sheds light on a troubling trend of physicians leaving medicine for a career outside of health care , said Kurt Mosley , a staffing expert with Merritt Hawkins & Associates , a physician search and consulting firm .
A first - ever survey of 12,000 primary care physicians conducted last October by Merritt Hawkins and the Physicians ' Foundation , an organization that represent the interests of physicians , showed that 10.1 % of respondents planned to seek a job outside of health care in the next one to three years .
" That is a big number .
It 's just very sad , " said Mosley , especially in light of the shortage of primary care doctors in the United States today .
The American Medical Association said it is aware of this trend , citing the survey , but said it does not have data to show how many doctors have already prematurely exited the profession .
Regardless ,
Mosley said it 's a waste of training , skill , talent and money when a doctor leaves the profession in mid-career .
It takes a minimum of 10 to 12 years of training to become a doctor .
In Wah 's case , she underwent 10 years of training , including medical school and residency , before she entered the workforce .
While some enter medicine because they believe it pays well , most choose it as a career because they feel it 's their calling .
" For many it 's not about the money .
They have a passion for it , to take care of people , " said Mosley .
" It 's not easy to feel that passionately for another career after medicine . "
Waste of taxpayer money
It 's also a waste of taxpayer money when a physician opts out .
" We are all paying out of our pockets to produce doctors , " said Mosley .
That 's because medical residency programs are mostly funded by Medicare to the tune of $ 9 billion to train about 100,000 residents annually , according to the Medicare Payment Advisory Commission .
" It 's Medicare that funds hospital costs to house residency programs , pay salaries of residents and sometimes pay faculties ' salaries , " said Mosley .
Dr. Patricia Perry , 44 , a dermatologist based in Burbank , Calif. , operates a solo practice .
She mostly performs medical procedures such as skin biopsies .
Perry said she 's " seeking to get out " of her profession because she 's fed up with insurance reimbursement challenges while struggling to cover other costs associated with being a doctor .
" When you get to a point where you feel unappreciated and you 're arguing with people about being paid , it takes away the passion for what you do , " Perry said .
Daryl Richard , a spokesman for insurer UnitedHealthcare ( UHC ) , said his company is taking steps to address some of providers ' concerns .
" We agree 100 % that there is too much paperwork " tied to reimbursement claims , he said .
Richard said UnitedHealthcare offers a Web - based application to all of its providers that will enable the company to adjudicate claims to determine a reimbursement and a patient 's out - of - pocket expense " by the time the patient makes it to the ( doctor 's ) front desk . "
" This takes away some of the unknown for both providers and consumers , " he added .
Perry pays $ 2,500 a year in malpractice insurance .
" I am licensed in three states .
To maintain my license I have to pay a fee every one to two years in each state , " she said .
She also pays a considerable amount of money every year to attend annual trade conferences required by her specialty to update and hone her skills .
She said many physicians are scared to speak out about their money woes because they do n't want to be perceived as " greedy . "
" I have news for you .
You are already being perceived that way , " she said .
Dr. Kenneth Cohn , a general surgeon with an MBA who tours the country advising doctors on non-clinical job options , says there 's a high - level of angst among U.S. physicians .
" There 's absolutely a greater number who are looking for other job opportunities , " he said .
It 's a reality that we have to deal with , Cohn said .
The implication of it on the health care system , he said , is that doctors may have to increasingly use nurse practitioners and physicians assistants to fill in the gaps .
They may also need to look to newer delivery concepts such as medical homes , in which doctor take more of a managerial role in a patient 's health care .
' Insurance company is dictating what I do '
Dr. Douglas Evans , 50 , a pediatrician based in St. Joseph , Mo. , said he 's considering a mid-career change if insurer - provider relations are n't reformed .
" I had a young football player in my office [ this week ] .
His symptoms indicate a problem with his neck , " he said in an example .
" But I have to get authorization from his insurance company first to get an X - ray or an MRI .
It 's an example of how insurance companies dictate to me what I have to do . "
Evans is frustrated that this process will delay treatment by several days .
" My first concern is that he 's young and has his career in front of him , " he said .
" My second concern is that there 's a predatory lawyer out there , " meaning that if his patient 's condition worsens while he waits to get authorization , it could expose him to a malpractice suit .
And Evans said insufficient reimbursement from insurers is posing a heavy financial burden on his practice .
" You ca n't go to Wal - Mart ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) and pay half the price for a loaf of bread and take the whole bread , " he said .
Still , he said many doctors have a hard time turning away patients for this reason alone , and end up absorbing the costs .
He warns that unless things improve , only those providers who can't afford to do something else will be left in the system .
" I am looking for something that 's still science related , like teaching biology at a university , " said Evans .
Wah is disillusioned and disappointed , but maybe not completely bitter .
" For the young doctors who are just getting started , I want to say do n't give up , " she said .
" After taking some time off , I might be able to do some volunteer work , " she said .
" I do love medicine , but I 'm not [ mentally ] in a place right now to come back . "
KDE 4.3.0 Caizen Release Announcement
KDE Community Delivers Incremental Innovations With New KDE 4.3 Release
Also available in : English
KDE 4.3 ( Codename : " Caizen " ) Delivers Incremental Innovations to the Free Desktop Users and Software Developers
4 August , 2009 .
The KDE Community today announces the immediate availability of " Caizen " , ( a.k.a KDE 4.3 ) , bringing many improvements to the user experience and development platform .
KDE 4.3 continues to refine the unique features brought in previous releases while bringing new innovations .
With the 4.2 release aimed at the majority of end users , KDE 4.3 offers a more stable and complete product for the home and small office .
The KDE 4.3 Desktop The KDE 4.3 Desktop
The KDE community has fixed over 10,000 bugs and implemented almost 2,000 feature requests in the last 6 months .
Close to 63,000 changes were checked in by a little under 700 contributors .
Read on for an overview of the changes in the KDE 4.3 Desktop Workspace , Application Suites and the KDE 4.3 Development Platform .
Desktop Improves Performance And Usability
The KDE Desktop Workspace provides a powerful and complete desktop experience that features excellent integration with Linux and UNIX operating systems .
The key components that make up the KDE Desktop Workspace include :
KWin , a powerful window manager that provides modern 3D graphical effects
, a powerful window manager that provides modern 3D graphical effects
The Plasma Desktop Shell , a cutting - edge desktop and panels system that features productivity enhancements and online integration through customizable widgets
, a cutting - edge desktop and panels system that features productivity enhancements and online integration through customizable widgets Dolphin , a user - friendly , network - and content - aware file manager
, a user - friendly , network - and content - aware file manager KRunner , a search and launch system for running commands and finding useful information
, a search and launch system for running commands and finding useful information easy access to desktop and system controls through SystemSettings .
The Plasma Desktop
Shell introduces a new default theme , Air .
Air looks much lighter and fits better with the default application theme .
Plasma also has seen large performance improvements .
Memory usage has been reduced , and animations are smoother .
Activities can now be tied to virtual desktops , allowing users to have different widgets on each of their desktops .
Furthermore , Plasma has improved upon its job and notification management .
Running jobs are grouped in a single progress bar to prevent the popup of too many dialogs .
Animations are used to signify that jobs are still running by smoothly sliding dialogs into the systemtray and animating the notification icon .
Smaller changes in Plasma include fully configurable keyboard shortcuts and more extensive keyboard navigation , the ability to create a plasma widget when you drag or copy content on the desktop and many new and improved Plasma widgets .
The folderview widget now allows the user to peek into a folder by hovering it and the new Translatoid widget translates words and sentences right on your desktop using Google Translate .
Furthermore , KRunner made its plugin features easier to discover by having a ' help ' button showing the syntax of commands in the result area .
Actions also have a small configuration allowing for example to start applications under another user account .
Web integration in KDE 4.3 Web integration in KDE 4.3
The file manager Dolphin shows small previews of files within a folder and video thumbnails to help the user identify items .
The trash can now be configured from the Dolphin Settings menu , and various configurable limitations on the trash size help make sure the disk does not fill up with deleted files .
The menu which is shown on a right mouseclick on a item is configurable and the configuration dialog in general has been redesigned to be easier to use .
The new network :/ location shows other computers and services on the network ( currently limited to those announced by DNS - SD / zeroconf protocols , more will be supported in future versions ) .
and video thumbnails to help the user identify items .
The from the Dolphin Settings menu , and various configurable limitations on the trash size help make sure the disk does not fill up with deleted files .
The menu which is shown on a right mouseclick on a item is configurable and the configuration dialog in general has been redesigned to be .
The new shows other computers and services on the network ( currently limited to those announced by DNS - SD / zeroconf protocols , more will be supported in future versions ) .
Further refinements to the workspace tools make it easier to work with your computer .
A faster SystemSettings introduces an optional treeview for the configuration and several improvements to settingsdialogs .
New effects like ' Sheet ' and " Slide Back " and better performance in KWin make window management more smooth , while integration with the Plasma themes creates a more consistent look .
Klipper , a tool which keeps a history of things copied to the clipboard , can now act intelligently on the content .
It automatically determines a list of applications which can handle a object copied to the clipboard and allows the user to start them right away .
A screencast featuring some of the above mentioned improvements A screencast featuring some of the above mentioned improvements ( Ogg Theora version )
Applications Leap Forward
Below you can find a short list of improvements to the KDE Desktop Workspace .
A great number of sophisticated applications are provided by the KDE community which take full advantage of the powerful KDE Application Framework .
A selection of these applications are included in the KDE Software Distribution , divided up by category into various Application Suites .
These include :
KDE Network Applications
KDE Multimedia
KDE Graphics Tools
KDE PIM Suite ( for personal information management and communication )
KDE Educational Applications
KDE Games
KDE Utilities
KDE Software Development Platform
Together they form a comprehensive set of desktop essentials that run on most modern operating systems .
Below you will find a selection of improvements to some of these Application Suites .
The KDE Utilities have seen many improvements .
Among other things , KGpg , the privacy tool used for encryption and signing files and emails integrates Solid for detecting the availability of a network connection and has improved its key import dialog .
Ark , a file compression and decompression application now supports LZMA / XZ , has improved support for zip , rar and 7zip and works better with drag 'n ' drop .
KDELirc , a frontend for the Linux Infrared Remote Control system ( LIRC ) , has been ported to KDE 4 and is included again .
Okteta , the KDE hex editor gained a checksum tool , a filesystem browser sideview and a bookmarks sidebar .
Lokalize , the KDE translation tool , introduces support for scripts , new fileformats and the translation of ODF documents .
have seen many improvements .
Among other things , , the privacy tool used for encryption and signing files and emails for detecting the availability of a network connection and has improved its . , a file compression and decompression application now , has improved support for zip , rar and 7zip and works better with drag 'n ' drop .
KDELirc , a frontend for the ( LIRC ) , has been ported to KDE 4 and is included again . , the KDE hex editor gained a a filesystem browser sideview and a bookmarks sidebar . , the KDE translation tool , introduces support for scripts , new fileformats and the .
The KDE games now use a similar Egyptian - style theme in many of the games .
KGoldrunner introduces a new game , " Curse of the Mummy " and improves gameplay with more accurate pause , resume and recording and replaying of games .
KMahjongg introduces 70 new user - submitted levels and a new game , KTron , has been introduced .
Some games introduced new features like the Vaporizer action in Killbots and a better AI in Bovo .
Thanks to work on file loading and saving the state of scalable images many games start and run faster .
now use a similar in many of the games .
KGoldrunner introduces a new game , and improves gameplay with more accurate pause , resume and recording and replaying of games .
KMahjongg introduces 70 new user - submitted levels and a , KTron , has been introduced .
Some games introduced like the Vaporizer action in Killbots and a better AI in Bovo .
Thanks to work on file loading and saving the state of scalable images many games
The KDE Personal Information Management applications have seen improvements in various area 's like performance and stability .
Instant messenger Kopete introduces an improved contact list and KOrganizer can sync with Google Calendar .
Kmail supports inserting inline images into email and the Alarm notifier gained export functionality , drag and drop and has an improved configuration .
Some Egyptian themes Some Egyptian themes
In case something goes wrong with a KDE application and it crashes , the new Bug Report Tool will make it easier for the user to contribute to the stability of KDE .
The bug report tool provides a three - star rating of the quality of the data it gathered on the crash .
It also gives hints on how to improve the quality of the crash data and the bug report itself while guiding the user through the process of reporting .
During the Beta cycles for this release the new bug report tool has already proven itself by the increased quality of bug reports .
Platform Accelerates Development
The KDE community brings many innovations for application developers to the forefront in the KDE Application Development Framework .
Building on the strengths of Nokia 's Qt library , this integrated and consistent framework has been crafted in direct response to the needs of real - world application developers .
The KDE Application Development Framework helps developers create robust applications efficiently by streamlining the complexity and tedious tasks usually associated with application development .
Its use by KDE applications provides a compelling showcase for its flexibility and utility .
Liberally licensed under the LGPL ( allowing for both proprietary and open source development ) and cross-platform ( Linux , UNIX , Mac and MS Windows ) , it contains among other things a powerful component model ( KParts ) , network transparent data access ( KIO ) and flexible configuration management .
Dozens of useful widgets ranging from file dialogs to font selectors are provided and the framework also offers semantic search integration ( Nepomuk ) , hardware awareness ( Solid ) and multimedia access ( Phonon ) .
Read on for a list of improvements to the KDE Application Development Framework .
The KDE 4.3 Application Development Framework introduces the beginnings of Social Desktop integration , bringing the worldwide Free Software community to the desktop .
Offering an open collaboration , sharing and communication platform , the Social Desktop initiative aims to allow people to share their knowledge without giving up control to an external organisation .
The platform currently offers a DataEngine for plasma applets supporting aspects of Social Desktop .
, the Social Desktop initiative aims to allow people to share their knowledge without giving up control to an external organisation .
The platform currently offers a for plasma applets supporting aspects of Social Desktop .
The new system tray protocol developed in collaboration with the Free Desktop initiative is a long - overdue overhaul of the old systray specification .
The old systemtray using small embedded windows did not allow for any kind of control by the systemtray over its contents , limiting the flexibility for the user and application developer at the same time .
While the new systemtray supports both the old and new standard , application developers are encouraged to upgrade their applications to the new specifications .
For more information check this blog or find more information on TechBase .
developed in collaboration with the Free Desktop initiative is a long - overdue overhaul of the old systray specification .
The old systemtray using small embedded windows did not allow for any kind of control by the systemtray over its contents , limiting the flexibility for the user and application developer at the same time .
While the new systemtray supports both the old and new standard , application developers are encouraged to upgrade their applications to the new specifications .
For more information check this blog or find more information on TechBase .
The Plasma Desktop
Shell introduces a Geolocation DataEngine using libgps and HostIP which allows plasmoids to easily respond to the location of the user .
Other new DataEngines provide access to Akonadi resources ( including mail and calendar ) , Nepomuk metadata and keyboard state besides the various improvements to existing DataEngines .
Read about using and discovering DataEngines on TechBase .
using libgps and HostIP which allows plasmoids to easily respond to the location of the user .
Other provide access to ( including mail and calendar ) , Nepomuk metadata and keyboard state besides the various improvements to existing DataEngines .
Read about using and discovering DataEngines on TechBase .
The KDE Application Development Framework introduces a Policy Kit wrapper making it easy for developers who want their application to perform privileged actions in a secure , consistent and easy way .
Provided are an authorization manager and an authentication agent , and an easy library for developers to use .
Read here on TechBase for a tutorial !
making it easy for developers who want their application to perform privileged actions in a secure , consistent and easy way .
Provided are an authorization manager and an authentication agent , and an easy library for developers to use .
Read here on TechBase for a tutorial !
Akonadi , the Free Desktop PIM storage solution has been deemed ready for more widespread usage .
Besides the availability of the DataEngine for plasma , application developers are encouraged to have a look at the TechBase page if their application needs access to or store chat logs , email , blogs , contacts , or any other kind of personal data .
As a cross - desktop technology Akonadi can provide access to any kind of data and is designed to handle high volumes , thus allowing for a wide range of usecases .
Social desktop and other online services in action Social desktop and other online services in action
More changes
As mentioned , the above is just a selection of the changes and improvements to the KDE Desktop Workspace , KDE Application Suites and KDE Application Development Framework .
A more comprehensive yet still incomplete list can be found in the KDE 4.3 feature plan on TechBase .
Information about applications developed by the KDE community outside of the KDE Application Suites can be found on KDE family webpage and on the kde - apps website .
The Marble developers from the KDE Edu team have released Marble 0.8 with KDE 4.3 and compiled an extended visual changelog on their website .
Spread the Word and See What Happens
The KDE Community encourages everybody to spread the word on the Social Web .
Submit stories to news sites , use channels like delicious , digg , reddit , twitter , identi.ca .
Upload screenshots to services like Facebook , FlickR , ipernity and Picasa and post them to appropriate groups .
Create screencasts and upload them to YouTube , Blip.tv , Vimeo and others .
Do not forget to tag uploaded material with the tag kde so it is easier for everybody to find the material , and for the KDE team to compile reports of coverage for the KDE 4.3 announcement .
Help us spreading the word , be part of it !
Installing KDE 4.3.0
KDE , including all its libraries and its applications , is available for free under Open Source licenses .
KDE software runs on various hardware configurations , operating systems and works with any kind of windowmanager or desktop environment .
Besides Linux and other UNIX based operating systems you can find Microsoft Windows versions of most KDE applications on the KDE on Windows site and Apple Mac OS X versions on the KDE on Mac site .
Experimental builds of KDE applications for various mobile platforms like MS Windows Mobile and Symbian can be found on the web but are currently unsupported .
KDE can be obtained in source and various binary formats from http://download.kde.org and can also be obtained on CD - ROM or with any of the major GNU / Linux and UNIX systems shipping today .
Packagers .
Some Linux / UNIX OS vendors have kindly provided binary packages of KDE 4.3.0 for some versions of their distribution , and in other cases community volunteers have done so .
Some of these binary packages are available for free download from KDE 's http://download.kde.org.
Additional binary packages , as well as updates to the packages now available , will become available over the coming weeks .
Most performance problems with the NVidia binary graphics driver have been resolved in the latest releases of the driver available from NVidia .
However due to recent changes in the graphics stack on linux , certain software and hardware configurations might still encounter issues with drawing speed and general slowness .
Please contact your distribution vendor or driver developers if you encounter issues .
Package Locations .
For a current list of available binary packages of which the KDE Project has been informed , please visit the KDE 4.3.0 Info Page .
Compiling KDE 4.3.0
The complete source code for KDE 4.3.0 may be freely downloaded .
Instructions on compiling and installing KDE 4.3.0 are available from the KDE 4.3.0 Info Page .
* Operating systems and trademarks mentioned on this page are property of their respective owners .
About KDE
KDE is an international technology team that creates free and open source software for desktop and portable computing .
Among KDE 's products are a modern desktop system for Linux and UNIX platforms , comprehensive office productivity and groupware suites and hundreds of software titles in many categories including Internet and web applications , multimedia , entertainment , educational , graphics and software development .
KDE software is translated into more than 60 languages and is built with ease of use and modern accessibility principles in mind .
KDE 's full - featured applications run natively on Linux , BSD , Solaris , Windows and macOS .
Trademark Notices .
KDE ® and the K Desktop Environment® logo are registered trademarks of KDE e.V. Linux is a registered trademark of Linus Torvalds .
UNIX is a registered trademark of The Open Group in the United States and other countries .
All other trademarks and copyrights referred to in this announcement are the property of their respective owners .
Press Contacts
For more information send us an email :
press@kde.org
Professional Grade Materials
Cameras and lenses are expensive , so why take a chance when transporting your gear ?
Our high - quality products are made from tough materials : Rugged Nylon 6 camera mounts ; hand - tooled anodized aluminum camera mounting hubs ; best - quality polypropylene nylon webbing and straps ; quality stitching ; and oversize clips all around .
3 Year Warranty Against Manufacturing Defects
We build our products well , with a 3 Year Warranty .
If you have a problem with our product , contact us , and we 'll solve it .
Advertisements
It was only a matter of time before Glenn Beck ’s supporters started blaming President Obama for the advertiser boycott of Beck ’s FNC program .
Many on right claim that the boycott is censoring Beck .
So Obama managed to take time away from trying to pass health care reform to pressure Glenn Beck ’s advertisers ?
That certainly makes absolutely no sense .
Over at Politics Daily , they believe that they have found the connection between the group carrying out the boycott , Color of Change and President Obama , “ Conservatives have questioned Color of Change ’s motives .
The co-founder of Color of Change is Van Jones , who was appointed by Obama in May as the special adviser for Green Jobs , Enterprise and Innovation at the White House Council on Environmental Quality ( CEQ ) .
Jones is listed on ColorofChange.org as : “ Former Staff , Van Jones ( Co- founder , inactive ) . ”
Politics Daily apparently does n’t understand the definition of censorship , “ The pressure on advertisers has become a politically charged debate about the right to free speech , censorship and what constitutes hate speech .
” For the sake of clarity , here is the American Heritage Dictionary definition of a censor , “ An official who examines books , plays , news reports , motion pictures , radio and television programs , letters , cablegrams , etc. , for the purpose of suppressing parts deemed objectionable on moral , political , military , or other grounds . ”
Advertisements
If we apply the definition to the Beck boycott , it is clear that Beck is not being censored .
He still has his FNC program , and he is still saying whatever he wants .
Glenn
Beck is free to pursue his First Amendment rights , just as his advertisers are free to not advertise on his show if they find his speech objectionable .
These conservatives do n’t understand the free market .
Advertisers are free to spend their dollars wherever they wish .
They do n’t have to advertise on Beck ’s show .
It is ridiculous to even entertain the notion that Obama has the time , energy , or desire to carry out a conspiracy against Glenn Beck .
Obama has nothing to worry about from Beck .
His 2 million viewers despise the president and would never support him in a million years .
Beck is nothing compared to the President of the United States .
The reality is that outside of the Cult of Glenn , Beck ’s comments about President Obama being a racist were either considered offensive or insane .
Beck ’s race baiting terrified advertisers and they are fleeing his show in droves .
This has nothing to do with Obama , and everything to do with the type of politics that Beck has been engaging in .
Ask chefs to dish on their favorite variety of rice and you ’ll likely hear words such as fragrant , floral , nutty .
But when craft brewers talk about the grain , it ’s not quite as reverent .
“ Rice is considered by many brewers what the nasty industrial brewers use to water down their beer , ” says Maureen Ogle , author of “ Ambitious Brew , ” a book exploring the history of brewing in the U.S.
“ Craft brewers treat rice almost as if it ’s rat poison . ”
But recently , a handful of craft brewers in California , Colorado and Washington are challenging that blanket disdain for the grain by introducing complex , full - flavored rice beers .
They say rice can lend subtle tropical notes and a bright finish to their lagers and ales .
“ Yes , rice gives beer a light body , ” says Brian Dunn , owner and brewer at Great Divide Brewing Co. in Denver .
In 2007 , the brewery released Samurai , an unfiltered rice and barley ale , to retail outlets .
“ But it ’s also crisp and refreshing , and has a little fruity character that really comes through . ”
Despite his enthusiasm , brewers like Dunn are hardly the norm .
“ I do n’t put rice in my beer , ” begins a proclamation against low - quality ingredients in “ I Am a Craft Brewer , ” a promotional craft brewing video co-produced by Greg Koch , co-founder and chief executive of Escondido - based Stone Brewing Co. , the largest American - owned brewery in the Southwest and a craft beer distributor .
The video was included in Koch ’s keynote speech on brewing ethics to more than 1,500 craft brewing industry leaders at April ’s annual Craft Brewers Conference in Boston .
A rice rebellion
Rice has n’t always had such a sullied reputation among craft brewers .
According to Ogle , the anti-rice sentiment is traceable to the early craft brewing revival in the 1980s .
“ It was all about , ‘ We ’re only using four ingredients , we ’re not like those industrial brewers making watered - down , cheap beer by using adjuncts like rice . ’
“ The mythology is that these giant beer makers began adding rice and corn to their beer after World War II to water it down , but that ’s simply not true , ” she adds .
The American brewing industry was built in the late 19th century by first - generation German American immigrants such as Adolphus Busch , Adolph Coors and Frederick Miller .
Although these men , craft brewers themselves , initially re-created the full - bodied beers of their homeland , many Americans had not developed a taste for the malt - heavy style .
“ They needed a domestic ingredient that would make the beers more effervescent , bubbly and lighter , ” Ogle says .
“ Rice and corn did that -- it was a desired flavor , not inexpensive filler . ”
It is that delicate flavor that has recently captured the attention of the next generation of experimental craft brewers such as Joe Valvo , 33 - year - old co-owner and brewer at Trade Route Brewing Co. in Seattle .
“ There ’s a lot of misconception with rice , ” says Valvo , who has offered a rice lager called Dragon King since the brewery opened two years ago .
“ It lightens the body and cuts some of the malty - ness in a lager . ”
Although Valvo has focused on more traditional Japanese - style rice lagers , the majority of the neo-rice brewers have been experimenting with ales .
Traditionally most beers that include rice , including American brews such as Budweiser and the Japanese brands Asahi and Kirin , have been lighter lagers .
One of the earliest rice and barley ales to hit the Los Angeles market , Red Sun , was developed eight years ago by the Great Beer Co. in Gilroy , Calif. , for the Sushi Roku and Katana restaurant chains .
“ When we started looking around for a rice beer to pair with our food , the only options were lagers from the big Japanese brewers that are n’t very flavorful , ” recalls Lee Maen , co-owner of the L.A. - based restaurants .
“ We wanted a more flavorful ale , but lots of those California microbrews are just too rich to pair with sushi . ”
Food was also the catalyst for the Bruery ’s owner - brewer Patrick Rue .
Trade Winds Tripel , a full - bodied , unfiltered Belgian - style golden ale , is made from rice and barley .
“ My wife and I were having tom kha gai , coconut Thai basil soup , so I decided to experiment with Thai basil and rice to make a full - bodied but lighter ale , ” says the Placentia brewer .
He included rice in the formula , he says , because it “ lends a really great subtle coconut flavor when left unfiltered . ”
Angling for respect
Rue is convinced the trend will catch on .
“ There are a lot of craft brewers these days who think we should n’t limit ourselves to barley . ”
But the challenge of gaining recognition for beers that can be produced from rice goes beyond the “ I Am a Craft Brewer ” video .
“ At places like the Great American Beer Festival , craft brewers are applauded for adding odd ingredients , ” but rice is considered “ the worst thing ever , ” says author Ogle .
The annual festival , held last weekend in Denver , draws nearly 50,000 beer fans to its tastings .
Hundreds of craft brewers enter the well - respected professional brewer ’s competition .
“ American brewers are very creative . . . in taking all kinds of ingredients and creating a whole new idea of what a specialty beer is , ” says Charlie Papazian , president of the Brewers Assn. , the nonprofit trade organization that operates the festival .
“ That ’s something we encourage . ”
But there was n’t a rice lager category until a few years ago ; there ’s no category for rice ales .
Rue , who is featured numerous times throughout the “ I Am a Craft Brewer ” video , attempted his own creative wordplay while reading the script .
“ When we got to the part about the rice , I said , ‘ I do use rice and corn in my beer , ’ ” he recalls .
“ They clipped it out . ”
food@latimes.com
Most of us are probably aware of Singularity , a research operating system out of Microsoft Research which explored a number of new ideas , which is available as open source software .
Singularity is n’t the only research OS out of Microsoft ; they recently released the first snapshot of a new operating system , called Barrelfish .
It introduces the concept of the multikernel , which treats a multicore system as a network of independent cores , using ideas from distributed systems .
The new concept operating system is a joint project byETH Zurich and Microsoft Research , Cambridge .
The team argues that “ the challenge of future multicore hardware is best met by embracing the networked nature of the machine , rethinking OS architecture using ideas from distributed systems . ”
“ We investigate a new OS structure , the multikernel , that treats the machine as a network of independent cores , assumes no inter -core sharing at the lowest level , and moves traditional OS functionality to a distributed system of processes that communicate via message - passing , ” they write in their article “ The Multikernel : A new OS architecture for scalable multicore systems “ .
They did n’t just investigate the concept , they also implemented it to show that it can work .
They call their multikernel implementation ‘ Barrelfish ’ , and according to them , it shows promising performance figures compared to other , more conventional operating systems .
On top of that , the multikernel concept should be more scalable and adaptable for the future .
The team believes that challenges faced by traditional ccNUMA and SMP high performance computing machines are not the same as the challenges a general purpose operating system will face in the future .
They argue that single computers increasingly resemble networked systems , “ and should be programmed as such ” .
This resulted in the multikernel model .
“ In a nutshell , we structure the OS as a distributed system of cores that communicate using messages and share no memory , ” they write .
It ’s based on three principles :
Make all inter-core communication explicit .
Make OS structure hardware - neutral .
View state as replicated instead of shared .
“ These principles allow the OS to benefit from the distributed systems approach to gain improved performance , natural support for hardware heterogeneity , greater modularity , and the ability to reuse algorithms developed for distributed systems , ” they claim .
The article goes into quite some detail about the motivations , implementation , and performance figures , but a lot of that simply goes way over my head , so I ’ll let the more educated people on this subject take over from here ( lovely to have a reader base filled with people who actually understand stuff like this ) .
It all sounds very intriguing and interesting to me , in any case .
The team has published their first snapshot release , licensed under a BSD - like license .
The British Government 's strategy in Afghanistan was thrown into crisis last night after the Defence Secretary 's right - hand man resigned in protest about the handling of the war .
Eric Joyce , a former major in the Black Watch , announced that he was standing down as the parliamentary private secretary to Bob Ainsworth .
He attacked the treatment of UK forces and protested that Nato allies were doing " far too little " , leaving British troops to shoulder more of the strain of combat .
Mr Joyce , who had been regarded as an ultra-loyalist Labour MP , said he could no longer justify the growing death toll in Afghanistan by arguing that the war would prevent terrorism in Britain .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He called on the Prime Minister to make clear that the UK 's deployment in Afghanistan , where there are 9,100 troops , was " time - limited " .
His criticism – which follows protests from military commanders over the lack of support for British forces in Afghanistan – carries extra weight given his army background and his role as Mr Ainsworth 's parliamentary aide .
Mr Joyce quit as two more British soldiers were killed in Afghanistan , bringing the number of UK deaths to 212 .
Forty - one British troops died in July and August alone , and polls have shown a slump in public support for involvement in Afghanistan .
The timing of the resignation is particularly damaging to Mr Brown , who in a speech today was due to argue that the case for military action is as compelling as ever because three - quarters of terrorist attacks are orchestrated from the border areas of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
But in a scathing letter to the Prime Minister last night , Mr Joyce directly contradicted him .
He wrote : " I do not think the public will accept for much longer that our losses can be justified by simply referring to the risk of greater terrorism on our streets .
" Nor do I think we can continue with the present level of uncertainty about the future of our deployment in Afghanistan . "
Mr Joyce did not doubt Mr Brown 's commitment to Britain 's armed forces , but said that " there seem to me to be some problems which need fixing with the greatest urgency " .
He said : " I think we must be much more direct about the reality that we do punch a long way above our weight , that many of our allies do far too little , and that leaving the field to the United States would mean the end of Nato as a meaningful proposition . "
Ministers faced a " critical time for Labour and Defence " .
Mr Joyce stated : " It should be possible now to say that we will move off our present war - footing and reduce our forces there substantially during our next term in government . "
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
The Falkirk MP protested over " behind - the - hand attacks by any Labour figure on senior service personnel " and called for members of the armed forces to be given " greater latitude to voice their views " .
He said : " Most important of all , we must make it clear to every serviceman and woman , their families and the British public that we give their wellbeing the highest political priority . "
Mr Joyce also lashed out at the contribution from Nato allies in Afghanistan , and raised doubts over the recent Afghan elections .
" We also need a greater geopolitical return from the United States for our efforts .
For many , Britain fights ; Germany pays ;
France calculates ; Italy avoids , " he wrote .
" I do not think the British people will support the physical risk to our servicemen and women unless they can be given confidence that Afghanistan 's government has been properly elected and has a clear intent to deal with the corruption there , which has continued unabated in recent years . "
His comments go to the heart of a series of dilemmas facing ministers over Afghanistan .
They are aware of falling public support for the war , underlined by a ComRes survey six weeks ago for The Independent which found that 52 per cent of voters wanted troops to be withdrawn from Afghanistan straight away , while 58 per cent viewed the war as " unwinnable " .
The Government also fears a long drawn - out commitment in Afghanistan – the head of the British Army has suggested it could take 40 years to stabilise the country – and is frustrated over the refusal of other Nato allies to deploy troops to the country .
After a torrid week dominated by accusations over the release of the Lockerbie bomber , Mr Brown had hoped to get back on the front foot today with his speech on Afghanistan , and by welcoming world leaders to London for a meeting of the G20 .
But his hopes were wrecked last night by the announcement of Mr Joyce 's resignation and the release of his letter .
Mr Ainsworth made little secret of his irritation with his former aide in a statement last night .
He said : " Eric Joyce is , of course , entitled to his opinion and whilst we thank him for his service as a junior parliamentary aide , it is vital that we have a leadership team that is fully committed to our mission in Afghanistan .
The picture he paints is not one that I nor many people within the Ministry of Defence recognise , whether military or civilian . "
And in a curt letter last night Mr Brown told Mr Joyce : " Bob Ainsworth has already replied to you emphasising the importance of the effort in Afghanistan to defeating terrorism , and of supporting , at all times , our Armed Forces .
I am determined that nothing will distract my Government from this most vital of tasks . "
Mr Brown , who visited Afghanistan last week , will hit back at accusations that British troops in Afghanistan are under - funded .
He will argue that £ 390,000 is spent on each soldier , up from £ 180,000 three years ago .
He will also say that the timetable for training the Afghan army is being accelerated .
Over 130,000 troops will be trained by the end of next year , 12 months earlier than planned , he will promise .
End of the affair :
Why the former Major decided enough was enough
The first inkling that Labour ultra-loyalist Eric Joyce was losing patience came last month .
When the Ministry of Defence mounted a legal challenge to reduce compensation payments made to two injured soldiers , he called its behaviour " bonkers " and said that success would be " a victory for bureaucracy over bravery " .
His resignation yesterday will be especially embarrassing for the Prime Minister , as Joyce is one of very few Labour MPs with military experience .
He joined the Army aged 18 in 1978 , as a private in the Black Watch .
In 1981 he took a sabbatical to attend university , gaining a BA in Religious Studies from Stirling University .
He then attended Sandhurst and was commissioned into the Royal Army Educational Corps as Captain .
But after 12 years of distinguished service , including promotion to Major in 1992 , his service was terminated after he described the Armed Forces as " racist , sexist and discriminatory " .
His commanding officer described him as " uncommandable by me or anyone else " .
This was not a characteristic he brought with him to Westminster however , after he narrowly defeated the Scottish National Party candidate in the 2000 Falkirk West by - election .
So extreme was his loyalty to the Labour cause , particularly after the Iraq invasion , that it often drew ridicule .
On Channel 4 News in 2004 , Jon Snow asked him : " Is there anything that the Government has done with which you disagree ? "
Roy Hattersley referred to him as an " embarrassing sycophant " and suggested his loyalty might see him rise to " the giddy heights of parliamentary secretary " , which indeed it did .
He first became parliamentary private secretary to Mike O'Brien at the Department of Trade and Industry in 2004 and later served as an aide to Margaret Hodge and John Hutton in the same department .
When Hutton moved to the Ministry of Defence , he moved with him and remained there when Bob Ainsworth took over in June this year .
As well as the Armed Forces , Joyce lists among his interests " poverty reduction " , which caused some mirth when the expenses scandal shed light on his efforts to reduce his own .
In the 2005 - 06 parliamentary session , he claimed £ 174,811 in expenses , the highest of all MPs , and had the dubious distinction of becoming the first MP to claim cumulatively more than £ 1 m .
When one newspaper asked him what he would do if he were asked to repay any of the £ 40,000 of unpaid capital gains tax on the sale of his second home , he said he would " suck it and see " .
Huffington has been named to Time Magazine 's list of the world 's 100 most influential people and the Forbes Most Powerful Women list .
Originally from Greece , she moved to England when she was 16 and graduated from Cambridge University with an M.A. in economics .
At 21 , she became president of the famed debating society , the Cambridge Union .
She serves on several boards , including HuffPost 's partners in Spain , the newspaper EL PAÍS and its parent company PRISA ; Onex ; The Center for Public Integrity ; and The Committee to Protect Journalists .
Since launching in 2005 , The Huffington Post has become one of the most widely - read , linked to , and frequently - cited media brands on the Internet .
In 2012 , the site won a Pulitzer Prize for national reporting .
Arianna Huffington is the co-founder and editor - in - chief of The Huffington Post , a nationally syndicated columnist , and author of fourteen books .
Her newest book , Thrive : The Third Metric to Redefining Success and Creating a Life of Well - Being , Wisdom , and Wonder was published by Crown in March 2014 and debuted at # 1 on the New York Times Bestseller list .
Question :
What executive orders should Obama issue ?
Arianna Huffington :
The most important thing for Obama is to get healthcare right .
I think that so often there are so many ancillary issues from executive orders , which is incredibly important of course , to infinitely less important things that consume his attention like having beer with the professor and the policeman .
I think that the one thing that we are at such incredible danger of getting wrong is healthcare .
So forgive me if I am being a little obsessed about it because it appears that they are willing to sacrifice the public option .
If we get healthcare reform without the public option , we are really going to be missed a huge opportunity to really reform the system .
With hundreds of lobbyists , many of whom are former members of Congress and former staffers , and lobbying really hard to kill public option , it will take an enormous amount of attention from the media and from the public to make people really clear what is at stake .
Question : Warren Buffett compared the stimulus package to taking half a Viagra .
Are we neglecting the economy ?
Arianna Huffington :
Well , actually , I love the half a Viagra pill .
My metaphor was it was like trying to jump across a chasm in two leaps .
It does n’t work .
It definitely was n’t bold enough and what is so tragic is that it is not so much that we have forgotten about the economy but that we think the economy has recovered .
The Newsweek cover this week basically declares that the recession is over .
It ’s as though we are living in two universes ; the Wall Street universe where Goldman Sachs and Citi are making multibillion dollar profits and the universe of real Americans who are losing their jobs , whose homes have been foreclosed at the rate of 300,000 a month , who are facing unprecedented credit card defaults , bankruptcies , and costs , the opportunity cost of what ’s happening around the states with major cuts and so many services .
We thought we put Enron and WorldCom and everything behind us and here we are six years later and the financial system is still just as shaky and yet we are having a sort of victory dance on top of the system without any fundamental reform except the stakes are so much higher .
Enron , WorldCom , you know , they were playing with billions of shareholder wealth .
Now it ’s costing us trillions of taxpayer money .
Question : Can Obama stand up to Wall Street ?
Arianna Huffington :
Well , Obama , I think , made a mistake in picking Larry Summers and Tim Geithner to lead his economic team because they are Wall Street creatures .
Remember , Larry Summers was instrumental in the repeal of the Glass - Steagall Act which really would have prevented a lot of what happened and a lot of this creation of this too big to fail institutions .
So
It ’s very important to recognize that this could become the Achilles ’ hell of the Obama Administration ’s policy towards the economy because if you look at the amount of money involved and the contrast between the budget deficit say of all the states , which is $ 166 billion , this is the cut that the states have to make , and you compare that with say the $ 4.7 trillion that we have spent bailing out Wall Street , $ 180 billion going towards AIG , you see that the opportunity cost is really unacceptable in the democracy .
Interviewed by Paul Hoffman .
Arkansas Pregnant Woman
Is Pregnant Again
An Arkansas woman may have got pregnant , then got pregnant again weeks later .
Sept. 24 , 2009  --
A pregnant woman in Arkansas surprised doctors twice over when she went in for a routine ultrasound this June .
Doctors successfully located Todd and Julia Grovenburg 's growing baby girl Jillian , but then discovered another smaller baby -- what could be Jillian 's younger brother -- growing beside her .
The Grovenburgs may have conceived their son Hudson a full two - and - a - half weeks after Jillian , according to statements given to KFSM - TV in Ft. Smith - Fayetteville , Ark .
Different from identical twins or fraternal twins , the Grovenburg babies would have separate due dates and are considered to be a rare medical occurrence .
" When the woman had her ultrasound initially , they saw one sack , one baby developing , and that baby had a certain gestational age ; then they noticed a second heartbeat in a child that was much , much younger developmentally , " Dr. Karen Boyle of the Greater Baltimore Medical Center , told ABC News ' " Good Morning America Health . "
Boyle said it 's uncommon for fetuses to differ so widely in size and development early in pregnancy , even though babies may differ widely in size at birth .
" It does really sound like this is a true case of different conception times for these children , " said Boyle .
Reports of superfetation , or conceiving while pregnant , are so rare that Boyle said , " There is no prevalence or incidence in the literature .
I could only find about 10 reported cases . "
Grovenburg 's obstetrician , Dr. Michel Muylaert , confirmed to KFSM - TV that the Grovenburgs may be dealing with the extraordinarily rare case of superfetation .
" Mrs. Julia Grovenburg is pregnant with twins and there appears to be a discordant growth pattern , possibly due to superfetation , " Dr. Muylaert wrote in a letter to KFSM - TV .
" This is an unusual and rare condition , but the possibility is real .
It can only be confirmed after delivery by chromosomal and metabolic studies on the babies .
She was evaluated at UAMS in Little Rock for this condition and they confirmed the suspicion of superfetation , " he continued .
Could Superfetation Happen More Often ?
Yet , while superfetation is rarely documented , Dr. Donnica Moore said it may be impossible to tell if this happens more often -- but with a shorter time period between conceptions .
" For these sorts of cases , I have to say , most of our bodies do n't read the textbook , " said Moore , an obstetrician and president of New Jersey 's Sapphire Women 's Health Group .
" I would say [ it 's ] extremely rare , but then again , we would never know how often this happens .
If the children are born at the same time -- it might be that they were conceived at different times . "
Depending on the time between the two conceptions , Boyle said superfetation could be dangerous for the younger baby , who could be born prematurely .
" It [ the second conception ] can happen up to 24 days later than the first conception , and then you 're putting the second baby at risk for lung development problems , " said Boyle .
However , in the Grovenburg 's case , Boyle said the difference of two weeks would not put the younger baby at much of a risk for health problems .
" The interesting thing in this case is if these children were actually born on their due dates , the older child would be born at the end of 2009 , and the younger child would be born in the beginning of 2010 , " said Boyle .
These numbers among others can be seen in this article in Spanish , which has thus far acquired 110 comments - no surprise given the controversial nature of the subject .
Here 's a summary of the article :
It begins with an account of the first Spanish astronaut ( Pedro Duque ) , who always tells a story to students about how no border can be seen between the two when viewed from space , since they appear to be one single land mass :
One of the main issues between the two countries is the extension of the AVE ( the Spanish high - speed train ) , where the Portuguese government is to spend 9 billion euros for a line from the Spanish city of Vigo ( just north of Portugal ) to the capital of Lisbon , and thus to the Spanish capital Madrid as well .
The move is controversial for those that see it as a way to make Portugal into a kind of Spanish province .
That train line is to be completed in 2013 .
Here are the scheduled high - speed lines in Portugal according to Wikipedia :
from Lisbon to Porto ( 300 km / h new HSL expected to be finished in 2015 ) .
The two cities will be 75 minutes away .
from Lisbon to Madrid ( 350 km / h mixed traffic HSL expected to be complete by 2013 ) bringing the countries ' capital cities within 2h45 of each other .
bringing the countries ' capital cities within 2h45 of each other .
from Porto to Vigo ( 250 km / h mixed traffic new line between Braga and the border ) which will connect both extremes ( Porto and Vigo ) in less than 45 minutes .
Back to the article : for reasons like these the word Spain has been mentioned quite a bit in the recent Portuguese elections .
One recent survey ( the Hispano - Luso or Spanish - Portuguese Barometer ) shows that almost a third ( 30.3 % ) of those in Spain and 40 % of those in Portugal are in favour of the two countries being one federation .
In 2006 a poll conducted by the Portuguese weekly El Sol showed support of only 25 % .
The reason given for the increase in support over the past three years has been the increase in cooperation between the two countries .
Since 1994 Spain has been Portugal 's main business partner , and imports from Spain alone account for over 50 % of those into Portugal .
The number of Spanish students in Portugal has also tripled over the past three years to 51,000 .
Given the difference in size and population between the two it's no surprise that the Portuguese know more about Spain than vice - versa , with 54.9 % of those in Portugal knowing the name of the Prime Minister of Spain , but only 6.9 % of those in Spain knowing who the President of Portugal is .
41.8 % of those in Spain can identify the colours in the Portuguese flag , whereas 54.2 % of those in Portugal can identify those in the Spanish flag , and 53 % of those in Spain have visited Portugual whereas 84 % of those in Portugal have visited Spain .
As for the basic numbers : GDP in Spain per capita is 35,557 euros vs. 23,531 for Portugal .
A union between the two would result in the largest country in the European Union ( third - largest in Europe after Russia and Ukraine ) , a fifth of the population with 60 million ( similar to that of France , the UK and Italy ) and a linguistic potential reaching 608 million ( Spanish plus Portuguese ) .
Note that the two countries combined now make up 51 million so the article is likely combining their expected future population numbers to come up with this .
The numbers of those that are against ( against or strongly against ) a union are 30.5 % in Spain and 34 % in Portugal , whereas those that are n't sure are 29 % in Spain and 17 % in Portugal .
A third being outright opposed is still quite a large number , and even Romania and Moldova with much stronger support for unification ( 51 % for , 27 % against in Romania ) and the same language have failed to achieve anything substantial .
Then there would also be the problem of Spain having a king and Portugal being a republic without one .
The other interesting factor would be the fact that Iberian does n't simply refer to Spanish and Portuguese but all the other languages in the family tree as well - Catalan , Galician , Asturian , etc. ( with Basque as the exception to the family tree ) , so any discussions over a union might begin to take shape along the lines of not just a union between two countries but a larger union of all the Iberian languages and cultures located in most of the peninsula .
Some of you who follow my infrequently updated Twitter account may have seen a report from a friend about a video of two people doing the North Texas rumpy - pump in the bathroom at the MNF game .
It has arrived .
( NSFW )
Do n't be too alarmed — it 's only three seconds of pretty standard grunt - heavy missionary sex on the bathroom floor , nabbed by this citizen journalist who , along with many others at Dallas Stadium last night , witnessed this display .
My friend , who was at the game , said many Cowboys fans were startled by the odd noises coming from the Hall of Fame box level bathroom stall , where a couple clad in Michael Irvin jerseys were " totally banging " at the end of the 4th quarter when the Cowboys had pretty much wrapped it up .
The commotion soon became very , very public and many fans equipped with cellphone cameras ran into the stall to snap pictures .
Luckily , our guy had video and stuck his hand over the stall like a true professional voyeur and caught a a few mighty thrusts during Irvin on Irvin .
After the couple was finished ( my friend says this was done via hand , for some reason — so old school ) the two people walked out from the bathroom and were greeted by raucous applause .
One onlooker yelled " See you on YouTube ! " and the happy man graciously replied " Bring it on ! "
Of course he did .
Advertisement
Now , whether Jerry Jones will take it upon himself to fuck - proof the roomy Hall of Fame bathroom stalls from here on out is yet to be seen , but since he has Cowboys cage dancers and plenty of other carnival - like attractions going on , a little public fornication probably wo n't faze him too much .
Dallas Cowboy Stadium , ladies and gentlemen — fun for the whole family .
Forrester Research analyst Jeffrey Hammond speaks at LinuxCon
Open source continues finding favor in both large enterprises and small companies .
But while the nature and types of deployments may vary wildly , many have at least one thing in common :
The bottom line .
Cost savings from Linux and open source has long been a key selling point of the movement .
But according to a panel of enterprise users and analysts speaking at the LinuxCon conference , it 's a consideration that spans the gamut from massive , multimillion - dollar implementations to far smaller organizations .
By almost any estimate , interest in open source is at an all - time high .
Forrester Research analyst Jeffrey Hammond told the audience that over the last twelve months , senior executives from all types of businesses have been asking him about open source .
He also pointed to a recent Forrester survey that asked respondents to rank their software plans , and which found open source topping the list .
For the mobilization of the working class to end the war in Afghanistan
4 September 2009
There are clear signs of growing popular opposition in the US and around the world to the war in Afghanistan .
A CBS News poll released on Tuesday found that 41 percent of respondents in the US want to decrease troop levels , up from 33 percent in April and 24 percent in February .
The percentage of people who want to withdraw US troops is nearly twice the percentage favoring an increase .
A number of recent polls show a clear majority opposed to the war .
Popular opposition is as high if not higher in other countries with troops in Afghanistan .
In Britain and Canada , 52 percent favor withdrawal ; in Australia , 66 percent oppose the war ; in France , the figure is 64 percent ; in Italy , 56 percent ; and in Germany , 62 percent .
This rapid growth in antiwar sentiment is in direct conflict with the plans of the imperialist powers , led by the Obama administration .
A major escalation is being prepared , to include tens of thousands more troops beyond the “ surge ” of 21,000 troops initiated by Obama earlier this year .
There are presently some 100,000 foreign soldiers occupying the country , including 62,000 US troops ( not including the 6,000 additional troops scheduled to deploy before the end of the year , nor the more than 70,000 military contractors ) .
A classified report issued this week by Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the US commander in Afghanistan , sets the stage for a formal request for between 10,000 and 45,000 additional US military personnel .
The Obama administration has sent clear signals that it is prepared to approve any request that is made .
On Thursday , Defense Secretary Robert Gates told a news conference that he was “ very open to the recommendations and certainly the perspective of ” McChrystal .
Expanding US military forces in Afghanistan and the US military intervention in Pakistan has been the central foreign policy priority of the Obama administration .
A massive military operation is still underway in the south , and the number of drone attacks on Pakistan — and the civilian casualties that accompany them — have increased sharply this year .
The administration is responding to growing concerns that NATO forces and the US - backed puppet regime in Kabul have already lost control of most of the country .
The recent election debacle in Afghanistan , marked by massive vote fraud , has only further weakened the government — prompting some commentators to call for dropping support for Hamid Karzai .
The comparison is now being openly made to the US - backed coup against its puppet Ngo Dinh Diem in 1963 , which set the stage for a major expansion of the war in Vietnam .
Obama ’s escalation — which has already led to record US casualties and the deaths of an untold number of Afghanis and Pakistanis — will yield only more carnage in the coming months .
Nor will it be short - lived .
As Bruce Riedel , one of Obama ’s chief advisors on Afghanistan and Pakistan and a vocal supporter of additional troops , recently put it , “ Anyone who thinks that in 12 to 18 months we ’re going to be anywhere near victory is living in fantasyland . ”
The determination of the Obama administration to escalate the war in the face of mounting popular opposition , accompanied by an economic crisis that is having a devastating impact on the lives of millions of people , is setting the stage for major social and political upheavals , above all in the United States .
As Obama ’s plummeting poll numbers clearly demonstrate , the “ honeymoon ” of the new administration is rapidly turning into disillusionment and popular anger .
Afghanistan has been sold by the liberal establishment to the American people as the “ good war ” against terrorism , in contrast to the “ war of choice ” in Iraq .
The attempt to make such a distinction between these two wars , however , is quickly falling apart , a fact acknowledged by the New York Times in an article published Thursday .
The Times writes : “ The simple political narrative of the Afghanistan war — that this was the good war , in which the United States would hunt down the perpetrators of the Sept. 11 attacks — has faded over time , with popular support ebbing , American casualties rising and confidence in the Afghan government declining . ”
In fact , the war in Afghanistan , no less than Iraq , was from the beginning an act of aggression , aimed at securing US control over Central Asia , a key geostrategic region rich in oil , gas and other natural resources .
In expanding this war , as in every other action he has taken , Obama is carrying out the policy of the social layer that he represents — the corporate and financial elite .
There is absolutely nothing “ progressive ” about this government .
While millions of people voted for Obama in the hope of seeing “ change , ” the section of the ruling class that supported him did so for very different reasons .
His personal background and hollow rhetoric , it was thought , would more effectively cloak an extremely right - wing policy .
This basic political truth is becoming part of popular consciousness .
If renewed opposition to war is to have a successful outcome , however , it must be consciously directed against the Obama administration and both corporate - controlled parties .
In the run-up to the 2003 invasion of Iraq , mass opposition was expressed in the largest international antiwar demonstrations in history , including millions who marched in the US .
This movement was smothered and defused precisely because it was subordinated to the Democratic Party .
Various middle - class protest groups insisted that war could be opposed through the election of Democrats .
Since then , the Democrats have gained control of both houses of Congress and now the presidency .
Far from ending war , however , the occupation of Iraq continues and the war in Afghanistan is expanding .
As tragic and bloody as these wars have already been , they are only setting the stage for a far broader conflict .
Those organizations that channeled opposition behind the Democratic Party bear a major political responsibility for the present situation .
They are not , in fact , “ oppositional ” organizations , but rather play an essential role as part of the political establishment .
Though their perspective has been utterly discredited , they nevertheless insist that opposition to war must be based on support for the Obama administration .
( See : “ Afghan war escalation : The Nation seeks to ‘ protect ’ the Obama administration from itself ” )
Obama ’s expansion of war abroad is inextricably linked to the administration ’s attack on the working class in the United States — to the policy of bank bailouts and the demand that the working class pay for the capitalist crisis through the destruction of jobs , wages and social benefits .
These are two sides of the same class policy .
The struggle against war must be linked to the struggle against attacks on the living standards and democratic rights of working people .
The American and international working class is the only social force that can stop militarism and war .
Only a perspective based on the mobilization of the international working class against the profit system , which is the source of imperialist war , can end the present wars and prevent a new global conflagration .
This requires the building of an independent party of the working class based on a socialist program .
The SEP calls for :
• The immediate and unconditional withdrawal of foreign troops from Iraq and Afghanistan , with reparations paid to the populations .
• An immediate halt to US attacks on Pakistan .
• The dismantling of the US war machine and the redirection of military spending to meet critical social needs .
• The prosecution of those responsible for these illegal wars , including leading Democrats and Republicans .
We urge all those looking for a way forward in the fight against war to contact the Socialist Equality Party today .
Joe Kishore
Joe Kishore
Promotion
In the recently concluded Asian Youth Chess Championships 2009 , India has bagged 23 medals out of a total of 36 , says this report in The Hindu .
The championship was conducted by the Asian Chess Federation and was held at New Delhi , India .
It is a great feat shown by India by being the majority medal winner .
The second in the medals tally is Vietnam .
India ’s spectrum of medals included 8 gold , 7 silver and 8 bronze .
The Asian Youth Chess Championships is conducted for both boys and girls under the following categories :
Under 8 , 10 , 12 , 14 , 16 and 18 years of age .
What is interesting for us is how this sport has been nurtured and carefully guided in our country so that we have now become an important ‘ player ’ in chess globally .
The Asian Chess Foundation carries an interview of Mr. D. V. Sundar , Hon. Secretary of the All India Chess Federation .
In this insightful interview , and perhaps an interview that many other sports bodies can take note of , Mr. Sundar explains how India has become a force to reckon with in chess .
Addressing a question on what he believes has helped make India successful in chess , he says :
We hold many children ’s tournaments .
Every week there is a children ’s tournament going on in one part or another of our 30 States .
The five most active are in Tamil Nadu , Andhra Pradesh , Karnataka , Maharashtra , West Bengal .
These States are historically good in producing chess players .
We have many children ’s tournaments , alternating age groups Under - 8 to 16 .
The AICF insists that all tournaments give Certificates to all children .
Not only children are encouraged but specially their parents .
Promotion
It is wonderful to note that the sport is being encouraged amongst children and thereby giving players enough time to hone their skills by the time they reach the international arena .
Mr. Sundar goes on to say that the AICF is aiming to create a mass appeal for chess :
Aside from the traditional chess States , we have developed chess in Goa , Delhi , Orissa , Assam and Jharkhand .
Kerala now organizes five to six rated tournaments per year with 150 to 300 participants each .
Rajasthan now organizes two or three tournaments every year .
We are creating a mass appeal for chess .
You can read his complete interview here .
It explains in detail how the game of chess is being spread in the country and how we are able to generate players of high caliber at a consistent rate .
This could well be adapted for other sports too .
Congratulations to all the players who participated in this year ’s Asian Youth Chess Championships !
The official website of Asian Chess Federation is www.asia-chess.com and that of the All India Chess Federation is www.indianchessfed.org
Image courtesy Wikipedia .
A group of prominent Yale alumni is criticizing the University ’s decision to remove caricatures of the Prophet Muhammad from an upcoming book about the infamous 2005 Danish cartoon controversy .
Former U.S. ambassador to the United Nations John Bolton , and a group of other graduates who call themselves the Yale Committee for a Free Press , is circulating a letter to the editor of the Yale Alumni Magazine that renounces the “ shameful censorship , ” the Yale Daily News reports .
The group is asking for the University to publish “ The Cartoons that Shook the World ” with all of the referenced cartoons .
The cartoons triggered massive protests from Morocco to Indonesia .
Rioters torched Danish and other Western diplomatic missions .
Some Muslim countries boycotted Danish products .
Jytte Klausen , the Brandeis University professor who wrote the book , says the effort is coming too late .
The book is already being printed and will be published in a few weeks .
The original schedule for publication would have made the book available in November .
Even still , Bolton said “ the whole episode was an example of intellectual cowardice . ”
“ To publish a book on the controversy around the cartoons and not publish the cartoons is just mind boggling , ” he told the Daily News .
" If they were scared , they should ’ve just not published the book . ”
Zest
Zest : The Eclipse Visualization Toolkit , is a set of visualization components built for Eclipse .
The entire Zest library has been developed in SWT / Draw2D and integrates seamlessly within Eclipse because of its recognized design .
Overview
Zest has been modeled after JFace , and all the Zest views conform to the same standards and conventions as existing Eclipse views .
This means that the providers , actions and listeners used within existing applications can be leveraged within Zest .
The Zest project also contains a graph layout package which can be used independently .
The graph layout package can be used within existing Java applications ( SWT or AWT ) to provide layout locations for a set of entities and relationships .
Features
Zest is a visualization toolkit with a growing number of viewers ( Static Graph Viewer ) , all of which aim to be easy to program against .
We are actively looking for new visualizations to include in the toolkit .
Spring Layout Algorithm
Tree Layout Algorithm
Radial Layout Algorithm
Grid Layout Algorithm
The Zest graph layout package provides the following layout algorithms :
state or federal agency
MANDATE
state / fed agencies abusing their power
Creating FEAR to achieve their political agenda
their actions
speak something entirely different .
truly insulting our inteligence and dignity .
NEVER
LAW
Let me start by saying that I 've been telling my wife for months what was about to occur regarding mandatory vaccination and yes she thought I was nuts until yesterday .
My wife received a letter from her hospital stating that it 's mandatory for all medical staff to recieve not just H1N1 vaccine but also regular flu vaccine for continued employment .
Pease correct me if my perception of the letter is innacurate .
Here 's the letter .
Now to my point as to why it 's a tactic of TERRORISM and ACT of WAR .
My wife and everyone in the medical profession has spent alot of money and time to train , study and be employed in this profession only to have athat you physically be forced against your will to take some foreign , rushed , untested vaccine substance into your personal being and jeapordize your health or take your livelihood away .
The only way and means you have of surviving and feeding our children .
This is an act of physical and mental aggresion designed to intimidate and control in which we would be incarcerated to the fullest extent of their self serving manipulated laws if we ever tried a stunt like this .
This is theand .
They can say that it 's all about their concern for us as a people butover the past
They do n't care about us as humans ... but domesticated animals or pets to control and whose money they benefit from .
They NEVER cared or ever will about us ... so they need to stop THROWING around the words MORALS CIVILITY and DECORUM because they are nothing more than illusions and they are
They are nothing more than a bunch of Murderous , thieving corrupt , decietful , lying scum who need to be put in their place .
I know that there is going to be a Protest in Albany on Sep. 29,2009 @ 10:00 AM - 1:00 PM and I think that the medical profession should stage a protest or sit out across the world in opposition to TPTB and this totally unjustified ACT of War .
I personally hold NY State accountable for domestic terrorism with the intent to destroy in the process of controlling the lives of all the workers in the MEDICAL Proffession in NYS .
Let alone when the mandate goes worldwide .
This truly is the definition of terrorism .
Labeling us citizens fighting for our livelihoods terrorists is an extremely innacurate propoganda .
These are just my thoughts and I 'm sure I missed alot as I 'm , still fuming from the audacity of these people and agencies which willhave enough of our money and blood to satisfy and quench their unwavering lusts .
They should all be tried for treason and each one prosecuted accordingly to the fullest extent of the law .
As a matter of fact any of their sentences should be tripled because they studied and trained in theand intentionally used the knowledge they gained to intentionally manipulate and abuse their powers while billions suffer .
[ edit on 23/9/2009 by Revealation ]
Edit to correct Protest Date.[ edit on 23/9/2009 by Revealation ] [ edit on 23/9/2009 by Revealation ]
Lamest Greatest Self Defense Video Ever
I thought I had seen this before , but it was actually different from the Home School Self Defense videos I watched as a child .
I ’ve actually used some of these techniques when I threw it down in the streets .
My go to move was the Advanced Striking – Ball Flurries ( 4:14 ) .
Ball punches are highly underrated and also highly homorated .
Use them at your own risk , but prepare for incredible results .
Thanks to Columbus
Hype for the video !
Vodpod videos no longer available .
I walk with my head down , looking for cracks in the pavement .
The sidewalk is grey and rough , but my dirty white running shoes are worn and comfortable .
Since I 've already stepped on four cracks in the pavement with my left foot , I am trying to find four new cracks for my right foot .
I have to find four cracks before I get to the hospital .
A pair of Doc Marten - clad feet suddenly blocks my progress .
I stop walking .
I slowly raise my head and see black jeans with worn knees , a loose leather belt , and a blue sweat shirt with the words " Daytona Beach " scrawled in yellow across its face .
" Sorry , " a bald man with dark glasses says as he steps out of my way .
I wonder why he is shading his eyes .
The sun has been hidden by thick clouds with black undersides all day , making everything around me look a little grey .
With the path clear , I begin to walk again .
To avoid more near collisions , I resolve to raise my head to check for obstructions once every five steps .
I can still feel the four cracks that my left foot has stepped on , physical memories lingering inside my shoe .
One step , two steps , three steps .
It is important to find new cracks in the pavement .
Four steps , five steps , look up .
My right foot feels empty and wants things evened up .
The block ends here ; the sidewalk has become a short cliff overlooking the pavement of the road six inches below it .
I look up and wait for the traffic to subside before attempting to cross the intersection .
I look all the way down the thoroughfare and my eyes tell my brain that the street is wide where I 'm standing , but gradually narrows into nothingness further down the road .
There 's a convenience store sign with a wide eyed red owl on the next block that looks twice the size of an apartment building ten blocks down that I know is at least five stories tall .
My father told me a long time ago that it 's the shape of our eyes that makes us see things like narrowing roads and tall buildings that seem tiny from far away .
He also informed me that special eyeglasses exist to correct this deficiency but he just could n't afford to buy any for our family .
When I asked him when he might be able to get some of these glasses for us , he told me we'd have them in prettidase - nine weeks .
" How long is that ? " I asked .
" It 's a long time , " he said .
Prettidase - nine is the numerical equivalent to the letter Z ; it 's the last number .
< 2 > For the moment , there are n't any cars on the street except for a dark green mini-van that looks to be about the size of a dog , so I cross .
The pavement on the road is darker than on the sidewalk , more black than grey .
There 's a thin , lightning bolt - shaped crack next to a rusting manhole cover and I adjust my gait to get my right foot to step on it .
One down , three to go .
I step up onto the new sidewalk , quickly check ahead for obstacles , and hop over the shadow of the red owl sign , continuing on my way .
The apartment building is slowly growing taller and I can see a green bench in front of it now .
Accidentally , I step on a crack I had n't noticed with my left foot .
Now it 's five to one , in favour of the left .
I know , right foot , I know .
But do n't worry , I 'm sure there are more than enough cracks between me and the hospital to make everything even .
My arms swing as I walk .
My father told me this is natural because humans evolved from horses and we still hold on to the distant memory of walking on four legs .
Arms actually think they are doing part of the walking , he said , and we should let them swing all they want .
As I pass a lamp post , the side of my swinging left hand brushes against the metal pole .
The impact lingers .
I stop , turn around , and pass the grey pole on my right side , trying to recreate the incident for my other hand .
I miss the spot , though , and only touch the lamp post with the back of my hand , not the side , so I just stop right in front of the pole .
First , I softly touch the cold pole with the back of my left hand , getting that bit of unevenness out of the way , then reach out with the side of my right hand to take care of the original problem .
My hands are back to normal again , they can get back to walking .
There 's a crack in the pavement edging out from the base of the lamp post .
Little blades of green grass are growing inside the crack .
I step on it twice with my right foot , cheating a bit , I know , and now it 's five to three , in favour of the left .
< 3 > Sometimes it 's hard to keep track of all the scores .
That 's why when I walk I like to take care of little problems like the one I had with the lamp post right away , so that I do n't get the big ones mixed up .
I used to let everything get out of whack , but that was before my father told me how the body likes everything to be equal .
I came upon him in our living room one evening when he was standing facing the wall next to the mantle piece .
He looked like he was playing a piano , the way he was tapping his fingers all over the wall .
I asked him what he was doing , and he said that he was adjusting the house 's central computer , but I could n't see any buttons or anything .
My mother was lying on the couch nearby , holding an empty glass on her stomach .
She said , " Tell him what you 're really doing , " and he did .
" Tommy , " my father said , " there are bees under my bed .
If I do n't want the bees to come out at night and sting me while I 'm asleep , I have to make sure that everything is even on my body . "
" Even ? " I asked .
I heard my mother groan and she got up from the couch , heading for the kitchen .
" Yes , even , " my father continued .
" You know , Tom , how sometimes you might be walking down the hall and one of your hands touches the wall ?
But you did n't mean for it to touch the wall ?
Well , if you do n't want the bees to sting you at night , you have to touch the wall with your other hand , to make it even .
I want to go to bed now , but I did n't keep up with everything that I did with my fingers today , so now I 'm making everything even . "
He turned around and continued tapping the wall .
" There are n't any bees under my bed , Daddy . " < 4 > " That 's because you 're only six years old , Tommy .
The bees only start coming around when people turn seven . "
My mother was back in the room , I could hear the ice clinking against the sides of her glass .
" Oh , for Christ 's sake , Arnold .
What are you telling him now ? "
My father did not answer her , he just kept making everything even .
My mother took a sip from her glass , wiped her chin , and lay back down on the couch .
" Do you have bees , Mommy ? "
My mother closed her eyes and groaned through another sip , slightly lifting her head from the couch pillow .
She crunched some ice in her mouth .
She was n't opening her eyes so I walked over and shook her arm .
Her lips were gooey wet and she smelled like the medicine she rubbed on my chest when I had the sniffles .
I asked again .
" Bees ?
Me ?
No , Tommy , I killed my bees a long time ago .
Your father just can't get rid of his , that 's all . "
She then seemed to fall asleep , holding her glass on her belly .
I 'm looking for cracks in the sidewalk for my right foot to step on so I can keep the bees away tonight .
I 've been keeping the bees away for fifteen years now .
The feet are the most important to keep even , because the bees love to sting people 's feet .
It 's five to three , in favour of the left .
Somebody 's tin garbage can suddenly gets in my way , and I remind myself to keep checking ahead .
There 's the five story apartment building with the green bench in front of it , only a few steps away .
I stop and turn around to see how big the red owl looks now .
My eyes tell my brain that the sign is about the size of a donut hole , but I know that it 's actually around five feet tall .
In turning , I accidentally swept the side of my right foot against the pavement while my left only touched it with the sole .
I drag my left foot on its side along the sidewalk ; one to one , even .
< 5 > I trudge on towards the hospital .
One step , two steps , three steps .
They probably have those glasses to fix eyesight there , probably kept in a safe or something .
Four steps , five steps , look up .
There 's a telephone booth at the end of the block on my side of the street , so I run across to the other .
I do n't want any hot lava shooting out of the receiver and burning my skin .
There 's another green bench on this side of the street .
I find a crack in the sidewalk next to the bench and step on it with my right foot .
Five to four , in favour of the left .
Running from the lava tired me out , so I decide to sit down for a bit .
I turn and face the street .
The centre of the bench is right behind me .
I raise both arms in the air and sit down slowly on the bench .
Even though I am being careful , the right side of my bum touches the bench first .
I collapse into a regular sitting position , though , keeping my arms in the air , keeping them from touching anything , until I can feel the bench with my entire bum .
I stand up again , my arms are tired , and sit back down , this time purposefully touching the bench with the left side of my bum first .
I check my watch , it 's twenty - two minutes after twelve .
I check my other watch , it 's the same time .
They are still synchronized .
Settled , I fold my hands in my lap .
Now that I am resting , I decide to use the time to get a little bit closer to prettidase - nine .
It 's taking a long time , but I 'm determined to count all the way up to it .
When I began counting to prettidase - nine , starting right from number one , Brian was still the Prime Minister .
It 's a lot of fun , too , because the closer I get to the end of the numbers , the funnier and funnier the names of the numbers get .
< 6 > This morning , back at home , I decided to do nothing at all but go out to the back yard and count .
I was determined to make some progress .
Sitting on my old swing set , I got past santaclaus - nine , cornflake - nine , and gingerale - nine .
After gingerale - nine came nipple .
I laughed so hard when the nipple numbers came up that I only made it to nipple - six before I had to run in the house to tell my father about it .
I pushed the back door open with both of my palms at the same time , a perfect job , and went into the kitchen .
I was really anxious to find my father ; I wanted to show off a little bit .
He 's been trying to count to prettidase - nine , too , but he 's way behind me , stuck at manitoba - seven .
I looked around the kitchen , but my father was nowhere to be found .
I noticed the cutting board was left out on the kitchen counter next to a bowl full of tomatoes .
There was one tomato on the board , half of it cut into thin slices .
There were drops of tomato juice on the floor , a trail , so I followed them .
The little drops of tomato led to the living room , and there was more juice on the beige area rug in the middle of the floor .
There was n't anybody in the living room except for my mother , but she 's always there now , in the green vase on top of the mantle piece .
I said , " Hi , I 'm looking for Dad , " and ran to the staircase that leads up to my parents ' bedroom .
There were drops of tomato all over the stairs .
I got about halfway up before I realized that I was stepping harder with my left foot than with my right , so I turned around and hopped back down , jumping on each step with both feet at the same time .
I climbed to the middle of the staircase again , putting more pressure on my right foot this time , and hopped back down again to start fresh .
Then I accidentally touched the wall with my left hand and had to do the same with my right .
While I was fixing that up , I bit my tongue with the left side of my teeth .
I took a deep breath and told myself to slow down .
If I was n't careful , I could have been stuck at the bottom of the stairs all day .
< 7 > Before fixing the inequalities in my mouth , I called up to my father .
" Are you up there , Dad ? " " Yes , " I heard him answer .
" Can you give me a hand ?
I 'm trying to get even . "
I closed my eyes and concentrated on getting everything fixed as quickly as possible .
I bit down on my tongue with the right side of my teeth and was about to attempt climbing the stairs again when I realized that my eyes had been open when I made the first bite .
I bit my tongue with the left side of my teeth with my eyes closed , then with the right side with my eyes open .
" Tom ? " my father called .
" I 'm coming , Dad .
I 'm just having trouble getting up there again . "
" All right .
Take your time . "
I decided to stop taking chances and hopped all the way up the stairs with both feet .
I fell at the top of the stairs and had to touch my elbows to the floor a few times as I lay on my stomach .
When my elbows were finally even , I got up very carefully , pressing down on the carpet with equal force in both palms , sliding both knees beneath me simultaneously , and rising slowly to a standing position .
I tapped the toe of my right shoe twice on the floor , then my left once and my right again to be sure , and walked to the bedroom .
I pushed the door open with both of my palms at the same time .
My father was sitting on the floor , between the end of the bed and the dresser , naked except for his underwear , sitting in a pool of red tomato juice .
He was making a long cut in his right leg from his foot to his knee with the tomato knife .
I saw a corresponding slash on his left leg and realized that I had n't been following a trail of tomato juice after all .
< 8 > " Are you okay , Dad ? "
He looked up at me and shrugged his shoulders .
His clothes , stained red , lay in a pile beside him on the floor .
He held his left index finger out to me , cut to ribbons .
He put the knife down on the floor and stretched out his other hand , its index finger sliced in similar fashion .
" Do you think they 're even ? " he asked .
There were more cuts on his arms , his bare shoulders , chest , plus the new gashes in his legs .
My father loves toasted tomato sandwiches but sometimes forgets to put on his cutting gloves when he gets a craving .
" They look fine , Dad , " I lied .
" Your fingers are even . "
Actually , his left index finger was in slightly worse shape than his right , but I judged that a few bee stings in the night would be worth it if I could get him to stop cutting himself .
I picked up the knife and passed it back and forth between my hands as I stood over him .
" Hey , " my father said , " I 'm not finished .
Look at this cut here , " he pointed to his left leg , " it 's not as straight as the other one . "
" I think it looks just fine , Dad . "
There was a lot more blood than the last time .
" I think I better get a doctor for you .
I think maybe I should call one from next door this time . "
" No , Tom - the lava ! " " Okay .
I 'll go get a doctor .
Just wait here . "
After nipple - nine comes candlestick .
After candlestick - nine comes rockgarden .
After rockgarden - nine comes corncob , and after corncob - nine comes paintbrush .
After that , paintbrush - one , paintbrush - two , paintbrush - three .
I can't wait to find out what comes after paintbrush - nine , but I should get myself over to the hospital .
I look at my watches .
I 've been sitting for eleven minutes , forty seconds .
I 'll have to wait until it 's been twelve minutes to leave , the next even number after eleven .
I have more time to count .
Where did I leave the knife ?
Paintbrush - four , paintbrush - five .
My watches say it 's been twelve minutes now , so I get up , slowly , carefully .
< 9 > I walk along the sidewalk again , the hospital is in sight now , slightly larger than a breadbox .
I check for cracks in the pavement .
Paintbrush - six , paintbrush - seven .
There 's one !
I step on the crack with my right foot .
The score is five to five , a tie again .
Both feet feel empty .
Paintbrush - eight , paintbrush - nine .
The sun comes out from behind the clouds and everything around me looks a little yellow .
I squint , but my left eye closes just before my right .
Maybe I 'll fix that later .
Let 's see , paintbrush - nine : what comes after ?
I was n't expecting this .
The next number is prettidase .
Prettidase - one , prettidase - two .
It 's nearly over .
If you liked this story , please share it with others : - Printable Version
- iPhone App
- Teaching Materials
- Mark This Story Read
- More Stories By This Author
Sith .
What kind of a word is that ?
Sith .
It sounds to me like the noise that emerges when you block one nostril and blow through the other , but to George Lucas it is a name that trumpets evil .
What is proved beyond question by “ Star Wars : Episode III — Revenge of the Sith , ” the latest — and , you will be shattered to hear , the last — installment of his sci - fi bonanza , is that Lucas , though his eye may be greedy for sensation , has an ear of purest cloth .
All those who concoct imagined worlds must populate and name them , and the resonance of those names is a fairly accurate guide to the mettle of the imagination in question .
Tolkien , earthed in Old English , had a head start that led him straight to the flinty perfection of Mordor and Orc .
Here , by contrast , are some Lucas inventions : Palpatine .
Sidious .
Mace Windu .
( Is n’t that something you spray on colicky babies ? )
Bail Organa .
And Sith .
Lucas was not always a rootless soul .
He made “ American Graffiti , ” which yielded with affection to the gravitational pull of the small town .
Since then , he has swung out of orbit , into deep nonsense , and the new film is the apotheosis of that drift .
One stab of humor and the whole conceit would pop , but I have a grim feeling that Lucas wishes us to honor the remorseless non-comedy of his galactic conflict , so here goes .
Obi-Wan Kenobi ( Ewan McGregor ) and his star pupil , Anakin Skywalker ( Hayden Christensen ) , are , with the other Jedi knights , defending the Republic against the encroachments of the Sith and their allies — millions of dumb droids , led by Count Dooku ( Christopher Lee ) and his henchman , General Grievous , who is best described as a slaying mantis .
Meanwhile , the Chancellor of the Republic , Palpatine ( Ian McDiarmid ) , is engaged in a sly bout of Realpolitik , suspected by nobody except Anakin , Obi-Wan , and every single person watching the movie .
Anakin , too , is a divided figure , wrenched between his Jedi devotion to selfless duty and a lurking hunch that , if he bides his time and trashes his best friends , he may eventually get to wear a funky black mask and start breathing like a horse .
This film is the tale of his temptation .
We already know the outcome — Anakin will indeed drop the killer - monk Jedi look and become Darth Vader , the hockey goalkeeper from hell — because it forms the substance of the original “ Star Wars . ”
One of the things that make Episode III so dismal is the time and effort expended on Anakin ’s conversion .
Early in the story , he enjoys a sprightly light - sabre duel with Count Dooku , which ends with the removal of the Count ’s hands .
( The stumps glow , like logs on a fire ; there is nothing here that reeks of human blood . )
Anakin prepares to scissor off the head , while the mutilated Dooku kneels for mercy .
A nice setup , with Palpatine egging our hero on from the background .
The trouble is that Anakin ’s choice of action now will be decisive , and the remaining two hours of the film — scene after scene in which Hayden Christensen has to glower and glare , blazing his conundrum to the skies — will add nothing to the result .
“ Something ’s happening .
I ’m not the Jedi I should be , ” he says .
This is especially worrying for his wife , Padmé ( Natalie Portman ) , who is great with child .
Correction : with children .
What can you say about a civilization where people zip from one solar system to the next as if they were changing their socks but where a woman fails to register for an ultrasound , and thus to realize that she is carrying twins until she is about to give birth ?
Mind you , how Padmé got pregnant is anybody ’s guess , although I ’m prepared to wager that it involved Anakin nipping into a broom closet with a warm glass jar and a copy of Ewok Babes .
After all , the Lucasian universe is drained of all reference to bodily functions .
Nobody ingests or excretes .
Language remains unblue .
Smoking and cursing are out of bounds , as is drunkenness , although personally I would n’t go near the place without a hip flask .
Did Lucas learn nothing from “ Alien ” and “ Blade Runner ” — from the suggestion that other times and places might be no less rusted and septic than ours , and that the creation of a disinfected galaxy , where even the storm troopers wear bright - white outfits , looks not so much fantastical as dated ?
What Lucas has devised , over six movies , is a terrible puritan dream : a morality tale in which both sides are bent on moral cleansing , and where their differences can be assuaged only by a triumphant circus of violence .
Judging from the whoops and crowings that greeted the opening credits , this is the only dream we are good for .
We get the films we deserve .
The general opinion of “ Revenge of the Sith ” seems to be that it marks a distinct improvement on the last two episodes , “ The Phantom Menace ” and “ Attack of the Clones . ”
True , but only in the same way that dying from natural causes is preferable to crucifixion .
So much here is guaranteed to cause either offense or pain , starting with the nineteen - twenties leather football helmet that Natalie Portman suddenly dons for no reason , and rising to the continual horror of Ewan McGregor ’s accent .
“ Another happy landing ” — or , to be precise , “ anothah heppy lending ” — he remarks , as Anakin parks the front half of a burning starcruiser on a convenient airstrip .
The young Obi-Wan Kenobi is not , I hasten to add , the most nauseating figure onscreen ; nor is R2 - D2 or even C - 3PO , although I still fail to understand why I should have been expected to waste twenty - five years of my life following the progress of a beeping trash can and a gay , gold - plated Jeeves .
No , the one who gets me is Yoda .
May I take the opportunity to enter a brief plea in favor of his extermination ?
Any educated moviegoer would know what to do , having watched that helpful sequence in “ Gremlins ” when a small , sage - colored beastie is fed into an electric blender .
A fittingly frantic end , I feel , for the faux - pensive stillness on which the Yoda legend has hung .
At one point in the new film , he assumes the role of cosmic shrink — squatting opposite Anakin in a noirish room , where the light bleeds sideways through slatted blinds .
Anakin keeps having problems with his dark side , in the way that you or I might suffer from tennis elbow , but Yoda , whose reptilian smugness we have been encouraged to mistake for wisdom , has the answer .
“ Train yourself to let go of everything you fear to lose , ” he says .
Hold on , Kermit , run that past me one more time .
If you ever got laid ( admittedly a long shot , unless we can dig you up some undiscerning alien hottie with a name like Jar Jar Gabor ) , and spawned a brood of Yodettes , are you saying that you ’d leave them behind at the first sniff of danger ?
Also , while we ’re here , what ’s with the screwy syntax ?
Deepest mind in the galaxy , apparently , and you still express yourself like a day - tripper with a dog - eared phrase book .
“ I hope right you are . ”
Break me a fucking give .
The prize for the least speakable burst of dialogue has , over half a dozen helpings of “ Star Wars , ” grown into a fiercely contested tradition , but for once the winning entry is clear , shared between Anakin and Padmé for their exchange of endearments at home :
**{ : .break one} ** “ You ’re so beautiful . ” “ That ’s only because I ’m so in love . ” “ No , it ’s because I ’m so in love with you . ” **
For a moment , it looks as if they might bat this one back and forth forever , like a baseline rally on a clay court .
And if you think the script is on the tacky side , get an eyeful of the décor .
All of the interiors in Lucasworld are anthems to clean living , with molded furniture , the tranquillity of a morgue , and none of the clutter and quirkiness that signify the process known as existence .
Illumination is provided not by daylight but by a dispiriting plastic sheen , as if Lucas were coating all private affairs — those tricky little threats to his near - fascistic rage for order — in a protective glaze .
Only outside does he relax , and what he relaxes into is apocalypse .
“ Revenge of the Sith ” is a zoo of rampant storyboards .
Why show a pond when C.G.I. can deliver a lake that gleams to the far horizon ?
Why set a paltry house on fire when you can stage your final showdown on an entire planet that streams with ruddy , gulping lava ?
Whether the director is aware of John Martin , the Victorian painter who specialized in the cataclysmic , I cannot say , but he has certainly inherited that grand perversity , mobilized it in every frame of the film , and thus produced what I take to be unique : an art of flawless and irredeemable vulgarity .
All movies bear a tint of it , in varying degrees , but it takes a vulgarian genius such as Lucas to create a landscape in which actions can carry vast importance but no discernible meaning , in which style is strangled at birth by design , and in which the intimate and the ironic , not the Sith , are the principal foes to be suppressed .
It is a vision at once gargantuan and murderously limited , and the profits that await it are unfit for contemplation .
I keep thinking of the rueful Obi-Wan Kenobi , as he surveys the holographic evidence of Anakin ’s betrayal .
“ I ca n’t watch anymore , ” he says .
Wise words , Obi-Wan , and I shall carry them in my heart .
♦
So long , and thanks for all the fish blow your socks off .
Off your feet .
While your wear them .
The socks , not your feet .
Anyway , for you young farts who do n't know the comprehensive history of the beatles , four times , but it was also in the back , so screw your historical accuracy .
Astute readers will notice that the way way defunct Buzzcomix vote flash has finally been replaced by a shiny new Livejournal community , Only the finest Beatle related humour at BTC !
Of course I do n't read a lot of webcomics nowadays so odds are someone may have beaten me to the punch ( es ) already , but I 'm willing to take that risk .
If that 's the case though , I 've got a backup comic ready for next week to .
Off your .
While your .
The socks , not your feet .
Anyway , for you young farts who do n't know the comprehensive history of the beatles , Stuart Sutcliffe is the " fifth Beatle " who died of a brain haemmorage shortly after leaving the band , and Mark Chapman is obviously the dude who killed Lennon .
He actually shot Lennontimes , but it was also in the , so screw your historical accuracy .
Astute readers will notice that the waydefunct Buzzcomix vote flash has finally been replaced by a shiny new Facebook dealywhatsis .
Of course we also have an IRC channel Myspace AND RSS feed , but hey what 's one more thing to keep you updated ?
Also you can apparently post fanart and other stuff on the community there .
And use it as an ad - hoc forum .
And for the ladies - topless photo repository .
Alllllright .
Anyway , moving on - bizarre linkage : Things Lady Gaga has humped .
Strangely absent from this list : your mother .
OOOOOOoOOoOOooooooohhh !
Snap !
A Mormon wedding in the Mormon temple
The One and Only
I met my husband , a righteous RM [ a returned Mormon missionary ] , at a dinner group wherein our apartment of " girls " cooked for his apartment of " boys " .
I now look back and see that even the landlords and perhaps others at BYU contributed to the lack of development of the BYU students by not recognizing them as men and women .
Anyway , although we saw each other frequently as part of this dinner group , we went on only four dates prior to our engagement .
Of those , two were group dates .
We were apart during the summer prior to our engagement and he insisted that there be no mushy letters exchanged between us , so everything was quite on a newsy and somewhat superficial level , except that towards the end , he divulged his spiritual side .
My general authority in the making was almost mine !!
I was nearly 21 , an old maid by BYU standards , where so many women / girls ( take your pick ) got married by the mature age of 20 .
We had a short engagement , during which we limited ourselves to five - second kisses in order not to stir up any passions .
Little did I know at the time , there were n't any passions , nor would there be any for the duration of our marriage , for I felt no physical attraction to him .
No wonder , I mused later , it was so easy to comply with our self - imposed restrictions .
At the time , I felt that a spiritual attraction was the ultimate and he certainly was righteous , having served in a branch presidency .
All of our restraint was a sign of our strength .
At no time before or after my marriage do I remember hearing a church leader advise young people to find someone they love , someone they can be emotionally close to for the rest of their lives , someone with whom they could develop a relationship that would grow and flourish .
The " eternal companion " label used again and again always seemed to reek of missionary overtones , not best friend and lover .
The Wedding
A temple marriage was the only way to get married , as I was taught at BYU .
People who got married outside the temple in a civil ceremony were second class citizens who lived with their mistake for at least a year , if not a lot longer .
At the least , those who had civil ceremonies were not as righteous as those who had temple marriages .
Also , they were told they would not have the benefits of being sealed or if they gave birth to children within the first year , of having their children sealed to them .
I was new in the church and quite impressionable .
I wanted so badly to please and impress my friends and church leaders .
So there would be no marriage outside the temple for me .
Although my family lived in another state where there was a temple nearby , they could not attend , so it seemed logical to marry where my husband 's family could attend .
After all , what would a wedding be without guests ?
Cold feet is one thing , but as I sat in my parents ' hotel room the night before the wedding , I wished they would just ask me if I wanted to reconsider and go back home .
They did n't , and I was too proud to ask .
As I have reflected back on it in the years since , I remember my wedding day as one of the worst days of my life .
I agonize still over how much the events which transpired during my engagement and wedding day must have hurt deeply my parents .
I was their only daughter .
Yet , I refused to drive to the temple with them for fear of smelling like my dad 's cigarette smoke .
Surely that would get me in trouble with the people at the recommend desk .
Since the church teaches that Mormons are superior to non-members , I felt justified in more or less snubbing my parents at my wedding , in the name of righteousness of course .
They were , after all , not " worthy " to be at the ceremony .
If they would have only changed their evil ways , i.e. stopped smoking and drinking , and become active , tithe paying members of the LDS church , they could have shared in my happiness .
Of course , my thoughts at the time were heavily influenced by my fellow students and teachers at BYU , but still , I must take full responsibility for this arrogant attitude I portrayed .
I was 21 when I married in the Salt Lake Temple , which to me resembled a magical fairy castle .
I have grieved many times since about my decision to get married in the temple , with only my husband 's family ( many of whom I did not meet until that day or shortly before the wedding ) there and my parents standing outside the temple shivering in the December cold .
My grandparents and my brothers stayed home , as did my aunt and uncle and cousins .
My husband and I got to the temple and waited in a long line of brides and grooms .
What kind of a factory was this , I wondered .
It was so communal and impersonal .
We stood in one line , then in another .
The temple was really busy that day and I did not know my way around , so it was that much more intimidating .
I went to the bride 's room alone , alone with at least twelve or more brides , that is .
All of the other brides there had mothers helping them fix their hair and dress .
I had no one with me .
A temple worker came up and told me that my high - necked , long - sleeved dress was immodest and that I needed to put white fabric inside to " make it look nicer " .
Yes , the fabric appliques might have been a little sheer but nothing was revealed .
I was completely covered .
Nonetheless , I had to remove my dress and put pieces of fabric on under my dress to satisfy the temple worker .
We walked into the sealing room .
Who was there for me ?
Few of my friends were there .
But not my best friends .
Not my soon - to - be former roommates or friends from high school .
Not any of my family or people who really knew me , cared about me , and loved me throughout my life .
The room was full of people I scarcely knew or did not know at all .
The only relatives of my husband 's that I even knew beyond a five - minute hello were not in attendance because of an accident .
I knew we had n't even invited a lot of the people who were seated there and was angry when I found out later that my husband 's mother took the liberty of inviting them .
I thought this was supposed to be my wedding .
The temple sealer gave a short talk on marriage and children .
All I could think was how bad I wanted to get up and run out of the room .
I just wanted to leave and never come back .
These people did n't know me so I would never have to face them again .
But I kept thinking that Christ wanted me to be married and that this was the only way for me to progress .
So I proceeded .
Fake tears of joy came to my eyes at the conclusion of the ceremony which was little more than the opportunity to say " yes " .
There was no music , no flowers , no ring ceremony , nothing like the wedding I grew up looking forward to .
But because of it being sacred ( in my opinion , a secret meant to draw people in ) , I had no way of knowing all of this until it was too late .
We were pushed out of the sealing room by the sealer in order to avail the room to the next couple already waiting .
Cycle time between weddings was about 20 or so minutes , it seemed .
We walked down a long hallway to the temple grounds where my parents were waiting .
Of course , my mom was crying and not tears of joy .
My dad said I looked pretty .
I felt horrible .
I will never forget that sick feeling in my stomach as long as I live .
We got our pictures taken on the steps of the temple , after waiting our turn behind several other couples .
It was a wedding factory .
We were nothing like the happy couple ( one happy couple as opposed to a dozen or more ) coming out of the church with crowds of loved ones throwing rice or confetti I had always envisioned .
My husband 's family seemed to keep to themselves and not even extend themselves to my parents , the foreigners by all accounts .
Of course , my parents , as non-members , were to be feared for their potential evil influence .
My husband 's family have not changed much in the years since either .
Anyone who is not a member or who lives above the poverty level is not righteous like them .
But that is another topic for another time .
My feeble attempt to absolve myself of guilt for not including my parents in the wedding was to have the ring ceremony outside the temple .
Of course , it would happen that my husband did n't have my ring .
Eventually that got straightened out , but it was not what you would call picture perfect or a cherished Kodak moment .
As soon as the pictures were done , we rushed off to a dingy , dirty , poorly lit , cluttered hotel room full of crying children so that my husband , his father , brother , and brothers - in - law could give a blessing to my husband 's brother 's newest baby .
Well , I guess our moment in the sun was done and it was time to focus on the next family event .
The sheer size of my husband 's family meant that there would be several events in a single month , so it was rare that anyone was really special for more than a few minutes , even if it was a wedding day for a family member .
Nonetheless , this little side show blessing hardly seemed like the perfect way to cap off what was supposed to be the morning of my life .
We raced back to BYU after the blessing to our next stop , to turn in my husband 's final paper for school .
Remember , we were BYU students , and there getting married in the middle of the semester or during finals is quite normal and natural .
I had spent the entire day before typing the paper , so I had had little time to get myself ready for the wedding day , but that , too , was normal .
After dropping off the paper , we headed for the hotel .
When we went in , my husband tried to french kiss me .
He might as well have raped me .
Up to that point , I had kissed him for five seconds or less in order to keep our strict moral code intact .
I had a stomach ache for the rest of the day just thinking of what was to come later .
I knew I did not seem like a happy bride but at the same time I felt like no one really seemed to notice .
My husband 's relatives conglomerated in the kitchen of the home where our open house was held .
We , the bride and groom , were sort of the sideshow .
My parents , being non-members , were on the periphery .
I heard later that when my new brothers - in - law learned my dad worked for the government , they nearly decked him ( they were all faithful John Birchers who hated government interference in the lives of citizens ) .
I hated every minute of our reception and was so upset at being asked to open all of the presents afterwards .
And then what we received from my husband 's family was obviously bought at Pic and Save or else 20 people went in on a $ 20 gift .
How generous they were !
How special I felt !
NOT !
Our motel room smelled like smoke .
We masked the smell with mint air freshener provided by the motel office .
There was no other room , nor could we leave and go to another .
We had only $ 3 in funds so we were forced to use my husband 's gas credit card to charge our motel room .
Unfortunately , this was the only motel in town which took his card .
Ironically , and I did not find out until later , the wedding night and honeymoon are supposed to be a groom 's gift to his bride .
I had made all of the arrangements since my husband did not have time .
This pattern of me taking over for his inadequacies continued throughout our marriage .
Some Conclusions
Over the years , the worst cross to bear about my wedding has been having to keep all of this to myself , or , at least , feeling obligated to do so .
Several times , heated discussions between my mother and I nearly ripped me apart .
She continually told me how painful my wedding day was for her , how she threw up in disgust at my marrying into such impoverished circumstances .
( The poverty , too , was normal for BYU students . )
After these discussions , I would go home and cry for days afterwards .
Oh that I could only tell her how painful that day was for me !
But I had to keep up a strong front for the church , so I thought , and I did .
To this day , I cry and sob every time I see a wedding on television or movies , a wedding where the people who are married are surrounded by loved ones in a special , exclusive celebration .
After my daughter was born , I got a glimpse into what it must have been like for my mom to be on the outside while strangers attended my wedding .
I knew how special my daughter was and how much I wanted to share as much of her life as possible .
I realized my mother must have felt likewise for me .
It was much later that I shared with my mom that a temple wedding is not a real wedding as non-LDS people know it .
I feel as if I had no wedding .
It is a simple , generic , impersonal ceremony in a wedding factory .
There are no candles , no flowers , no music , no bridesmaids , no decorations .
Worst of all is the propaganda from the LDS leadership that righteousness ( i.e. pay your tithing , have as many babies as you can as fast as you can , etc. ) , not love , is the main ingredient which makes a marriage work .
For me , this engendered years of guilt because I was unable to reconcile why my marriage did n't work , when I had tried so hard to do what was right .
I do n't blame my husband that I did not love him : I blame the LDS culture and the pressure to be married and to select a spouse based on a checklist approach where righteous and RM are the two key ingredients for a husband .
Also , I do feel that it would have helped if we had gone on more than four dates before we got engaged and written more freely of our feelings when we were apart .
Essentially , we had no courtship , no time of testing the waters of a relationship .
This was fairly typical of many BYU students with whom I came in contact .
I often fantasized about but never had the courage to write a letter to the general authorities of the church , telling them of my deep hurt and grieving over temple marriage , which they continue to proclaim is one of the greatest accomplishments and blessings of all for all LDS people .
I felt like my wedding was a total exception to that .
I often thought maybe hearing a well reasoned letter which describes the excrutiating heartache created by including and excluding families according to their " worthiness " was an absolute travesty .
Yet , I feared that so doing and signing my name would jeopardize my standing in the church .
My wedding broke my heart and that of my family .
In some ways , we may never heal from the pain , each for our own reasons .
Today , I face the prospect of having one or both of my children marry in the temple , since they have been raised in the church and taught that temple marriage is the only marriage truly acceptable to God .
If this happens , at least I will know that what they are getting is an impersonal , watered - down version of a real wedding .
I , like my parents before me , will grieve because I cannot attend and share in their moment , but at the same time , I will grieve more for what they could have had instead , an intimate and personal celebration shared by all of their beloved family and friends , not only those who are supposedly worthy .
Anonymous in SLC
Related topics :
Recovery from Mormonism - The Mormon Church www.exmormon.org
Listing of additional short Topics | Main Page
Back to Recovery from Mormonism
For the most part I seriously enjoyed Mass Effect despite the initial problems I wrote about in my previous post .
After the first couple of missions I had a handle on the gameplay and was at a point where I had the freedom to shoot things up or have deep conversations with my crew at my own whim .
I completed most of the side quests and finished the game wanting more ; I immediately began a renegade playthrough , though I did not have time to get very far .
Overall , Mass Effect took huge steps forward for inclusiveness in games .
Its racial diversity is unlike any I have seen in a game : nearly all of the major and minor human NPCs are people of color , and none of them are stereotypes .
In another impressive step , not only is there an important character — the Normandy 's pilot , Joker — who happens to be disabled , but a conversation with him reveals the many different layers of ableism he has experienced throughout his life .
Unfortunately , the game stumbles when it comes to gender inclusiveness .
While the game seems quite egalitarian on the surface , notably in the ability to choose whether to play as a male or female character , I have noticed some deep sexism in the world - building ( galaxy - building ? ) , some subtle and some not .
I will be writing about how the game explicitly addresses sexism , racism , and other social issues in a future post ; for now I want to examine how the fiction of the game has been influenced by sexism on the part of the developers .
I. The Alien Race of Women — I Mean , Asari
The Asari are the all - female race of blue aliens that are iconic to the game .
The Asari member of Shepard 's crew is Dr. Liara T'Soni , a ( relatively ) young scientist and possible romantic interest for both male and female Shepard .
Liara is a frustrating character because she is likable , but she was clearly designed to be as likable as possible — to a certain type of male gamer .
Go on any gaming forum discussing her and there will be multiple posts talking about how hot she is because she is so “ innocent . "
This perception of her seems to stem from her nervousness when talking to Shepard and her implied virginity .
The positioning of innocence as an attractive trait in women has its roots in patriarchy , related to how patriarchy encourages the infantilization of women : women are portrayed as childlike and unable to make decisions for themselves , necessitating a male protector and provider who knows what 's good for her ( thus maintaining patriarchy , despite how insulting and inaccurate this characterization is ) .
The infantilization of women is seen in many aspects of our culture , and a quick Google search turns up examples in law , religion , advertising , and fashion .
For this reason , I find the obsession with Liara 's innocence to be creepy , not to mention in contradiction with other aspects of her personality , namely her actual age — over 100 — and her extensive experience as a scientist .
( For the record , I also think rompers are awful . )
In addition , while some have praised BioWare for including the option of a lesbian relationship in the game , Liara is , frankly , a cop-out , a way to have hot girl - on - girl action for straight men without actually having any gays : both Liara and the codex explain at length how the Asari do n't really have a gender ( by which I assume they mean " sex " , since sex and gender are two different things and the Asari are clearly gendered female ) and they mate through psychic mind connections .
While I do n't think the actual development of the relationship or even the sex scene is outrageously exploitative ( though I would note that the sex scene with Liara is slightly longer , with more nudity than the others ) , when contrasting the romance options for male and female Shepard , I found the lack of a romance option between two men to be conspicuous .
The absence of a gay male romance , which is due at least in part to the gaming community 's reputation as a notoriously homophobic space , implies that the female Shepard / Liara romance is mostly for straight male titillation rather than a concern for the inclusion of LGBTQI folks .
Obviously , my problems with how one Asari character is written should n't condemn an entire species , but the Asari as a race are also problematic .
In short , they are every female stereotype or cliche rolled up into one new species .
According to the codex , the Asari have three stages of life : the Maiden , the Mother , and the Matriarch ( otherwise known on Earth as the " crone " ) .
These stages just so happen to correspond with what were , until fairly recently though arguably still today , the three acceptable roles for women in society .
Making these archetypes an explicit aspect of an alien race that just happens to be all - female is at worst sexist and at best lazy and uncreative .
In addition , the Asari are sexualized to a much farther extent than any other species ( partially as a result of point two , below ) .
The first Asari the player meets in the game is called the " Consort , " and yes , she runs what amounts to a brothel : clients meet her for her " services , " which may or may not be sex .
Walking through the Consort 's chambers , the player overhears nervous aliens telling the Consort 's aides that this is their " first time . "
While the consort is not explicitly a prostitute , the situation is clearly meant to humorously resemble a brothel .
The player can also watch Asari strippers dance at the club called Chora 's Den .
Thirdly , Liara and the codex both describe how Asari can mate with any intelligent being through a sort of psychic mind - meld .
Now , I am all for science fiction experimenting with different kinds of sexuality and sexual practices , but this is another case of pandering to straight men .
It 's no coincidence that the all - female race is the one that can mate with anybody . *
Even Matriarch Benezia , one of the most powerful and wise beings in the galaxy , is sexualized .
She had to have huge breasts and a revealing outfit because even though she is old and powerful , she still needs to be sexy , as the primary purpose of the Asari ( just like women here on Earth ) is to be attractive to straight men .
Their second purpose is to serve men : as Liara drops her research to serve Shepard , as the Consort serves her clients , as the dancers serve the bar 's patrons , Benezia serves Saren and Sovereign .
This turns her into a villain , but not even a willing one — she loses all agency because of Sovereign 's mind control , breaking it just enough to tell her daughter that she is not worth saving .
In another frustrating move , the Asari are known for their skills with Biotics , Mass Effect 's science fiction version of magic .
This is n't a problem in and of itself , but in the context of video games as a medium and RPGs in particular , there is a sexist trend of always putting women in the role of magic user , with few exceptions , ever since White Mage was the only female character in the original Final Fantasy .
The codex also pays lip service to Asari Commandos , who are described as extremely deadly ; the player encounters them in one battle in the entire game , during which they did n't nearly live up to the hype .
As another detail that serves to emphasize how stereotypically feminine the Asari are supposed to be , the Asari member of the Council is representative of compassion and diplomacy .
Where the Turian member represents military action and strength , and the Salarian represents intelligence and strategy , both men , the Asari member of the Council is the only woman and occupies the traditional role of women : peacemaker .
Because she 's so good at understanding peoples ' feelings .
Again , this is n't bad in and of itself , but combined with all the other ways in which the Asari are stereotypically feminine , it belies the sexist assumptions about women in the mind of the people who created them , namely that the creators buy into gender essentialist arguments about how women are .
( That article even cites the sexist and simply wrong idea behind the arrangement of the Council [ emphasis original ] : " A common corollary belief is that while men are physically and rationally superior , women are morally superior . " )
The Asari are the only alien species in the game with visible females , so they were made to be " hyper- female " , encompassing the stereotypical roles for human women .
This is not only sexist and gender essentialist but a failure of imagination : why would an alien race conform to our ( incorrect , arbitrary ) human assumptions about what women are or should be ?
Good science fiction challenges our deepest - held assumptions , including those about gender , femininity and masculinity .
With the Asari , Mass Effect only reinforces the idea that all women are a certain way , and that way should be as pleasing to straight men as possible .
II .
Why Are There No Ugly Female Aliens ?
In general , the portrayal of women in Mass Effect is better than many games .
It meets the required minimum of having female characters that are n't hypersexualized : they have relatively realistic proportions and their clothing is appropriately similar to the male characters ' , for the most part .
There remains , however , a notable discrepancy between men and women in the galaxy of the game : all the women are hot , but not all of the men are .
Look at the varied body types we see among male aliens in the game .
In addition to the humans ( most of whom , I will grant , are meant to be attractive — Kaiden certainly is ) , we see the lizard - like Turians , the hulking and reptilian Krogan , the large and cattle - like Elcor , the amphibian Salarians , the squat Volus , and the jellyfish - like Hanar .
All the female aliens present in the game , aside from a single female Quarian ( who I will get to in a moment ) , are Asari **.
The Asari , a species with all the issues I outlined above , that seem to be a space representation of femininity .
This is Othering via world - building : male is the default for most races , but the ones that have females at all are so female they encompass female archetypes , run brothels , strip in bars , and have sex with anyone and anything .
Go ahead and do a word search for " female " on those Wikia articles linked above .
It is n't even mentioned on the Elcor or Volus pages ; the only mention on the Hanar page is to say that there is " no discernible difference " between male and female Hanar , which is only problematic because of human sexism — see the side note about gender presentation below .
The only mention of " female " on the Krogan page is how all the Krogan females are on the Krogan homeworld trying to have as many babies as possible .
Convenient !
The only mention of " female " on the Salarian page is to note that the species is 90 % male , and the females also all stay on the Salarian kitchen — I mean , home word , but it 's okay because they are all powerful politicians .
Of course , this means they need n't appear in the game .
How convenient !
The only mention of " female " on the page about the Turians is in the " trivia " section , and it says : " No female turians are seen in the game .
This is because there was insufficient development time and memory budget to support two different versions of the same species . "
This explains everything .
The reason the stuff about Krogan and Salarian females seems like convenient excuses is because they are : when time and budget were tight , the non -hot females were the first to go .
Other than humans , there was only room for one model for each species , and for the most part , the females were disposed of — except for Tali , the only Quarian in the entire game .
Having only males did not stop the developers from having many Turian and Krogan NPCs , so why does the player never encounter even one other female Quarian ?
I mean , other than the convenient excuse that all the Quarians never venture outside of their own fleet ( except when they do ) .
Tali is saved from the chopping block because , unlike Turian or Krogan females , she is acceptably attractive : she has an hourglass figure , a sexy accent , and her mask allows fans to imagine that she has a face like their favorite actress .
The absence of something as insignificant as females may be explained , but that does n't mean it is excused .
And it certainly does n't mean that Mass Effect 's depiction of a galactic society where every single woman , both alien and human , just so happens to have a humanoid body a supermodel would be jealous of is n't sexist , messed up , and wrong .
A side note on gender presentation
The thing that kills me about the " we did n't have time to make any females ! " excuse is that there is no real reason male and female Turians , for example , could n't look just alike above their clothes .
Not all animals on Earth have sexual dimorphism ; why should all aliens ?
Technically some of those Turian or Krogan or Hanar NPCs in the game could be female , despite having deep voices and no breasts .
There is no reason an alien society should have the same ideas about femininity or masculinity as we do ( or have such ideas at all ! ) .
The catch is , only humans are playing Mass Effect ; therefore , any creature lacking sufficient feminine markers are going to be assumed ( in this unfortunate case , correctly ) to be male .
The developers could , however , have easily challenged players ' ideas about femininity by casually referring to the ugly , deep - voiced Elcor ambassador as " she " .
As I said above , good science fiction challenges our most basic assumptions .
Unfortunately , Mass Effect is not good science fiction .
In fact , it seems to embrace our own societal " common wisdom " about women and femininity all too wholeheartedly .
I can only hope someone on the development team has read Ursula K. LeGuin 's The Left Hand of Darkness or some Octavia Butler before writing Mass Effect 2 .
* One thing I do find interesting about the Asari is the idea that " purebloods " — Asari who mate with other Asari — are lesser , as they do n't bring anything new to the species .
It 's an interesting inversion of the " Mudblood " idea ; the term is from Harry Potter , but it 's a common trope in fantasy : see the vast number of stories about half - elves angsting that they do n't belong to either the elf or human cultures .
** Some may object that the Rachni Queen is a female " ugly " alien ; while this is true , they are n't part of Citadel culture in any way ; they are n't meant to be seen as equal to humans or the other intelligent species .
Not only that , but , as an insectoid species , the Rachni Queen 's only purpose is to breed lots of children — quite patriarchal .
Also , one exception does not outweigh the six other species that are " ugly " and all male .
Thank you to Kateri , Simon Ferrari , and Ryan Gan for their help in the preparation of this post .
Read more on the While !
Finished blog .
Researchers have come a step closer to breaking open a common WiFi encryption scheme .
An attacker can now read and falsify short packets in the common TKIP version of WiFi Protected Access ( WPA ) encryption in about one minute — a huge speed increase from the previously - required 12 - 15 minutes .
The hack is not a complete break ; it only results in the ability to read and falsify particular short data packets , but cannot retrieve a WPA encryption key .
Still , the rapid development of WPA hacks suggests that those paranoid about security ensure that their WiFi networks are using WPA2 with AES encryption rather than WPA with TKIP .
The current attack comes courtesy of Toshihiro Ohigashi ( Hiroshima University ) and Masakatu Morii ( Kobe University ) , and it is outlined in a new paper ( PDF ) of theirs called " A Practical Message Falsification Attack on WPA . "
It builds on 2008 research from a pair of German students , research that also attacked WPA TKIP systems and could read individual packets , crafted new data for them , then recalculate a legitimate packet checksum .
That attack , called the Beck - Tews attack , had several weaknesses : it only worked on WPA implementations that supported 802.11 quality of service ( QOS ) features , it only worked on short packets , and it took about 15 minutes .
In less than a year , the Japanese team was able to build on the Beck - Tews attack and apply it to " man in the middle " situations .
The result : an attack that functioned on any WPA TKIP network , regardless of QOS , and one that works in about a minute .
In the paper , the researchers describe a scheme in which a computer and a WiFi access point are far enough apart that neither can communicate with each other — but each can talk to the " attacker " computer sitting between them .
The attacker then acts as a repeater , passing along the proper packets in both directions .
When falsified packets are to be sent , the attacker executes the now - standard " chopchop " attack on a short packet ( often ARP broadcasts ) , deciphers its 64 - bit Message Integrity Code ( MIC ) , and can then craft whatever packet it wants .
The new packet is coded with the proper checksums and passed along to the access point , which should accept it as genuine .
As we noted when first covering the Beck - Tews attack , WPA is " battered but not broken " by such an attack .
These two attacks can certainly present problems , but they do not threaten the overall encryption of the wireless stream .
They do highlight weaknesses of TKIP - based encryption , which was designed to patch up some of egregious security holes in the first WiFi encryption protocol , WEP .
But the good news is that encryption has already moved on .
WPA2 with AES encryption is now standard on most WiFi products and has yet to show similar security weaknesses .
Further reading :
Wi -Fi , since it ’s birth suffers from security issues .
It ’s first Encryption , WEP , can today be broken in a minute .
and Irony —
It ’s still used commonly .
What ’s new ?
Computer scientists in Japan say they ’ve developed a way to break the WPA encryption ( considered secure ) system used in wireless routers in about one minute .
Confused by WEP , WPA , TKIP , AES & Other Wireless Security Acronyms ?
The attack gives hackers a way to read encrypted traffic sent between computers and certain types of routers that use the WPA ( Wi - Fi Protected Access ) Encryption system .
The attack was developed by Toshihiro Ohigashi of Hiroshima University and Masakatu Morii of Kobe University , who plan to discuss further details at a technical conference set for Sept. 25 in Hiroshima .
Last November , security researchers first showed how WPA could be broken , but the Japanese researchers have taken the attack to a new level , according to Dragos Ruiu , organizer of the PacSec security conference where the first WPA hack was demonstrated .
“ They took this stuff which was fairly theoretical and they ’ve made it much more practical , ” he said .
The Japanese researchers discuss their attack in a paper presented at the Joint Workshop on Information Security , held in Kaohsiung , Taiwan earlier this month .
The earlier attack worked on a smaller range of WPA devices and took between 12 and 15 minutes to work .
Both attacks work only on WPA systems that use the Temporal Key Integrity Protocol ( TKIP ) algorithm .
They do not work on newer WPA 2 devices or on WPA systems that use the stronger Advanced Encryption Standard ( AES ) algorithm .
As per that , an existing attack on Wired Equivalent Privacy ( WEP ) was modified to provide a slim vector for sending arbitrary data to networks that use the Temporal Key Integrity Protocol ( TKIP ) .
With the Tews / Beck method , an attacker sniffs a packet , makes minor modifications to affect the checksum , and checks the results by sending the packet back to the access point .
“ It ’s not a key recovery attack , ” Tews said , “ It just allows you to do the decryption of individual packets . ”
This approach works only with short packets , but could allow ARP ( Address Resolution Protocol ) poisoning and possibly DNS ( Domain Name Service ) spoofing or poisoning .
The paper , Practical Attacks against WEP and WPA , is now available for download .
The encryption systems used by wireless routers have a long history of security problems .
The Wired Equivalent Privacy ( WEP ) system , introduced in 1997 , was cracked just a few years later and is now considered to be completely insecure by security experts .
Some researchers claim to be able to recover a WEP key in under a minute from an active network .
How WEP
Hack works ?
The flaw in TKIP has to do with checksums , which are used to ensure the integrity and accuracy of data .
Checksums work by taking a sequence of numbers that are to be transmitted , applying a transformation to produce a short result , and appending that result to the transmission .
For instance , an ISBN that starts with 978 is 13 digits long , 12 of which represent a unique book number .
The 13th is a base 10 number derived from alternately multiplying successive digits by 1 or 3 , adding the results , and taking the modulo of 10 .
If you type in an ISBN incorrectly , a system that recalculates the checksum can determine in many cases if digits are swapped or wrong digits are entered .
With wireless transmission , the odds of missing a bit or getting it wrong are relatively high , and checksums are used both to determine whether there was an error in reception and to ensure the integrity of a packet .
If the payload changes and the checksum does not , then a receiver can tell that the packet was tampered with .
This fell apart in WEP , because the checksum was so weak that techniques were developed to allow the data in a packet to be changed and a new checksum calculated .
Tews mentioned the tool chopchop , which allows individual packets to be decrypted without cracking a WEP key .
This program served as part of the wedge for the exploit .
WPA
WPA is an encryption algorithm that takes care of a lot of the vunerablities inherent in WEP .
WEP is , by design , flawed .
No matter how good or crappy , long or short , your WEP key is , it can be cracked .
WPA is different .
A WPA key can be made good enough to make cracking it unfeasible .
WPA is also a little more cracker friendly .
By capturing the right type of packets , you can do your cracking offline .
This means you only have to be near the AP for a matter of seconds to get what you need .
Advantages and disadvantages
WPA with TKIP “ was developed as kind of an interim encryption method as Wi-Fi security was evolving several years ago , ” said Kelly Davis - Felner , marketing director with the Wi-Fi Alliance , the industry group that certifies Wi -Fi devices .
People should now use WPA 2 , she said .
What is Wifi Alliance doing ?
Wifi Alliance had been active , they mandated Wi-Fi-certified products have had to support WPA 2 since March 2006 .
“ There ’s certainly a decent amount of WPA with TKIP out in the installed base today , but a better alternative has been out for a long time , ” Davis - Felner said .
“ They never achieved an un-hackable encryption . ”
Enterprise Wi-Fi networks typically include security software that would detect the type of man - in - the - middle attack described by the Japanese researchers , said Robert Graham , CEO of Errata Security .
But the development of the first really practical attack against WPA should give people a reason to dump WPA with TKIP , he said .
“ It ’s not as bad as WEP , but it ’s also certainly bad . ”
What can you do ?
Workaround -
You can change from TKIP to AES encryption using the administrative console on your Wireless Routers
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 4.3/10 ( 4 votes cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : 0 ( from 0 votes )
FOR Brian Tapp , not even having a horror day could overcome his bowerbird instincts .
Driving along Alison Road in Randwick last month , the 59 - year - old florist was contemplating failure : evicted from his Clovelly shopfront that morning , he was transferring some effects to his base in Kingsford .
As he passed the entrance to Randwick Racecourse , Mr Tapp noticed something on the road .
He pulled over .
It was 10.15 am .
His day was about to change .
Good Samaritan ... Brian Tapp , left , found Adam Morison ’s wallet and passport and rushed them to the airport so he could catch his flight in time Credit : Dallas Kilponen
Adam Morison 's day was about to change too , but he did n't know it yet .
If anyone in eastern Sydney was feeling worse than Mr Tapp it was Mr Morison , who had arrived at Sydney Airport at 10 am for a noon flight to Bali .
As he got out of his car , he went into a panic : he did not have his wallet , his passport , his money or his itinerary .
'' I was gutted , '' he said .
'' The surfing holiday was over before it had started . ''
Mr Tapp has been a self - described bowerbird for years .
'' I just like picking things up .
Sometimes they 're things that you can't find their owner , like a silver Parker pen I found 30 years ago .
But twice I 've found mobile phones on the street and located their owners .
One was very grateful .
She 'd been having a fight with her boyfriend and he'd chucked it out of the car . ''
Envion
Entrepreneurs have been trying for years to turn low - value wastes into high - value products .
Waste plastic is among the lowest in value , and gasoline or diesel fuel the highest , but machines that carry out that conversion usually consume a lot of energy and get gummed - up by leftover materialthat they cannot convert .
Now a company in Washington , D.C. , is trying out a new way — heating the plastic to a very carefully controlled temperature range , with infrared energy .
The company , Envion , is expected to cut the ribbon on Wednesday morning on a $ 5 million plant that it says will annually convert 6,000 tons of plastic into nearly a million barrels of something resembling oil .
The product can be blended with other components and sold as gasoline or diesel .
“ We are the world ’s largest oil consumer and the world ’s biggest producer of waste , ’’ said Michael Han , chairman and chief executive of the company .
This process will convert one to the other for about $ 10 a barrel , he said .
Montgomery County , just north of Washington , D.C. , apparently agrees , at least to the extent that it is giving Mr. Han a free supply of plastic and a spot at its waste transfer station to set up shop .
Gov. Martin O’Malley of Maryland was scheduled to speak at a ceremonial opening on Wednesday .
A day earlier , Mr. Han pointed out bales of plastics waiting to be shredded and fed into his machine , including planters , McDonald ’s large - sized beverage cups , margarine containers and other materials typical of what suburban residents put out in blue bins once a week for pick - up .
His machine can digest the blue bins , too , he said .
Indeed , the machine will take everything except PET ( the bottle with the “ 1’’ on the bottom ) because those have a higher value on the recycling market , he said .
He will process the caps , though .
( Nationwide , 50 million tons of plastic waste are generated annually , according to the company . )
The finished product looks like a slightly murky lemonade and smells somewhere between gasoline and diesel fuel .
One company has already agreed to buy the material for blending into motor fuel , and Mr. Han said he is in discussion with others .
Envion would like to license its technology for use around the world .
Mr. Han and other company officials were a little vague on some details , which they said were proprietary , but the plant essentially consists of a two - story - high chemical reactor with an internal agitator ( for mixing up the soup ) and heating elements that give off infrared energy .
Another trick is to limit the amount of oxygen .
Because the process is driven by electricity and not with an open flame , the temperature can be tightly controlled , so most of the material — about 82 percent , according to the company — becomes liquid fuel .
Company executives predicted that they would have to shut down to clean out leftover sludge two to four times a year ( conventional processes get clogged much faster ) .
The sludge can be burned for energy too , but it has much lower value .
Production depends on the plastic used as feedstock , but each ton of waste will produce 3 to 5 barrels of product , according to Envion .
Producing a barrel consumes between 59 and 98 kilowatt - hours — two or three days ’ worth of electricity for a typical house .
The price of electricity per gallon comes to 7 to 12 cents , the company says .
Todd Makurath , the director of global brand management at the company , said that because it was all electric , it could be monitored over the Web , with just two employees on site , one to use a front - end loader to dump shredded plastic into the intake hopper and another to “ watch for red lights ” on the alarm system .
“ This could be transformational in how we handle plastics , ’’ Mr. Makurath said .
The Chicken Little thinking of some folks , and even scientists , that pits humans against robots in some sort of nightmarish struggle for global control has to stop .
Making matters worse is the fact that we now have a bunch of learned computer scientists discussing the risks of artificial intelligence run amok .
I have to tell you , at this point , I 'm more worried about the lack of intelligence run amok .
According to a story by New York Times tech writer John Markoff , scientists recently gathered at the Asilomar Conference Grounds on Monterey Bay for a conference on Artificial Intelligence ( AI ) .
If I 'm reading this piece correctly , the whole event revolved around discussing robotic intelligence doomsday scenarios :
What if robots learned to fake our voices ?
What if self - replicating malware and viruses take over all of our computers ?
Is a robot doctor that fakes empathy dangerous ?
( Since I think most of my real doctors have faked empathy , I 'd have to say no to this last one . )
Markoff notes that the AI event organizers ( the Association for the Advancement of Artificial Intelligence ) chose the Monterey Bay , CA location specifically because of another conference that was held there over 30 years ago .
Back then the assembled talked about , among other things , genetically mutated fruits and vegetables .
Thank goodness they did .
After the confab , we all came to our senses and stopped eating really red delicious apples , perfectly yellow bananas , and super - sized tomatoes .
Actually , we did n't .
I mean , I guess the 1975 conference was a wakeup call of sorts .
If it had n't happened , deranged cantaloupes might be roaming the countryside today , looking for fresh lamb or small children to eat .
Okay , I 'm exaggerating .
The 1975 conference only tangentially dealt with genetically - engineered produce .
More broadly , it was about the potential hazards inherent in genetic engineering .
Markoff notes that the conference actually helped further scientific study .
So , it was a course correction of sorts for DNA research .
I wish I could say I thought the outcome of this AI confab would be as positive .
What worries me is that so many people think we need a similar sort of correction for robotics development :
If we do n't control AI , it will control us .
Most roboticists
I 've talked to tell me that sentient beings are at least 50 years or more away .
The " singularity " everyone fears ( where robot intelligence outstrips human intelligence and we lose control of the world ) is not something we 'll see this century or ever , for that matter .
I 'm confident that there wo n't be any Terminators , maid - or sex - bots , or any robots that actually understand or can use human - like emotions in our lifetime .
Humanoid and anthropomorphic robots are not the only ones everyone , including the researches at the AAAI conference , are worried about .
As the article notes , robotics and AI are already everywhere .
You 'll find the technology in our homes , cars , industry , and even in war .
The computer scientists ( indeed , some very smart people ) at this AI conference seem to worry that , at any moment , our anti-lock brakes could decide to lock up and try and kill us , or that an iRobot Roomba robot vacuum could , in a moment of pique , suck up the cat instead of simply eating the cat hair the feline left all over the rug .
An even bigger , perhaps more sinister , threat was also discussed at the conference : Malware and viruses can turn our computers into bots , or as Markoff terms them , " worms and viruses that defy extermination . "
He 's talking about polymorphic viruses , which can change at will sort of .
They actually can only change on a sort of random basis .
So , the malware is programmed to change to avoid detection , but it 's not actively evading a specific kind of detection .
The two actions are unrelated .
We try and detect in one way and the malware changes in a way our software 's not programmed to detectyet .
The virus and malware would change whether or not we were trying to detect it .
That 's not artificial intelligence ; it 's just smart programming . 
A Real Expert
What if I 'm wrong about AI and robotics ?
What if we really DO need to be worried right now ?
I 've been covering robotics for years , but I do n't actually work in the industry .
So , I decided to talk to someone who does .
Colin Angle is Co-founder , Chairman , and CEO of iRobot .
iRobot makes two of the most widely - recognized robots in the U.S. if not the world : The Roomba and the PackBot .
The latter is currently in use in the Iraq and Afghanistan wars .
Angle was particularly blunt in his assessment of the New York Times report : " [ It ] strikes me as a little exploitive and not sure where the point of the article was going . "
As for the conference , he said : " I 'm fine with people worrying about these sorts of issues , but we 're a long way from the place where these guidelines must be put down . "
Angle , like me , is frustrated by how people 's robot fantasies overwhelm their good sense .
Still , when it comes to robotics , it 's always been this way .
" The so - called futurists have been profoundly wrong about robots for 50 years , " Angle told me .
When the Jetsons were on TV , he explained , Rosie the Robot was part of it because people really believed we'd have house cleaning robots in just a few years .
That was 1962 .
" We have Roomba now a far cry from Rosie , " added Angle .
The MIT grad did offer that the current guidelines for military robots , which require " man in the loop , " is a good and necessary thing , and something Angle is not interested in changing .
As Angle told me , it 's not a bad idea to have people thinking about these things , but what the AAAI should be working on is how to push the development of artificial intelligence along at an even faster pace .
Enough with this handwringing and the need to avert non-existent threats .
Listen to nervous Nelly conference organizer and Microsoft researcher Dr. Eric Horvitz : " we have to make some sort of statement or assessment ... people [ are ] very concerned about the rise of intelligent machines . "
Horvitz should know better .
For one thing , today 's robots simply are n't as smart as people think .
i Robot 's Angle told me , " These machines know almost nothing about their environment , except where a wall is and where something might be moving , incredibly rudimentary . "
As for the artificial intelligence Markoff and the AI confab attendees are worried about , that 's essentially in the realm of science fiction , too .
" The amount of understanding and awareness of the environment required to have a robot form a realistic opinion about what is right and wrong is extremely far off , " said Angle .
Why is everyone picking on " intelligent " machines , anyway ?
We 've lived with dumb ones for centuries .
They 've caused their share of accidents , mutilations , and outright disastersusually at the hands of the world 's most sentient beings : humans .
I can't imagine intelligent machines doing any worse .
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Thursday , September 24 , 2009
REUTERS UPDATE : Secret Service confirms that police are shooting # g20 protesters with “ bean bags . ”
But check out what they look like .
Via Keepshooting.com :
A 12 gauge round that direct fires a 26 gram or 40 gram bean bag projectile .
Designed for single target engagement allowing escalation of force from a close distance prior to use of lethal means .
It ’s $ 9.95 per round .
A Effect on target : Incapacitation caused by loss of breath , psychological effect , and / or pain and extreme discomfort .
B. Time to Effect : Instantaneous
C. Duration of Effect : Seconds to Minutes based on power factor , distance and location of strike .
D. Effective Range : 7 yards ( heavily clothed subject ) to 20 yards
G20 Pittsburgh LIVE Coverage : http://reuters.scribblelive.com/Event/G20_Pittsburgh
LIVE : G - 20 Protesters
In Pittsburgh Streets :
http://www.thepittsburghchannel.com/video/21105097/index.html
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
National Guard , police , and other military units attacked American citizens with tear gas and deployed sound cannons today in response to an “ unpermitted protest ” as bedlam hit the streets on the first day of the G20 summit in downtown Pittsburgh .
The First Amendment is officially dead in the United States .
If this is n’t martial law then we do n’t know what is .
Associated Press photographs show National Guard troops in full fatigues with active duty military running checkpoints that make the roadblocks in Iraq positively friendly .
Like Iraq , America is now a conquered nation occupied by troops whose primary function is to oppress anyone who tries to express the freedoms that they once enjoyed .
It all unfolded live on The Alex Jones Show as the Infowars crew called in to the program as sound cannons were turned against protesters who police were attempting to force out of the immediate area .
“ According to news agency reports , officers made their announcement over a loudspeaker telling people to leave or face arrest or “ other police action , ” reports the London Times .
These words were broadcast live on the Alex Jones Show today along with police orders that the “ unlawful assemblies should immediately disperse ” .
“ Protesters at one flashpoint reported the use of tear gas to disperse the crowds , ” reports the Press Association .
Citing Pittsburgh criminal code , police bellowed through loudspeakers that unpermitted protests were a serious offense , an official death knell for the First Amendment .
Corporate media reports will obsess about anarchists causing nuisance without mentioning the fact that the You Tube video below clearly shows police terrorizing neighborhoods with ear - splitting sound weapons that are clearly a violation of all kinds of town ordinances related to public health and noise pollution .
[ efoods ]
Infowars correspondents reported live how police were “ kettling ” protesters into confined areas in an attempt to subdue them .
Jason Bermas reported seeing mask wearing anarchists , who have been caught before on numerous occasions provoking violence as a pretext for the police to crackdown , throwing objects and tipping over garbage cans .
As we have previously reported , 2,500 National Guardsmen along with Marines and the Air Force are stationed in Pittsburgh to provide “ security ” for the G20 summit .
Their primary training routine revolved around “ crowd control ” and dealing with civil unrest .
The sight of troops on the streets of America , even for routine traffic control and “ security ” is now commonplace as the land of the free sinks into a militarized police state .
Watch this space for more coverage from Pittsburgh over the next few days .
Images and videos appear below .
LRADS being used against protesters caught live on The Alex Jones Show .
Numerous videos of G20 protests and police actions can be viewed on You Tube as they roll in here .
Demonstrators run from pepper gas released by police during a protest prior to the start of the G20 Pittsburgh Summit in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania September 24 , 2009 .
A demonstrator sprays water over the face of another demonstrator after police released pepper gas during a protest prior to the start of the G20 Pittsburgh Summit in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania September 24 , 2009 .
A demonstrator kicks a pepper gas canister thrown by police during a protest before the start of the G20 Pittsburgh Summit in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania September 24 , 2009 .
A police officer tries to block a street during a protest before the start of the G20 Pittsburgh Summit in Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania September 24 , 2009 .
National Guard troops man a checkpoint into downtown Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , near the site of the G20 summit .
World economic leaders arrive in the city later today for 2 days of meetings .
Thousands of police deployed behind steel barriers here Thursday to protect a summit of 20 world leaders , as streets were closed and shop windows boarded up in case of violent protests .
National Guard troops man a checkpoint into downtown Pittsburgh , Pennsylvania , near the site of the G20 summit .
Thousands of police deployed behind steel barriers here Thursday to protect a summit of 20 world leaders , as streets were closed and shop windows boarded up in case of violent protests .
A car and driver are screened at a checkpoint by security personnel in downtown Pittsburgh , Thursday Sept. 24 , 2009 .
World leaders are expected in Pittsburgh Thursday for the start of the two - day G20 summit .
An unidentified man holds an American flag upside , near a military checkpoint in downtown Pittsburgh , Thursday Sept. 24 , 2009 .
World leaders are expected to begin a two - day G20 summit in Pittsburgh on Thursday .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
OTTAWA–The International Monetary Fund says most countries will need to raise taxes to pay off the trillions of dollars they spent fighting the global recession .
IMF chief economist Olivier Blanchard says in an article to be published today that governments acted properly in ramping up spending to stop the worst slump since World War II .
Soon , he says , nearly all countries will have to raise taxes to pay the recovery bill .
Canada 's Finance Minister Jim Flaherty has rejected the idea he will have to raise taxes to pay off about $ 47 billion in stimulus spending .
Blanchard , meanwhile , says with the recession virtually over , what is left are deep scars that will take years to heal .
He sees positive growth for most countries in the next few years , but says it will be sluggish .
" The recovery has started , " Blanchard says in the paper released by the Washington - based lender .
" The crisis has left deep scars , which will affect both supply and demand for many years to come . "
In many countries , the potential exists for economies never to return to where they stood before the recession hit , Blanchard states .
A rebalancing among nations is also needed , the IMF says , with countries like the United States increasing imports and economies like China increasing exports .
Having rescued economies from Pakistan to Iceland in the past year , the IMF is advising officials to keep economic stimulus in place no longer than needed to chart a path to sustainable growth .
Blanchard calls that process a " delicate rebalancing act , " in which capital flows to emerging markets " may not fully come back in the next few years . "
Most economies may expand for a few quarters but " growth will not be quite strong enough " to reduce unemployment , unlikely to crest until some time next year , he adds .
The IMF has said the world economy would expand 2.5 per cent in 2010 , not 1.9 per cent as it predicted in April .
But this year 's contraction will be 1.4 per cent , worse than the 1.3 per cent drop the IMF saw in April .
Blanchard cautions that rising government debt levels mean fiscal stimulus programs cannot continue for " very long " unless private consumption and investment replace public support for growth .
" We may not go back to the old growth path , " he said in the paper .
He adds that a sustained global recovery may hinge on the ability of Asia to boost domestic demand to levels that help U.S. exports .
" The United States was not only at the origin of the crisis .
It is central to any world recovery . "
Inability or unwillingness by China , Japan and other Asian economic powers to reduce current - account surpluses could lead to a slower U.S. recovery and political pressure to pump in more fiscal stimulus and borrow more .
U.S. inability to trim debt , then , would become a concern .
Fiscal deficits could feed " worries about U.S. government bonds and the dollar ... causing large capital flows from the United States , " Blanchard added .
" Dollar depreciation may take place , but in a disorderly fashion , leading to another episode of instability and high uncertainty " that could derail recovery .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
From the Star 's wire services
A company called tenCube has announced the release of their WaveSecure mobile security application for the Android platform .
Â
Already available in S60 and Windows versions , the app promises to be a complete device and data security app .
The app is in beta so the developers are looking for some help in putting together a great product .
Â
If security apps are your thing , then we suggest you check it out .
According to their blog , WaveSecure offers the following features :
Lock your phone remotely to prevent unauthorized access to your phone
Track your phone ’s location and the SIM changes in your phone ( even if your phone is not with you ! )
Backup your contacts , SMS , media and call logs
Restore your contacts and SMS
Remotely wipe your data on your phone and memory card
If you want to find the app in the Android Market , you need to search for ‘ wsandroid ‘ .
Â
Of course , you can also break out your trusty Android handset and scan the barcode found at the bottom of this article .
Â
Be sure to let them know what you think could improve or enhance the app !
" That blasted siren .
I ca n't focus . "
That reaction to undesired distraction may signal a person 's low working - memory capacity , according to a new study .
Based on a study of 84 students divided into four separate experiments , University of Oregon researchers found that students with high memory storage capacity were clearly better able to ignore distractions and stay focused on their assigned tasks .
Principal investigator Edward K. Vogel , a UO professor of psychology , compares working memory to a computer 's random - access memory ( RAM ) rather than the hard drive 's size -- the higher the RAM , the better processing abilities .
With more RAM , he said , students were better able to ignore distractions .
This notion surfaced in a 2005 paper in Nature by Vogel and colleagues in the Oregon Visual Working Memory & Attention Lab .
In experiments with some variations in approaches -- detailed in the July 8 issue of the Journal of Neuroscience -- students ' brain activity was monitored using electroencephalography ( EEG ) while they studied images on a computer screen , recognizing a shape with a missing component , and then identifying the object after it moved simply to another location or amid distractions .
Using a " task irrelevant probe " -- a 50 millisecond - long flash of light -- Vogel and Keisuke Fukuda , a doctoral student of Vogel 's and lead author , were able to determine where exactly a subject 's attention was focused .
All of the subjects were able to quickly and accurately identify the targets when the objects moved around the screen , but as distracting components were added some maintained accuracy while others diverted their attention and slipped in performing the assigned tasks .
( Vogel describes his research in a video at : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cmToeopS9bY.)
University of Oregon psychologist Ed Vogel studies working memory , which he likens to a computer 's random access memory .
People with a lot of RAM are able to stay on task easier .
( Photo Credit : University of Oregon )
Vogel is quick to say that the findings do n't necessarily signify problems for an easily distracted person , although people who hold their focus more intensely tend to have higher fluid intelligence ; they score higher on achievement tests , do better in math and learn second languages easier than peers who are captured by interruptions .
Vogel currently is working with other UO researchers to explore if the easily distracted indeed have a positive side , such as in artistic creativity and imagination .
The new research , funded by the National Science Foundation , zeroed in on the brain 's prefrontal cortex -- a region linked to executive function and under scrutiny for its association with many neurological disorders -- and the intraparietal sulcus ( IPS ) , which is involved in perceptual - motor coordination , including eye movements .
The IPS , Vogel said , acts as a pointer system that seeks out goal - related cues , and it possibly is the gateway for memory circuitry in the brain .
" Our attention is the continual interplay between what our goals are and what the environment is trying to dictate to us , " Vogel said .
" Often , to be able to complete complex and important goal - directed behavior , we need to be able to ignore salient but irrelevant things , such as advertisements flashing around an article you are trying to read on a computer screen .
We found that some people are really good at overriding attention capture , and other people have a difficult time unhooking from it and are really susceptible to irrelevant stimuli . "
Vogel theorizes that people who are good at staying on focus have a good gatekeeper , much like a bouncer or ticket - taker hired to allow only approved people into a nightclub or concert .
Understanding how to improve the gatekeeper component , he said , could lead to therapies that help easily distracted people better process what information is allowed in initially , rather than attempting to teach people how to force more information into their memory banks .
Source : University of Oregon
Jolicloud is a new Linux based operating system aimed at netbooks .
currently , it ’s available on invite basis , but we managed to get our Hands - on .
This OS is built on Debian Flavor : Ubuntu Netbook Remix ( 9.04 ) .
The OS has been modified to create even more lighter , stripped down version good enough for Netbooks .
At first glance it looks like nothing more than Ubuntu with a new skin , but dp n’t be mistaken , the difference is much more than visuals .
Jolicloud changed the approach to the OS .
They have introduced an App Store type program that offers installation of web applications along with traditional desktop apps .
It uses Mozilla Prism and has web based applications like Facebook , Gmail , and Wikipedia , can be installed .
Each of them gets their own icon in the launcher , and run without the aid of a browser .
( though on backend , it ’s the browser engine that runs them )
Using Jolicloud
I do n’t own a Netbook .
So what I did was I emulated one via virtualbox with 1CPU thread and a typical 512 mb ram ( similar to that of low - end netbook ) .
I wanted to know how bad it could perform .
But I was surprised .
I ’ve been running Jolicloud for around 2 days now .
My first impression over the product was solid .
From the very first look , I knew that a lot of thought had been put into the design of the OS , optimizing it for use on smaller < netbook > screens .
It ’s way easy to navigate even when you ’re not familiar with all the buttons and processes .
I`ll compare the ease paradigm to switching from Windows Mobile 6 on your smartphone to the iPhone OS : it ’s incredibly easy to get used to , and it ’s just a better general user experience , but in this case , particularly if you use a lot of web applications .
It ’s very easy to install different applications .
Even my younger cousin , ( who ’s 11 ) , was able to install few apps for me .
The only hick - up I ’ve noticed so far is that sometimes you ’ll get a absurd delay with a black screen in the portions of windows , when you start application from the My Jolicloud interface for no apparent reason ( it could be a problem with my virtualization , incompatibility , as well ) , but apart from that it ’s all pretty impressive , and most important : FAST .
The task bar or the apps bar sits at the top of your screen nicely , containing all the apps you ’re running in tabs with illustrative icons , making it easy to switch between applications .
This includes Firefox , which comes pre-installed and , enables you to do install add - ons and plug-ins , all the usual stuff .
Now , they are in phase of adding more Jolicloud specific apps and system utilities .
Probably , I`ll update this when I get hands - on it .
What ’s included right now is Wine :
The famous app that lets you run windows app on this box .
In all the applications I installed , there was one thing common :
There are no menus and no controls - no back and forward navigation buttons .
This a disadvantage but this is n’t that significant because of the following fact .
Consider this , when using Gmail , how often do you hit the back button ?
As web apps become more and more like traditional apps , we think the interfaces will all trend toward self - sufficiency and make browser controls obsolete .
In addition to application installation , the Jolicloud app offers some social networking functions .
Each user has their own profile and there are lists for Following , Followers , and Latest Members .
One of the features enables it to track which computers are associated with your account .
The OS makes it possible for the customizations and settings such as bookmarks to travel with you from one computer to another .
Right now it is free and I hope , It will remain same .
Verdict
Jolicloud starts with a great OS , Ubuntu Netbook Remix , and couples it with a different way to use existing web applications .
I believe , developers have done a good job integrating Prism into their interface and find it very usable .
Particularly for people like myself , who use a lot of web applications on a daily basis , it ’s definitely a step up from running Windows XP on netbooks .
The design of the system is spot on , the processes are straightforward .
That said , I have my doubts about the potential of the OS to become more than a niche product for people aleady using a niche product ( netbooks ) , and it will be interesting how much of a competitor Google turns out to be with Android , which is poised to become a netbook - specific OS in the coming years .
At this moment it seems like a great idea , when an equivalent excitement is made by google over the Chrome OS .
Update :
We know of Chrome OS Facts , Jolicloud looks better than Chrome OS
( Go ahead and ask for an invite at jolicloud.com , if you are lucky , you will get it , and let us know what you think . )
It 's very likely that you 've played the hell out of one of Flashbang Studio 's games .
They 've been on a roll the past few years with releases like Off Road Velociraptor Safari and Minotaur China Shop .
Matthew Wegner and Steve Swink are two members of the team behind these games .
Not only that , but they 're also behind the Independent Games Summit at GDC Austin 09 .
They 've been around for every talk , and today they got to do one of their own .
In it , the full title of which was " The Blurst of Times : How to Make a ( Shader - Heavy , Physics - Based , 3D ) Game in 8 Weeks " , the guys explained Flashbang 's history , what they have done right , and what they have done wrong .
Hit the jump for a summary of the talk , sans the image macros they dug up from Reddit to lace their presentation with .
They opened the talk by telling everyone a little about themselves and showing off some funny pictures they 'd found on the Internet .
Then , a flowchart popped up on the projector screen : make casual game >
$ $ $ $ $$ > profit .
They explained that this flowchart shows the wrong way to go about things , but it was the way that they thought was right when they first started making games .
With a casual focus , they made three games .
Each one was a simplistic puzzle game , and by the time they were almost finished with the third , they found that they hated making games like these .
The third game was very polished , but never released due to this revelation .
From this point on , they decided to switch gears ( while a picture of a chihuahua with a shotgun appeared on the screen ) .
Instead of focusing on casual games , they would instead make a lot of prototypes and put them on the Internet .
The ones that the Internet enjoyed , they would take and make better .
They then went through all of their games made prior to 2009 .
Their first made after the change , , was a game made in two weeks .
Six months went behind the next game , , which was a physics based game inspired by .
Next came , which marked the point where Flashbang 's games were starting to become very popular .
Matthew asked the crowd who had played the game , and almost every hand went up . , the next game in the time line , was the largest one that Flashbang has ever made .
It took four months to make .
It was followed by , a much more quickly made game that wrapped up the year 2008 .
At the end of this year , they had another revelation .
Their small games were doing so well on their own merits that they decided to keep going , leaving behind the idea that they wanted to pick one out and improve upon it .
They came up with an eight week development cycle to stick to , learning from the mistakes they had made with .
" We really blew the scope of the game .
It was first project we worked on with a bigger team , so we used that manpower to make more content instead of polishing what was there .
" Another flowchart was shown , this one depicting the details of their eight week cycle .
The first two weeks are spent prototyping a game , conceptualizing , making sure that all of the basics will work , and so on .
The next five weeks are spent developing and fine tuning the game .
The final week of the cycle is dedicated to launch preparation .
In addition to making sure everything 's ready to be published to Blurst , they also take care of press releases .
The game itself is finished before this final week begins .
Steve adds that the best way to make a game in just eight weeks is to " cheat as much as possible " .
The duo then began to go into their 2009 lineup of games .
The first up was , the first game that they worked on nothing but from start to finish .
Beforehand , they would often work on one thing , then another , then go back to the first thing .
Although it was n't developed by Flashbang , they gavea mention .
Then they showed offand , and joked that the latter had a " very sophisticated taco system " .
When they lined up all of these games side by side and compared them by the amount of work that went into them , they found that the smaller games were more successful than the larger ones like
They then showed the audience their site stats , which showed huge spikes in visits around each game 's launch .
The biggest spike , of course , belonged to , and it is to date still their most popular game .
The guys mentioned that while they are still sticking to their plans not to pick out games from their lineup and improve on them , they do plan to givethe treatment .
Matthew and Steve changed the topic to Flashbang itself , and started out by saying that there are huge advantages to being an independent .
" It allows you to look beyond the scope of the workplace , " Matthew said .
He went on to explain that the best investment the company has ever made was not the computers or the new chairs in the office , but gym memberships for every employee .
" Being fit is a big part of being a good game developer .
If you are unhealthy or unhappy , it will affect your performance . "
An image macro of a monkey ( hitman monkey finds no joy in his job ) was added for effect .
The next subject was focus .
They stressed the importance of working on single tasking , and having no interruptions whatsoever .
Steve said , " Understand that people 's time is important .
Respect your own time and the time of others , and everyone gets a ton more work done . "
He then offered another nugget of wisdom : " Instead of scheduling fun time , like most people would do , schedule your work time .
Say , ' I have work till 3:00 , and then I can play . '
You look more forward to work this way .
" Another advantage to being indie is the immense amount of communication that the team can keep up .
They have several different ways to communicate with one another what they are doing , what they actually have done at the end of the day , and so on .
It helps things to run a lot smoother .
As they speak of the importance of realtime communication , an image of an armless dog walking on its hind legs is shown .
Going more into how to communicate effectively , the best piece of advice that the guys give is that having everyone sit close to one another is ideal .
Flashbang 's workplace has all of the developers in one big , open office , making communication extremely easy .
This portion was accompanied by a series of images : two laptops back to back ( good ) , two people sitting close to one another , staring at a computer screen that the viewer can't see ( better ! ) , and a screenshot of twocharacters having sex ( " I tried to find the most disturbingimage , " Steve chuckled ) .
Switching gears again , they went on to discuss creativity and brainstorming .
According to Steve , Flashbang has a " special brand of retarded awesome " that fuels the ideas that go into their games .
They explained the very basic , silly ideas that a few of their games were based upon ; for example , was influenced by British imperialism and feathered raptors .
They stressed the importance of keeping creativity organic in nature .
Next , some tips on how to amplify creativity when making up game concepts .
They tell the audience that when they 're trying to answer a question about their design to never settle for the first answer .
They also say that " people like ______ " is not a design philosophy .
" Make games for yourself , not your audience .
" The last topic they tackled was technology .
All they had to say on the matter was if you are making a 3D game , use Unity .
If it 's a 2D game , use Flash .
The duo ended their talk with one overarching piece of advice each .
Matthew likened game development to composing a piece a music ; start with a single melody , because if that one awesome nugget of melody is there , you can't do anything else .
Steve asked the developers in the audience to not be afraid to try anything .
Their ideas and ways of doing things may be " retarded awesome " , but as Steve mentioned earlier in the panel , there is a difference between it and just plain retarded .
Their way of doing things has worked wonderfully for them so far , and as they figure out more and more the direction they want to head , we can only expect even greater things out of Flashbang in the years to come .
Earlier today , Fox host Trace Gallagher interviewed Sen. Debbie Stabenow ( D - MI ) on the " Cash for Clunkers " program .
Gallagher , being a Foxer , tried to get Stabenow to admit the program was an abysmal failure , but Stabenow not only held her own , she absolutely destroyed Gallagher 's criticism .
So what did Gallagher do ?
He cut the interview short ( at the 1:58 mark in this video ) , claiming that he had " breaking news " to deliver .
What was the breaking news ?
" Brand new video " from Discovery Channel 's " Shark week . "
( In case you 're wondering , Gallagher 's " breaking news " was n't a reference to the release of the journalists from North Korea .
That was n't reported until the following hour , about fifteen minutes into Shepherd Smith 's broadcast . )
Here we have yet another reason why Democrats should never go on Fox : when you manage to succinctly crush their right - wing talking points , they 'll just cut you off .
It 's literally a no - win situation .
After years as energy - efficiency laggards , China and a number of other fast - growing emerging markets are putting a high priority on restraining oil demand .
Stung by high energy costs prior to the world recession , these countries are implementing a host of measures to try to contain energy consumption and damp the impact of future oil - price spikes .
Among other things , they 're laying down tough new efficiency standards on everything from cars to buildings to home appliances .
Fatih ...
Are we on the brink of creating a computer with a human brain ?
Professor Markram claims he plans to build an electronic human brain ' within the next ten years '
There are only a handful of scientific revolutions that would really change the world .
An immortality pill would be one .
A time machine would be another .
Faster - than - light travel , allowing the stars to be explored in a human lifetime , would be on the shortlist , too .
To my mind , however , the creation of an artificial mind would probably trump all of these - a development that would throw up an array of bewildering and complex moral and philosophical quandaries .
Amazingly , it might also be within reach .
For while time machines , eternal life potions and Star Trek - style warp drives are as far away as ever , a team of scientists in Switzerland is claiming that a fully - functioning replica of a human brain could be built by 2020 .
This is n't just pie - in - the - sky .
The Blue Brain project , led by computer genius Henry Markram - who is also the director of the Centre for Neuroscience & Technology and the Brain Mind Institute - has for the past five years been engineering the mammalian brain , the most complex object known in the Universe , using some of the most powerful supercomputers in the world .
And last month , Professor Markram claimed , at a conference in Oxford , that he plans to build an electronic human brain ' within ten years ' .
If he is right , nothing will be the same again .
But can such an extraordinary claim be credible ?
When we think of artificial minds , we inevitably think of the sort of machines that have starred in dozens of sci - fi movies .
Indeed , most scientists - and science fiction writers - have tended to concentrate on the nuts and bolts of robotics : how you make artificial muscles ; how you make a machine see and hear ; how you give it realistic skin and enough tendons and ligaments underneath that skin to allow it to smile convincingly .
But what tends to be glossed over is by far the most complex problem of all : how you make a machine think .
This problem is one of the central questions of modern philosophy and goes to the very heart of what we know , or rather do not know , about the human mind .
Most of us imagine that the brain is rather like a computer .
And in many ways , it is .
It processes data and can store quite prodigious amounts of information .
' They are copying a brain without understanding it '
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
//////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
But in other ways , a brain is quite unlike a computer .
For while our computers are brilliant at calculating the weather forecast and modelling the effects of nuclear explosions - tasks most often assigned to the most powerful machines - they still cannot ' think ' .
We can not be sure this is the case .
But no one thinks that the laptop on your desk or even the powerful mainframes used by the Met Office can , in any meaningful sense , have a mind .
So what is it , in that three pounds of grey jelly , that gives rise to the feeling of conscious self - awareness , the thoughts and emotions , the agonies and ecstasies that comprise being a human being ?
This is a question that has troubled scientists and philosophers for centuries .
The traditional answer was to assume that some sort of ' soul ' pervades the brain , a mysterious ' ghost in the machine ' which gives rise to the feeling of self and consciousness .
If this is the case , then computers , being machines not flesh and blood , will never think .
We will never be able to build a robot that will feel pain or get angry , and the Blue Brain project will fail .
But very few scientists still subscribe to this traditional ' dualist ' view - ' dualist ' because it assumes ' mind ' and ' matter ' are two separate things .
Instead , most neuroscientists believe that our feelings of self - awareness , pain , love and so on are simply the result of the countless billions of electrical and chemical impulses that flit between its equally countless billions of neurons .
So if you build something that works exactly like a brain , consciousness , at least in theory , will follow .
In fact , several teams are working to prove this is the case by attempting to build an electronic brain .
They are not attempting to build flesh and blood brains like modern - day Dr Frankensteins .
They are using powerful mainframe computers to ' model ' a brain .
But , they say , the result will be just the same .
Two years ago , a team at IBM's Almaden research lab at Nevada University used a BlueGene / L Supercomputer to model half a mouse brain .
Half a mouse brain consists of about eight million neurons , each of which can form around 8,000 links with neighbouring cells .
Creating a virtual version of this pushes a computer to the limit , even machines which , like the BlueGene , can perform 20 trillion calculations a second .
The ' mouse ' simulation was run for about ten seconds at a speed a tenth as fast as an actual rodent brain operates .
Nevertheless , the scientists said they detected tell - tale patterns believed to correspond with the ' thoughts ' seen by scanners in real - life mouse brains .
It is just possible a fleeting , mousey , ' consciousness ' emerged in the mind of this machine .
But building a thinking , remembering human mind is more difficult .
Many neuroscientists claim the human brain is too complicated to copy .
' Turning it off might be seen as murder '
////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////// //////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////////
Markram 's team is undaunted .
They are using one of the most powerful computers in the world to replicate the actions of the 100 billion neurons in the human brain .
It is this approach - essentially copying how a brain works without necessarily understanding all of its actions - that will lead to success , the team hopes .
And if so , what then ?
Well , a mind , however fleeting and however shorn of the inevitable complexities and nuances that come from being embedded in a body , is still a mind , a ' person ' .
We would effectively have created a ' brain in a vat ' .
Conscious , aware , capable of feeling , pain , desire .
And probably terrified .
And if it were modelled on a human brain , we would then have real ethical dilemmas .
If our ' brain ' - effectively just a piece of extremely impressive computer software - could be said to know it exists , then do we assign it rights ?
Would turning it off constitute murder ?
Would performing experiments upon it constitute torture ?
And there are other questions , too , questions at the centre of the nurture versus nature debate .
Would this human mind , for example , automatically feel guilt or would it need to be ' taught ' a sense of morality first ?
And how would it respond to religion ?
Indeed , are these questions that a human mind asks of its own accord , or must it be taught to ask them first ?
Thankfully , we are probably a long way from having to confront these issues .
It is important to stress that not one scientist has provided anything like a convincing explanation for how the brain works , let alone shown for sure that it would be possible to replicate this in a machine .
Not one computer or robot has come near passing the famous ' Turing Test ' , devised by the brilliant Cambridge scientist Alan Turing in 1950 , to prove whether a machine could think .
It is a simple test in which someone is asked to communicate , using a screen and keyboard , with a computer trying to mimic a human , and another , real human .
If the judge cannot tell the machine from the other person , the computer has ' passed ' the test .
So far , every computer we have built has failed .
Yet , if the Blue Brain project succeeds , in a few decades - perhaps sooner - we will be looking at the creation of a new intelligent lifeform on Earth .
And the ethical dilemmas we face when it comes to experimenting on animals in the name of science will pale into insignificance when faced with the potential torments of our new machine mind .
Native to Kenya , the rock agama ( Agama mwanzae ) is unable to throw webs , but can change colour – the brightly coloured males will change brown at night or if frightened .
They can also run on their hind legs , and – like Spidey – can scale vertical walls .
source article
The right - wing accusations against Barack Obama are true .
He is a socialist , although he practices socialism for corporations .
He is squandering the country 's future with deficits that can never be repaid .
He has retained and even bolstered our surveillance state to spy on Americans .
He is forcing us to buy into a health care system that will enrich corporations and expand the abuse of our for - profit medical care .
He will not stanch unemployment .
He will not end our wars .
He will not rebuild the nation .
He is a tool of the corporate state .
The right wing is not wrong .
It is not the problem .
We are the problem .
If we do not tap into the justifiable anger sweeping across the nation , if we do not militantly push back against corporate fraud and imperial wars that we cannot win or afford , the political vacuum we have created will be filled with right - wing lunatics and proto - fascists .
The goons will inherit power not because they are astute , but because we are weak and inept .
Violence is a dark undercurrent of American history .
It is exacerbated by war and economic decline .
Violence is spreading outward from the killing fields in Iraq and Afghanistan to slowly tear apart individuals , families and communities .
There is no immunity .
The longer the wars continue , the longer the members of our working class are transformed by corporate overlords into serfs , the more violence will dominate the landscape .
The slide into chaos and a police state will become inevitable .
The soldiers and Marines who return from Iraq and Afghanistan are often traumatized and then shipped back a few months later to be traumatized again .
This was less frequent in Vietnam .
Veterans , when they get out , search for the usual escape routes of alienation , addictions and medication .
But there is also the escape route of violence .
We risk creating a homegrown Freikorps , the demobilized German soldiers from World War I who violently tore down the edifice of the Weimar Republic and helped open the way to Nazism .
The Afghanistan and Iraq wars have unloaded hundreds of thousands of combat troops , suffering from post - traumatic stress disorder or major depression , back into society .
According to a joint Veterans Affairs Department - University of San Francisco study published in July , 418,000 of the roughly 1.9 million service members who have fought in or supported the wars suffer from PTSD .
As of August 2008 , the latest data available , about a quarter - million military veterans were imprisoned on any given day �about 9.4 percent of the total daily imprisoned population , according to the National GAINS Center Forum on Combat Veterans , Trauma and the Justice System .
There are 223,000 veterans in jail or prison cells on an average day , and an unknown number among the 4 million Americans on probation .
They do n't have much to look forward to upon release .
And if any of these incarcerated vets do not have PTSD when they are arrested , our corrections system will probably rectify the deficiency .
Throw in the cocktail of unemployment , powerlessness , depression , alienation , anger , alcohol and drugs and you create thousands , if not tens of thousands , who will seek out violence the way an addict seeks out a bag of heroin .
War and conflict have marked most of my adult life .
I know what prolonged exposure to industrial slaughter does to you .
I know what it is to confront memories , buried deep within the subconscious , which jerk you awake at night , your heart racing and your body covered in sweat .
I know what it is like to lie , unable to sleep , your heart pounding , trying to remember what it was that caused such terror .
I know how it feels to be overcome by the vivid images of violence that make you wonder if the dream or the darkness around you is real .
I know what it feels like to stumble through the day carrying a shock and horror , an awful cement - like despair , which you cannot shed .
And I know how after a few nights like this you are left numb and exhausted , unable to connect with anyone around you , even those you love the most .
I know how you drink or medicate yourself into a coma so you do not have to remember your dreams .
And I know that great divide that opens between you and the rest of the world , especially the civilian world , which cannot imagine your pain and your hatred .
I know how easily this hatred is directed toward those in that world .
There are minefields of stimulants for those who return from war .
Smells , sounds , bridges , the whoosh of a helicopter , thrust you back to Iraq or another zone of slaughter , back to a time of terror and blood , back to the darkest regions of your heart , regions you wish did not exist .
Life , on some days , is a simple battle to stay upright , to cope with memories and trauma that are unexplainable , probably unimaginable , to those seated across from you at the breakfast table .
Families will watch these veterans fall silent , see the thousand - yard stare , and know they have again lost these men and women .
They hope somehow they will come back .
Some wo n't .
Those who cannot cope , even by using Zoloft or Paxil , blow their brains out with drugs , alcohol or a gun .
More Vietnam veterans died from suicide in the years after the war than during the conflict itself .
But it would be a mistake to blame this on Vietnam .
War does this to you .
It destroys part of you .
You live maimed .
If you are not able to live maimed , you check out .
But what happens in a society where everything conspires to check you out even when you make the herculean effort to integrate into the world of malls , celebrity gossip and too many brands of cereal on a supermarket shelf ?
What happens when the corporate state says that you can die in its wars but at home you are human refuse , that there is no job , no way to pay your medical bills or your mortgage , no hope ?
Then you retreat into your private hell of rage , terror and alienation .
You do not return from the world of war .
You yearn for its sleek and powerful weapons , its speed and noise , its ability to abolish the lines between sanity and madness .
You long for the alluring , hallucinogenic landscapes of combat .
You miss the psychedelic visions of carnage and suffering , the smells , sounds , shrieks , explosions and destruction that jolt you back to the present , which make you aware in ways you never were before .
The thrill of violence , the God - like power that comes when you can take a human life with impunity , is matched against the pathetic existence of waiting for an unemployment check .
You look to rejoin the fraternity of killers .
Here .
There .
It no longer matters .
There is a yawning indifference at home about what is happening in Iraq and Afghanistan .
The hollow language of heroism and glory , used by the war makers and often aped by those in the media , allows the nation to feel good about war , about " service . "
But it is also a way of muzzling the voices that attempt to tell us the truth about war .
And when these men and women do find the moral courage to speak , they often find that many fellow Americans turn away in disgust or attack them for shattering the myth .
The myth of war is too enjoyable , and too profitable , to be punctured by reality .
And so these veterans nurse their fantasies of power .
They begin to hate those who sent them as much as they hate those they fought .
Some can not distinguish one from the other .
As I stared into the faces of the men from A Gathering of Eagles on Saturday at a protest calling for the closure of the Army Experience Center in Philadelphia , I recognized these emotions .
These men had arrived on black motorcycles .
They were wearing leather jackets .
They had lined up , most holding large American flags , to greet the protesters , some of whom were also veterans .
They chanted " Traitors ! " at the seven people who were arrested for refusing the police order to leave the premises .
They sought vindication from a system that had , although they could not admit it , betrayed them .
They yearned to be powerful , if only for a moment , if only by breaking through the police line and knocking some God-hating communist f*ggot to the ground .
They wanted the war to come home .
It is we who are guilty , guilty for sending these young men and women to wars that did not have to be fought .
It is we who are guilty for turning away from the truth of war to wallow in a self - aggrandizing myth , guilty because we create and decorate killers and when they come home maimed and broken we discard them .
It is we who are guilty for failing to defy a Democratic Party that since 1994 has betrayed the working class by destroying our manufacturing base , slashing funds to assist the poor and cravenly doing the bidding of corporations .
It is we who are guilty for refusing to mass on Washington and demand single - payer , not - for - profit health care for all Americans .
It is we who are guilty for supporting Democrats while they funnel billions in taxpayer dollars to sustain speculative Wall Street interests .
The rage of the confused and angry right - wing marchers , the ones fired up by trash - talking talk show hosts , the ones liberals belittle and maybe even laugh at , should be our rage .
And if it is not our rage soon , if we continue to humiliate and debase ourselves by begging Obama to be Obama , we will see our open society dismantled not because of the shrewdness of the far right , but because of our moral cowardice .
Youth - Painted Pro-Immigration Mural Defaced By Graffiti
By Marcus Gilmer in News on Jul 29 , 2009 5:40 PM
Local radio station Radio Arte WRTE 90.5 FM - " a Latino - owned , bilingual , youth - driven public radio station " - is reporting this morning that a youth mural supporting immigration on their Pilsen building , shared with youth arts outreach group Yollocalli , was defaced overnight .
The mural , based on last year 's " A Declaration of Immigration " exhibit at the National Museum of Mexican Art , was defaced with the spray - painted words " LIES " and the phrase " Mexicans Are Racists . "
Part of a youth mural project run by Yollocalli , the mural is scheduled to be complete in August ; muralist Salvador Jimenez has been working with a group of young artists ( ages 16 to 21 ) to create and paint the mural .
According to Yolloccalli [ PDF ] - who has partnered with the National Museum of Mexican
Art on the project - the mural is , " a visual dedication to all immigrants and allies who have marched hundreds of thousands of miles to advocate for fair legislation for immigrants and who have stood strong in the face of anti-immigrant rhetoric . "
We spoke with Vanessa Sanchez , Youth Programs Project Manager at Yollocalli .
Said Sanchez , " From my point of view , it 's just sad .
We 're just trying to share our own point of view about our own people , about other immigrants throughout the nation , and I do n't how the mural relates to what these people [ put on the mural ] ...
It 's sad to think that people would do that to a mural , a work created by youth , and to a community organization .
We 're here for the community .
People just do n't know who we are or what 's going because they did n't take the time to read a statement that we have posted on our door that talks about the mural . "
According to Sanchez , the mural will still be completed on schedule .
We 've reached out to Jiminez for comment and will update when we hear back from him .
Special thanks to Silvia Rivera of WRTE for the tip and her help .
Muse ' would say yes ' to Bond song
New album The Resistance looks set to top the album chart
By Tim Masters
Entertainment correspondent , BBC News
Rock band Muse have said they would be keen to record the theme for the next James Bond film .
" It 's something we 'd probably say yes to , or at least give it a good go , " drummer Dom Howard told the BBC .
The new Muse album The Resistance , released this week , sees the band blending their stadium rock sound with strings and opera .
" Certainly some of our music fits with the James Bond vibe - and I think it could work , " Howard said .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Daniel Craig is due to return as James Bond in the 23rd adventure of the series , although no production date has been announced .
The last James Bond theme - Another Way to Die - was recorded by Jack White and Alicia Keys .
Duran Duran were the last British band to record the Bond theme , more than 20 years ago , for 1985 's A View To a Kill .
" The last few have been pretty good , " said Howard .
" But I think we could do a good job .
Alicia Keys and Jack
White performed the theme song for Quantum of Solace " United States of Eurasia [ from new album ] could have worked but it 's probably a bit late for that now . "
He added that bassist Chris Wolstenholme was a big Bond fan .
Orchestral symphony
The Resistance is the follow - up to 2006's Black Holes And Revelations and features a three - part orchestral symphony called Exogenesis .
So would Muse consider writing a full film score ?
" Matt [ Bellamy ] did the end credits for a film called The International , " said Howard .
" It 's not something we 've done as a band , but we sometimes get asked for that kind of thing .
" It 's a bit weird in the Hollywood world , because you spend a lot time being told what to do and that 's a bit of a pain because we like to do what we want .
" So , I think if you can find a director you can really relate to , and it's a great film , and you know you can work well together , then it could be a possibility . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
( CNN ) -- Paul Jessup is an avid reader who is increasingly turning to e-books to feed his love of the written form .
It 's not just ease of use that draws Jessup to books in a digital form , it 's the potential e-books represent .
E-books , such as Sony 's Readers , are less than 3 percent of the total publishing market , but are catching on fast .
" It 's much better for looking things up , since any e-reader 's search function is 10 times better than flipping and looking and searching on my own " in a printed book , said Jessup , an Erie , Pennsylvania - based writer .
He is one of a growing number of bibliophiles , spurred by new reading technologies like Amazon 's Kindle , who are gravitating to the digital realm .
Key developments in displays are improving e-book reading devices , whether it be E Ink 's displays in products like the Sony Reader and the Kindle , or the easy on the eyes organic light emitting diode ( OLED ) screens being used in netbook computers and smartphones .
Up - and - coming technology promises to enhance e-book reading even further .
Low - power , reflective e-paper displays , which can be read in direct sunlight , are expected to hit the market in the next year from companies like Prime View International and Plastic Logic , said Nick Colaneri , director of the Flexible Display Center at Arizona State University .
" At first these will be flat and largely indistinguishable from the displays in devices like Amazon 's Kindle , " Colaneri said .
" But the availability of a new feature like mechanical flexibility always stimulates the creative energies of designers . "
Do n't Miss New Sony Reader adds wireless downloads
Truly flexible displays could be available in three to five years , Colaneri said .
Electronic readers could become as thin as a sheet of paper and able to contain hundreds of book titles , magazine articles and other content .
Internet connectivity will go hand in hand with these devices , letting consumers download content from just about anywhere using Wi-Fi or mobile phone networks .
In fact , they already can .
The Kindle connects wirelessly to Amazon 's store , allowing users to buy and download books to the device within minutes .
Not to be outdone , Barnes & Noble recently launched its own e-book store and an e-reader app that allows users to download books to their smartphones .
Last month , Sony announced its first e-book reader with built - in wireless capability .
The Reader Daily Edition will sell for $ 399 when it debuts in December .
Apple also is rumored to be working on a wireless tablet device with a large screen that would be better suited than an iPhone for reading digital content .
It seems the time is right for these advances .
E - book sales are seeing a significant upswing , said Hugh McGuire , CEO of Book Oven , an online company that builds
Web tools for publishing e-books and print - on - demand titles .
" The U.S. wholesale e-book market was about $ 50 million in 2008 ( retail would be about double ) , but it 's growing exponentially , " McGuire said , citing figures from the International Digital Publishing Forum , a group that tracks the e-book market .
McGuire said that in the first quarter of 2009 , the wholesale market was about $ 25.8 million , an increase of 53 percent over the previous quarter .
McGuire concedes that e-books are only 1 to 3 percent of the overall publishing market .
But the success of the Kindle , and moves by Google -- who , along with Sony , is offering free titles online -- indicate a bright future , he said .
" I would expect 20 percent of book sales to be digital by 2014 , but some have predicted an even bigger percentage by then , " he said .
" Twenty percent of the current book market is something like $ 5 billion . "
That raises the question :
What will happen to printed books ?
" E-books will gain , especially in the indie publishing market , making it far easier for a company or individual to sell a quirky , unique book for little money and see profits almost immediately , " said Jessup , the Pennsylvania author and e-book reader .
Even so , Jessup said he believes print and digital books will coexist for some time .
He released his first work , " Open Your Eyes , " as an e-book , but his publisher , Apex Books , lets buyers order the book via print - on - demand .
It 's also available on the Espresso Book Machine , an in - store device from On Demand Books that lets customers at independent bookstores print books .
For e-books to reach their full potential , McGuire said , a shift in thinking is in order .
" [ Publishers ] have long operated in an environment where printing a book was expensive , " he said .
" Shipping it around , stocking it in stores and selling it all represented significant costs .
They still think in this mindset . "
Publishers need to realize that e-books can get titles to more readers for less money , he said .
" Successful publishers will be those who embrace the benefits of e-books and pay more attention to what their readers want . "
All About Books • Amazon Kindle • Sony Reader
After the vote , Mr. Koppell said the existing schedule of religious holidays might have to be reviewed and trimmed , lest other growing religions in New York start demanding their own days off .
“ Where are we going to end with this ? ” he asked .
The resolution ’s advocates said that since about 12 percent , or more than 100,000 , of the city ’s public school students are Muslim , they deserved recognition .
The two holidays have already been adopted by school districts including Dearborn , Mich . , and several municipalities in New Jersey .
Supporters also say that since the Ids ( pronounced eeds ) are floating holidays whose timing is set by the lunar calendar , they often fall on other religious holidays , on weekends or during the summer .
During the next decade , for instance , at least one of the two Ids each year is expected to coincide with summer recess or an existing school holiday , according to a report by the Immigrant Rights Clinic at New York University .
It was unclear on Tuesday whether Mr. Bloomberg would continue to have final say on the issue , because the State Legislature still has not passed a bill to extend his control over the schools .
But some officials said that even if the bill did not pass , he would be able to exert indirect control through appointments to the Board of Education .
The Council resolution also urged the Legislature to pass two pending bills that would amend state education law to require the holidays in the city ’s school calendar .
That could allow the move without the mayor ’s approval , said Councilman Robert Jackson of Manhattan , a co-sponsor of the resolution and a Muslim .
Id al - Fitr celebrates the end of Ramadan , the sacred month of fasting , and Id al - Adha , the Festival of Sacrifice , marks the end of the annual pilgrimage to Mecca .
Muslims traditionally observe these days by praying in the morning , then celebrating with family and friends , exchanging gifts and sharing a large meal .
The holy days have long posed a painful choice for Muslim students :
Should they go to class in the interest of their grades and attendance record , or cut class to be with their families ?
NEW YORK : Kevin Rudd wants a radical overhaul of the bodies that set policy in the global economy - and in an unusually frank address , he calls for the US President , Barack Obama , to step up and drive the changes .
In a major speech he was to give at the Foreign Policy Association at the Waldorf Astoria overnight , the the Prime Minister made a studied but trenchant criticism of the US 's role in global regulation over the past 65 years , effectively accusing the most powerful nation of dropping the ball when it comes to keeping pace with global changes .
Mr Rudd 's speech said that since the Bretton - Woods agreement - struck in 1944 to cover global banking - the US had gone missing in playing a leadership role in forging relevant and responsive economic forums for dealing with global issues .
That failure had become apparent during the financial crisis and it was time for the US to lift its game , the speech said .
'' The world cannot afford a crisis of this magnitude in relation to security , trade , or climate change , '' Mr Rudd wrote .
'' But whether it is nuclear disarmament , global economic management or the environment , I argue we now have an unprecedented responsibility to make the global system work . ''
They say fortune favors the bold–but it also favors the fictional .
The characters that make up this year ’s edition of the Wealthy Fictional 15 , The annual listing of fiction ’s richest , boast an aggregate net worth of $ 137 billion .
That ’s enough to give $ 20 to every ( real ) person on the planet .
# 1 Scrooge McDuck
Net Worth : $ 28.8 billion
Soaring gold prices vault penny - pinching poultry to top slot ; first non-mammal to rank as fiction ’s richest character .
Keeps majority of fortune in bullion , stored in giant “ money bin ” atop hill in Duckburg ; also invests in pearls , gems , other “ hoardables . ”
Literally swims in gold coins for exercise : “ It keeps me young . ” Moved to American
West from native Glasgow as an adolescent , made first fortune in mining ; still keeps first coin he ever earned .
Never gives to charity .
Spent year combating “ vicious rumors ” that he once gave a penny to sick orphan .
Publicly disinherited Donald Duck , his “ ne ’er - do - well ” “ hothead ” nephew ; Donald joined Navy , left behind Scrooge ’s mischievous grand - nephews Huey , Dewey and Louie .
Troublesome trio now presumed heirs .
Member since 1947 .
# 2 Ming The Merciless
Net Worth : $ 20.9 billion
Existence of planet Mongo confirmed by U.S. government only this year ; discovered by ultra-secretive NASA program code - named “ retro- rocket . ”
Mongo ruled by mysterious dictator named Ming ; difficulty separating planetary wealth from personal fortune keeps net worth in low 11 figures ;
Ming possibly much richer .
Variously described as “ control freak , ” “ micro- manager , ” “ vile despot , ” “ a kinder Steve Ballmer ” ; press reports have settled on “ merciless . ”
Reportedly lonely after executing wife ; now fixated on Dale Arden , NASA public relations specialist , girlfriend of astronaut Flash Gordon .
Arden allegedly kidnapped , brainwashed by Ming minions earlier this year ; Gordon now among the regime ’s most vocal critics .
New member .
# 3 Richie Rich
Net Worth : $ 16.1 billion
Self - proclaimed “ poor little rich boy ” now Silicon Valley power player , majority stockholder in Cisco Systems , primary investor in Facebook .
With help from mentor Professor Keenbean invented robot maid , solid gold cellphone , e-mail spam engine .
Often criticized for extravagant lifestyle , remains unrepentant ; flew iceberg from the North Pole to Richville so friends could go skating .
Rich ’s personal life hit front pages after he dumped longtime sweetheart Gloria Glad for local siren Mayda Munny ; took another hit after best pals Freckles and Pee - Wee were arrested on fraud charges related to Rich Industries insider - trading scandal .
Member since 1953 .
# 4 Mom
Net Worth : $ 15.7 billion
The future ’s wealthiest woman , Mom is known to her adoring public as the matronly CEO of MomCorp , a far - flung conglomerate with divisions ranging from Mom ’s Friendly Robot Co. to Mom ’s Friendly Advanced Weapon & Munition Co .
But insiders know her as a dangerous , ruthless competitor who will stop at nothing in her pursuit of wealth and power .
Once attempted global coup by programming the world ’s robots to rebel and overthrow humanity .
Had a business partner ’s dental fillings pried out and his body fed to jackals .
Maintains matriarchal public image through the use of a “ fat suit ” and attendance at numerous philanthropic fund - raisers , including one she described in private as “ some charity BS for knocked - up teenaged sluts . ”
New member .
# 5 Jed Clampett
Net Worth : $ 11.0 billion
Clampett ’s fortune continues to soar alongside the price of oil .
Milton Drysdale , new CFO , former family banker , struggling to bring company management up to international standards .
Some successes :
Jed no longer quoted in annual report as being “ happier than a cat at a fish fry ” about stock price ; shotguns , rifles banned from executive suites .
Room for improvement : Saudi Aramco delegation reportedly offended after being served lunch of “ possum - fried critter ” by provocatively attired Ellie May ; one Harvard - trained management consultant dismissed as “ green enough to stick in the ground and grow . ”
Jed increasingly devoted to philanthropic endeavors , recently endowed “ Cousins Consanguinity Center ” outside of Tahlequah , Okla .
Member since 1962 .
# 6 C. Montgomery Burns
Net Worth : $ 8.4 billion
Fortune of longtime owner and operator of the Springfield Nuclear Power Plant hit hard after U.S. Environmental Protection Agency attempted to contain pollution by enclosing Springfield in a giant glass dome .
Rioters subsequently ransacked city , looted Burns Manor , made off with priceless treasures , including suit Charlie Chaplin was buried in , first draft of the Constitution with the word “ suckers ” in it , robotic Richard Simmons .
Despondent , Burns reportedly told assistant Smithers , “ I do n’t believe in suicide , but if you ’d like to try it , it might cheer me up to watch . ”
Still , stands to profit greatly from reconstruction contracts in now dome - less Springfield .
Critics call him an ogre , but Burns is unbowed : “ I ought to club them and eat their bones ! ” Member since 1989 .
# 7 Carter Pewterschmidt
Net Worth : $ 7.2 billion
Longtime poker partner of Bill Gates and Michael Eisner recently discharged from Betty Ford Center following treatment for sleeping pill addiction .
Long - term prognosis unclear ; overheard saying , “ Sleeping with the pills is better than sleeping with my wife . ”
Reportedly won CNN in game of Texas Hold ‘ Em , only to have Ted Turner sheepishly admit that he does n’t own the network anymore ; violently dismissed counteroffer of Time Warner stock as “ worthless . ”
Tumultuous personal life ; son - in - law placed restraining order on him following alleged assault with ancient statuette ; loveless marriage ; said to love money above all else .
New member .
# 8 Bruce Wayne
Net Worth : $ 7.0 billion
Wayne Industry profits up significantly due to sale of “ Brother Eye ” spy -satellite technology to U.S. government .
Meanwhile , Wayne himself subject of ongoing FBI investigation after top - secret military prototypes are “ lost ” from company storage .
Renowned playboy , fixture of the Gotham social scene , Wayne recently spotted canoodling with Silver St. Cloud , Drew Barrymore , Lindsay Lohan .
Professional life occasionally intrudes on personal ; annual all - black - attire party at Hamptons estate disrupted by swarm of razor - beaked robot penguins .
Tongues continue to wag concerning Wayne ’s longtime habit of keeping teenage boys as “ wards , ” rumored rubber suit fetish .
Member since 1939 .
# 9 Thurston Howell III
Net Worth : $ 6.3 billion
Value of Howell Industries skyrocketing after New York state attorney general ’s office abruptly dropped investigation into tax evasion , money - laundering charges following rambling , bumbling grand jury appearance by whistle - blower known only as “ Gilligan . ”
Despite legal clean slate , Howell remains firmly ensconced on remote Pacific Island with skeleton staff of trusted associates .
Now becoming major private - equity player ; recently took largest remaining U.S. maker of ascots , bamboo radios , martini glasses private ; distrusts technology , particularly GPS navigation systems .
Member since 1964 .
# 10 Tony Stark
Net Worth : $ 6.0 billion
Stark Industries dominates headlines following alleged misdeeds of security personnel in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Regardless , family controlled company saw sales surge thanks to contacts forged after Stark appointed head of global law - enforcement unit S.H.I.E.L.D. New line of “ Hulkbuster ” armored suits won $ 6.2 billion Department of Defense contract .
Legendary playboy Stark reportedly toning down wild ways following death of friend Captain America ; rumored to have taken up knitting , mah - jongg .
Sold rights to life story to Hollywood interests ; biopic due out next spring .
Member since 1963 .
# 11 Fake Steve Jobs
Net Worth : $ 5.7 billion
Alter -ego of Apple chief had much better year than real - life counterpart .
Real Steve : Options back - dating scandal , iPhone apology , digital rights management troubles .
Fake Steve : Outed by The New York Times as Forbes editor , published book , invented words like “ frigtard ” and wrote posts like “ Dell Polishes a Turd ” for a living ; other Forbes hacks jealous .
# 12 Gomez Addams
Net Worth : $ 2.0 billion
Descendant of Castilian royalty and British aristocrats owes fortune to quirky –and lucky –investment style : bought a swamp for “ scenic value , ” subsequently discovered massive oil deposit underneath ; purchased mummified hand at flea market , later determined to be priceless remains of Egyptian pharaoh .
Extensive holdings include insurance company , salt mine , tombstone factory , buzzard farm .
Known for eccentric behavior , including affinity for sword fighting , Halloween tradition of bobbing for live crabs .
Does n’t like to write checks for odd amounts ; always rounds up .
Passionate collector of toy trains : once bought a railroad simply so he could crash real steam engines .
Reportedly spends a thousand dollars a week on cigars .
New member .
# 13 Willy Wonka
Net Worth : $ 1.9 billion
Eccentric , reclusive candy maker continues to struggle .
Heir apparent Charlie Bucket , now 15 , becoming more interested in girls and less in Oopma - Loompas , while Bucket ’s aged grandparents remain drain on management ’s time , attention .
Loompas growing more financially sophisticated ; recently insisted on being paid in cash rather than in cocoa beans ; Wonka bottom line , net worth adversely affected .
Despite strained labor relations , immature management , Wonka still turns out finest candies on planet ; company looking to fast - developing China and India for future growth .
Member since 1964 .
# 14 Lucius Malfoy
Net Worth : $ 1.6 billion
Patriarch of ancient wizarding family still standing after defeat of Dark Lord Voldemort and his Death Eaters at Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry .
Malfoy , himself a convicted criminal and Azkaban prison escapee , miraculously managed to avoid being sent back to jail thanks to well - timed “ donations ” to charities supported by influential Ministry of Magic employees .
Now reunited with family and unfettered by criminal charges , Malfoy is aggressively pursuing new business enterprises .
In June , attempted to corner the global cauldron market .
In August , sold short more than $ 1 billion worth of Galleons , forcing Gringotts Bank to devalue and withdraw the currency from the Wizardly Exchange Rate Mechanism .
Member since 2005 .
# 15 Princess Peach
Net Worth : $ 1.3 billion
Heiress to the Mushroom Kingdom nearly doubled personal net worth after terms of divorce from hero plumber Mario awarded her a fortune in gold coins .
Said to enjoy tennis and go - kart racing , owns over 600 outfits in the same pink color .
But life has not always been easy for Peach , who has been kidnapped repeatedly since childhood by Bowser , king of the turtle - like Koopa race .
Trauma evident , say friends ;
Peach fantasizes that she has ability to float in the air for several seconds ; mutters about “ Goombas , ” “ Cheep Cheeps , ” “ Bob - ombs . ”
New member .
List compiled by Forbes .
In the heated debates on health - care reform , not enough attention is being paid to the huge financial windfalls ObamaCare will dole out to unions — or to the provisions in the various bills in Congress that will help bring about the forced unionization of the health - care industry .
Tucked away in thousands of pages of complex new rules , regulations and mandates are special privileges and giveaways that could have devastating consequences for the health - care sector and the American ...
She 's looking fine , looking good , with her back against the wall She 's as pale as the moon , searching for another man to take the fall I take a shot , getting brave , let the whiskey settle in Lock my stare , say a prayer , should have known she 's gonna get into my skin Girl of the night , glamoured up , leads me to the alley way Perfect girl , perfect love , perfect smile , though her eyes they do betray
Feel the bite , feeling light , fog is thick as I slowly fade away Very soon , as we are , as I was , she will be dancing on my grave
The eyes , the neck , the serpent skin
The smell of poison medicine
This python 's python ’s , dropping his chin First fist then wrist then everything .
Up to my elbows and then in Oh No , Oh No !
Its Swallowing Me Don't stare , do n't stare do n't look at it Do n't catch it 's glare its coming in Oh No , Oh No ! its ready to strike I got it .
I got it bad .
I got it coming for me Stop it .
Stop it now I know that where I go is deep inside I can feel the fear you hide .
I wo n't die .
I know what I say when I say that I 'm gonna cut you in your belly with a knife
Pry apart your stomach wide , step outside , knowing that I have escaped my destruction
The eyes , the neck , the serpent skin
The store of poison medicine
This python 's meaner , meaner than me First fist then wrist then everything Up to my elbows and then in Oh No , Oh No !
Its Swallowing Me I got it .
I got it bad .
I got it coming for me Stop it .
Stop it now .
Do n’t stop it I will concede I know that where I go is deep inside I can feel the fear you hide .
I wo n't die I know what I say when I say that I 'm gonna cut you in your belly with a knife
Pry apart your stomach wide , step outside , knowing that I have escaped my destruction Sadly I will look and I will cry Watch you as your stomach writhes , and you die What have we done ?
This was never intended But I ca n’t regret .
I would not die
We ’re all trying to survive , live our lives longer than others , withstanding forever
Hot damn , there 's the people where you stand
And you know what you got to say
They bring to bear , searching for the dead who died Long ago a hundred billion days I know there 's everlasting breath
There 's a fountain far from death at sea
Theres no more where it came from , not enough where it goes
And the last of its going with me I said “ Awake the iron ! ”
Ship creaks , we sound the siren Great Scott , how I know this fame is bought How I know what I 'm going to do Time tells , that the oil is in the wells
And the waters got a colored hue He drinks , with a black that penetrates
Got a soul - draining fist in the earth
Got to feed the hungry fires , run the engines , pay the liars
Till the last of the earth is through I said “ Awake the iron ! ”
Ship creaks , we sound the siren Black rain falls , treasure coats the skin Drink up son , fortune struck again I said “ Awake the iron ! ”
Ship creaks , we sound the siren Black rain falls , treasure coats the skin Drink up son , fortune struck again
Hey lord , why can’t I watch my mouth ?
I 've got … something I can't get out Wo n't you hear me ?
Lord , oh wo n't you hear me out Hey lord why do n't you watch your mouth ?
One day …
Its never been about Wo n't you hear me ?
Lord , oh wo n't you hear me out Down down baby , this is messy and so maybe I 'll go But please please save me , help me pick up all the pieces and grow Hey lord … why do n't you watch your mouth ?
I ’ve got … something I can't get out Wo n't you hear me ?
Lord , oh wo n't you hear me out ?
This is what we got and we make it work Skin against the field till we get the first Drag the chain along drag it down to ten Drag the chain some more till we get the win Head against the heart when we break the burst
Toss it out and pray , that we make it hurt Run against the fire till I hit the sky Raise our fist so high victors you and I This is what we got when we make it work Skin against the field till we get the first Sneak between the lines and we roll and tuck
Take it all the way we do n't give a ffffffffff
I see many happy families tilling fertile soil Heroes never stick together whether heavens hold I did not know at once where we came , we came from Ten - thousand miles ago where we once , we once were I see many happy families tilling fertile soil Heroes never stick together whether heavens hold I did not know at once where we came , we came from Ten - thousand miles ago where we once , we once were But if you stop to look you will hear what I heard
Why did you fly your airplane underneath the sea ?
You think I ’d tell you how to breath , but its not natural
You are the one that everyone ’s supposed to love , But you are flying far above , not looking up
When I see you I sew my tears to the ground I can't take it when you bring bring me down
You make the children cry You wring the heavens dry
You turn the world around Lets hope what 's lost is found Oh !
Stop !
I can hardly take it again
You do n't know how hard hard its been
You make the children cry You wring the heavens dry
You turn the world around Lets hope what 's lost is found Trouble shared is trouble halved now I 'm in trouble and the trouble is is now Do n't you know you make it harder to try I do not know if I can keep this family good and alive
You put the pressure on us baby its you If you can't get it right then sorry we 're regretfully through
You make the children cry You wring the heavens dry
You turn the world around Lets hope what 's lost is found Trouble shared is trouble halved now .
I 'm in trouble , and the trouble is is now
Spy boy run up front uptown
Call out to flag boy way down Keep watch a spy come this way Hold up I hear y’all drummin Stand down my Big Chiefs Comin
And your suit is tattered and frayed
You ca n’t keep up with me My suits prettier , see ?
We ’re not men in disguise
But we are the spirits of life
We dance sew color from grey Bow down or bow out wild man Turn back get a new game plan
This here is our street today
You ca n’t keep up with me My suits prettiest , see ?
Here I come , I come I come .
Here I come , I come I come .
Here I come , I come I come .
Spy boy runnin ’ your way .
¿ Cuántos clientes no has ganado este mes debido a tu presencia online ?
Todo el mundo piensa que es importante tener presencia en Internet , sin embargo , ¿sabes que puedes estar perdiendo clientes si no das la imagen adecuada ?
Nos basamos en nuestra experiencia como agencia de marketing online , desarrollo web y diseño para conseguir lo que todo negocio busca : vender más .
The two conservative activists who captured ACORN employ ees giving advice on the sex trade and money - laundering only play a pimp and prostitute on video .
In real life , Hannah Giles , 20 , is n’t a lady of the night .
She ’s a minister ’s daughter studying jour nalism at Florida International Uni versity .
And James E. O’Keefe III , 25 , a Fordham MBA student from New Jersey , is n’t a pimp so much as a pro vocateur — determined to expose what he sees as the hypocrisies and moral lapses of liberals by employing their own tactics against them .
The pair met last year on Facebook after O’Keefe posted his own gotcha videos , showing Planned Parenthood employees agreeing to his request to earmark his donations for the abor tions of African - American babies .
After Giles proposed the ACORN video - sting idea , O’Keefe — who started making the videos while a stu dent at Rutgers University — pounced on it .
“ Why go after ACORN ? ” Giles asked .
“ Because I love America , I love God , and corrupt institutions do n’t help that . ”
After six weeks of research , Giles said they scavenged together their cos tumes from friends , except for the pimp coat , which was on loan from O’Keefe ’s grandmother .
In total , the project cost them $ 1,300 .
They did the job entirely on their own and paid for it themselves , they said .
The two never became romantically involved , Giles said .
“ We ’re too good as business partners for that — and besides , he has a girlfriend , ” she said .
O’Keefe contends their tactics are “ the future of activism and investigative reporting . ”
“ This is now my full - time job , ” he said .
jeremy.olshan@nypost.com
Efforts to fix the home foreclosure problems through Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have driven up the cost of the bailout of those two firms .
Bailout tracker
Bank failures
Brand name bankruptcies
Fortune Recovery Index
The government is engaged in a far - reaching - and expensive - effort to rescue the economy .
Here 's how you can keep tabs on the bailouts .
More Quick Vote
Who will benefit most from the Obama administration 's proposed financial regulations ?
Consumers
Banks
Regulators or View results
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The first big government bailout of the financial crisis -- the takeover of mortgage finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac -- is poised to be the most expensive and complicated to complete .
Since Congress essentially wrote a blank check to the Treasury Department in July 2008 to do what needed to be done to inject capital into the two firms , Fannie ( FNM , Fortune 500 ) has received $ 34.2 billion of direct government support while Freddie ( FRE , Fortune 500 ) has received $ 51.7 billion .
While that 's lower than the $ 117.5 billion poured into insurer AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) by the Federal Reserve and the $ 200 billion given to the nation 's largest banks through the Troubled Asset Relief Program , or TARP , the current cost of the Fannie and Freddie bailouts dwarfs original estimates from a year ago
When Congress was debating the bailout of Fannie and Freddie last July , the official estimate from the Congressional Budget Office was that a bailout would most likely cost taxpayers $ 25 billion , with only a 5 % chance of the price tag reaching $ 100 billion between them .
In addition , both Fannie and Freddie are likely to need billions of dollars more after they report second quarter results in the coming weeks .
Experts believe the cost will only continue to rise in the next year .
" We 're assuming they each will cross the $ 100 billion mark fairly soon .
They could be hitting the $ 200 billion barrier by the end of next year , " said Bose George , mortgage analyst at Keefe , Bruyette & Woods , an investment bank specializing in financial services firms .
The direct government aid has helped keep the two troubled firms solvent .
The amount of any additional aid will be determined by their ongoing losses and reserves for future losses on the trillions of dollars in mortgage loans they own or guarantee .
Fannie and Freddie were originally created to help ensure that financing for homes would be available and affordable to more consumers .
The two firms buy mortgages from banks and other lenders and bundle them together into securities .
They then either hold those securities or sell them to them to investors with a guarantee that they will be paid the money owed by homeowners .
But as more homeowners continue to default on mortgages , the two firms will likely book additional losses well into next year .
Neither firm has given an estimate as to how high losses will reach .
But the original limit of $ 100 billion in losses set in place when the government put Fannie and Freddie into conservatorship , essentially a form of bankruptcy , last September was quickly raised early this year to $ 200 billion each because of concerns about looming losses .
In return for pumping taxpayer dollars into the two firms , Treasury received preferred stock , which is designed to give the government a healthy 10 % to 12 % dividend .
But few expect that Fannie or Freddie will be able to pay that dividend , let alone return the money handed to the firms to cover their losses ..
Even James Lockhart , director of the Federal Housing Finance Agency , the government body that has overseen the two firms since they were placed into conservatorship , said it will be a challenge for Fannie and Freddie to make their scheduled payments .
" Obviously the 10 % dividend is a high rate , " he said , but added that this is probably below what private market investors would demand to own preferred shares in the two companies .
Lockhart also agrees with experts who believe that the government will eventually have to write down at least a portion of the money that has been sunk into Fannie and Freddie .
He would not estimate how much , saying it will depend upon housing prices in the future .
But Lockhart maintained that the loss of taxpayer money is worth it in the long run because Fannie and Freddie have continued to be vital parts of the housing market during the credit crunch .
" They really have been the backbone of the housing market throughout this period , " he said .
" The money spent , we can at least say has gone to a good cause -- keeping the housing market much more stable than it would have been [ without the bailout ] . "
And it 's precisely for this reason that experts think the ultimate bailout cost will climb much higher .
The money allocated for Fannie and Freddie is being used not to simply return the firms to profitability , but to try and fix the broader housing market 's problems .
Using Fannie and Freddie for housing policy
Both the Bush administration and the Obama administration have used government control of Fannie and Freddie to implement various policies to try to address rising home foreclosures and falling prices .
The firms are a key part of the Obama administration 's efforts to refinance mortgages of at - risk home owners , in some cases making loans for up to 125 % of the home 's current market value .
" The way to think of the cost is not as a loan , " said Phillip Swagel , a professor at Georgetown 's business school who was the assistant secretary for economic policy in the final months of the Bush administration .
" It 's really a way of spending taxpayer money for policy purposes . "
In contrast , other companies receiving federal bailout dollars , such as automakers General Motors and Chrysler , money - losing banks and AIG , were given the charge by Treasury Department officials to stem their financial bleeding so they could eventually be returned to full ownership by the private markets .
But unlike the rapid six week bankruptcy process at GM and Chrysler , the conservatorships at Fannie and Freddie wo n't be coming to a conclusion any time soon .
Even as it laid out its plans to reform the nation 's financial regulatory system last month , the Obama administration said it would not put forward a permanent plan to fix the mortgage finance firms until February 2010 .
After that , it 's uncertain how long it will take to get the necessary approval from Congress for any changes to the current structure of Fannie and Freddie .
There is a case for maintaining the status quo since Congress and the Obama administration have been able to use the two firms to deal with broader problems in the housing market .
What 's clear is that there will continue to be a need for companies like Fannie and Freddie to keep mortgage costs relatively affordable by packaging loans into securities , placing a guarantee on them , and selling them to investors .
Some experts believe that this business can become very profitable again , especially if Fannie and Freddie maintain tight underwriting standards from now on .
Fannie and Freddie " may own the securitization game for the next decade , " said Jaret Seiberg , analyst with Concept Capital 's Washington Research Group .
" They 'll have a duopoly , a smaller portfolio and a profitable business model . "
But before any of that happens , taxpayers will likely take an even bigger hit on the Fannie and Freddie bailouts first .
Talkback : Should the government spend more taxpayer money to keep Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac afloat ?
Share your comments below .
Ever since the release of GTA IV last April , people have wanted the next title in the series and , admittedly , who would n’t ?
Finally , Take - Two has addressed the rumors regarding GTA V’s release .
Strauss Zelnick , the Director of Take - Two Interactive , had this to say :
“ We ’re not going to announce it .
We ’re not going to announce when we ’re going to announce it .
And we ’re not going to announce the strategy about announcing it or about when we ’re going to announce it either , or about the announcement strategy surrounding the announcement of the strategy .
Any other questions ? ”
Hilarious work , Zelnick .
Well keep you guys posted on all future GTA V announcements .
[ Source ]
Crazy Guy Shoots His iPhone
An iPhone loyalist is so fed up with Apple that he takes his iPhone 3GS to the shooting range and literally kills it .
Set to a dramatic Arcade Fire song .
July 28 , 2009
Josh
On reports on the struggle of one group of San Francisco tenants to not be moved .
SAN FRANCISCO --Many of the residents of 2789 Harrison St. have lived there for over 20 years .
Allen McCarthy , their new landlord , has owned the property for less than a year -- and he wants them out .
First , he set new rules , like " no parties . "
Then , he started renovations on the building -- which would normally be welcome , but given the gentrification of the largely working - class Latino neighborhood , this was an ominous sign .
Worse , the tenants were n't consulted .
Construction workers would show up unannounced and begin work , sometimes early in the morning .
Windows were taken out , but not replaced for days , leaving some apartments windowless on winter nights .
In November , residents were dealt the Season 's Greetings of an enormous rent increase of between $ 600 and $ 1,100 per family .
" In these difficult times , to raise rents so high on working - class people amounts to no-cause eviction , " said community activist Eric Quezada .
This is exactly what has been happening nearby .
Across the road , tenants in another building were forced out through rent increases -- they could n't find affordable homes in the neighborhood , and moved to Oakland or the Bayview , forcing their children to move to different schools .
Residents of 2789 Harrison and their supporters picket against a huge rent increase ( Rigoberto Hernandez )
The residents of 2789 did n't want this to happen to them , too .
They approached activists at the San Francisco Organizing Project ( SFOP ) , who helped them come up with a strategy to resist .
The residents wrote a letter to the landlord saying they wanted to stay , but would need to negotiate the rent -- and sent it with the rent checks of all the families in one envelope .
The message : the tenants were united .
The organizing continued .
There was a rally of 150 people earlier this year , and the landlord has been under some public pressure to negotiate .
However , he recently sent notices of eviction to the families , unless they pay the rent increases .
" This is racism , " said Christina Olague , a Chicano activist who spoke at a rally of 50 people outside 2789 Harrison on July 22 .
" We do n't like to say that word , but that is what it is . "
The crowd agreed , and looking around , it was hard to miss the reality of what was happening .
There are new boutiques everywhere and , finally , improvements to the streets .
Trees were being planted .
As Quezada asked , " Who is it improving for ?
For new people in the neighborhood .
And that is n't fair .
Did anyone consult the residents of 2789 Harrison about what sort of gardens should be planted ?
No . "
Because these gardens are n't for them .
" I think McCarthy is a predator , " Quezada added .
" He totally disregards people here .
They are n't people to him . "
But he did n't plan for such dedicated resistance , and soon before the latest rally , the organizers received a call saying that McCarthy was willing to negotiate .
Lorena Melgarejo , an organizer with SFOP , explained why their strategy was working .
Although the landlord is legally able to raise rents , the organizing gives him terrible PR .
Even other landlords have commented on the greediness of his increases .
The landlords are worried about potential legislation to expand San Francisco 's rent control laws to buildings built since 1979 .
McCarthy would not want to be the poster child for this new legislation .
The residents of 2789 Harrison Street and their supporters at SFOP , Mission Anti-displacement Coalition , St. Peter 's Church LeaderShip Organizing Committee and others will all be keeping up the pressure to ensure that they will not be moved .
In 2008 , for example , an elephant calf and 20 of its caretakers at the San Diego Zoo contracted MRSA skin infections .
An investigation by the zoo and state health officials determined that the calf , which was eventually euthanized , had probably been infected by a keeper who unknowingly carried the bacteria .
( The case was reported in The Morbidity and Mortality Weekly Report . )
Still , experts are not recommending routine testing of pets and their humans .
Instead , they call for the same kinds of precautions that apply to other pathogens , especially frequent washing or sanitizing of hands before and after playing with a pet .
The first cases of MRSA in pets , about five years ago , appeared to be in therapy dogs and other animals exposed to patients or health care workers .
Those animals are still thought to be at greatest risk , but the pattern might be changing .
In a study this summer in The American Journal of Infection Control , Elizabeth A. Scott and her colleagues at the Center for Hygiene and Health in Home and Community at Simmons College in Boston swabbed household surfaces like kitchen and bathtub drains , faucet handles , toilets , high chairs , trash cans and kitchen sponges at 35 randomly selected addresses to see what germs they would find .
They found MRSA in nearly half of the homes they sampled .
When they tried to figure out what might make it more likely to have the bacteria at home , they ruled out many supposed risk factors , including working out at a gym , having children who attended day care , having a recent infection or recent antibiotic use , and even working in a health care facility .
House lawmakers want to pry open the books of the secretive Federal Reserve with legislation that would subject the central bank to a sweeping congressional audit .
The effort is overwhelmingly bipartisan .
Hard - line conservatives and liberal Democrats have banded together in their criticism of the Fed as a major power broker in the financial system that does n’t answer to Congress .
Friday ’s debate comes as lawmakers consider a proposal by President Obama that would give the Fed new powers to prevent another economic crisis .
“ Nobody in my district thinks that the Fed has done such a wonderful job of running the economy that we should continue to cloak them with secrecy for the purpose of protecting them from second - guessing criticism , ” said Rep. Brad Sherman , California Democrat .
The Fed is pushing back , warning that its ability to stabilize prices and monitor interest rates would be compromised if it knew politicians were looking over its shoulder .
The House proposal would “ cause the markets and the public to lose confidence in the independence and the judgments of the Federal Reserve , ” Scott Alvarez , the board ’s top lawyer , told the House Financial Services Committee in testimony .
The legislation is championed by Rep. Ron Paul , a Texas Republican whose extreme libertarian bent usually does n’t generate consensus in Congress .
But as of Friday , Mr. Paul ’s legislation had attracted 295 co-sponsors with a range of political philosophies , including Hawaii liberal Rep. Neil Abercrombie and Rep. Jeb Hensarling , an outspoken conservative from Texas .
The bill would direct the Government Accountability Office , the congressional watchdog agency , to complete by the end of 2010 an audit of the Fed ’s Board of Governors and its banks .
Current law shields the Fed from scrutiny of its work on monetary policy and its dealings with foreign banks .
Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke has insisted that any congressional audits should steer clear of the central bank ’s core mission : setting interest rates to foster economic growth , employment and low inflation .
Since the Fed ’s creation almost a century ago , its profile has increased substantially .
In addition to setting monetary policy , the Fed supervises banks to ensure the “ safety and soundness ” of the financial system and enforces rules to protect consumers .
Most alarming to lawmakers is the Fed ’s $ 2 trillion balance sheet after invoking emergency powers during last year ’s market crisis to lend money to companies outside the financial sector and buy up mounds of short - term commercial debt .
AP writer Jeannine Aversa contributed to this report .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Regence BlueCross BlueShield of Oregon has sued the state of Oregon after losing the state employee health plan business to a key competitor .
In a lawsuit filed in July in Multnomah County Circuit Court , Regence accused a state benefits oversight board of violating its own bid procedures in awarding a $ 30 million administration contract in April to Providence Health System .
Regence also said the state based its choice on incorrect cost comparisons and unfair conclusions .
" There 's a lot of money involved here that somebody 's going to have to pay if we 're right , and it 's going to be the state , " said J. Bart McMullan Jr. , Regence 's president at the time , who is now working on special projects .
State officials say Regence found the process appropriate , until it bid and lost .
Despite the lawsuit , the state is preparing to enroll workers in the new plan , a state attorney said .
" We do n't see any reason to go backwards , " said Keith Dubanevich , special counsel to state Attorney General John Kroger .
The lawsuit follows a swift cost - cutting move by the board that oversees employee benefits in response to the state 's budget crisis .
Regence had provided a fully insured preferred provider plan for 101,000 state employees and dependents .
But the Oregon Public Employees ' Benefit Board decided in February to switch to a self - insured plan after Regence proposed a 16.4 percent rate increase .
It adopted a temporary rule allowing it to renew the contract without formally requesting proposals .
Both Regence and Providence submitted proposals to administer the plan beginning in 2010 .
The board on April 21 picked Providence after finding the insurer 's bid $ 2 million cheaper .
The state 's consultant also said Providence 's " technologically superior " claims processing system would lead to fewer headaches for members .
Regence protested the board 's decision on May 1 .
But the board refused to reconsider , in part because Regence did not complain about the state 's selection process until it lost .
" Regence can not now complain about having placed second in a race that it set in motion and in which it participated voluntarily every step of the way , " board administrator Joan M. Kapowich wrote in her May 20 response to Regence 's protest .
She also said that fielding two competing renewal offers allowed ( the board ) to negotiate a much better deal .
" ... Regence fell short in its ability to accommodate the new budgetary environment in which ( the board ) must operate , " she wrote .
The state has not filed a formal response to the suit , but Providence has intervened in the case .
Board spokeswoman Ingrid Norberg said the switch to self - insurance could save the state about $ 50 million a year .
McMullan said the state 's fully insured plan generated about $ 380 million in claims for Regence in 2008 .
He said the switch would disrupt members ' health services and not cover visits to Legacy Health System hospitals and Adventist Medical Center .
" We 've been handling accounts this size for 20 or 30 years , " he said .
" We 're pretty effective at it . "
Brent Hunsberger ,
brenthunsberger@news.oregonian.com
# 739375 +( 2721 ) - [ X ] < Tostitos > i like my women the way i like my coffee
< Jet > Ground up and in the freezer ?
< SteveTheImpermeableHamster > full of your cream ?
< mistik > hawt ?
< Dokterrock >
What , tied up in a sack and thrown over the back of a burro ?
< RaMTuFF > quiet ?
< Jet > : Colombian ?
< Aimee > hot ?
< Jet > From McDonalds ?
< djswift2k3 > Black ?
< SteveTheImpermeableHamster > in a cup ?
< Jet > Spilt all over your lap ?
< Aimee > cheap ?
< whiteboihere > strong and black ?/
< Tostitos > i hate you all
What is this – Mafia victim in the most criminalized Russia region Saint Petersburg ?
Please spot the plates of that lonely standing white Mercedes , probably its owner is somehow connected .
