Former Minneapolis SWAT team member Timothy Carson faces a new series of armed robbery charges — seven in all — related to hold - ups across suburban Dakota County .
Charges filed by the Dakota County Attorney ’s office today link him to the hold - up of a man in a car in Eagan , as well as robberies or attempted robberies at a Marathon gas station in Rosemount , a CVS pharmacy , a Quik Stop convenience store , a Walgreens and a U.S. Bank in Apple Valley .
Apple Valley police arrested Carson , 28 , of Rosemount , on January 6 , hours after the hold - up of a Wells Fargo bank there .
He faces federal charges in connection with that robbery because banks are federally insured .
The Hennepin County Attorney ’s office later charged the ex cop and Iraq war veteran with five counts of first - degree robbery for a series of hold - ups near his precinct headquarters in South Minneapolis , including a woman at a bus stop .
Carson remains in federal custody .
The latest charges state that when Apple Valley police had two Minneapolis police officers inspect security photos from the bank heists , they noticed what looked like a white mark or sticker on the bottom of the gun ’s magazine or cartridge clip .
Minneapolis police use the white stickers , which carry the officer ’s badge number , to identify their clips .
The officers also determined that Carson was not working at the time of the robberies .
The charges also state that during police interviews on Jan. 6 , Carson admitted to the Dakota County hold - ups and identified himself as the driver of the white Mitsubishi Gallant used in each one .
The charges give little indication as to his motive , despite widespread media reports that Carson had a four - year - old daughter with serious health concerns .
“ Carson stated that he committed the above robberies in an attempt to get money to pay bills , ” the criminal complaint reads .
Frederick Melo can be reached at 651-228-2172 .
I noticed your posting of an SRA [ Satanic ritual abuse ] victim 's testimony is from Minnesota ( my home state and the home of Mayo Clinic .
Billy Graham was treated at Mayo his entire career . )
I just spent about 2 1/ 2 hours on the phone last week with my friend J who was a SRA victim by Oral Robert 's , Ken Copeland , Mike Murdock and others .
She also mentions Mengele in her story .
I believe J is about 57 years old now .
I have written close to 15 " professional Christians " with her story , and none of them will touch it , let alone write or post articles like you often do .
I receive absolutely no response from these fake and unconcerned Christians .
None of them have the guts to expose their own backyard .
These professional Christians leave her ( and others ; most do not live to tell their stories ) to suffer in silence along with the physical and emotional scars these victims have for life .
Christianity is big business and Jesus is what they are selling , so J's story is just too close for comfort .
She exposes their idols and the false religious system they are all slaves to .... Christianity has simply rebuilt another version of the Jewish temple and religious system which came to a complete end in 70 .
A.D. Stephen was stoned to death for saying the Most High does not dwell in temples made with hands and confronting their earthly money making religious enterprises .
Other SRA victims have exposed the global political system , and that is BIG BUSINESS ON STEROIDS .
The global political system feeds off of the blood and torture of innocents .
The division of sheep and goats is not by what a person believes or what religion he belongs to , but on how you treated one of the least of these my brethren .
( We are all connected ) .
Matthew 25:31 - 46 .
The worst trauma of all is not to believe a victims story when they risk all to tell it .
Enter Dr. Joseph Mengele .
I was handed over to him before I was to even old enough to go to school , probably even younger if the truth be known .
Do a search on him ... he is a wonderful man , if you like monsters !
So you see people the holocaust did not end in Germany with the end of the war ....
It was just moved .
And the worst of it , it is still going on and almost no one believes , nor do they want to know about it .
While everyone is waving their flags and praising this country as GOD fearing and great , this government is abusing and killing their own people , most of which are children and getting away with it !!!!
The average American will not believe , so it continues !
WAKE UP AMERICA !!!
You think abortion is bad .....
And it is , however it is nothing to what they are doing to live babies and children in human sacrifice and torture .
I know , I was there , I have seen it , and I know many others who have as well .
And we are all labeled as nuts , with false memories !
Yeah , my memories are so false that I am willing to risk my life to get this information out .
I am having a blast .
I just love not having the biggest part of my family behind me , calling me nuts and living in pretty much isolation .
Well a new day and a new entry .... continuing with ' Roots ' .
After being handed over to Mengele , aka Dr. Green , life on the bad lane ramped up .
I was handed over , but still under the watchful eye of Mengele , to another handler .
I do not know who he was at this time .
I called him The Dark Man , I called Mengele , The Dark Man as well , and the next handler I was handed over to at age 11 , I called The Dark Man .
Even though I know who the third Dark Man is I am not at liberty to expose him at this time .
I can say that he is in a well known , " BIG " ministry ; however he may still have a chance to get out and repent .
At being handed over to the third handler , I was taken to Oral Roberts University to be raped by none other then Oral Roberts himself in a horrible satanic ritual .
I am at liberty to expose Oral Roberts because he is a tare through and through .
My training and programming proceeded on at ORU .
The university was a Monarch programming and mind control center .
I assume it probably still is used for that today but I do not know for sure .
All I can say it is a sham , a lie , and it is NOT an institution for my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ .
At the time I was transferred to the ORU programming center , my mom joined a local charismatic Pentecostal church in the Tulsa area .
I have no doubt my mom is a multiple herself and did not know that " they " were using her when she joined this church .
This church was full of pedophile and satanist 's connected to and with ORU .
A lot of the members were also Professors at ORU .
So with this all in mind I will continue my story ....
GRAPHIC ......
After the farm frenzy .... The Dark Man was pleased with me so he had sex with me .
It was a good thing he was not displeased and so my mom did not die .
Today 's bleak consumer confidence number is undoubtedly bad news for the economy .
The bigger than expected drop suggests that consumers have lost confidence in the recovery , which will drive down home prices and consumer spending .
Consumer confidence is typically our " first look " at the state of the economy .
While most government aggregated data come out with a two - month lag , or more , consumer confidence hits with just a one month lag .
Studies have shown that consumer confidence is a good predictor of consumer spending numbers .
Basically , people surveyed seem to be good at accurately reading their own economic situation , and those surveyed accurately reflect the broader economy .
When consumer confidence drops to such deep unexpected levels - - today 's were the worst in 27 years -- then it is a flashing red - light about the economy .
There was n't anything good about today 's numbers .
Every part of the survey was awful .
On jobs , the optimistic folks who say jobs are plentiful fell to 3.6 percent from 4.4 percent .
The pessimistic people who said jobs are hard to get increased to 47.7 percent from 46.5 percent .
The gauge of expectations for the next six - months fell to 63.8 , from 77.3 the prior month .
The share of people who believe their incomes will increase over the next six months fell to 9.5 from 11 percent .
The share of those expecting more jobs fell to 12.4 percent from 15.8 percent .
The message : the economy sucks .
The recovery we were supposed to have .
You 'll read a lot about how the consumer confidence numbers are a lagging indicator .
Indeed , they are a lagging indicator when measured against the stock market .
The real time data conveyed by the stock market is often a better indicator than any survey or government data .
But that does n't mean you should n't pay attention to the consumer confidence number , especially since stocks have declined for most of this year .
Let 's be clear here .
The story - book recovery was dependent on a recovery of the consumer and a decline in the saving rate .
If consumers lost some of their apprehension about future income prospects and future employment , they might begin to spend more on both retail goods and to purchase homes again .
Anticipating this return of the consumer , businesses would increase capital spending and inventory .
We got half of that equation .
Business spending on new equipment and software reversed course from the sharp drop recorded during the recession .
Exports began to grow , as well .
The inventory swing -- from liquidation of early 2009 to inventory accumulation at the end of the year -- automatically boosted GDP .
The idea was that this would create positive feedback loop , with more production necessitating the hiring of new workers , adding to household income .
Consumers would respond to increased household income with higher spending .
That 's pretty much the textbook end of a recession .
The expectation that we would have a textbook end to the recession informed many of the expectations that were blown away by today 's drop in consumer confidence .
We 've have a historical record of 31 previous recessions in the United States , most of which indicate that the end of the inventory cycle boosts production and therefore employment and incomes .
More importantly , the workers who kept their jobs become more confident about their future job and income prospects and begin to spend a larger fraction of their incomes .
Deferred spending during a recession usually creates pent - up demand by consumers and businesses that then boosts spending once the recession ends .
The recovery we actually got .
But this cycle seems to be different .
Workers who have kept their jobs are not gaining confidence .
Boosted production seems to be being built on the backs of the current workers , driving up worker productivity , instead of increasing incomes or employment .
The apprehension about future income prospects and employment is growing , not diminishing .
This could have some dire consequences .
The inventory build was premised on the idea of the recovering consumer .
Since that premise is wrong , businesses will find they have made a mistake .
Inventory will have to be discounted and or scrapped .
New equipment will remain under-utilized , and some of the new hires will have to be let go .
In other words , the half of the recovery equation we got will simply have to be liquidated or put in cold - storage because of the half we did n't get .
How did we screw up the recovery ?
Why did businesses get this so wrong that we 're headed back for the double dip instead of slowly climbing out of the recession ?
What went wrong ?
The answer will sound familiar to anyone acquainted with the work of Ludwig Von Mises or Friedrich Hayek .
Cheap money created an illusion of wealth that businessmen interpreted as pent up demand .
They invested money in inventory and equipment on the assumption that the consumer would recovery .
And their assumption was based on very good evidence from past recoveries and the notion that loose monetary policy inevitably spurs a recovery .
Why was it different this time ?
The problem this time is that we 're in what the Keynesians would call a " liquidity trap . "
Consumers , having been savaged by the housing bubble and its consequences , continue to be fearful of the future .
Government regulation is making consumer spending more difficult by increasing capitalization requirement for banks and squeezing consumer access to credit .
Huge debt overhangs from the boom still have many people trying to pay down debts instead of engaging in new spending .
To put it briefly , the supply of funds to fuel economic growth is still very low because cautious Americans do not have faith in the recovery .
Economic planners will describe the situation as an " excess liquidity preference " and recommend more government spending to push the economy toward higher employment .
Unfortunately , unless we 're really lucky , much of this government spending will likely be long - term destructive because it will direct funds in the wrong directions because it is n't subject to market discipline .
In any case , the current political atmosphere seems particularly unwelcoming to additional deficit spending .
So we 'd better hunker down and get ourselves adjusted to an economy with a higher than historical liquidity preference .
Send us your product for review
Add your brand to our beverage database
Get in touch with BevNET
Partner with BevNET to grow your company
Thank you to our 1200 + charter subscribers
Who we are and what we do
Annual guide to this year ’s new products
Guide to services & suppliers to the beverage industry
Meet the founders behind the hottest new brands .
With Topo Chico , Molson Coors Ready for Hard Seltzer ‘ Fight , ’ CMO Says
How This Beverage Entrepreneur Stays Informed on New Ways of Doing Business
A New Way to Connect and Discover
Free E- Newsletters : BevNET Daily NOSH ( Natural Food ) Brewbound.com ( Craft Beer )
BevNET Beverage School is an on - demand , video - based learning tool and online community designed for entrepreneurs and newcomers to the food and beverage industry .
Learn MoreSubscribe
BevNET 's Taste Radio , the podcast for the beverage , food and beer industries .
New episodes every Tuesday .
Learn MoreGet on iTunes
BevNET 's Job Board features hundreds of job lisitngs from the beverage , beer , and food industries .
View Job ListingsPost a Job
You might remember David van Alphen ’s name from his Friday Five back in January .
I invited him for our Deconstruction column because he built a fantastic modern shed in his backyard for just about $ 3000 without using a kit .
I ’ve been watching his progress for quite some time and hoped that he’d be up for sharing the project with you .
Check out the process photos and David ’s story , which might inspire you to build your own modern outdoor shed this Spring .
When we moved into our beautiful little ranch house , this is what was in the back yard .
At first I thought it was a cute little shed but after further inspection , I saw that it was falling apart .
Wood was rotting , walls were leaning and the floor was sinking .
Once I decided to replace the shed I decided that I would build a new studio in its place .
As I said earlier , our beautiful mid-century house is small .
This was my current working condition with my studio in the boys ’ playroom .
I think that ’s all that needs to be said on that situation .
I did some searching on the web and came across www.modern-shed.com.
I loved the look of them but did n’t have the extra $ 11,000 to buy a prefab .
So I decided I would build it on my own trying to keep the cost under $ 2500 .
The first thing I started with was to remove the barn doors the front of the shed .
After doing this , I realized how unstable the structure was and decided to call the professionals !
So I called the great guys at 1 - 800 - GOT - JUNK .
They actually offered to tear down the structure for me for FREE .
Who would n’t want to do demo for free .
If I was n’t scared of knocking down my new fence , I would have been happy to .
After they tore it down , I went through the pieces of scrap and salvaged as much of the wood as I could .
Unfortunately because of the condition , it was n’t much .
Total cost for demo and haul - away — $ 275 .
Well worth it .
Since the old shed was on an angle , I had to move some dirt around to get the ground even again .
I put cinder blocks in the ground underneath where the concrete corners to help keep the new studio from sinking .
After everything was level , I built the floor using pressure - treated wood to keep it from rotting .
Then I laid the plywood down .
Floors done !
Then , the first wall went up .
Within a couple hours , I had all four walls up .
My wife Vicki give it the wind test by blowing on it .
We do live in the windy City .
Gotta be careful .
With the four walls up .
Time to put the door in .
I decided to spend a little extra on a nice glass exterior door to get the most light in .
After the door was secure , up went the roof .
This was definitely the most challenging part .
I had to call the neighbor over to help me lift it onto the structure .
It was also tricky to figure out exactly where it would lay and make sure that all my dimensions were right .
Once the frame was in place and everything was level , It was time to put the walls up .
I used .75 ” plywood since I was routing grooves into them to give it the look of planks .
If you look closely , you can see the one that has n’t been routed yet on the end .
It was actually easier too to route the boards when they were already up .
My wife wanted a front stoop to have her morning coffee .
I guess I could have made it a little bigger for her .
I built the AC unit right into the wall to save window space and make it less distracting .
Now for the electrical .
This is always fun and exciting .
Yeah , right .
I actually had my dad out to help me with that so that I did n’t wake up to a midnight bonfire in my back yard .
Took a little break from building and painted the front door .
It is actually the same color as the front door of the house .
As I mentioned earlier , I have two little boys .
So I thought it would be best to use Plexiglas .
I also filled in all the cracks between the plywood .
Now that the outside is done , time to get to work inside .
Up with the drywall .
One of my WTF was I thinking moments .
To save money , I decided to just stain the floor an espresso color .
I also built a desk to run the length of the room and painted all the trim the same espresso color .
Now that the interior is done , it ’s time to paint the outside .
I put two coats of a khaki primer on that my neighbor gave me .
After the primer was dry , I painted the trim and routing grooves the same espresso color as the inside and painted the rest a cream color .
I think the color scheme goes really well with the little Zen garden I made the Spring before .
Interior view of the couch area , the desk with drawers and mini fridge .
I still have n’t moved all the art supplies out yet which is why it looks so clean .
The last detail was the sconce on the outside .
It actually took me about two months to find the right one that had a nice modern look and cost under $ 500 !
I got this for about $ 100 .
The final size of the studio is 8 ′ x 12 ′ and with all the extras I spent about $ 3000 total .
Without the AC , fridge and other details , I could have easily come in under my $ 2500 goal .
A question relating to Iran 's suspected nuclear weapons program :
Is Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad crazy like Adolf Hitler , or is he crazy like , of all people , Richard Nixon ?
Nixon had a term for his own sort of craziness : " I call it the Madman Theory , Bob , " he said to his aide H.R. " Bob " Haldeman during the 1968 presidential campaign .
Nixon was talking about how he would deal with the Vietnam War .
" I want the North Vietnamese to believe I 've reached the point where I might do anything to stop the war .
We 'll just slip the word to them that , ' For God 's sake , you know Nixon is obsessed about communism .
We can't restrain him when he 's angry -- and he has his hand on the nuclear button . ' "
The strategy , while cunning , did n't work on the North Vietnamese .
Maybe they were crazier than Nixon .
Ahmadinejad is some version of crazy too .
His denial of the Holocaust is either proof of a drooling sort of insanity or a kind of Nixonian craziness designed to keep enemies and adversaries off balance :
What will this guy do next ?
In tandem with his Holocaust denial , Ahmadinejad has repeatedly urged the destruction of Israel .
While some experts differ on the precise translations of his words , his general goal is clear .
What 's not clear , though , is whether he is expressing a wish or making a vow : " The Zionist regime will be wiped out . "
" The Zionist regime is on its way out . "
" This regime 's days are numbered . "
" Thanks to God , your wish will soon be realized , and this germ of corruption will be wiped off the face of the world . "
I could go on and on as , in fact , Ahmadinejad has .
On the face of it , these statements could be nothing more than the ranting of a demagogue intent on appeasing the mob .
After all , Ahmadinejad has to know that any attempt to convert his rhetoric into action would be met by force .
Israel is a nuclear power and it will not go down without a fight .
The Iranians can not be that crazy .
They are , in a Nixonian way , merely trying to impress .
Maybe .
But the belief that the world operates rationally is itself irrational .
The example of Hitler both instructs and warns .
The Nazi leader was not just an anti-Semite who actually believed his insane theories , but he made decisions that were in themselves crazy .
For example , why did he declare war on the United States after the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor ?
Why did he invade the Soviet Union before he had defeated Britain ?
In both cases , he had his reasons .
And in both cases , his reasons were crazy .
Israel of all countries has little faith in the rationality of mankind .
It simply knows better .
So the question of whether Ahmadinejad is playing the madman or really is a madman is not an academic exercise .
It has a real and frightening immediacy that too often , in too many precincts , gets belittled as a form of paranoia .
For instance , when Israeli leaders warn that they might take pre-emptive action against Iran -- say , an attempt to bomb its nuclear facilities as they did in Iraq in 1981 -- it is dismissed as irresponsible saber rattling .
Former national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski even suggested that if Israel tried such a thing , the U.S. might have to back it down with force .
The Brzezinski Doctrine is refreshing in its perverse boldness :
We shoot our friends to defend our enemies .
An Iranian bomb is not a matter that only concerns Israel .
It would upend the balance of power throughout the Middle East and encourage radical / terrorist organizations such as Hezbollah and Hamas to ratchet up their war against Israel .
Other Middle East nations , not content to rely on an American nuclear umbrella , would seek their own bombs .
An unstable region would go nuclear .
( It speaks volumes about Middle Eastern reality and hypocrisy that Egypt serenely lives with an Israeli bomb , but breaks out in diplomatic hives at the prospect of an Iranian one . )
Have a good night 's sleep .
I have no idea if Ahmadinejad merely acts crazy or is crazy .
I do know , though , that Iran seems intent on getting nuclear weapons and the missiles to deliver them .
I also know that nothing the United States and its allies have done has dissuaded Ahmadinejad ( or the mullahs or the Revolutionary Guard Corps ) from his goal .
It may be time for Barack Obama , ever the soul of moderation , to borrow a tactic from Richard Nixon and fight crazy with crazy .
The way things are going , it would be crazy not to .
Justice Anthony Kennedy spoke out against excessive prison sentences this month in California , criticizing the state ’s deeply misguided three - strikes law .
It was a welcome message , delivered with unusual force .
Much of the blame for the law , however , lies with the Supreme Court , which upheld it in a decision on which Justice Kennedy cast the deciding vote .
The overall tone of Justice Kennedy ’s address to the Pepperdine University School of Law was “ courtly and humorous , ” according to The Los Angeles Times .
He turned more serious , however , on the subject of incarceration .
Sentences in the United States are eight times longer than those handed out in Europe , Justice Kennedy said .
California has 185,000 people in prison at a cost of $ 32,500 each per year , he said .
He urged voters and elected officials to compare taxpayer spending on prisons with spending on elementary education .
Justice Kennedy took special aim at the three - strikes law , which puts people behind bars for 25 years to life if they commit a third felony , even a nonviolent one .
The law ’s sponsor , he said , is the correctional officers ’ union , “ and that is sick . ”
The criticism was on the mark .
The state ’s prison population has soared as a result of harsh sentencing laws and parole rules .
California has been ordered by the courts to bring down the population of its prison system , which is badly overcrowded and unable to provide inmates with adequate medical care .
Students at a junior high school in Queens are keeping their pens on their paper after witnessing a fellow student hauled off in handcuffs on Monday .
Twelve - year - old Alexa Gonzalez was arrested for scribbling " Lex was here 2/1/10 " and " I love my friends Abby and Faith " in washable marker on her desk at Junior High School 190 in Forest Hills .
According to her mother , Moraima Camacho , Alexa was led out of school and walked to the precinct across the street where she was held for several hours .
" I started crying , like , a lot , " Alexa told the NY Daily News , " I made two little doodles . "
David Cantor , spokesman for the education department , says the incident " should n't have happened " and " common sense should prevail . "
This is not the first time a student in the city was arrested for a minor incident .
In 2007 , WCBS interviewed 13 - year - old Chelsea Fraser after she was arrested at her Dyker Heights School for writing " okay " on her desk .
Last month , the New York Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit alleging wrongful arrests and assualt by school safety officers .
Alexa is still suspended from school and has been assigned eight hours of community service , a book report and an essay on what she 's learned from the experience .
For those arguing about plate tectonics - so what was the ocean - floor once has become the mountain - top , right ?
How many layers does the Mt. Everest have ?
Where did those layers come from ?
Are those layers found elsewhere ?
If ocean - floors became mountain - tops then we too must be living on once ocean - floors .
How did the ocean - floors form again if everything got pushed - up ?
Another question , how do fossils form ?
If something dies today , will it turn into a fossil ?
Only a rapid burial , such as the one caused by the Flood , leads to fossilization .
“ Denial ai n’t just a river in egypt ” – Mark Twain
I ’ve been putting off a post about Microsoft .
I mean , 4.5 years of my life , where to begin ?
Before I say anything else , I want to be clear that I enjoyed working at Microsoft – I think it ’s as good as working at a large corporation can get .
You ’ll never meet so many passionate and brilliant people , and the salary and benefits ca n’t be beat .
I would recommend it as a place to work , but not for everyone .
And I would consider going back .
The problem is if you want to produce something you can be proud of , you might just lose your mind .
At the very least , it ’s going to take a while and be very aggravating .
Here ’s the problem : working at Microsoft is ideal if you just want a job .
People that want a certain quality of life take advantage .
People that want to produce – they either give up , or they leave .
The culture is scaring away the passionate and creative individuals that it needs to succeed .
My theory is that Microsoft ’s innovation problem is driven by a culture of politics that causes individuals to focus on themselves more than the company , resulting in denial of the reality of the business .
An oped piece in the New York Times today inspired this post .
It ’s titled “ Microsoft ’s Creative Destruction ” and it contains some constructive criticism .
I was recently speaking with the CEO of a local startup about the great employees we both knew at Microsoft .
“ With so many great people , why does the company still seem to be so slow and reactive ? ” he asked .
I often say that Microsoft is a company full of really great people working really hard producing very little .
Pinpointing the problem is not a simple task , but politics is a good place to start .
The Culture of Politics
The article hints at internal politics as a factor preventing creativity in the company .
I absolutely agree .
Microsoft is proud of what they call the “ culture of accountability ” .
It makes sense : you sign up to deliver certain things , and your performance is judged by your level of success .
But over the years , I discovered that it ’s really a culture of politics .
When people did n’t deliver on their accountabilities , it too often felt like there were no consequences ( ehem , windows vista ? ) .
At worst , leaders were pushed out of a position , but then put into another similar position as if nothing ever happened .
People nailing their accountabilities often did n’t excel in the company , either .
The people that did excel had a strange tendency to be absent – the people that make you wonder ‘ what is it they do all day ? ’.
I finally figured out they were spending their time networking – they would be in meetings all day , would not respond to emails , and would not do anything outside of their accountabilities unless it made them look good .
Instead of focusing on what was best for the company , they focused on what was best for their career .
These individuals were actually pretty brilliant – they realized they had nothing to gain by always working hard and helping others .
Instead , they chose their work wisely .
It reminds me of a similar realization I had in college , when I realized I could kill myself for an A - average , or work half as much for a B +. I chose the B +.
This is not to say that some people do n’t rise up in the ranks for doing outstanding work .
Rather , the issue is that outstanding work is often overlooked , and often promotions come as a surprise .
The average employee can’t determine the ideal behavior , and pretty soon the job is just a paycheck .
My final project at Microsoft involved building reporting tools .
These tools allowed certain teams to provide better service to customers and grow revenue while also saving the company money by increasing efficiencies .
The problem was the tools required data , which was owned elsewhere in the company .
What should have been the easiest part of the project became the most difficult – we were repeatedly denied access to the data .
Over time , it became apparent that this was because this other team saw our team as competition ( they also built tools , and we were making them look bad ) .
While the issue was slowly escalated through upper management , we found a backdoor to the data and released a high - priority tool .
Soon after , the data source mysteriously stopped being updated .
Pure politics – I could not do my job because of competition within the same company , and while we debated , the business – and many employees – suffered .
Even if the company can restore the culture of accountability , it has some negative side effects .
First , it encourages employees to sign up for less , so that they can exceed what they sign up for .
And second , it encourages people to refuse work that they did n’t sign up for , regardless of the value of that work .
With accountabilities only updated annually , there was little flexibility .
The Self > The Company
The culture of accountability and the culture of politics both encourage employees to think about themselves over the company .
In the example of gaining access to data above , if everyone was thinking about what was best for the company , there would have been no contest .
But things did n’t work that way .
I admit that I started to fall into this trap as well .
When I finally realized my hard work was not paying off , the quality of my work decreased , I ‘ pushed back ’ on requests , delegated , etc .
In an experience similar to office space , I surprisingly found myself getting more and more rewards and praise when I did less .
I remember the first time I tested this – my boss pulled me into his office .
I was glad somebody noticed , but then he said “ We ’ve really noticed a change in your attitude .
And we think it ’s great .
You are showing real leadership and maturity ” .
When I started at Microsoft I was surprised by how some people were unwilling to help and work together , even with a strong business case .
I knew I had to leave when I saw myself becoming like those people after 5 years at the company .
The Result : Denial
Because employees focus on their careers over the company , they are quick to celebrate wins , but hide and deny losses .
As a business analyst , I saw positive data presented , while negative data may not see the light of day .
In an effect similar to wall street , employees focus on themselves and the short - term instead of the long - term health of the business .
I was disappointed that they shunned things like the iPhone on campus .
Instead , employees would use windows mobile , and then leaders would send out enthusiastic messaging about how a better version was on the way .
Guess what ?
There ’s a reason people want to use the iPhone , Google and Firefox – they ’re better .
The iPhone should be all over campus as motivation .
Otherwise , you ’re just in denial .
Within a week of leaving Microsoft , I was using Firefox , I changed my default search engine to Google , and I bought a Nexus One .
All of these products are better , yet while I was at Microsoft I had no idea how far behind we were .
It ’s wrong to celebrate ‘ wins ’ when the rest of the industry is moving forward without you .
And any intelligent employee can see right through internal propaganda , or what we called the kool aid .
Too many Microsoft employees do not believe in their own company , but they continue to work there for the paycheck , benefits , and security .
So they focus on the good , and ignore the bad .
Ironically , Microsoft specifically hires employees who are self - critical , but then turns a blind eye to its own weaknesses and failures .
Closing Thoughts
I do think the article ’s author was overly negative .
For example , I disagree with these statements :
“ Its image has never recovered from the antitrust prosecution of the 1990s . ”
“ Despite billions in investment , its Xbox line is still at best an equal contender in the game console business . ”
Microsoft ’s image has absolutely improved .
In fact , I think the success of the Xbox has improved the image the most .
When I started at Microsoft in 2005 , I was actually a little embarrassed – Microsoft was not a “ cool ” place for someone my age to work .
But as the Xbox gained in popularity , I felt more and more proud to work there .
Windows 7 is also outstanding .
The company has moved forward .
What ’s clear is that there is a cultural issue at Microsoft that needs to be fixed .
The culture of accountability needs to be repaired , failures need to be out in the open , and great work needs to be rewarded more than anything else .
Most important , employees need to think about what ’s best for the company again .
At the very least , it ’s time to start talking about a problem that impacts every employee every day .
I hope I ’m not burning any bridges with this post , but I feel the need to speak up for the friends and colleagues I left behind , and for a company that I still believe in .
I hope the leadership of Microsoft takes this feedback very seriously , but I have a feeling they will deny it .
Update : Microsoft has posted a response to the NYTimes article , completely denying the points of criticism .
Rate this :
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
An album cover makes a statement .
Sometimes it ’s to represent the artist ’s music , or to paint a picture of the musicians themselves .
Other times , it ’s a sign that they need to fire whoever ’s designing their album covers .
Here are the worst album covers of the past ten years .
25 “ The Redemption ” Brooke Hogan
Brooke Hogan , daughter of former wrestler and current failure Hulk Hogan , decided to take a break from the prestigious life of a VH1 reality star and take on a music career .
If this album cover is accurate , she ’s also dead .
If this is true , we can only wonder why her record company chose to honor her by spray painting her image onto the side of a van .
24 “ Diamond Dave ” David Lee Roth
When “ Spencer ’s Gifts ” runs out of Bob Marley posters that look cool under a black light , they bring out some Pink Floyd posters .
When those run out , they bring out those unicorn posters .
When all the unicorn posters run out , they burn down the store in order to prevent anyone from purchasing a poster of this abomination .
23 “ Milk Man ” Deerhoof
There were literally dozens of indie album covers that could fit the bill as one of the “ worst ” album covers , but none were as mind - shatteringly stupid as this .
At least the other indie nominees looked kind of cool ; here we have a dude wearing a Pac - Man ghost for a head who has just been attacked by a vengeful fruit salad .
22 “ Shesus Khryst ” Remy Ma
Remy
Ma sits down with a Graphic Designer to decide what the cover for her new remix album should be :
RM :
So this album cover should represent how sexy I am .
GD : Right , so how about there all these dudes surrounding you , admiring your beauty …
RM :
So they all want to nail me or something ?
GD : Well , yeah basically .
So anyw -
RM : Like , to a cross , right ?
GD : Yes th - wait , what ?
No .
That ’s not at all what I -
RM : That works since I ’m “ The Bronx Savior ” or something .
Be sure to put that under my name on the cover .
GD : What the hell happened to “ sexy ? ”
RM : Good point , make sure I ’m topless .
You know , when I ’m being crucified .
21 “ Da Baddest Bitch ” Trina
We have a few concerns about whether or not Trina is a qualified nurse ( though we wo n’t try to debate her title as da baddest b***h ) .
Now while we admit that we find serious injuries arousing , it ’s probably not the best idea to try and use a defibrillator on someone while you ’re trying to shag them , the main reason being that it will roast you like a turkey .
Also , if that dude is supposed to be unconscious and she is actually trying to ride his monkey wrench , we ’re pretty sure this counts as rape .
20 “ Graffiti ” Chris Brown
To be honest , we ’re not sure what you put on your album cover after you beat your girlfriend .
This is due to the fact that we ’re not douchebags ( or musicians ) , so that whole “ beating your loved one ” issue has never been a big problem for us .
That said , we ’re not really sure why Brown is spray painting his windows with chrome and has the fashion sense of a gay android .
We can only hope this space craft is on a collision course with the sun , taking Brown and those ungodly cartoon characters with him .
19 “ In for the kill ” Kevin DuBrow
For those of you who are n’t METAL enough , Kevin DuBrow was the lead singer of Quiet Riot , and passed away in 2007 .
Out of respect for his friends , family , and all things METAL , we wo n’t make fun of him .
That said , it ’s a damn shame that his last solo album features him looking like a Terminator knock - off .
18 “ Hung for the Holidays ” William Hung
At least the quality of the album cover matches perfectly with the quality of the music inside .
17 “ Carnivorous Erection ” Regurgitate
Penis = Manliness
Intense Manliness = Intense Metal
Intense Penis = Intense Metal !!
A retarded attempt at being edgy .
16 “ Look Look Look ” MC Hammer
In retrospect , he probably should have titled this album “ Listen Listen Listen ( Please Please Please ) . ”
To be fair though , he appears to have based his suit on Dr. Who , which is pretty sweet .
15 “ Bagged and Boarded ” Goblin Cock
HA HA HA HA THE BAND IS CALLED “ GOBLIN COCK ” AND THEY HAVE AN ALBUM COVER FEATURING A GOBLIN WITH HIS DICK HANGING OUT HA HA HA HA HA THIS IS NOT AT ALL SOMETHING AN KID IN MIDDLE SCHOOL COULD HAVE COME UP WITH HA HA HA HA THIS IS PURE COMEDY GOLD HA HA HA .
14 “ For Whom the Beat Tolls ” Canibus
“ So thirsty …. must … find…rap music ! ”
He ’s going to be pissed off when he realizes that the mic is just plugged into the ground .
13 “ Kings of Beer ” Tankard
If you ’re not familiar with tankard , it ’s probably because you ’re not a fan of German thrash metal songs about booze .
Good for you .
Fun facts :
They claim to have invented a new genre dubbed “ alcoholic metal , ” and the original guitarist left because he did n’t want to hang out with drunks all the time .
And thus , this album cover may be the most depressing representation of a band ’s members / music / fan base .
12 “ The Leprechaun ” Lil’ Flip
Because nothing says “ pimp ” like a fairy from Irish folktales that ’s used to sell cereal .
11 “ Weathered ” Creed
While carving someone ’s name into a tree is a sign of love , we ’re going to assume that this tree is part of an archery range .
10 “ Love Grenade ” Ted Nugent
This looks like the cover of some sort of cannibal / military fetish porno .
The released album cover is somewhat less disturbing , but it looks like Nugent is trying to start to start a war with breast cancer survivors or something .
Ted Nugent hates women , is what we ’re saying .
9 “ Appeal to Reason ” Rise Against
Rage Against the Machine had political songs that were in - your - face , balls - out , and hardcore , but their album covers were relatively simple .
In contrast , Rise Aganst got every political / punk cliche symbol they could find and threw them all together in the hope they would somehow work .
We ’ve got “ man in suit doing something that someone who wears a suit would not normally do , ” “ ominous barbed wire , ” “ something that has to do with abortion , apparently , ” “ some sort of vegan message , ” and of course , “ gun / tank / military - related object , ” all made to look like it was spray painted .
Rise Against also earn our contempt by using that fist / heart / arrow symbol , as it was used on their last album .
8 “ Ice Is Back : Hip Hop Classics ” Vanilla Ice
We ’re going to ignore that the whitest rapper ever is covering a song by a group whose name stands for “ Niggaz With Attitude , ” and note that this is the musical equivalent of a race car being covered in ads .
7 “ Survival Skills ” KRS - ONE & Buckshot
This is funny for two reasons :
It ’s a ridiculous photoshop .
You can tell that KRS - One is totally going to drop Buckshot by the look in his eyes .
6 “ The Swine Flu Mixtape ” Tony Yayo and DJ Whoo Kid
Tony Yayo explains the title : “ I feel my flow is serious ; I feel like I ’m the most underrated .
Swine Flu is an epidemic .
I ’m about to start an epidemic … I wanted to use what ’s relevant right now to get people ’s attention .
I learned that from 50 [ Cent ] . ”
You heard it first , Yayo is going to start a disease that ’s going to kill a bunch of little kids and old people .
Stay tuned for when Raekwon releases “ The Monkey Pox EP . ”
As for the cover itself , if you ’re naming your album after a “ relevant ” disease , depicting a scene filled with dead bodies , people in hazmat suits , and government helicopters on the cover is more likely to get people frenzied in a panic rather than getting them to buy your album .
5 “ I ’m Not A Fan , But The Kids Like it ” brokeNCYDE
This album is here not because it shows brokeNCYDE partying in their rape van , but because the title implies that someone actually likes brokeNCYDE .
Oh , and the fact that it looks retarded .
4 “ Entertainment ” Fischerspooner
While stylish , having a bug zapper right above your head would probably cause more problems than it would solve .
3 “ Fantasy Ride ” Ciara
While we ’re not against the idea of Ciara fighting crime in a city where the buildings are at odd angles , we imagine that the outfit made out of fancy purple silly putty would be a bit cumbersome .
2 “ Game Face ” Master P
That mannequin is fucking terrifying .
1 “ Dance of Death ” Iron Maiden
It ’s ironic and sad that the most respected band on this list created one of the worst things ever put on an album .
The guy behind this disaster actually had his name removed from the credits .
You can find a few errors on this cover , as this was basically the rough draft :
The dwarf on the dog has her ankle embedded in our furry friend , the girl on the right has some sort of snake - neck , and the girl to the right of Eddie ( the Grim Reaper - like figure ) has some sort of deformed elbow .
All we can do is hang our heads in shame for witnessing the worst orgy ever .
… and the Greatest album cover of the decade goes to :
Awesome “ Walking on a Dream ” Empire of the Sun
Holy shit , this is awesome .
It ’s like if the Lord of the Rings took place in the Star wars universe .
If this was a movie , we ’d gladly sell our kidneys if it meant getting to see the trailer for it .
The only flaw with this picture is that it is n’t real .
You know the problems :
• A handful of Democrats openly siding with Republicans to kill health care reform -- a core plank in the Democratic Party Platform -- and then being rewarded for it .
• An activist right - wing on the Supreme Court that has shown the world that they are willing to blow - up over 200 years of institutional honor in the name of their own ideology .
• A GOP guided by a strategy of " no " that time and time again puts politics ahead of what 's good for America .
• And most importantly , the sense that too many candidates whom we have trusted and worked to elect have become part of the lobbying , money , legislative merry - go - round , instead of the solution that we thought they would be .
In the face of this frustration , in the face of low Democratic voter turnouts because people are fed up ; in the face of friends and allies seemingly giving up ; in the face of Democrats losing because they wo n’t stand up for the values of the Party ; I think it 's time we took stock of ourselves , our considerable accomplishments , our opportunity to lead , and where we are going with our efforts to change our country .
If we stop for a minute , take a piece of paper and write down our values , for me , it 's simple :
• We value a healthcare system that covers all of us .
• We value a Democratic Party that fights for real change , in all 50 states , even when it ’s hard .
• We value the ability to compromise without compromising our values .
• We value leaders who wo n’t quit , and who are willing to take risks .
We appreciate leaders like Congresswoman Pingree and Congressman Polis who are still working for a public option .
• We value a good , strong American backbone .
Most of all , we value grassroots political activism because it is the citizens of our country who must seize control of our politics .
Grassroots organizations like Democracy for America -- the organization I founded in 2004 -- have helped many progressives get elected to office and many more to take leadership positions in the Party and on legislative and electoral campaigns , all over the country and up and down the ballot , in just five years .
Later this year elections will be held across our country , and there is work being done that will decide the future direction of policies and politics at the local , state , and federal levels .
• Already , efforts are underway to reform the New York State Senate whose longtime incumbents are vulnerable because they could not govern .
• Many groups , including DFA are already working on critical local elections that will bring reformers into politics , such as this week 's election of Mariyana Spyopoulos to Cook Water Reclamation Board , a governing body with over a billion dollars of responsibility and overseer of Chicagolands most precious resource , Lake Michigan .
• And there will be opportunities to improve the Democratic Caucuses in both Houses in critical primary elections around the country that will be taking place in the coming months
This year the quality of the Caucuses must take precedent over the quantity of the Caucuses .
We 've got to pay attention to values , and we 've got to elect leaders who implement their campaign platforms when they take office .
The Point :
This is not about whether we like the Party or not , it 's about getting good people into our political leadership .
And there is still plenty of opportunity to make it happen .
Democracy for America is a great resource to get involved and find out more .
There are also many local and national communities and campaigns to choose from .
The important thing is to choose a community or campaign that YOU want to work on because YOU have the power ; and now is the time to use it .
“ Möbius Transformations Revealed is a wonderful video clarifying a deep topic .
This is amazing work by Douglas Arnold and Jonathan Rogness of the University of Minnesota . ” — Edward Tufte
Möbius Transformations
Revealed is a short video by Douglas Arnold and Jonathan Rogness which depicts the beauty of Möbius transformations and shows how moving to a higher dimension reveals their essential unity .
It was one of the winners in the 2007 Science and Engineering Visualization Challenge and was featured along with the other winning entries in the September 28 , 2007 issue of journal Science .
The video , which was first released on YouTube in June 2007 , has been watched there by nearly two million viewers and classified as a “ Top Favorite of All Time “ first in the Film & Animation category and later in the Education category .
It was selected for inclusion in the MathFilm 2008 DVD , published by Springer .
From this web page you can :
Möbius Transformations
Revealed has been featured in a number of articles and websites , not to mention countless blogs .
Some of these are :
An extract from the video is included in the film Achieving the Unachievable , a documentary about the mathematics in M.C. Escher 's art , and images from video were featured in the book Bilder der Mathematik .
Möbius Transformations
Revealed was built primarily using POV - Ray with some help from Mathematica .
The soundtrack is a performance of " Von fremden LÃ¤ndern und Menschen " ( " Of Foreign Lands and Peoples " ) from Robert Schumann 's Kinderszenen , Op. 15 .
The pianist is Donald Betts .
Just three months after the Euro 5 Norm for exhaust emissions went into force for all new car models , researchers at the Technische Universitaet Muenchen ( TUM ) have demonstrated an engine that is already close to meeting the more stringent Euro 6 emissions standard .
A research team headed by Prof. Georg Wachtmeister from the Chair of Internal Combustion Engines has succeeded in reducing the pollutants in exhaust emissions to barely measurable levels .
The TUM engineers have also developed a probe that allows them to take samples directly from the combustion chamber while the engine is running .
With this method they hope to discover precisely how soot forms , with the aim of developing new methods for emissions control .
In a hall at the TUM Chair of Internal Combustion Engines ( LVK ) the smell of exhaust fumes is barely discernable , even though the two - ton LVK research engine is running at full power .
The engine is the centerpiece of the research project NEMo ( Niedrigst - Emissions - LKW - Dieselmotor ) , the German acronym for " lowest emission truck diesel engine . "
The researchers want to design and fine - tune their engine so that it complies with the Euro 6 caps – without resorting to a catalytic converter .
The Euro 6 Norm , scheduled to come into force by 2014 , is a tough standard by any measure .
The directive stipulates emission levels that are barely measurable .
A diesel engine , for instance , may emit a mere 5 milligrams of soot particles and 80 milligrams of nitrogen oxides per kilometer .
That is a fifth of the soot and a quarter of the nitrogen oxides allowed by the Euro 4 Norm that was valid until August , and less than half of the nitrogen oxides permitted by the Euro 5 Norm .
This illustration shows a gas - sampling valve ( top half of picture , blue ) in a low - emission diesel test engine at the Technische Universitaet Muenchen .
The valve ( blue , with spring ) shoots into the combustion chamber and takes a sample of the exhaust gases ( brown ) within a fraction of a second .
( Photo Credit : Sebastian Pflaum , TU Muenchen )
However , a reduction in emissions is complicated by the fact that nitrogen oxides and soot particles cannot be reduced independently of each other .
Nitrogen oxides are formed in an engine when diesel fuel burns in the air of the combustion chamber .
Air consists of 21 percent oxygen and 78 percent nitrogen .
Diesel fuel reacts with oxygen , producing carbon dioxide and water .
This happens in a very fast reaction resulting in combustion chamber temperatures so high that the oxygen also starts to react with the nitrogen in the air , forming nitrogen oxides .
To combat this effect , modern diesel engines recirculate part of their exhaust back into the combustion chamber after cooling it down , together with the fresh air .
In this mixture , carbon dioxide and water from the exhaust gases moderate the combustion process , keeping the temperature in check .
As a result , fewer nitrogen oxides are formed , albeit at the price of increased soot production since the proportion of oxygen in the air - exhaust mixture is lower .
The TUM researchers designed the LVK test engine in such a way that the air - exhaust mixture is injected into the combustion chamber under high pressure .
The engine 's turbo - charger compresses the mixture to ten times atmospheric pressure ( measured in bar ) – more than double the pressure mass - production vehicle engines can handle .
Compressed in this way , the air - exhaust mixture contains enough oxygen for the diesel fuel to burn completely .
Graduate engineer Sebastian Pflaum works on an experimental diesel engine at the Technische Universitaet Muenchen .
The university 's chair for Internal Combustion Engines ( under Prof. Georg Wachtmeister ) is home to a Bavarian Research Foundation project called NEMo , meaning " lowest - emission diesel engine for trucks . "
The engine emits barely measurable amounts of soot and nitrogen oxides .
( Photo Credit : Sebastian Pflaum , TU Muenchen )
They coupled this innovation with another improvement , at the nozzle that injects diesel fuel into the combustion chamber .
It atomizes the fuel into microscopic droplets , allowing them to burn completely .
In larger droplets produced by conventional injectors , only the outer layer of fuel molecules are burned , like an onion whose first layer has been peeled .
The resulting exhaust fumes envelop the fuel droplets , shielding them from the oxygen .
The shell of exhaust gases gets increasingly dense with each " onion layer " that goes up in flames .
Eventually it becomes practically impossible for oxygen to react with the fuel .
The result : soot formation .
The NEMo injector nozzle atomizes diesel fuel at a pressure of over 3000 bar – standard is 1800 bar , at most – to generate a fuel mist that burns very quickly and practically soot - free .
Unfortunately , this also results in surging temperatures ; a tricky situation , and finding the right balance between the three parameters of exhaust gas recirculation , boost pressure , and nozzle configuration proved challenging indeed .
Yet the engineers at the Chair of Internal Combustion Engines at the TUM are not content with fulfilling the Euro 6 Norm .
They want to find out precisely how soot is formed in the split seconds during which the fuel droplets burn up .
Simply placing a probe in the combustion chamber would disturb the combustion process .
To surmount this problem the researchers constructed a tiny pipe that is shot into the center of the combustion chamber at lightning speed .
The gas - sampling valve needs only one millisecond to take a sample before leaving the combustion chamber again .
Using this method , 13 samples can be taken during a single ignition – an ideal situation for studying the growth of soot particles and developing engines with even lower emissions .
This test engine is the centerpiece of a project called NEMo , a German acronym meaning " lowest emission diesel engine for trucks . "
Researchers at the Technische Universitaet Muenchen have used it to demonstrate simultaneous reduction of nitrogen oxides and soot , without resorting to a catalytic converter .
( Photo Credit : Sebastian Pflaum , TU Muenchen )
Source : Technische Universitaet Muenchen
Has the Garrett insulation scheme actually reduced the rate of installation caused fires ?
It ’s a strange thing to say – well , it ’s strange if you do n’t think about it too hard .
What we often forget is that Garrett ’s insulation program dramatically increased standards in an industry where there were previously very few .
First off , some [… ]
Has the Garrett insulation scheme actually reduced the rate of installation caused fires ?
It ’s a strange thing to say – well , it ’s strange if you do n’t think about it too hard .
What we often forget is that Garrett ’s insulation program dramatically increased standards in an industry where there were previously very few .
First off , some raw numbers .
If we go fossicking over on the ABS site , we find some data about the numbers of buildings with insulation in Australia in 2008 – the year before the Garrett insulation program .
We ’ll use these numbers as our “ before ” data set .
61 % of 5,218,000 dwellings – or 3,183,265 – had insulation in 2008 according to our favourite Bureau .
According to Garrett ’s department , there were also between 65,000 and 70,000 new installations done per year before the insulation program .
Let ’s split the difference and call it 67,500 installations .
We also know from Garrett ’s department in the same letter than between 80 and 85 fires occurred every year because of insulation .
That ’s the numbers we need for the pre-Garrett program .
Moving on to the Garret program numbers , we know that during the program , 1.1 million installations were undertaken .
So that ’s our yearly installation rate and it pushes the number of houses currently with insulation up to 4.28 million homes .
We also know that 93 fires have been linked to the program .
There ’s our “ after numbers ” we need to do the comparison .
With the 2008 figures on the numbers of fires , we do n’t know how many of them were as a result of new installations and how many of them were caused by insulation that was already in the ceiling and may have been there for years .
So what we need to do is differentiate between the fires caused by the insulation stock ( the pre-existing insulation ) and new installations .
To do this we ’ll create three scenarios :
Scenario 1 : 10 % of fires were caused by existing insulation and 90 % caused by new installations
Scenario 2 : 50 % of fires were caused by existing insulation and 50 % caused by new installations
Senario 3 : 90 % of fires were caused by existing insulation and 10 % caused by new installations
This gives us a range of all possible likely outcomes .
If we measure the number of fires caused by new installs using these three scenarios for 2008 , and for our known number of 93 for Garrett ’s program , this is what we get .
From here , we can figure out how many fires there were per new installation in both 2008 ( where there were 67,500 new installs ) under it ’s three scenarios , and with the Garrett program ( where there was 1.1 million installs ) – simply by dividing the number of installations undertaken by the number of fires attributable to new installations .
Under Scenario 1 where 90 % of fires are attributable to new installations , 1 in 909 installs lead to fire .
Under Scenario 2 it ’s 1 in 1636 installs lead to fire while under Scenario 3 it ’s 1 in 8182 installs .
Under the Garrett insulation program , the rate is 1 in 11,828 – a much smaller rate of fires than what existed before the program .
The Insulation Program Safety Multiple is simply the Garrett program rate divided by the 2008 rate – it shows how many times safer the Garrett program is compared to each of the three scenarios for 2008 .
Interesting – that ’s what the data says .
UPDATE :
I borked a link back up there earlier .
Here ’s where the 65 - 70 K installations per year for the pre-Garrett period were mentioned by the Dept head .
http://blogs.crikey.com.au/pollytics/files/2010/02/Secretarys-opening-statement-220210.pdf
( Visited 844 times , 1 visits today )
Neti pots have moved from the fringe to the mainstream over the past few years .
Traditionally used to treat sinus problems , their popularity exploded in 2007 when Oprah covered them on her show .
Requests flooded the pharmacy I worked at .
The pharmacy ’s owner ordered in a case , and they disappeared in days .
Given Oprah ’s poor record at identifying credible sources of medical information , I was skeptical .
But given the limited efficacy of drugs for congestion , physical removal with water seemed reasonable , whether with a neti pot , or simply snorting water out of the sink .
It was clear to me that uncontrolled sinus congestion problems were not rare , because pouring a cupful of water into your nostril is n’t something one will do on a whim .
Pictured above is a neti pot I picked up at a pharmacy conference , where the vendor encouraged me to take it home and give it a try .
( More on that later . )
History
Neti pots ( and other forms of nasal irrigation ) have been around for a long time , apparently used for centuries in India .
It ’s closely associated with yoga practices .
But nasal rinsing has a long history as treatment in North America , too .
This 1872 advertisement , courtesy of the fantastic blog The Quack Doctor , illustrates a similar product , but with the less attractive name of “ Nasal Douche ” .
( Catarrah refers to mucus and white blood cells that accumulate with sinus infections . )
It ’s clear that people have been rinsing their sinuses for hundreds of years .
But old treatments do n’t mean beneficial treatments , nor does it mean they ’re effective .
It just means they ’re old .
Sinus congestion and traditional treatment
There are several causes of stuffy noses .
Allergies are a big factor .
Non-allergic congestion ( rhinitis ) is another .
Rhinosinusitis is an inflammatory condition of the nasal passages and sinuses that is the result of infection or allergic inflammation .
Infection can be viral , bacterial , and even fungal .
Rhinosinusitis causes a lot of illness – and a lot of antibiotic prescriptions , many of them potentially unnecessary .
Infections can be short - term ( acute ) or prolonged ( chronic ) , and are typically managed with drugs like antibiotics , decongestants , and corticosteroids .
Rinsing the nasal passages is routinely recommended along with typical treatments , to clear out mucus and sooth inflammation .
It ’s also thought to help clear out bacteria , debris , and allergens and help the cilia ( tiny hairs ) work more effectively .
It ’s rhinosinusitis that has been the focus of the majority of reasearch with nasal rinsing .
The Cochrane Review
There are several studies that have considered nasal rinses for rhinosinusitis , and they ’ve been summarized in a Cochrane review .
The authors found eight trials that met quality standards – and this was a generous standard , because these were small trials .
They were also very different : some studied sprays , and some used irrigation ( neti pots ) .
The trials varied with respect to the flushing liquid .
With nasal rinses , you really cannot have a true “ placebo ” but some studies varied the amount of sodium in the flushing liquid .
Overall , dropout rates in the studies were high , suggesting that many patients did n’t like the irrigation .
The evaluation of benefit varied as well , with no trial using the same scale to measure the effect .
Despite all the limitations and the admitted “ modest quality ” of the studies , the authors concluded that saline irrigations are generally well tolerated , and that side effects are rare .
While there is no evidence that saline rinses are more effective than drug therapy , the authors concluded the beneficial effects seemed to outweigh the drawbacks for most patients .
No conclusions could be drawn about the delivery type ( spray vs. neti ) , frequency of use , or type or volume of liquid that should be used .
The Pynnonen Trial
Pynnonen et al examined nasal saline for chronic sinonasal symptoms in a non-specific group of patients with sinus problems .
This trial is quite relevant to pharmacists and consumers , as it considered a community - based population with non-specific nasal and sinus symptoms :
The typical patient without obvious signs of an infection , who wants try something for persistent congestion and sinus problems .
In the trial , patients were assigned to a salt water nasal spray , or larger volume salt water irrigation .
Using the cleverly - named ( and apparently validated ) Sinus Nasal Outcome Test ( SNOT - 20 ) scoring system , they evaluated 121 patients over eight weeks .
Both groups of patients improved from their baseline , but the large volume irrigation seemed to be more effective than saline nasal spray .
The degree of improvement seemed clinically meaningful .
The authors concluded that large volume irrigation was superior to nasal sprays .
Criticisms of this study include the observation that the regular medication use by patients did not decrease in the study .
It should also be noted that the trial was sponsored by the company that manufactured the large volume irrigation device .
Cause for Concern ?
Once you get over the initial “ ick ” factor , many people with chronic sinus problems seem to like nasal rinses .
In the name of science , I tried out the neti myself when I had a bad cold .
Here ’s my completely anecdotal comment :
The sensation is a bit bizarre , and afterwards , I felt like I ’d had a surfing accident .
I could breathe clearly , but my eustachian tubes became plugged , and they were crackling for several days afterwards .
However , I do n’t have to deal with chronic congestion , sinus infections , or constant medication use .
If I did have chronic congestion or sinusitis , I might be more willing to trade one for the other .
For the occasionally stuffiness due to colds , it might be less attractive a treatment .
Is there any evidence of long - term harm ?
New data have emerged suggesting that long - term use of neti pots may actually be detrimental to some patients .
In a study presented at the American College of Allergy , Asthma and Immunology , researchers studied 68 people with sinusitis who used neti pots for a year , and then discontinued use .
The number of cases of sinusitis actually decreased ( by 62.5 % ) after neti pot use was discontinued – suggesting that while use may temporarily clear up symptoms , daily use may actually increase problems .
This is disappointing , as that ’s similar to what we see with nasal decongestant sprays – they ’re fantastic for a day or two , if you need to breathe .
But after a few days , the congestion comes back – worse than before .
So why might symptoms worsen ?
It could be that recurrent use might affect normal nasal defence mechanisms .
Or it could be that the neti pot is n’t sterile , and is introducing bacteria .
Analysis
Rinsing the nasal passages to help with congestion and infections has been practiced for hundreds of years .
At a minimum , it physically clears out the mucus , opening the nasal passages .
It may also reduce inflammation and sinus pain .
In comparison , drug treatments for sinus congestion are only modestly effective .
Nasal rinsing is low cost , and reasonably free of short - term and long - term side effects .
Its use also appears to be supported by physicians – one review reported 87 % recommend neti pots .
Summary
Neti pots seem to be a reasonable addition to , or substitute for , drug therapy for chronic sinus problems .
For acute problems , they may offer symptom relief , without the side effects associated with drug therapy .
For chronic problems , they seem to offer benefits , but also some drawbacks .
Patients using neti pots regularly , who continue to experience sinus problems , could try stopping use to see if symptoms improve .
Neti pots are a good example of a traditional “ healing ” method that ’s been ( somewhat ) validated by science .
Given the few recognized downsides , and low cost , neti pots look like a reasonable option for patients seeking relief for chronic congestion and sinus problems .
UPDATE as of September 3 , 2012 : The FDA has issued a caution about the water source used for neti pots following two deaths .
Tap water that is not filtered , treated , or processed in specific ways is not safe for use as a nasal rinse .
For more information
Patient Instructions and a demonstration video from the University of Wisconsin
Harriet Hall reviews neti pots over at Science - Based Medicine
Neti Pots or Nutty Pots from NYC Skeptics
Harvey R. , Hannan SA. , Badia L. , & Scadding G. ( 2007 ) .
Nasal saline irrigations for the symptoms of chronic rhinosinusitis Cochrane Database of Systematic Reviews ( 3 ) DOI : 10.1002/14651858.CD006394.pub2
Pynnonen , M. , Mukerji , S. , Kim , H. , Adams , M. , & Terrell , J. ( 2007 ) .
Nasal Saline for Chronic Sinonasal Symptoms : A Randomized Controlled Trial Archives of Otolaryngology – Head and Neck Surgery , 133 ( 11 ) , 1115 - 1120 DOI : 10.1001/archotol.133.11.1115
Lost and Found Hans Schmid
Metropolis ist wieder da
Heute , am 12 .
Februar 2010 , wird Filmgeschichte geschrieben .
Heute abend passiert etwas , das man nicht mehr für möglich gehalten hätte : Bei der Berlinale steht die Welturaufführung der restaurierten , nun ( fast ) wieder kompletten Fassung von Fritz Langs Metropolis auf dem Programm .
Arte überträgt das Ereignis live im Fernsehen .
Was bisher geschah , und warum die feierliche Aufführung des berühmtesten aller deutschen Filme nur ein Anfang sein kann und kein Ende .
Metropolis
Wenn ich meine schönsten Kinomomente nennen sollte , wäre auf jeden Fall die Wiederentdeckung des deutschen Stummfilms mit dabei .
Ich hatte das Glück , zur richtigen Zeit am richtigen
Ort zu sein .
Man glaubt es kaum , aber damals war das tatsächlich München .
Enno Patalas , der Leiter des dortigen Filmmuseums , hatte damit begonnen , Klassiker von Fritz Lang oder Friedrich Wilhelm Murnau zu restaurieren , die ich entweder nur aus Lotte Eisners Buch Die dämonische Leinwand kannte , oder in grotesk verstümmelten Fassungen , die von der Firma Atlas vertrieben wurden .
Bis in die 1970er Jahre hinein hatte sich kaum jemand Gedanken darüber gemacht , wie Nosferatu , Metropolis oder Die Nibelungen einmal ausgesehen hatten – geschweige denn versucht , sie so gut als möglich in ihrer ursprünglichen Form wiederherzustellen .
Das Schweigen der Pioniere
Wenn Enno Patalas die neuesten Ergebnisse seiner Arbeit präsentierte , durfte man das Gefühl haben , an einer Pioniertat beteiligt zu sein .
Das Pioniersein war nicht immer leicht .
Bevor ich zum ersten Mal Tabu sehen durfte , Murnaus letzten Film , wurde darüber abgestimmt , was vorgeführt werden sollte : eine zu schnell laufende Fassung mit „ schrecklicher Hawaiimusik “ ( Patalas ) oder eine Fassung in ( vermutlich ) korrekter Projektionsgeschwindigkeit , die ganz stumm war .
Wer es wagte , die Hand für die Hawaiimusik zu heben , zog sich die mitleidigen bis verachtungsvollen Blicke der Puristen zu .
Wer nicht nur ein Ignorant , sondern auch empfindsam war , konnte leicht den Eindruck gewinnen , er solle sich hier besser nicht mehr blicken lassen .
Über das Ergebnis solcher Abstimmungen konnte es nie einen Zweifel geben .
Das war Demokratie nach Art des Filmmuseums .
Man hatte nur scheinbar eine Wahl , durfte sich dafür aber als Mitglied einer verschworenen Gemeinschaft fühlen .
Die Nibelungen
Wer einmal in einem Kinosaal saß , in dem vor andächtig schweigendem Publikum ein stummer Film gezeigt wird , weiß genau , was mit dem Begriff „ hellhörig “ gemeint ist .
In einem solchen Saal hört man jeden Ton. Ein Räuspern kann wie eine Explosion wirken .
Stressfrei ist diese puristische
Art des Filmgenusses nicht .
Tabu war nicht so schlimm , weil die hawaiimusikfreie Version nur 80 Minuten lang war .
Schwieriger wurde es bei Langs Die Nibelungen .
Der Film hat zwei Teile , jeder Teil dauert etwa zweieinhalb Stunden und besteht aus sieben „ Gesängen “ .
Meiner Erinnerung nach wurde es jeweils um den fünften Gesang herum kritisch .
Viele von denen , die nun schon deutlich mehr als eine Stunde lang versuchten , möglichst still dazusitzen und andächtig zu sein , fanden es immer schwerer , ein albernes , aus der Situation geborenes Kichern zu unterdrücken .
Die Nibelungen
Als Nicht - Ignorant brauchte man dann eine schier übermenschliche , dem Heroismus der Ritter auf der Leinwand in nichts nachstehende Selbstbeherrschung , um nicht mit einzufallen .
Der letzte Gesang des zweiten Teils heißt „ Der Nibelungen Ende “ .
Es dauert dann aber noch eine halbe Stunde , bis sich die letzten Helden gegenseitig umgebracht haben .
Das war zuviel .
Ich erinnere mich noch , wie fast alle mitmachten , als jemand beim soundsovielten Angriff der Hunnen hysterisch losprustete .
Und ich kenne Leute , die bis heute nicht zugeben können , damals mitgelacht zu haben .
Es war aber kein Lachen über den Film .
So löste sich die in der Stille aufgestaute Anspannung .
Schatten
Natürlich sind Stummfilme nicht dafür gemacht , dass man sie in völliger Stille sieht .
Als man sie wiederentdeckte , gab es unterschiedliche Versuche , dem Rechnung zu tragen .
Ich habe noch alte VHS - Kassetten aus Amerika mit grell überbelichteten , zu schnell laufenden Filmen , denen irgendeine klassische Musik unterlegt ist .
Meistens sind es „ Die vier Jahreszeiten “ von Vivaldi – und zwar ganz unabhängig davon , ob gerade gemordet wird wie in Schatten oder ob in einem bankrotten Operettenstaat die Revolution ausbricht wie in Die Finanzen des Großherzogs .
Zum Glück gab es auch Virtuosen wie den leider kürzlich verstorbenen Aljoscha Zimmermann , die von Patalas und anderen restaurierte Filme live am Klavier begleiteten und die Bilder dabei nicht mit standardisierten Musikschnipseln zudröhnten , sondern diese behutsam kommentierten und ergänzten .
Die Finanzen des Großherzogs
Barbaren im Tempel der Hochkultur
Je mehr man über die Stummfilme erfuhr , desto klarer wurde auch , wie wenig man eigentlich über sie wusste .
Wie sie wiederentdeckt wurden , hing auch wesentlich von der Zeit ab , in der das geschah ; man geht besser davon aus , dass sich daran wenig geändert hat .
Als erster deutscher Schwarzweißfilm gilt heute Von morgens bis Mitternacht , eine Produktion von 1920 .
Die anderen Filme waren koloriert .
Wenn man das in den 1950 ern einem Cineasten erzählt hätte , wäre man mit großer Wahrscheinlichkeit ausgelacht worden , oder man hätte einen Glaubenskrieg entfacht .
Technische Entwicklungen haben immer auch ästhetische Folgen .
Als Ende der 1920er der Tonfilm eingeführt wurde , machte sich bei vielen Kinofreunden Weltuntergangsstimmung breit , weil sie fürchteten , die Dialoge würden die visuellen Ausdrucksmittel des Mediums zerstören .
Ähnliche Ängste gab es in den 1950ern , als die Filmindustrie im großen Stil dazu überging , auf Farbe umzustellen .
Wer nun schon wieder die Filmkultur bedroht sah , wollte nicht unbedingt etwas davon hören , dass bereits in der guten alten Stummfilmzeit farbige Bilder gezeigt worden waren .
Es dauerte eine geraume Weile , bis sich diese Einsicht durchzusetzen begann .
Nosferatu
Enno Patalas versuchte nicht nur , aus den erhaltenen Fragmenten eine möglichst vollständige Version von Nosferatu zusammenzustellen , er färbte seine Version auch so ein , wie er dachte , dass es früher gewesen sein könnte .
In den 1980 ern war das eine völlig neue Seherfahrung .
Vieles , was einem bis dahin komisch vorgekommen war , ergab plötzlich einen Sinn .
Am Ende zerfällt der Vampir im ersten Licht der Sonne .
Aber vorher trägt er – in der Schwarzweißversion – tagsüber seinen Sarg spazieren .
Wenn man die Bilder blau einfärbt , wird aus Tag – der damaligen Konvention nach – Nacht , und Nosferatu macht sich nicht mehr lächerlich .
Nosferatu
Auch aufführungstechnisch näherten sich die Stummfilme in den 1980 ern wieder dem an , was einmal gewesen war .
In München erstürmten die Hunnen eine Trutzburg der Hochkultur , als die von Patalas restaurierten Fassungen von Die Nibelungen , Metropolis und Nosferatu mit Orchesterbegleitung im Kulturzentrum am Gasteig gezeigt wurden .
Die Filme von Fritz Lang profitierten davon ganz besonders .
Beim Massaker an Etzels
Hof lachte jetzt niemand mehr .
Für Die Nibelungen und Metropolis hatte Gottfried Huppertz die Musik geschrieben .
Huppertz lernte in den frühen 1920 ern durch den Mabuse - Darsteller Rudolf Klein - Rogge die Drehbuchautorin Thea von Harbou kennen , damals noch die Gattin Klein - Rogges und später von Fritz Lang .
Das führte dazu , dass er zu Langs Monumentalfilmen kongeniale Kompositionen besteuerte .
Die Nibelungen
Zeitzeugen bestätigen , dass Huppertz nicht etwa die Musik zu einem fertigen Film komponierte , sondern von Lang schon sehr früh in den Herstellungsprozess mit einbezogen wurde .
Er spielte dem Regisseur und der Autorin auf dem Klavier seine Entwürfe vor , die dann diskutiert wurden .
Manche
Szene wäre anders geschrieben und inszeniert worden , wenn von Harbou und Lang bei der Arbeit nicht bereits im Ohr gehabt hätten , was im Kino zu den Bildern zu hören sein würde .
Huppertz ’ Musik ist also ein integraler Bestandteil dieser Filme .
Und sie spielte eine wichtige Rolle beim Versuch , Metropolis zu rekonstruieren .
Doch der Reihe nach .
Eine Kapitulationserklärung namens Parufamet - Vertrag
Dreh - und Angelpunkt vieler Filme der frühen Weimarer Republik ist das Geld .
Das ist kein Wunder .
Deutschland litt unter den Folgen einer Hyperinflation .
Erich Kettelhut , einer der genialen Architekten des deutschen Kinos , erzählt in seinen Memoiren , dass die Ufa - Zentrale jeden Vormittag in Waschkörben Geld nach Babelsberg schickte , wo 1922 Die Nibelungen gedreht wurden :
Der Buchhalter fertigte jeden
Tag eine Liste an , auf der nach dem Kursstand des betreffenden Tages errechnet war , was der einzelne Arbeiter , Angestellte und so weiter seinem Grundgehalt nach zu bekommen hatte .
Erst waren es Millionen , bald danach Milliarden Mark . [ … ]
Die Schwierigkeit bestand darin , dass wir jede Menge Millionen - und Milliardenscheine hatten , aber keine Tausend - oder Hundertmarkscheine .
So mussten wir zwei oder drei Mann zu einer Gruppe zusammenfassen und auszahlen .
Sie sollten versuchen , das Geld beim Einkaufen unter sich aufzuteilen .
Also stellten wir die Gruppen nach ihrem Wohnsitz zusammen , weil die Leute sofort mit dem Geld zum Hoftor eilten , wo die Frauen schon warteten .
Genauso beeilten sich die Frauen mit ihren Einkäufen , denn gegen Mittag waren die Noten schon weniger wert als am Morgen .
Für die Filmindustrie und das dort verbreitete Denken hieß das : Geld spielte eine untergeordnete Rolle , weil es sowieso keinen
Wert mehr hatte .
Exporte wurden durch die schwache Währung erleichtert .
Und man produzierte für einen Inlandsmarkt , den man fest im Griff hatte , weil er wegen der Inflation für die internationale Konkurrenz uninteressant geworden war .
Als 1923 die Stabilisierung der Währung gelang , trennten sich viele Firmen nur zögerlich von ihren inflationsbedingten Geschäftsmodellen .
1926 war die Ufa – der größte und mächtigste europäische Filmkonzern – so verschuldet , dass sie bei der Paramount und der Metro ( die spätere MGM ) einen Kredit in Höhe von 4 Millionen Dollar ( knapp 17 Millionen Reichsmark ) aufnehmen musste .
Das war die Kapitulation vor den Amerikanern , denen man den Rang als Weltmarktführer hatte ablaufen wollen .
Die Paramount , die Ufa und die Metro - Goldwyn - Corporation gründeten einen gemeinsamen Verleih namens Parufamet , der je zur Hälfte dem deutschen und den amerikanischen Vertragspartnern gehörte .
Die Ufa verpflichtete sich , ihren beiden Partnern jeweils 20 Filme pro Jahr abzunehmen und diesen 75 % ( später 50 % ) der Spielzeit in den Kinos zu reservieren , die direkt oder indirekt zu ihrem Imperium gehörten .
Die Paramount und die Metro sagten dafür zu , je 10 Ufa - Filme jährlich in ihr Programm aufzunehmen – allerdings ohne garantierte Spielzeiten und unter der Voraussetzung , dass diese den „ geschmacklichen Bedürfnissen “ des amerikanischen Publikums entsprachen .
Anders gesagt : Die Amerikaner bestimmten darüber , wie der Publikumsgeschmack zu sein hatte und behielten sich vor , deutsche Filme ihren Vorstellungen nach umzuschneiden .
Ohne den Parufamet - Vertrag wäre die Metropolis - Geschichte anders verlaufen .
Himmel der Kreativen
Fritz Langs Karriere wäre auch anders verlaufen , wenn es Erich Pommer nicht gegeben hätte .
Pommer war der wichtigste Produzent der Weimarer Republik .
Unter seiner Leitung entstanden viele Meisterwerke von Regisseuren wie Lang , Dupont und Murnau , die dazu beitrugen , das deutsche Kino weltberühmt zu machen .
Pommer hatte ein Gespür für Talente , die er zu unschlagbaren Kreativteams zusammenfasste , wie man heute sagen würde .
Er stellte sicher , dass die Regisseure , an die er glaubte , mit den besten Autoren , Kameraleuten und Produktionsdesignern zusammenarbeiten und sich die Zeit nehmen konnten , die sie brauchten .
Lang machte von diesen Möglichkeiten ausgiebig Gebrauch .
Dazu gehörten umfangreiche Vorarbeiten .
Dreharbeiten zu Metropolis ( Brigitte Helm an der Katakombenwand , Fritz Lang vor der Kamera sitzend )
Bei Fritz Lang denkt man heute an einen egomanischen Regie - Tyrannen , der mit dem Megaphon Anweisungen gibt , die seine Untertanen zu befolgen haben .
Erich Kettelhut zeichnet in seinen Memoiren ein anderes Bild .
Bevor die Dreharbeiten beginnen konnten , traf sich Lang mit seinem Stab ( Drehbuch , Kamera , Musik , Maske , Bauten , Produktionsdesign , Technik , Requisite ) zu Regiesitzungen , die sich zum Beispiel bei den Nibelungen über drei Monate erstreckten .
Diese Treffen begannen meistens um 4
Uhr nachmittags und endeten zwischen 1 und 3
Uhr nachts :
Jede Dekoration und jedes Detail , jede Stellung , jeder Gang eines Darstellers wurden genau besprochen und diskutiert .
Lang gab erst dann den Auftrag zur Ausführung von Entwürfen und technischen Zeichnungen , wenn alle einverstanden waren . [ … ]
Zwei
Tage nach der Besprechung legten alle ihre Arbeiten vor , die nochmals geprüft und diskutiert wurden , um dann angenommen , verändert oder von Lang abgelehnt zu werden .
Im letzten Fall fing die ganze Prozedur wieder von vorne an .
Wer heuer nur ein Filmbuch lesen will , sollte Kettelhuts Der Schatten des Architekten in Betracht ziehen .
Metropolis , meinte 1927 der junge Luis Buñuel , „ müsste namenlos sein , wie eine Kathedrale “ , weil so viele Menschen „ am Bau dieser monumentalen Kathedrale des modernen Kinos “ beteiligt gewesen seien .
Kettelhuts Memoiren machen deutlich , wie sehr Dr. Mabuse , Die Nibelungen , Metropolis und auch andere Klassiker wie Asphalt von Joe May das Resultat einer kollektiven Anstrengung sind .
Wer wie und unter welchen Umständen die heute noch faszinierenden Spezialeffekte erfand oder weiterentwickelte , wie es war , in Siegfrieds Drachen zu stecken , wie Lang ein Heer von Statisten in Bewegung setzte und wie er die Brüste der Frau Eiermann choreographierte : bei Kettelhut erfährt man es .
Die Nibelungen
Die Dreharbeiten zu Metropolis begannen am 26 .
Mai 1925 , ein Jahr nach der ersten Ankündigung des Projekts , und endeten am 30 .
Oktober 1926 .
Die Ufa startete eine begleitende Werbekampagne , die fast wöchentlich mit neuen Superlativen aufwartete , bis endlich die Premiere stattfinden konnte .
Als gesichert darf gelten , dass ein Budget von eineinhalb Millionen Reichsmark eingeplant war ( etwa das Dreifache einer durchschnittlichen Produktion ) , das bald aufgestockt werden musste und dann weiter anstieg .
Offenbar gab es keine wirkliche Finanzkontrolle , weshalb auch schwer zu sagen ist , was der Film tatsächlich gekostet hat .
Metropolis und Murnaus Faust ( 1925/26 ) , zwei von Pommer verantwortete Großproduktionen , sollen zusammen 10 Millionen Reichsmark verschlungen haben .
Es kann aber gut sein , dass bei dieser Summe auch Kostenüberschreitungen bei ganz anderen Ufa - Projekten mit eingerechnet wurden .
Angesichts eines nicht immer mit feinen Mitteln geführten Machtkampfes ist das sogar sehr wahrscheinlich .
Abschied vom Qualitätsfilm
Pommers Strategie , mit ( teuren ) Qualitätsfilmen den internationalen Markt zu erobern , geriet zunehmend unter Beschuss .
Gezielte Indiskretionen gab es wohl auch .
Im November 1925 konnte man in der Presse lesen , dass die Ufa überschuldet sei .
Mitten in den Dreharbeiten zu Metropolis , am 31 .
Dezember 1925 , wurde das Parufamet - Abkommen unterzeichnet .
Im Januar 1926 wurde berichtet , dass Erich Pommer , ein Gegner des Abkommens , seine Führungsposition bei der Ufa aufgeben werde .
Lang verlor damit seinen wichtigsten Fürsprecher in der Chefetage – den Mann , der ihm den Rücken freigehalten hatte .
Kettelhut erzählt von Auseinandersetzungen auf dem
Set von Metropolis , die man auf Langs schwierigen Charakter zurückführen kann oder darauf , dass er zunehmend unter Druck geriet .
Viele deutsche Filmkünstler gingen damals nach Hollywood .
Bei der Ufa gab es eine Entlassungswelle .
Bei den Einsparungsmaßnahmen wurde wenig Rücksicht darauf genommen , ob das gefeuerte Personal gerade bei einer laufenden Produktion gebraucht wurde oder nicht .
Im März wurden in der Fachpresse erste Gerüchte über Budgetüberschreitungen bei Metropolis kolportiert .
Die Rede war von Produktionskosten in Höhe von drei , dann vier , dann fünf und dann sechs Millionen .
Manche Filmhistoriker , die Gerüchte als Fakten wiedergeben und dabei auch noch Murnaus Faust übersehen , kommen auf zehn Millionen .
Metropolis
Am 13 .
November 1926 gab die Filmprüfstelle in Berlin eine Version von Metropolis frei , die eine Länge von 4189 Metern hatte .
Das ergibt eine Dauer von etwa zweieinhalb Stunden , wobei nicht ganz klar ist , wie schnell der Film vorgeführt wurde ( vermutlich mit 26 Bildern in der Sekunde , aber darüber lässt sich trefflich streiten ) .
Wahrscheinlich war er nicht koloriert , aber auch das ist umstritten .
Kettelhut erinnert sich an eine gelungene Premierenfeier am 10 .
Januar 1927 im Ufa - Palast am Zoo , mit Szenenapplaus .
Besonders Lang und seine Hauptdarstellerin Brigitte Helm wurden anschließend immer wieder vor den Vorhang gerufen .
Metropolis
Nach der Premiere wanderte der Film in den Ufa - Pavillon am Nollendorfplatz ( 600 Plätze ) .
Als er am 13 .
Mai abgesetzt wurde , hatten ihn etwa 15 000 Menschen gesehen .
Dann wurden die 40 Kopien , die der Parafumet - Verleih hatte ziehen lassen , vernichtet .
Das war der Beginn der filmreifen Geschichte von der Verstümmelung von Metropolis und von einer detektivischen Spurensuche , die zur stückweisen Wiederherstellung des ersten Films führte , der von der Unesco – sogar als Torso – in das „ Weltdokumentenerbe “ aufgenommen wurde ( im November 2001 ) .
Metropolis
Wie damals üblich , wurden ursprünglich drei Negative von Metropolis montiert : eines für die Kinoauswertung in Deutschland , eines für die Paramount , eines für den internationalen Markt unter Ausschluss der USA .
Keines dieser Negative war identisch mit den beiden anderen ; alle drei bestanden aber aus den mehr oder weniger gleichen Einstellungen , die hintereinander oder parallel mit mehreren Kameras gedreht worden waren .
Alle drei Negative waren vermutlich von Lang autorisiert .
Als Perfektionist gab er sich erst zufrieden , wenn man von jeder Einstellung drei Versionen hatte , die er für gut befand .
Das relativiert die Berichte über die Unmengen von Material , das Lang angeblich belichtete .
Und es macht die Leistung von Brigitte
Helm noch größer , die sich in ihrem ersten Film so lange von Rotwang durch die Katakomben und über die Dächer der Kathedrale jagen lassen , die so lange am Glockenseil hängen und so lange auf dem Scheiterhaufen ausharren musste , bis es von jeder Einstellung drei Versionen gab , mit denen Lang zufrieden war .
Die nun rekonstruierte Fassung ist aus den Fragmenten der drei Negative zusammengesetzt , die Lang damals ablieferte .
Wir müssen ihm also für seinen Perfektionismus dankbar sein – und seiner Hauptdarstellerin für ihren Mut und für ihr Durchhaltevermögen .
Metropolis
Alles für den Publikumsgeschmack : Metropolis wird verstümmelt
Die Paramount erhielt ihr Negativ im Dezember 1926 und reichte es zur Bearbeitung an den Bühnenautor Channing Pollock weiter .
Falls sich Pollock in seinem 1943 erschienenen Buch Harvest of My Days richtig erinnert , verstand er nicht , worum es in Metropolis ging .
Jedenfalls kürzte er den Film um ein Viertel .
Im Zentrum von Langs und von Harbous Original steht Hel , die tote Mutter des Helden .
Der Erfinder Rotwang hat Hel geliebt und an Joh Fredersen verloren , den Herrscher über Metropolis .
Hel ist bei der Geburt ihres Sohnes Freder gestorben .
Als Ersatz für die tote Geliebte hat Rotwang einen Maschinenmenschen geschaffen .
Pollock war das unheimlich .
Er entfernte Hel und bemühte sich eigenen Aussagen nach , stattdessen eine Frankenstein - Geschichte aus dem Film zu machen ( den Roman von Mary Shelley kannte er entweder nicht , oder er hatte ihn auch nicht verstanden ) .
Damit schnitt er das emotionale Zentrum aus dem Film heraus .
Metropolis
Weitere Änderungen : Pollock entfernte Elemente , die er für kommunistisch hielt .
Szenen mit Nebenfiguren wie dem Arbeiter Nr. 11811 und dem Schmalen , einem Geheimagenten Fredersens , wurden auf ein Minimum reduziert .
Der Mönch Desertus und die Gotiker , eine apokalyptische Sekte , fielen ganz weg .
Pollock stellte auch Szenen um , straffte die Handlung und entfernte Parallelmontagen , die er dem amerikanischen Publikum wohl nicht zumuten wollte .
In der nun rekonstruierten Fassung müsste das wieder enthalten sein .
Nr. 11811 wird wieder das Vergnügungsetablissement Yoshiwara besuchen , der Schmale wird wieder als Agent der Repression durch Metropolis schleichen , die Nebenfiguren werden vielschichtiger werden , es wird wieder ein Geflecht aus Haupt - und Nebensträngen geben ( Thea von Harbou war sehr gut beim Konstruieren von komplexen Geschichten ) , und hoffentlich wird man auch wieder nachvollziehen können , wie Lang diese Stränge miteinander verband .
Was inhaltlich in den gekürzten Fassungen fehlt , weiß man seit Jahren ziemlich genau .
Aber einem von Langs Markenzeichen , dem Schaffen neuer Bedeutungsebenen durch visuelle Symmetrien , kann man sich nur durch das Einfügen der entfernten Bilder wieder annähern , nicht durch Inhaltsangaben .
Metropolis
Rotwang wird kein Irrer mehr sein , sondern ein Mensch mit einem nicht bewältigten Trauma .
Er wird wieder eine
Tote lieben , und man wird verstehen , warum er – vor einem Vorhang stehend – außer sich gerät .
Hinter dem Vorhang befindet sich Rotwangs Heiligtum , ein in Stein gemeißelter Kopf von Hel.
Bei Pollock , der Hel gestrichen hat , fuchtelt der Erfinder mit den Händen in der Luft herum , weil Mad Scientists das eben so machen .
In der rekonstruierten Version wird Rotwang wieder einen Grund für sein überspanntes Gestikulieren haben und auch dafür , seinen Maschinenmenschen mit Brüsten auszustatten .
In der Pollock - Version sind die weiblichen Attribute des Geschöpfs absurd , weil da für die unterirdischen Fabriken von Metropolis ein Arbeitsroboter gebaut werden soll .
Metropolis
Im April 1927 wurde in Deutschland beschlossen , Metropolis vorerst abzusetzen und im August neu zu starten : in einer gekürzten Version , in der die „ Betitelung mit kommunistischer Tendenz “ beseitigt sein würde .
Auf Wunsch des Ufa- Vorstands sollte sich die neue Fassung an Pollocks US - Version orientieren , aber „ die in Amerika hineingebrachten pietistischen Stellen “ sollten wieder entfernt werden .
Die umgeschnittene , um 948 Meter kürzere , mit 53 neuen oder umformulierten Titelkarten versehene Version ( 87 Titel blieben unverändert ) wurde am 5 .
August 1927 freigegeben .
Der Kritiker „ Balthasar “ ( Roland Schacht ) hatte im Januar eine „ fabelhafte “ Premiere miterlebt .
Aber jetzt : „ Dies Metropolis ist gar nicht mehr , auch entfernt nicht mehr , der Film , den wir vor dreiviertel Jahren im Ufa Zoo gesehen haben . “
„ Die Musik von Gottfried Huppertz “ , hatte der Mabuse - Erfinder Norbert Jacques geschrieben , „ reißt im Mitstürmen die Ereignisse auf , sie ist groß , klar und stark . “
Davon war nicht viel geblieben , als die neue Fassung von Metropolis Ende August mit 70 Kopien in die Kinos kam .
Roland Schacht dazu :
Von der auch jetzt noch als solche angekündigten Musik von Huppertz sind ein paar Motive stehen geblieben , im übrigen ist man zu dem bewährten Potpourri aus Chopin , Freischütz und Traviata nebst Schlagern aus der Kinothek übergegangen .
Ob und wie Lang versuchte , die Verstümmelung des Films zu verhindern , ist unbekannt .
Er sprach nicht gern über Metropolis , und wenn doch , dann meistens abfällig .
Aber das tat er bei allen seinen Filmen , die ein geschäftlicher Misserfolg waren und dadurch seine Position als Regisseur schwächten .
Festzuhalten bleibt , dass im März 1927 der stramm konservative Hugenberg - Konzern die Kontrolle über die Ufa übernahm .
Das alte Direktorium brauchte einen Sündenbock .
Im Mai gab der Bankier von Stauß bei der Generalversammlung der Ufa zu Protokoll , dass Metropolis fünf Millionen gekostet und damit entscheidend zur finanziellen Schieflage des Unternehmens beigetragen habe .
Die Information wurde auch der Fachpresse zugespielt .
Metropolis
Lang verlangte erfolglos , durch ein Schiedsgericht die wahren Kosten ermitteln zu lassen .
Inzwischen schrieb die Presse bereits von sieben oder acht Millionen .
Lanciert wurden auch Gerüchte , denen zufolge sich Lang durch falsche Spesenabrechnungen bereichert habe .
Das Ganze erinnert an das , was Orson Welles bei der RKO erlebte .
Als das Studio wegen finanzieller Probleme eine neue Führung erhielt , wurde Welles zum Sündenbock gemacht .
Die RKO ließ The Magnificent Ambersons , sein zweites Meisterwerk nach Citizen Kane , kürzen , umschneiden und mit einem neuen Schluss versehen .
Welles , der als Regisseur – anders als Lang – ein Vorbild an Sparsamkeit war , wurde zeitlebens den Ruf des Verschwenders nicht mehr los .
Die aus Ambersons entfernten Teile sind verschwunden .
Die neuen Bosse der RKO sollen Anweisung gegeben haben , sie wie Giftmüll im Meer zu versenken .
Von der Reichsfilmkammer zur Postmoderne
Zurück zu Metropolis .
Es gibt eine Bestandsliste der Reichsfilmkammer von 1934 , in der ein Negativ mit einer Länge von 2589 Meter aufgeführt wird ( ohne Zwischentitel ) .
Das dürfte die ( nicht mehr vollständige ) Version gewesen sein , die Ende August 1927 neu gestartet worden war .
Iris Barry , die für das Museum of Modern Art eine Filmsammlung aufbaute , bereiste 1936 Europa und bat um eine Kopie .
Das , was 1937 beim MoMA eintraf , war noch einmal um 600 Meter kürzer .
Auf die eine oder andere Weise beruhen die meisten Versionen , die in den folgenden Jahrzehnten zu sehen waren , auf dieser MoMA - Fassung .
Mitte der 1960er kam der Film zurück nach Deutschland .
In westdeutschen Kinos lief eine vertonte , 92 Minuten lange Version – basierend auf einer Kopie der British Film Library , die diese 1938 vom MoMA bekommen hatte .
1971 zeigte die ARD eine offenbar 93 Minuten lange Fassung .
Ebenfalls einen Torso , aber einen etwas anderen , gab es im Osten .
Die Bestände des Reichsfilmarchivs waren bei Kriegsende den Russen in die Hände gefallen .
Ende der 1960er versuchte das Staatliche Filmarchiv der DDR , die in Ost und West vorhandenen Bruchstücke zusammenzuführen .
Das erwies sich als sehr schwierig , weil es kaum Hinweise gab , was bei Lang wie montiert gewesen war .
In den 1970 ern reiste Gero Gandert von der Deutschen Kinemathek in Berlin nach Oberbayern , besuchte die Witwe des Komponisten Gottfried Huppertz und brachte die handschriftliche Originalpartitur sowie das einzige erhaltene Drehbuch mit zurück .
Werner Sudendorf , Leiter der Sammlungen der Deutschen Kinemathek , schreibt dazu in einem Artikel für die Welt :
Lange Zeit freute [ Gandert ] sich allein über den Fund , denn für Filmarchivare ist Papier minderes Begleitmaterial – es zählt nur der Film .
Erst mit Verspätung erkannten die Experten , dass auch das Drehbuch interessante Informationen enthält und in der handschriftlichen Partitur alle Szenen und ihre Abfolge notiert sind .
Nun konnten in jahrelanger Arbeit wenigstens die Szenenumstellungen rückgängig gemacht , die Originaltitel wieder eingesetzt und die Bildqualität verbessert werden .
Die Abneigung der Experten gegenüber dem Papier scheint weit verbreitet gewesen zu sein .
Wenn man Metropolis - Artikel aus den 1970 ern liest , hat man selten den Eindruck , dass die Autoren einen Blick in den Roman Thea von Harbous geworfen haben ; für manche Experten gilt das bis heute ( von Harbous schwülstiger Stil macht die Lektüre auch nicht unbedingt zum Genuss ) .
Metropolis
„ Metropolis “ , schrieb Buñuel 1927 in seiner Kritik , „ ist nicht ein Film .
Metropolis sind zwei Filme , am Bauch aneinandergeklebt , aber mit unterschiedlichen , extrem antagonistischen geistigen Ansprüchen . “
Buñuel hätte auch von fünf oder zehn aneinandergeklebten ( oder besser : sich durchdringenden ) Filmen sprechen können .
Metropolis ist alles gleichzeitig : die Geschichte einer amour fou ; ein Rachedrama ; ein Experimental - und ein Monumentalfilm ; eine Anti-Utopie ; ein Science - Fiction - und ein Horrorfilm ; Expressionismus und Neue Sachlichkeit ; Kitsch , Kunst und Kommerz ; politisch - religiöses Traktat und aus den Fugen geratenes Melodram ; wüste Kolportage , Revolutionsfilm , Gesellschaftsanalyse ( wirtschaftliche und politische Macht sind identisch ) und Beschwichtigungsversuch auf dem Niveau von Kalendersprüchen .
Kurzum : Fritz Lang war seiner Zeit voraus .
Metropolis
Die Metropolis - Rezeption war lange von dem Bemühen geprägt , die Filme zu isolieren , die einem hehren Kunstanspruch genügten und auszusondern , was man nicht haben wollte .
Das „ gute “ Metropolis wurde dabei Fritz Lang zugeschrieben , das „ schlechte “ der Hitler - Verehrerin Thea von Harbou ( wobei wohl auch der Sexismus eine Rolle spielte ) .
Es bedurfte der Postmoderne , um diese wilde Mischung endlich als Ganzes würdigen zu können – oder wenigstens als das , was vom Ganzen übrig war .
Rotwangs künstliche Hand taucht bei Kubrick am Arm von Dr. Seltsam wieder auf .
Metropolis ist nicht umsonst ein zentrales Referenzwerk für das Verständnis von Thomas Pynchons Gravity ’s Rainbow .
Queen ( Radio GaGa ) und Madonna ( Express Yourself ) schlachteten den Film für ihre Musikvideos aus , wie der Film die abendländische Kunstgeschichte ausgeschlachtet hatte .
Giorgio Moroders neu montierte Metropolis - Version von 1985 ist ein einziger , 80 Minuten langer ( und dabei dem Original gegenüber nie respektloser ) Musikclip , und ohne Metropolis - Zitat kann auch Kevin Kostner Whitney Houston nicht retten ( The Bodyguard ) .
Inzwischen ist man sogar so weit , die Möglichkeit zuzulassen , dass der dämliche Sinnspruch , mit dem der Film beginnt und endet ( „ MITTLER ZWISCHEN HIRN UND HÄNDEN MUSS DAS HERZ SEIN “ ) , nicht ernster gemeint ist als viele Texte in den Sprechblasen der Comics .
Metropolis
Explosiver Nitrofilm
Enno Patalas und seine Mitarbeiter im Münchner Filmmuseum waren also ganz auf der Höhe der Zeit , als sie zwischen 1984 und 1988 versuchten , alle Metropolis - Bruchstücke , die sie irgendwo finden konnten , in der ursprünglichen Reihenfolge anzuordnen und die in andere Sprachen übersetzten und dann rückübersetzten Zwischentitel textgetreu wiederherzustellen .
Leider muss hier auch eine Chronologie der Ereignisse erwähnt werden , die die Redaktion der Welt dem bereits erwähnten Artikel von Werner Sudendorf beigegeben hat und in der eine Bombe versteckt ist .
Dort heißt es :
1988 : Bei der Murnau - Stiftung in Wiesbaden werden 30 Rollen mit altem Nitrofilm vernichtet , nur fünf davon wurden vorher kopiert .
Es gibt Spekulationen , dass es sich um das Originalnegativ von „ Metropolis " handelte .
Schwarz auf Weiß steht da ein Gerücht , das schon länger die Runde macht .
Wer der
Welt das wohl gesteckt hat , und mit welcher Absicht ?
Geschichten über potentiell unwiederbringliches , in irgendeinem Archiv voreilig entsorgtes Material gibt es viele .
Oft werden sie verbreitet , wenn es Umbesetzungen beim Personal des jeweiligen Archivs gibt .
Wahrscheinlich ist das bei anderen Betrieben auch nicht anders .
Manchmal stimmt das Gerücht , manchmal hat es einen wahren Kern , manchmal ist es frei erfunden .
Ich habe bei der Murnau - Stiftung angefragt und bisher keine Antwort erhalten .
Das muss nichts heißen .
Bestimmt ist man in Wiesbaden angesichts des Tohuwabohus um die Welturaufführung sehr beschäftigt .
Vielleicht ist die Antwort verlorengegangen .
Das ist schon wichtigeren Leuten als mir passiert ( siehe unten ) .
Einstweilen weiß ich nur , dass nicht näher spezifizierte Filmrollen nach dem Zusammenbruch der Nachkriegs - Ufa an die Murnau - Stiftung abgegeben wurden , „ wo das Material lange unerkannt schlummerte .
1988 wurde ein Rest von fünf Rollen umkopiert und das Ausgangsmaterial anschließend vernichtet . “
Das schreibt Martin Koerber , der zusammen mit Enno Patalas die Metropolis - Rekonstruktion leitete , die 2001 vorgestellt wurde und aktuell auf DVD vorliegt .
Alle drei Originalnegative der ungekürzten Fassung , die Fritz Lang der Ufa überreichte , sind verschollen .
Könnte sich tatsächlich eines davon auf den ominösen Rollen befunden haben , die 1988 vernichtet wurden ?
Das ist eigentlich schwer vorstellbar , weil Metropolis damals durch Patalas ’ Restaurierungsbemühungen in aller Munde war .
Andererseits wird niemand bestreiten , dass in Archiven Dinge weggeworfen wurden ( und noch werden ? ) , von denen niemand genau wusste , worum es sich handelte .
Das hat vielleicht mit der Gleichgültigkeit von Bürokraten zu tun , ganz bestimmt aber mit Geld .
Dröhnende Selbstbeweihräucherung
„ Jetzt schwoll das Brausen der großen Orgel zu einem Dröhnen an , das sich wie ein aufstehender Riese gegen die Wölbung des hohen Raumes stemmte , um sie zu zersprengen . “
Das ist der erste Satz von Thea von Harbous Metropolis - Roman .
Mit Harbou - typischem
Bombast könnte hier beschrieben sein , was uns heute Abend erwartet .
Die Welturaufführung der jetzt fast wieder kompletten Metropolis - Fassung wird nicht nur im Berliner Friedrichsstadtpalast stattfinden , sondern zeitgleich auch in der Alten Oper Frankfurt , begleitet von der Fernsehausstrahlung bei Arte und einer Public - Viewing - Veranstaltung am Brandenburger Tor.
Das Ganze wird als Super - Mega - Event inszeniert .
Metropolis
Wenn die vielen Politiker , die sich eine Einladung gesichert haben , wirklich selber hingehen , wird ein beachtlicher Teil des Bundestages im Publikum sitzen .
Mit allgemeinem Schulterklopfen ist fest zu rechnen .
Arte hat eine 25 - minütige Vorberichterstattung angekündigt .
Ob da wohl jemand die schön klingenden EU - Richtlinien zum Schutz des audiovisuellen Archivguts erwähnen wird ?
Die BRD hat sie 2008 unterzeichnet .
Kein Mensch weiß , woher das für die Umsetzung erforderliche Geld kommen soll .
Angekündigt wurde damals ein Archivgesetz .
Wenn ich richtig informiert bin , gibt es bisher nicht einmal einen Entwurf .
Nehmen wir an , das von der Welt kolportierte Gerücht beruht auf Fakten : Warum sollte ein Archiv wie das der Murnau - Stiftung , die gegründet wurde , um unser filmisches Erbe zu bewahren und allgemein zugänglich zu machen , 25 von 30 Rollen Nitrofilm vernichten , ohne vorher wenigstens nachzuschauen , was drauf ist ?
Bei alten Nitrofilmen ist das nicht so einfach .
Meistens sind sie in einem miserablen Zustand .
Sie müssen erst aufwendig restauriert werden , ehe man sie sichten kann .
Das kostet Geld .
Nitrofilme sind extrem brandgefährlich .
Eine sachgerechte , sichere und dem weiteren Verfall vorbeugende Lagerung ist teuer .
Solche Nitrofilme kann man nicht herumliegen lassen .
Also muss eine Entscheidung getroffen werden .
Alle deutschen Filmarchive sind seit Jahren unterfinanziert .
Politiker , die sich jetzt an Metropolis berauschen , müssen sich fragen lassen , was sie – von wohlfeilen Sonntagsreden einmal abgesehen – dagegen unternehmen wollen .
Es geht darum , ob unsere Unterschrift unter den EU - Richtlinien mehr wert ist als das Papier , auf dem sie steht .
Die pompöse Metropolis - Aufführung wäre der geeignete Moment , diese Frage zu stellen .
Hinterher wird wieder das große Desinteresse einsetzen .
Glückliches Buenos Aires
Rechtzeitig zur Berlinale - Premiere und zur begleitenden Ausstellung in der Deutschen Kinemathek ( bis 15 .
April ) ist im Belleville - Verlag ein grandioses Metropolis - Buch mit über 600 Abbildungen erschienen , von denen man die meisten so noch nie gesehen hat und die einen Eindruck davon vermitteln , warum der deutsche Film damals seine größte Zeit hatte ( im selben Verlag gibt es auch Erich Kettelhuts Memoiren , Der Schatten des Architekten , und Daniel Semlers labor of love , die minutiös recherchierte und sehr empfehlenswerte Biographie Brigitte Helm - Der Vamp des deutschen Films ) .
Mein Lieblingskapitel im Textteil von Fritz Langs Metropolis ist einem Gespräch mit Paula Félix - Didier gewidmet .
Dort erfährt man , wie die schier unglaubliche Geschichte von der Wiederentdeckung von Metropolis weiterging .
Metropolis
Ganz wie in einem Film von Fritz Lang , beginnt dieser Teil der Geschichte in der Vergangenheit .
In den 1920 ern gab es im cinephilen Buenos Aires an die 3000 Kinos .
Im Gegensatz zu anderen Ländern in Südamerika hatten die US - Studios den argentinischen Markt noch nicht erobert .
Buenos Aires erbrachte den Beweis , dass der Publikumsgeschmack nicht unbedingt identisch mit dem sein muss , was Hollywood dafür ausgibt .
In vielen Kinos wurden europäische und einheimische Produktionen gezeigt .
Der argentinische Filmverleiher Adolfo Z. Wilson war 1927 in Berlin , sah Langs Fassung von Metropolis und beschloss , den Film nach Buenos Aires zu bringen , weil er wusste , dass er dort ein interessiertes Publikum finden würde .
Wilsons Verleihkopie von Metropolis hätte nach der Auswertung vernichtet werden müssen .
Aber irgendwie gelang es Manuel Peña Rodríguez , die Kopie für seine Sammlung zu bekommen .
Das ist einer von den Fällen , in denen ein Film gerettet wird , weil ein Sammler etwas tut , das von der Industrie für illegal erklärt wurde .
Der Filmkritiker Peña Rodríguez war keiner von den Sammlern , die ihre Schätze horten und mit keinem teilen wollen .
Er verlieh sie , zum Beispiel an den Cineclub Nucléo .
Dort wurden sie von dem Filmkritiker Salvador Sammaritano vorgeführt .
Beim Cineclub Nucléo war später auch der Sammler und Filmhistoriker Fernando Martín Peña beschäftigt .
Sammaritano erzählte ihm , wie anstrengend die Vorführung von Metropolis gewesen sei .
Die Kopie habe sich in einem sehr schlechten Zustand befunden .
Mehr als zwei Stunden lang habe er mit dem Daumen auf den Filmstreifen gedrückt , damit er möglichst ruhig laufen konnte .
Martín Peña machte das hellhörig .
Die damals verfügbare Metropolis - Fassung war nur 90 Minuten lang .
Also forschte er nach .
Metropolis .
Bilder der argentinischen 16 mm - Kopie
Anfang der 1970er war die Sammlung von Peña Rodríguez in den Besitz des Nationalen Kunstfonds von Argentinien übergegangen .
Da es sich vor allem um 35 mm - Kopien auf Nitrofilm handelte , die man beim Kunstfonds nicht lagern konnte , entschloss man sich , das gesamte Material umzukopieren – auf 16 mm - Film , weil das am billigsten war .
Dabei wurden alle in den vergangenen Jahrzehnten entstandenen Beschädigungen mitkopiert .
In der nun rekonstruierten Fassung wird man die 25 neu hinzugekommenen Minuten gleich erkennen können , weil die Schäden beim heutigen Stand der Technik nur teilweise behoben werden können .
Die neuen Stücke aus Buenos Aires erreichen nicht die Bildqualität der digital restaurierten Version von 2001 .
Das Ausgangsmaterial , Peña Rodríguez ’ Nitrofilm , wurde vermutlich Anfang der 1970er in Buenos Aires verbrannt .
Fernando Martín Peña versuchte erfolglos , an die 16 mm - Kopie des Nitrofilms heranzukommen , von dem ihm Sammaritano erzählt hatte .
Im Januar 2008 , als Paula Félix - Didier die Leitung des Museo del Cine übernahm , des Filmmuseums von Buenos Aires , waren da schon wieder annähernd 20 Jahre vergangen .
Martín Peña , sagt Frau Félix - Didier diplomatisch , war an „ bürokratischen Hürden “ gescheitert .
Um einen Blick ins Archiv werfen zu dürfen , hätte er eine Genehmigung gebraucht , und die bekam er nicht .
So etwas kann einem auch in anderen Städten passieren .
Die Verwalter öffentlicher Archive vergessen hin und wieder , dass das , was ihnen anvertraut wurde , nicht ihre private Sammlung ist , über die sie nach Gutdünken verfügen können ( zum Glück gilt das nicht für alle Archivare ) .
2008 war das Museo del Cine schon seit vier Jahren „ vorübergehend “ geschlossen , das Archivmaterial war in einer Lagerhalle untergebracht .
Fernando Martín Peña hatte der neuen Chefin von Sammaritano und seinem schmerzenden Daumen erzählt , als sie sich an eine Bestandsaufnahme machte .
Es stellte sich heraus , dass die Sammlung von Peña Rodríguez seit 1992 im mehrfach umgezogenen und nur in Form einer Lagerhalle existierenden Museo del Cine verwahrt wurde .
Die Metropolis - Kopie war ordentlich inventarisiert und lag an der richtigen Stelle im Regal .
Jetzt bekam Martín Peña die Genehmigung .
Nach der Entwicklung des 16 mm - Negativs war klar , um welchen Schatz es sich da handelte .
Metropolis
Die beiden Finder versuchten , Kontakt mit Enno Patalas und mit der Murnau - Stiftung aufzunehmen .
Ohne Erfolg .
Die Stiftung , sagt Frau Félix - Didier , schickte eine Antwort , aber die E - Mail kam in Buenos Aires nie an ( bestimmt hat man in Wiesbaden inzwischen Vorkehrungen getroffen , dass sich so etwas nicht wiederholen kann ) .
Fernando nahm darauf eine VHS - Kopie des Films mit nach Spanien , wo er im Telefonbuch die Nummer des Murnau - Experten Luciano Berriatúa fand , der schon mit der Stiftung gearbeitet hatte ( von ihm stammt die aktuelle Nosferatu - Restaurierung ) .
Berriatúa war begeistert und meldete sich bei Martin Koerber in Berlin , der über eine befreundete Journalistin den Kontakt zum Zeit - Magazin herstellte .
Das ist der Grund , warum Die Zeit die Information als erste hatte und damals einen großen Bericht in ihrem Magazin brachte .
Paula und Fernando flogen mit einer DVD nach Berlin , wo das Material bei der Deutschen Kinemathek gesichtet wurde .
Das führte dann zur Restaurierung , für die Martin Koerber und – für die Murnau - Stiftung – Anke Wilkening verantwortlich zeichnen .
Warten auf Dr. Caligari
Paula Félix - Didier nennt einige Faktoren , die zusammenkommen mussten , damit die verloren geglaubte Lang - Fassung von Metropolis wiederentdeckt werden konnte : Der Verleiher Adolfo Z. Wilson war nicht nur Geschäftsmann , sondern auch Filmliebhaber .
Er kaufte 1927 die Metropolis - Kopie , weil er den üblichen Behauptungen über den „ Publikumsgeschmack “ nicht glaubte , die oft nur eine Publikumsbeschimpfung sind , da so getan wird , als sei für den Durchschnittsbürger alles zu hoch , was über Rosamunde - Pilcher - Niveau hinausgeht .
Wilson konnte mit seinem Verleih existieren , weil es in Buenos Aires statt eines verordneten Einheitsgeschmacks eine vielfältige Filmkultur gab und eine Kinolandschaft , in der nicht auf allen Leinwänden dieselben fünf Blockbuster liefen .
Peña Rodríguez begann schon in den 1930 ern mit dem Sammeln und Archivieren von Stummfilmen , die anderswo weggeworfen wurden , er hielt sich nicht an die von der Industrie aufgestellten Regeln , und nur , weil er seine Filme zugänglich machte , konnte Sammaritano sie zeigen und Fernando Martín Peña davon erzählen .
Der wiederum hatte an einer öffentlichen Filmhochschule studiert und erkannte die potentielle Bedeutung der Information .
In Buenos Aires gab es auch eine öffentliche Einrichtung , die wenigstens über genug Mittel verfügte , um das 16 mm - Negativ anfertigen und archivieren zu können ( aber leider nicht die Nitrofilme , die wahrscheinlich besser zu restaurieren wären ) .
Und mit Paula Félix - Didier kam schließlich noch eine Direktorin des Filmmuseums hinzu , die Martín Peña nicht als lästigen Bittsteller behandelte , dessen berechtigtes Anliegen man besser im Labyrinth der Bürokratie verschwinden lässt , weil das am wenigsten Arbeit macht .
Daraus lässt sich sehr viel lernen .
In Buenos Aires wurde bis in die späten 1960er hinein die Lang - Fassung von Metropolis gezeigt , die im Rest der Welt als verschollen galt , und scheinbar fiel keinem etwas auf .
Paula Félix - Didier hat dafür eine einfache Erklärung : Es gab weder Videokassetten noch DVDs , und kaum einem war klar , dass verschiedene Versionen existierten .
Um etwas zu bemerken , hätte jemand , der die zweieinhalb Stunden kannte , zufällig in Europa die gekürzte Fassung sehen müssen .
Das Bewusstsein dafür , dass ein Teil des Films als verloren galt , wurde erst durch Giorgio Moroders viel ( und zu unrecht ) gescholtene Disco - Fassung von 1985 geschärft .
Damals wurden in Buenos Aires die alten Nitrofilme längst nicht mehr gezeigt , das 16 mm - Negativ von Metropolis war im Archiv verschwunden .
Das lässt nur einen Schluss zu : Man muss zugänglich machen , was man hat .
Möglichst bald und nicht erst , wenn sich die Bundesregierung dazu aufraffen kann , Absichtserklärungen durch konkrete Maßnahmen zu ersetzen .
Der überwiegende Teil der Stummfilme – das ist ein Viertel unserer Filmkultur – ist verschollen .
Aber niemand weiß , was noch irgendwo herumliegt .
Wenn der gern bemühte Spruch stimmt , dass der Film unser kollektives Gedächtnis ist , fehlen uns in diesem Gedächtnis 30 Jahre .
Die 2001 abgeschlossene Restaurierung von Metropolis beginnt mit einer traurigen Nachricht : „ Über ein Viertel des Films muss als verloren gelten . “
Das Jahr 2008 hat gezeigt , was noch möglich ist .
Die Nibelungen , Die Finanzen des Großherzogs , Phantom , Das Cabinet des Dr. Caligari
In den vergangenen Jahrzehnten wurde viel an Rekonstruktions - und Restaurierungsarbeit geleistet – ein beachtlicher Teil davon durch die Murnau - Stiftung oder in deren Auftrag .
Aber kaum einer der Filme ist vollständig überliefert .
Durch ihre Verbreitung auf DVD steigt die Wahrscheinlichkeit , dass noch etwas gefunden wird .
Das kann eine Minute aus Langs Die Nibelungen sein oder Friedrich Wilhelm Murnaus ( vermeintliches ) Meisterwerk 4 Devils , von dem nur Standphotos erhalten sind .
Viele der Filme , die von der Murnau - Stiftung für uns restauriert wurden , gibt es leider nur in anderen Ländern auf DVD .
Die Nibelungen kann man in Spanien , Frankreich und den USA kaufen , aber nicht bei uns .
Phantom und Die Finanzen des Großherzogs von Murnau , der unserer Stiftung den Namen gegeben hat , sind kürzlich in den USA , Spanien und England erschienen , nicht in Deutschland .
Das Cabinet des Dr. Caligari , einer der berühmtesten deutschen Filme überhaupt , kann bald zehnjähriges Jubiläum feiern – nicht der DVD - Veröffentlichung , sondern der Ankündigung , dass der Film auch hierzulande bald erscheinen wird .
Dem sollten endlich Taten folgen .
Das Cabinet des Dr. Caligari
Am Beispiel der restaurierten Fassung von Metropolis lässt sich nun neu belegen , dass sich der Aufwand lohnt .
Man muss nicht der Meinung mancher Cineasten sein , dass das Kino seit den Tagen des Stummfilms nichts Besseres mehr hervorgebracht hat .
Aber man muss vor den Stummfilmen auch keine Angst haben .
Sie sind weder langweilig noch unverständlich .
Ein Produzent hat einmal gesagt , ein Film müsse mit einem Erdbeben beginnen und sich dann langsam steigern .
Metropolis kommt dem schon sehr nahe .
Geboten wird das längste Furioso der Filmgeschichte .
Seit damals hat es in Deutschland keinen Regisseur mehr gegeben , der das so konnte wie Fritz Lang .
( Hans Schmid )
The BBC website began its official life back in December 1997 with this very simple design .
It was a basic offering with two sections to the site .
Over time it has grown to encompass a great deal more .
However due to the organic way in which the website evolved and the old structure of the business , with dozens of small design teams working independently of each other , the site had a fairly schizophrenic nature once you delved into its depths .
About 2 years ago , after printing out the site onto what has now become jokingly known as the ' Wall of Shame ' we decided to embark on an ambitious project , called Global Visual Language 2.0 , with the aim of unifying the visual and interaction design of bbc.co.uk and the mobile website .
We created a new wider , centred page template to take advantage of wider screen resolutions and for the first time created an underlying grid .
We rationalised the hundreds of different banner styles into a new global and local branding and navigation system .
We discontinued the scores of different audio and video players and created a universal embedded media player .
And we redesigned the homepage creating a visual style that began to ripple through the site and onto the mobile platform .
We 've lived with and loved the distinctly ' web 2.0 ' design for a while now and it 's done us proud .
However , time 's moved on , and in autumn last year we decided it was time to resurrect the project .
We set out to broaden our ambitions ; to create a design philosophy and world - class design standards that all designers across the business could adhere to .
We wanted to find the soul of the BBC .
We wanted something distinctive and recognisable ; we wanted drama .
We knew whatever we created needed to be truly cross-platform and that we needed to simplify our user journeys .
We did n't do it on our own .
We pulled together representatives from across the business , led by the project 's Creative Director , Ben Gammon , to form a Global Design Working Group , and we created a GVL Steering Group to help manage and direct the course of the project .
We also went out into the industry to find a partner to co-create the styleguide : Neville Brody and his agency , Research Studios .
After going through a tender process in which we invited six agencies to pitch for the work , we chose Research Studios because we felt they had demonstrated a good insight into the BBC , its public purposes and they way in which it functions .
We were also impressed with the work created for the pitch and Neville 's back catalogue of work .
Together , over the last four months , we 've spent countless hours and created countless iterations of designs , components , mastheads , footers , polar maps , word documents , pdfs and grids ... and whilst it 's still a work in progress , I 'd like to share with you where we 're at with both the design philosophy and the latest version of our global visual language styleguide .
We wanted to create a design philosophy , or a set of values , to unite the user experience practitioners across the business .
We settled on nine keywords which we think sum up what we 're about and what we 're trying to achieve :
Modern British
We want to create a modern British design aesthetic , something vibrant and quirky that translates outside our national boundaries .
Current
It needs to feel current and reflect what 's happening in the UK right now , in real - time .
We curate a timeline of Britain and create links to the past - to our rich archive .
Authentic
Wherever we are heard we need to sound authentic and relevant , warm and human .
We want to reference the BBC 's iconic design and broadcasting heritage .
We value the trust placed in us .
Compelling
We engage our audiences with compelling storytelling .
Our voice ranges from serious and authoritative through to witty and entertaining .
Distinctive
We stand out from the crowd .
We strike a balance between overly templated , cookie - cutter design and beautiful anarchy .
We are bold and dramatic .
Pioneering
We pioneer design innovations that surprise and delight .
But we take our audiences with us .
Joined - up
We view all services and platforms as one connected whole but deliver experiences that are sensitive to their context of use .
Universal
Our services are open and accessible .
Our interfaces are simple , useful and intuitive .
Best
Our ambition is to be the best digital media brand in the world .
Armed with our new philosophy we began creating conceptual designs for various properties : BBC news , homepage , search , iPlayer , programme pages and the embedded media player .
Through doing this work we began to distill the essence of a new visual style .
I 'm going to take you through some of the key elements , starting with the page grid .
We took inspiration from many sources .
What we were trying to achieve is an underlying grid system that was flexible enough to enable many unique design variations whilst still feeling coherent and considered .
The new grid is based on 31 sixteen pixel columns with two left hand columns that can be split into four , and one wider right hand column , which accommodates the ad formats that appear on the international facing version of the site .
We 're looking to create the effect of interwoven vertical and horizontal bands , making a feature of the right hand column across the site .
Along with the 16 pixel vertical grid we 've also for the first time got an integrated 8 pixel baseline grid so that we can align elements on a page both vertically and horizontally .
A key feature of the new GVL is a much more dramatic use of typography .
As well as Gill Sans we 've introduced big bold type in Helvetica or Arial and restricted variations in size so that we have much greater consistency across the site .
Here 's an example of it all pulled together on a new story page , and examples of typography styling in promo drawers .
We focused on signposting and articulation ; you can see the time stamping treatment and signposting for live content .
This is an example of a call to action for a piece of video and a pull quote .
You can see again the dramatic use of typography and big bold iconography .
Here 's another couple of examples of typographic styling ; type over images and the use of scale to create hierarchy and drama in link styling .
We 've developed a highlight colour palette for non-branded areas of the site , or areas where the BBC masterbrand talks directly to the audience ( eg the BBC homepage , search , some of our genre areas ) .
Each colour has a tonal range to be used in contrast or in unison with each other .
We 've also got a neutral palette and a much more restrained usage of gradients where the colours are situated next to each other in each tonal range on the colour wheel .
Our recommendation is that pages have a predominantly neutral colour palette with colour being provided by large and dramatic imagery .
The highlight colour is used sparingly to create vibrancy and draw the eye to key areas of the page .
We 're moving away from left hand navigation to consistently placed , horizontal navigation across the site .
Here 's an example from Sport :
We 're designing a new look and feel for the embedded media player - it 's still a work in progress but you can see the bold calls to action and typography .
We 've got four types of carousel - one that fits right hand column , one for the double left hand columns , a full - width version and one that breaks out of the page grid and extends to the browser edges to create a cinematic , full screen experience .
And finally , we 've created a new set of icons .
This style guide is a set of page elements that can be pulled together in any number of ways .
We wanted to create something that is flexible enough to allow all our brands their full expression whilst uniting them into a coherent user experience .
We also wanted to strip out any superfluous decoration and allow the content and imagery to shine through .
To me , this new visual language is exciting and refreshing .
It feels timeless , yet very of the moment .
I hope you agree .
Next steps ; we need to finalise the masthead and footer .
We 're looking at mobile and IPTV as well how we treat social elements on the page ( social bookmarking , share functionality , comments , ratings , reviews etc ) .
We 'll also be working through the components in the glow widget library and pulling it all together into an audience - facing design and code patterns library along with a new set of standards and guidelines .
I hope you like what you see .
We 're always interested in your feedback on both the philosophy and the styleguide .
Bronwyn van der Merwe is Head of Design and User Experience , Central Team , BBC FM&T .
Archived content Archive date : 2019 -08 - 28
This content is no longer being updated or maintained .
The content is provided “ as is . ”
Given the rapid evolution of technology , some content , steps , or illustrations may have changed .
This content is no longer being updated or maintained .
The content is provided “ as is . ”
Given the rapid evolution of technology , some content , steps , or illustrations may have changed .
Connect with Tim Tim is one of our most popular and prolific authors .
Browse all of Tim ’s articles on developerWorks .
Check out Tim ’s profile and connect with him , other authors , and fellow readers in My developerWorks .
When it comes to scale - out computing ( such as cloud computing ) , libvirt may be one of the most important libraries you ’ve never heard of .
Libvirt provides a hypervisor - agnostic API to securely manage guest operating systems running on a host .
Libvirt is n’t a tool per se but an API to build tools to manage guest operating systems .
Libvirt itself is built on the idea of abstraction .
It provides a common API for common functionality that the supported hypervisors implement .
Libvirt was originally designed as a management API for Xen , but it has since been extended to support a number of hypervisors .
Basic architecture
Join the green groups on My developerWorks Discuss topics and share resources about energy , efficiency , and the environment on the GReen IT Report space and the Green computing group on My developerWorks .
Let ’s start our discussion of libvirt with a view of the use model , then dig into its architecture and use .
Libvirt exists as a set of APIs designed to be used by a management application ( see Figure 1 ) .
Libvirt , through a hypervisor - specific mechanism , communicates with each available hypervisor to perform the API requests .
I explore how this is done with QEMU later in the article .
Figure 1 . Comparison and use model of libvirt
Also shown is a comparison of the terminology that libvirt uses .
This terminology is important , as these terms are used in API naming .
The two fundamental differences are that libvirt calls the physical host a node , and the guest operating system is called a domain .
Note here that libvirt ( and its application ) runs in the domain of the host Linux operating system ( domain 0 ) .
Means of control
With libvirt , you have two distinct means of control .
The first is demonstrated in Figure 1 , where the management application and domains exist on the same node .
In this case , the management application works through libvirt to control the local domains .
The other means of control exist when the management application and the domains are on separate nodes .
In this case , remote communication is required ( see Figure 1 ) .
This mode uses a special daemon called libvirtd that runs on remote nodes .
This daemon is started automatically when libvirt is installed on a new node and can automatically determine the local hypervisors and set up drivers for them ( to be discussed shortly ) .
The management application communicates through the local libvirt to the remote libvirtd through a custom protocol .
For QEMU , the protocol ends at the QEMU monitor .
QEMU includes a monitor console that allows you to inspect a running guest operating system as well as control various aspects of the virtual machine ( VM ) .
Figure 2 . Control of remote hypervisors with libvirtd
Hypervisor support
To support extensibility over a wide variety of hypervisors , libvirt implements a driver - based architecture , which allows a common API to service a large number of underlying hypervisors in a common fashion .
This means that certain specialized functionality of some hypervisors is not visible through the API .
Additionally , some hypervisors may not implement all API functions , which are then defined as unsupported within the specific driver .
Figure 3 illustrates the layering of the libvirt API and associated drivers .
Note also here that libvirtd provides the means to access local domains from remote applications .
Figure 3 . Driver - based architecture of libvirt
As of this writing , libvirt implements drivers for the hypervisors listed in Table 1 .
Other drivers will no doubt be available as new hypervisors emerge from the open source communities .
Table 1 .
Hypervisors that libvirt supports
Hypervisor Description Xen Hypervisor for IA - 32 , IA - 64 , and PowerPC 970 architectures QEMU Platform emulator for various architectures Kernel - based Virtual Machine ( KVM ) Linux platform emulator Linux Containers ( LXC ) Linux ( lightweight ) containers for operating system virtualization OpenVZ Operating system - level virtualization based on the Linux kernel VirtualBox Hypervisor for x86 virtualization User Mode Linux Linux platform emulator for various architectures Test Test driver for a fake hypervisor Storage Storage pool drivers ( local disk , network disk , iSCSI volume )
Libvirt and the virtualization shell
Now that I ’ve covered some of the architecture of libvirt , let ’s look at some examples of the use of the libvirt virtualization API .
I start by using an application called virsh ( virtualization shell ) , which is built on top of libvirt .
This shell permits use of much of the libvirt functionality but in an interactive ( shell - based ) fashion .
In this section , I demonstrate some of the aspects of VM manipulation using virsh .
The first step is to define the domain configuration file ( shown in Listing 1 , below ) .
This code specifies all the necessary options for defining a domain — from the hypervisor ( emulator ) to the resources that the domain uses and peripheral configuration ( such as the network ) .
Note that this is a very simple configuration : the actual attributes that libvirt supports are much more diverse .
For example , you can specify a BIOS and host bootloader , resources to be used by the domain , and devices to be used — from floppy disks and CD - ROMs to USB and PCI devices .
The domain configuration file defines some of the basic metadata to be used for this QEMU domain , including the domain name , maximum memory , and initially available memory ( current ) as well as the number of virtual processors to be made available to this domain .
You do n’t assign a Universally Unique Identifier ( UUID ) ; instead , you allow libvirt to assign one .
You define the type of machine to emulate for this platform — in this case , a 686 processor that is fully virtualized ( hvm ) .
You define the location of the emulator ( in case you need to support multiple of the same type ) and the virtual disk for the domain .
Note here that you indicate the VM , which is a ReactOS operating system in Virtual Machine Disk ( VMDK ) format .
Finally , you specify the default networking configuration , and you use Virtual Network Computing ( VNC ) for graphics .
Listing 1 . Domain configuration file
< xml version = " 1.0 " ?> < domain type=' qemu '> < name >ReactOS-on-QEMU<name > < uuid< uuid > < memory > 131072<memory > < currentMemory >131072<currentMemory > < vcpu>1 < vcpu > < os > < type arch='i686 ' machine=' pc'> hvm < type > < os > < devices > < emulator>usr/bin/qemu<emulator > < disk type= ' file ' device= ' disk '> < source file='/home/mtj/libvtest/ReactOS.vmdk'/> < target dev='hda '/> < disk > < interface type= ' network '> < source network= ' default '/> < interface > < graphics type='vnc ' port= '- 1'/> < devices > < domain >
Show more
Show more icon
Now , with the domain configuration file complete , let ’s start a domain with the virsh tool .
The virsh tool takes a command argument for the particular action to be taken .
In the case of starting a new domain , you use the create command and the domain configuration file :
Listing 2 . Starting a new domain
mtj@mtj-desktop:~/libvtest$ virsh create react - qemu.xml Connecting to uri : qemu:///system Domain ReactOS-on-QEMU created from react - qemu.xml mtj@mtj-desktop:~/libvtest$
Show more
Show more icon
Note here the Universal Resource Indicator ( URI ) used to attach to the domain ( qemu:///system ) .
This local URI attaches to the system mode daemon for the local QEMU driver .
To attach to a remote QEMU hypervisor over the Secure Shell ( SSH ) protocol on host shinchan , you could use the URI qemu+ssh://shinchan /.
Next , you can list the active domains on a given host using the list command within virsh .
Doing so lists the active domains , their domain IDs , and their state , as shown below :
Listing 3 . Listing active domains
mtj@mtj-desktop:~/libvtest$ virsh list Connecting to uri : qemu:///system
Id Name State ----------------------------------
1 ReactOS-on-QEMU running mtj@mtj-desktop:~/libvtest$
Show more
Show more icon
Note that the name defined here is the name you defined in your domain configuration file metadata .
You can see that this domain has a domain ID of 1 and is currently running .
You can also suspend a domain with the suspend command .
This command stops the domain from being scheduled , but the domain continues to reside in memory and can be quickly resumed .
The following example illustrates suspending the domain , performing a list to see status , and then restarting the domain :
Listing 4 . Suspending a domain , checking status , and restarting
mtj@mtj-desktop:~/libvtest$ virsh suspend 1 Connecting to uri : qemu:///system Domain 1 suspended mtj@mtj-desktop:~/libvtest$ virsh list Connecting to uri : qemu:///system
Id Name State ----------------------------------
1 ReactOS-on-QEMU paused mtj@mtj-desktop:~/libvtest$ virsh resume 1 Connecting to uri : qemu:///system Domain 1 resumed mtj@mtj-desktop:~/libvtest$
Show more
Show more icon
The virsh utility also supports a number of other commands , such as saving a domain ( save ) , restoring a saved domain ( restore ) , rebooting a domain ( reboot ) , and many others .
You can also create a domain configuration file from a running domain ( dumpxml ) .
So far , you ’ve started and manipulated a domain .
But what about attaching to it so that you can see the domain in action .
You can do this using VNC .
To create a window representing the graphical desktop of the particular domain , you can use VNC as :
Listing 5 . Attaching to a domain
mtj@mtj-desktop:~/libvtest$
xvnc4viewer 127.0.0.1 0 Show more
Show more icon
Libvirt and Python
The previous example illustrated the control of domains using the command - line utility virsh .
Let ’s now look an example of domain control using Python .
Python was the libvirt - supported scripting language and provides a clean , object - oriented interface to the libvirt API .
In this example , I explore some of the same operations that I demonstrated with the virsh utility ( list , suspend , resume , and so on ) .
The Python example script is provided in Listing 6 .
In this example , you begin by importing the libvirt module .
You then connect to the local QEMU hypervisor .
From here , you iterate through the domain IDs that are available ; for each one , you create a domain object , and then suspend , resume , and finally destroy the domain .
Listing 6 . Sample Python script for domain control ( libvtest.py )
import libvirt conn = libvirt.open ( ' qemu:///system ' ) for id in conn.listDomainsID ( ) : dom = conn.lookupByID( id ) print " Dom %s State %s " % ( dom.name ( ) , dom.info ( ) [ 0 ] ) dom.suspend ( ) print " Dom %s State %s ( after suspend ) " % ( dom.name ( ) , dom.info ( ) [ 0 ] ) dom.resume ( ) print " Dom %s State %s ( after resume ) " % ( dom.name ( ) , dom.info ( ) [ 0 ] ) dom.destroy ( )
Show more
Show more icon
Although this is a simple example , you can see the power that libvirt provides through Python .
Through a simple script , you are able to iterate through all of the local QEMU domains , emit some information about the domain , and then control the domain .
The output of this script is shown in Listing 7 .
Listing 7 . Output from the Python script in Listing 6
mtj@mtj-desktop:~/libvtest$ python libvtest.py Dom ReactOS -on-QEMU
State 1 Dom ReactOS - on- QEMU
State 3 ( after suspend ) Dom ReactOS - on- QEMU
State 1 ( after resume ) mtj@mtj-desktop:~/libvtest$
Show more
Show more icon
API overview
At a high level , the libvirt API can be divided into five API sections : the hypervisor connection API , the domain API , the network API , the storage volume API , and finally the storage pool API .
All libvirt communication occurs after a connection is created for a given hypervisor ( for example , as shown with the open call in Listing 6 ) .
The connection provides a path for all other APIs to work through .
In the C API , this behavior is provided through the virConnectOpen call ( as well as others for authentication ) .
The response of these functions is a virConnectPtr object , which represents a connection to a hypervisor .
This object serves as the basis for all other management functionality and is therefore a required argument for subsequent API calls to a given hypervisor .
Important subsequent calls are virConnectGetCapabilities , which returns the capabilities of the hypervisor and driver , and virNodeGetInfo , which retrieves information about the node .
This information is returned as an XML document that can be parsed to understand which behaviors are possible .
Now , having access to a hypervisor , you can iterate through the various resources on that hypervisor with a set of API calls .
The virConnectListDomains API call returns a list of domain identifiers representing the active domains on that hypervisor .
The API implements a large number of functions targeted toward domains .
To explore or manage a domain , you first need a virDomain Ptr object .
You can get this handle in a number of ways ( using either the ID , UUID , or domain name ) .
Continuing with the example of iterating domains , you can use the index list that this function returns and call virDomainLookupByID to get the domain handle .
With the domain handle in hand , you can now perform a large number of operations , from exploring the domain ( virDomainGetUUID , virDomainGetInfo , virDomainGetXMLDesc , virDomainMemoryPeek ) to controlling the domain ( virDomainCreate , virDomainSuspend , virDomainResume , virDomainDestroy , and virDomainMigrate ) .
You can also use the API to manage and inspect virtual networks and storage resources .
Following the model of the API , a virNetworkPtr object is necessary to manage and inspect virtual networks , and a virStoragePoolPtr ( storage pool ) or virStorageVolPtr ( volume ) object is necessary to manage these resources .
The API also supports an event mechanism with which you can register to be notified of particular events ( such as a domain being booted , suspended , resumed , or stopped ) .
Language bindings
The libvirt library was implemented in C ( supporting C++ ) and includes direct support for Python .
But it also supports a number of language bindings .
Bindings have been implemented for Ruby , the Java™ language , Perl , and OCaml .
Work has also been done for calling libvirt from C# .
Libvirt supports the most popular system programming languages ( C and C++ ) , a variety of scripting languages , and even a unified functional language ( Objective caml ) .
So whatever your language focus , libvirt provides a path to control your domains .
Applications using libvirt
From just the small amount of capabilities that I ’ve demonstrated in this article , you can see the power that libvirt provides .
And as you can expect , there are a number of applications that are being successfully built on libvirt .
One of the interesting applications is virsh ( demonstrated here ) , which is a virtualization shell .
There ’s also virt - install , which can be used to provision new domains from operating system distributions .
The utility virt - clone can be used to clone a VM from another VM ( covering both operating system and disk replication ) .
Some of the higher - level applications include virt - manager , which is a general - purpose desktop - management tool , and virt - viewer , which is a lightweight tool for securely attaching to the graphical console of VMs .
One of the most important tools built on libvirt is called oVirt .
The oVirt VM management application was designed to manage a single VM on a single node or thousands of VMs over hundreds of hosts .
In addition to simplifying management of large numbers of hosts and VMs , it can be used to automate clustering and load balancing and works across platforms and architectures .
Going further
As you can see from this short article , libvirt is a great library for building applications that manage domains in many different hypervisor environments over large networks of systems .
Given the growing popularity of cloud computing , libvirt will no doubt grow along with it , finding new applications and users .
As of this writing , libvirt is only just over four years old , so it ’s relatively new in the massively scalable computing space .
More is most certainly to come .
CHICAGO ( MarketWatch ) --
You would like so desperately for our housing woes to end that you want to believe the latest numbers on mortgage delinquencies and foreclosures signal a turnaround in the fortunes of American homeowners .
But the numbers just do n't ring true .
The Mortgage Bankers Association on Friday said the delinquency rate for loans on one - to four - unit properties in the U.S. fell to 9.47 % in the fourth quarter from 9.64 % in the third quarter , a sign the group said that the mortgage crisis is easing .
The percentage of homeowners entering the foreclosure process also fell from the third quarter .
Read more on mortgage foreclosures and delinquencies .
Business secretary concedes prime minister is ' very demanding ' and ' impatient ' but says country needs strong leader
Lord Mandelson today defended Gordon Brown after damaging revelations in today 's Observer that his abuse of his staff got so bad it led to a reprimand from the head of the civil service , but conceded that the prime minister does get furious with those around him .
A new book by the Observer 's political commentator Andrew Rawnsley reveals the cabinet secretary , Sir Gus O'Donnell , launched his own investigation into reports of Brown bullying his staff .
The claims , including an account of how Brown seized his deputy chief of staff by the lapels , have been fiercely denied by Downing Street and the cabinet office .
However , the business secretary conceded there was a " passionate " and " emotional " side to Brown 's character that people did n't see .
" He gets angry but chiefly with himself , " Mandelson said .
" He does n't so much bully people as he is very demanding .
He 's demanding of himself and people around him .
He does not like taking no for an answer . "
Speaking on BBC One 's Andrew Marr show , Mandelson said : " Yes there 's a degree of impatience about the man , but what would you like ?
Some kind of shrinking violet at the helm of the government when we are going through such stormy waters ? "
Mandelson appeared to admit he had been subjected to angry tirades from Brown .
Asked if he had ever been hit by Brown , Mandelson said : " History records that we had our moments , but I would like to think that I took my medicine like a man . "
Extracts of the book , which is being serialised by the Observer , detailing a series of alleged furious outbursts have again raised questions about the prime minister 's character .
William Hague , the shadow foreign secretary , said Rawnsley 's claims were " part of a pattern of allegations about the prime minister 's judgment and behaviour " .
Speaking to Sky News ,
Hague said : " I do n't think he [ Brown ] has ever shown that he can lead a happy team and a successful team and maybe if there 's any truth in these allegations that 's part of the reason why . "
Alan Johnson , the home secretary , said he did n't recognise Rawnsley 's portrayal of the prime minister .
" I have got no knowledge of him effing and blinding at officials , " he told the BBC's Politics Show .
He said he was struck by how " calm and softly spoken " Brown remained in so many " fraught and pressurised situations . "
The book suggests Sir Gus was so concerned at reports he received of Brown 's anger that he investigated before delivering a " pep talk " to the prime minister and a warning to calm down .
A cabinet office spokesman said : " It is categorically not the case that the cabinet secretary asked for an investigation of the prime minister 's treatment of No 10 staff .
These assertions have been put to the cabinet secretary , who has rejected them . "
Mandelson said he believed Sir Gus 's version of events .
But speaking on Sky News , Rawsnley stood by the allegations , which he insisted were " impeccably sourced " .
He said : " I was particularly careful in this area because it 's obviously a very sensitive area to be sure that this was n't gossip or hearsay or tittle - tattle .
The sources were 24 - carat .
Not third - hand or second - hand [ but ] first - hand sources . "
Rawnsley also said he was " bewildered " why Brown choose to deny that he had hit anyone , an allegation that was not in the book .
In an interview with Channel 4 News yesterday , Brown said things were sometimes said " in the heat of the moment " , but added : " I have never hit anyone in my life . "
The prime minister 's official spokesman said : " These malicious allegations are totally without foundation and have never been put to No 10 . "
According to Rawnsley 's book – titled The End of the Party and based on interviews with " hundreds " of ministers and officials – Sir Gus felt the need " to calm down frightened duty clerks , badly - treated phone operators and other bruised staff " and tell them not to " take it personally " .
Brown , the book claims , turfed a typist out of her seat to take over the keyboard , swore at senior aides and " roughly shoved aside " one adviser .
In another incident , the prime minister was said to be so incensed at being given unwelcome news that he thumped the back of a protection officer 's car seat so hard that he flinched , while the aide who delivered the news feared Brown " was about to hit him in the face " .
The revelations emerged hours after Brown unveiled Labour 's election campaign at a rally at the University of Warwick .
They risk undermining recent efforts to portray a softer side of the prime minister , such as his tearful television interview with Piers Morgan .
An invasion of giant squid in Orange County has fishermen and women hitting the waters off Newport Beach , angling for an unusual catch .
The squid , some up to 60 pounds and 4 feet long , were first caught Thursday afternoon , and anglers began making twilight expeditions Friday night to catch the nocturnal sea creatures , which spend daytime close to the ground and rise to the surface at night .
Robert Woodbury , manager at Newport Landing Sportfishing , said anglers who signed up to fish on one of the company ’s evening excursions had caught about 400 squid since Friday night .
The squid , which tend to run in the 20 - to 40 - pound range , are somewhat elusive , tending to follow a food source , such as anchovies , rather than a season .
It ’s unclear when the squid will leave the area , but as long as they stay , fishermen say they will chase them every night .
The anglers come in two main types , Woodbury said :
Those hungry for the relatively pricey delicacy , and the sports angler eager to tangle with a feistier sea creature .
“ Most of the fish we catch are better to eat , but they do n’t give you much of a fight , ” Woodbury said .
These squid , on the other hand , do not stop struggling even after getting hooked and tossed into the boat .
" They ’re trying to crawl around and blow ink all over everybody , ” he said .
The squid make for a messier prize , but that is part of the fun , he said .
“ When they ’re lifted out of the water … they become a giant squirt gun , ” Woodbury said .
“ Chances are you ’re gonna take a faceful or a chestful of water – and probably ink – when you pull them out … everybody laughs . ”
-- Amina Khan
Photo : Fisherman with a giant squid .
Credit : Newport Landing
More breaking news in L.A. Now :
Federal agents find 14 suspected illegal immigrants in Reseda ' drop house '
Son of alleged serial killer is suspected in Melrose Avenue stun - gun attack
Will Angelenos soon be trimming city trees ?
Budget cuts could bring big changes
Photos : Honoring victims of Alaska Airlines crash off Ventura , 10 years later
A highly paid bureaucrat hand - picked by Premier Dalton McGuinty to be his climate - change adviser has quietly left the government following criticism of his salary and the province 's failure to curb greenhouse gas emissions , the Star has learned .
Hugh MacLeod , formerly a senior health ministry official , left his $ 320,695 - a- year job as head of the government 's climate - change secretariat Feb. 5 and starts Tuesday as chief executive of the Canadian Patient Safety Institute in Edmonton .
The move comes just four months after McGuinty defended MacLeod 's role but had difficulty listing any tangible achievements from his almost two years in the post – where his pay , as revealed by the Star , was funnelled through a Toronto hospital to skirt civil service pay guidelines .
Shortly after that revelation , the annual report from Ontario 's environment commissioner in December slammed the government 's climate - change plan for a " lack of vision , " leaving it short of measures needed to meet greenhouse gas reduction targets .
" If the premier ca n't say that he ( MacLeod ) has accomplished anything , then taxpayers have a right to ask where did more than half - a- million dollars go ... over two years , and for what ? " said Progressive Conservative MPP Lisa MacLeod , party accountability critic .
The secretariat MacLeod headed continues to operate , co-ordinating the climate change initiatives of 11 government ministries and provincial agencies , although it is not clear if MacLeod will be replaced .
McGuinty can't afford to be wasting taxpayers ' money while his government is struggling with a record $ 24.7 billion deficit , added MacLeod ( Nepean - Carleton ) , who is no relation to Hugh MacLeod .
Attempts to reach Hugh MacLeod through his new employer were unsuccessful .
The NDP 's environment critic said the problem over the climate change plan , as evidenced by Environment Commissioner Gord Miller 's finding that " much more needs to be done , " lies with McGuinty .
NDP MPP Peter Tabuns ( Toronto - Danforth ) said the Liberals are relying too heavily on their strategy to fight global warming by closing polluting coal - fired electricity generating stations by 2014 .
" The environment commissioner said they had precious little beyond that , so I think the larger problem is in the premier 's office .
Hugh MacLeod is not going to be able to act outside the political envelope the premier gives him , " Tabuns said .
" Very little came out of the efforts for the last few years , frankly ... they still do n't meet the climate targets , " Tabuns added .
Ontario has committed to shrinking greenhouse gas emissions to 6 per cent below 1990 levels by 2014 and 15 per cent by 2020 .
An environment ministry report released late last year found the province has initiatives in place to reach 56 per cent of the 2020 target .
Officials in McGuinty 's office said they are not sure how long MacLeod 's job may remain vacant and they are " sorry to see him go . "
" We thank Hugh for his work , but understand that he chose to pursue a new career option in Alberta , " said Jane Almeida , spokeswoman for McGuinty .
" His departure is relatively recent and decisions on a replacement have n't yet been made . "
That uncertainty is not a good sign , said Tabuns .
" It confirms the climate file is a low priority for these folks . "
MacLeod 's job was to track and co-ordinate more than 100 policies on climate change through various ministries , provide advice on policy development and to sit on a cabinet committee studying the economy .
The premier 's office would not comment directly when asked if MacLeod 's contract entitled him to severance , saying that as a member of the Ontario Public Service his income will be reported on the annual " sunshine list " disclosing public - sector salaries above $ 100,000 .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
McGuinty acknowledged last fall , after a Star story exposing civil service salaries being funnelled through hospitals where the recipients did not work , that it " offends the spirit " of the disclosure legislation to have salaries " buried away . "
He vowed to end the practice .
When asked at the time to point out achievements by MacLeod in his post , McGuinty was vague .
" That 's a very important responsibility .
It 's one that has n't received a lot of attention lately but as somebody once said , ` the economy is a wholly owned subsidiary of the environment ' and we 've been spending a lot of time talking about the economy lately .
But as the economy grows stronger , more and more of our attention , this is the attention of humanity , will focus on the single greatest long - term challenge confronting us , and that is global warming and climate change , " McGuinty said .
Students at John Carroll University took to center court shortly before a basketball game touting posters and rainbow flags in protest of the university ’s refusal to include LGBT students in the non-discrimination policy .
JCU is a small Jesuit university located in University Heights , Ohio , a suburb of Cleveland .
“ We the students , faculty and alumni of John Carroll University choose to voice our support for those the university leaves without protection , ” was stated next to the video of the protest .
Police officers urged picketers to move , as the band played on through “ Hot Stuff . ”
Eventually the basketball teams warmed up around the sit-in , as protesters were removed from the chaotic scene of dumbfounded athletes , administrators , coaches and fans .
“ We expect better of John Carroll University .
We demand better .
We are a gentle , angry people and we are singing , singing for our lives , ” was stated next to the video of the protest .
Watch it all unfold below :
Via Queers United .
Explore the journey of Barbie over past six decades in this new Hulu documentary .
You will get an insider 's look at how Mattel evolved the doll , in step with the modern feminist movement .
Written and directed by Andrea Nevins .
Produced by Cristan Crocker .
The last remaining memories fade away into darkness .
Your mind is a mess and only a feeling of being hunted remains .
You must escape .
Awake ...
Amnesia : The Dark Descent , a first person survival horror .
A game about immersion , discovery and living through a nightmare .
An experience that will chill you to the core .
You stumble through the narrow corridors as the distant cry is heard .
It is getting closer .
Explore ...
Amnesia : The Dark Descent puts you in the shoes of Daniel as he wakes up in a desolate castle , barely remembering anything about his past .
Exploring the eerie pathways , you must also take part of Daniel 's troubled memories .
The horror does not only come from the outside , but from the inside as well .
A disturbing odyssey into the dark corners of the human mind awaits .
A sound of dragging feet ?
Or is your mind playing tricks on you ?
Experience ...
By using a fully physically simulated world , cutting edge 3D graphics and a dynamic sound system , the game pulls no punches when trying to immerse you .
Once the game starts , you will be in control from the beginning to the end .
There are no cut - scenes or time - jumps , whatever happens will happen to you first hand .
Something emerges out of the darkness .
It 's approaching .
Fast .
Survive ...
Amnesia : The Dark Descent throws you headfirst into a dangerous world where danger can lurk behind every corner .
Your only means of defense are hiding , running or using your wits .
Do you have what it takes to survive ?
Sherrod Brown wants reconciliation vote on health care
Ohio Senator Sherrod Brown was one of four signatories to a letter sent to Harry Reid calling for Senate Democrats to use reconciliation to push through a public option health care reform bill .
For those unfamiliar , reconciliation is a parliamentary procedure that requires only 51 votes for passage of strictly budgetary items .
It has been termed the “ nuclear option ” for Democrats who run the increasing risk of angering voters that want a more bipartisan solution to health care than the one - party horse - trading we ’ve witnessed the last few months .
The thinking of Brown and his pals is that the public option will save so much money and is so popular in polls that Democrats simply must use every tool at their disposal to ram it through .
The potential savings of the public option vary widely depending on which budget office you ask , and a massive expansion of federal bureaucracy simply is n’t going to save us money in the long run , particularly if it serves as a precursor to a single payer system .
As for the public option ’s popularity , are there any polls within the last month that show how popular it remains ?
True , it was polling pretty well initially , but I bet that ’s due to a lot of voters that like the general idea of a public option but would be turned off to see how it would be enacted in practice .
And the former Senate parliamentarian , Robert Dove , points out that reconciliation would n’t be a good procedure for dealing with health care reform anyway .
He says it ’s not designed for massive policy making like this , and it seems to me that to use it would be an admission that Democrats ca n’t get support for their plan and would simply use raw political power to muscle it through , the will of the voters be damned .
This letter should dispel any remaining notion that Sherrod Brown is some kind of common sense moderate .
Indeed , it ’s further proof that he ’s an ideologically driven progressive / liberal , whichever moniker you want to use .
There ’s nothing intrinsically wrong with that , except that Brown does n’t represent Vermont or Oregon , he represents the center - right state of Ohio .
Brown is n’t up for re-election until 2012 , but the GOP would be wise to keep this episode in mind during their bid against him four years from now .
It ’s clear that when the country wants to start over on health care and wants Congress to tack more to the center , Brown wants to force the debate to the hard left .
He ’s evidently more concerned with fulfilling a liberal wish list than he is with enacting moderate and common sense solutions that do n’t have narrow support .
That ’s not what the country needs now , and frankly , that ’s not what Ohio needs in particular .
Brown has another four years left in his term , but it ’s doubtful that he ’ll use them to act on behalf of the moderate and conservative Ohioans he was elected to represent along with the progressive Buckeyes to which he is quite clearly and exclusively listening .
: : :: :: :: :: :: :: :: ::
( CNN ) -- Costa Rica 's first female candidate held a two - to - one lead in the country 's presidential election , as the second - place candidate , Otton Solis of the Citizen 's Action Party , conceded defeat .
If the PLN -- the Spanish acronym for the ruling National Liberation Party party -- wins , Laura Chinchilla would become the nation 's first female president .
Polls showed Chinchilla garnering 47.3 percent of the vote , with 24.9 percent of election sites reporting .
Solis had 23.3 percent , while Otto Guevara of the Libertarian Movement had 21.9 percent .
Before noon Sunday , all three leading candidates had cast their votes in events broadcast live by local media .
If none of the candidates gain 40 percent of the vote , a runoff election will be used to select the next president .
In addition to president , Costa Ricans also cast ballots Sunday for two vice presidents , 53 congressmen and 495 councilmen .
Video footage showed flag - waving supporters of the main presidential candidates dressed in their respective campaign colors throughout the country .
International observers interviewed on CNN affiliate Teletica compared the election scene to a festival .
The festivities included election sites where children could vote in a mock presidential vote .
The educational outreach let the children pick their candidate on a digital ballot not unlike the ones the rest of the electorate cast their votes with .
Some 2.8 million Costa Ricans are eligible to vote .
The legacy of outgoing President Oscar Arias -- a Nobel laureate who leaves office a popular , if polarizing leader -- has in many ways shaped the presidential race .
Although he has given Costa Rica a larger role in foreign affairs through his involvement in seeking resolution to the political crisis in Honduras , but his style has rubbed some the wrong way .
After casting his vote Sunday , Arias called the electoral process transparent and trustworthy .
" I would like to thank the Costa Rican people for filling the streets with color , " he said .
CNN 's Roberto Pazos contributed to this report .
FeriAtsWe all appreciate the great things Arsene Wenger achieved and with so little money .
Arsenal 's football under him is a great spectacle , you would enjoy watching them even if you are not a fan , almost like a poor man 's Barcelona .
All great things aside , Wenger seems to have this stubbornnes about his tactics which has been costing Arsenal dearly for the last couple of years .
Tactics , by definition , are bound change according to opponent , staff available , weather conditions etc etc .
In Wenger 's world they never change ...
What would have Arsenal lost , if they had a more defensive 4 - 3 - 1 - 2 against Manchester United and Chelsea ?
For a second let 's accept that it is really a matter of principle and Wenger wants to play his 4 - 3 - 3 at every game , but could n't he see after the first half an hour that it is not working ?
With Arshavin leading the attack and Nasri the tallest what is the point of bombing opponent 's box with high crosses ?
Dribblings , shots and give and goes are all available but no , the right back should come and put the ball into the box high .
Even after Bendtner comes on , he meets the ball mre in the flanks than between opponent 's central defenders .
I am sure Wenger has seen some Spurs games , does n't Crouch - Defoe partnership offer any inspiration ?
Bendtner and Walcott can pull something similar .
Song is a star this year and Denilson impressed too but they are still far from holding the midfield when they are out numbered and outmouscled .
Why not add a leg breaker with some physical presence and stop the gap that leaks onto the defense ?
I do not have much to say about the defensive line .
Maybe Clichy can be replaced by Silvestre to add some more thoughness , but overall they really do n't deserve the stick .
Goalkeeping situation is the worst of all , hence the last .
A decent keeper could mean an extra 10 point a season and Wenger has been showing a fine example of false economy by not buying a decent one .
Not only that , his first choice keeper is not even the best keeper in his squad .
Both Fabianski and Mannone are far more talented than Almunia .
Every minute these guys play will make them a better keepers , they are young and have lots of room for improvement .
Every minute Almunia plays will take him closer to his retirement and his game did not improve in all these games .
I am not going to take it as far as Winterburn and open Wenger 's position to discussion .
I am just saying that a bit of flexibilty with the game plan could have gone a long way .
Thoughts ?
08.02.2010
Stop the presses !
The New Yorker , our sister publication and a magazine so staid that yes , in fact , it does insist on capping the second " o " in " cooperate " with a diaeresis , is mixing it up in the blogosphere — and over Twitter , no less !
One wonders how far we are from the day on which The New Yorker ditches its famous cartoons for images of cute kittens captioned with the word " Lulz . "
Once you 've recovered from the shock of witnessing the Twit - slapping taking place among New York 's media elite , however , it 's worth considering an important question raised by The New Yorker 's George Packer :
Webheads may read more overall , but are we reading fewer books ?
And is that a bad thing ?
This fairly polite brouhaha started when Packer took to the Web to complain that " I can hardly escape the demands of the throbbing networked intelligence , the nonstop nagging of the wired collective voice . "
The latest set of shouts from this collective voice is Twitter , and Packer does n't want anything to do with it .
" The truth is , I feel like yelling Stop quite a bit these days .
Every time I hear about Twitter I want to yell Stop .
The notion of sending and getting brief updates to and from dozens or thousands of people every few minutes is an image from information hell .
I ’m told that Twitter is a river into which I can dip my cup whenever I want .
But that supposes we ’re all kneeling on the banks .
In fact , if you ’re at all like me , you ’re trying to keep your footing out in midstream , with the water level always dangerously close to your nostrils .
Twitter sounds less like sipping than drowning . "
What is Packer drowning in ?
It 's information , of a sort , but it seems to be more about stimuli .
Constant bombardment keeps the brain from focused work ; an obsession with blogs and tweets , though not on its own problematic , quickly crowds out limited time for other forms of thought and reading .
From a few blocks away , Bits blogger Nick Bilton used his outpost at The New York Times to take on Packer , calling him out as the sort of man who might well have opposed train travel more than a century ago .
" Ironically , Mr. Packer notes how much he treasures his Amtrak rides in the quiet car of the train , with his laptop closed and cellphone turned off , " writes Bilton .
" As I ’ve found in previous research , when trains were a new technology 150 years ago , some journalists and intellectuals worried about the destruction that the railroads would bring to society .
One news article at the time warned that trains would ' blight crops with their smoke , terrorize livestock ... and people could asphyxiate ' if they traveled on them . "
( As someone who has actually ridden Amtrak coaches overnight all the way across the country , I would like to chime in at this point to say that one can indeed come quite close to asphyxiation when breathing the early morning fug cast up by a hundred sleeping bodies wedged , with various degrees of discomfort , on the reclining blue seats .
Those old Victorian doubters were on to something . )
This led , as such things do in the blogosphere , to a response from Packer in which Bilton is roundly mocked for such things as specializing in " futurism . "
More importantly , it led to this passage :
Just about everyone I know complains about the same thing when they ’re being honest — including , maybe especially , people whose business is reading and writing .
They mourn the loss of books and the loss of time for books .
It ’s no less true of me , which is why I ’m trying to place a few limits on the flood of information that I allow into my head .
The other day I had to reshelve two dozen books that my son had wantonly pulled down , most of them volumes from college days .
I thumbed idly through a few urgently underlined pages of Kierkegaard ’s ' Concluding Unscientific Postscript , ' a book that electrified me during my junior year , and began to experience something like the sensation middle - aged men have at the start of softball season , when they try sprinting to first base after a winter off .
What a ridiculous effort it took !
There ’s no way for readers to be online , surfing , e-mailing , posting , tweeting , reading tweets , and soon enough doing the thing that will come after Twitter , without paying a high price in available time , attention span , reading comprehension , and experience of the immediately surrounding world .
The Internet and the devices it ’s spawned are systematically changing our intellectual activities with breathtaking speed , and more profoundly than over the past seven centuries combined .
It should n’t be an act of heresy to ask about the trade - offs that come with this revolution .
In fact , I ’d think asking such questions would be an important part of the job of a media critic , or a lead Bits blogger .
This struck me most because I 've been feeling the same sense of loss over the past few months and pondering ways to respond .
One response : university studies are " rarefied air " for those who love books , and complaining later in life that one does n't have the same amount of time for reading is simply a function of Real Life , Adult Responsibilities , and Having a Family .
For instance , while in graduate school studying literature , I at one point decided to track my reading .
From January 1 through May 15 , 2000 , I recorded 12,907 pages of books read — everything from Barry Unsworth 's Morality Play to Tom Stoppard 's The Real Thing to 750 unbelievably dull pages on The Civilization of Europe in the Renaissance .
That comes out , almost incredibly as I reflect back on it , to 2,868 pages per month , or a complete book every 2.2 days .
In contrast , this January I muddled through a pair of books .
Part of me says that this , while regrettable , is a simple function of putting food on the table , having a job in which reading is essential but " books " are too often out of date , and spending time with two small children .
In other words , it is the reality for everyone but the rare few whose working lives revolve around books .
This is comforting ( " it 's not my fault ! " ) but hardly a complete picture .
The reality is that in grad school I had only a dial - up Internet account , no DVD player , no streaming movies from Netflix , no DVR , and in fact no TV .
I had no game consoles .
I took no magazine subscriptions .
I followed no blogs .
I had no iPhone .
Twitter did not exist .
At the end of day , my brain had not spent eight hours being lit like a neon sign , constant stimulus piled upon stimulus so thickly that even to calm the mind and enter a state in which prolonged reading is possible some days feels difficult .
This is the heart of Packer 's complaint about the effect of technology on " available time , attention span , reading comprehension , and experience of the immediately surrounding world . "
Certainly , these advances in entertainment and communications produce tremendous good , but for those of us with limited time , they carry a real cost .
Drowning in choice and bombarded with a sense of urgency ( " But my favorite blog / e - mail account / DVR may have something new !
I must check it ! " ) , it 's just easier to skim and jump our way across short bits of connected content than to make a sustained act of will and attention .
In this way , our brains become mirrors of the Web , tuned to link and skim and synthesize and respond .
But are we losing the very ability to concentrate ?
Some argue that we are .
Whatever happens inside the brain , my concern right now is simply to get more facetime with the printed page .
Neal Stephenson 's 960 - page Anathem , given to me by Managing Editor Eric Bangeman , seems a pretty good way to measure the depth of my own attention span — the opening pages are dense , even dull .
But technology can't always be bad , even for book reading ; every Ars staffer with a Kindle now says that they read far more than they used to .
And it was Packer 's own blog posts that inspired these reflections on the importance and pleasure of lengthy reading .
The Federal Reserve 's balance just hit another record high , at $ 2.29 trillion , jumping by a whopping $ 54 billion sequentially ( the biggest weekly increase since mid-November ) .
Securities held outright : $ 1,967 billion ( an increase of $ 60.9 billion MoM , resulting from $ 56 billion increase in MBS and $ 5 nillion in Agency Debt ) , or a huge $ 53.6 billion increase sequentially .
The fed is now 95 % complete with its purchases of MBS , and 96 % complete with purchases of Agencies .
The Fed has completed $ 167.2 billion of its $ 175 billion agency debt purchase program through February 17 .
The Fed 's MBS total is now $ 1.188 trillion , and by the end of the first quarter of 2010 , the Fed will have purchased $ 1.25 trillion .
The Fed has completed $ 167.2 billion of its $ 175 billion agency debt purchase program through February 17 .
The Fed 's MBS total is now $ 1.188 trillion , and by the end of the first quarter of 2010 , the Fed will have purchased $ 1.25 trillion .
Net borrowings : $ 127 billion .
The monetary base increased by $ 50 billion in the past fortnight to $ 2.06 trillion .
The ratio of total assets to Monetary Base remained constant at 1.08 x , elevated from the historical ratio of 1.00 x .
Float , liquidity swaps , Maiden Lane and other assets : $ 194 billion .
The CPFF program was at $ 7.7 billion .
FX liquidity swaps are now non-existent .
Maiden Lane I and Maiden Lane II somehow increased and were $ 27.2 and $ 15.5 billion , while Maiden Lane III as always continues pretending it has value and came at $ 22.4 billion .
Custody foreign securities holdings increased by $ 2.8 billion to $ 2,959 billion .
The amount in excess reserves with FR Banks has once again reached a record high of $ 1.14 trillion .
The ratio of currency in circulation ( $ 922 billion ) to MBS and Agency holdings has hit a new low , as ever more MBS securities back the full lack of faith and credit in the FRNs .
Some details about the least discussed pseudo budget obligation : the GSEs , from the Atlanta Fed .
The 30 - year fixed rate averaged 4.97 % , down from 5.01 % a week ago ; the 15 - year fixed rate averaged 4.34 % , down from 4.40 % a week ago .
At this time last year , the 30 - year fixed rate averaged 5.16 % ; the 15 - year fixed rate averaged 4.81 % .
In the chart below observe the rate on 30 and 15 Year fixed Freddie loans : the 30 year , which was between 6 and 6.5 % just before the advent of QE , has since ground 150 bps tighter .
We are certain that this number will blow out as much if not more once the Fed is out of the housing market yet again .
The mortgage application volume has also subsided , meaning that if anyone was going to refi due to the lower rates , they already have .
At this pointkeep rates where they are is overkill from a new / refi application point of view .
He 's strung up and ready to bungee jump and just as he leaps off the ledge .
He must has shit his pants for sure !
THEY live 300 m below sea level , consume their own body mass in food each day and for the first 120 days of life only feast on live prey .
But despite these obvious challenges , Kiwi scientist Steve O'Shea will attempt to keep a giant squid alive in captivity and break his own world record .
An earlier attempt in 2000 saw the squid specialist reach the 150 - day mark .
" The broad squid is very difficult to rear in captivity due to its 3 mm size on hatching and the complex changes in diet over the first 60 days in life , " Dr O'Shea said .
" But it brings me one step closer to the end game - growing a giant . "
Dr O'Shea collected the squid eggs from seaweed in the Hauraki Gulf , near Auckland , and was rearing them in a tank at Auckland University of Technology .
" The end game is to improve our understanding of these deep - sea creatures and how to keep them alive in captivity so that we can experience some of the more exotic , bizarre and fantastic squid that frequent our waters , " Dr O'Shea said .
A SQUIDCAM will be set up to allow people around the world to track his record - breaking attempt online .
Please Note :
This website makes use of javascript to optimize your browsing experience .
Unfortunately , your browser appears to have javascript disabled – please enable it ensure your visit is optimal .
If you prefer to continue with the settings you ’re using , please be aware that all site functionality may not be available .
I recently visited the port site in Zeebrugge , Belgium , where the foundations for the Belwind offshore wind farm ( the financing of which I worked on ) were stored before their installation .
This is a good opportunity to give you a glimpse of the kind of logistics involved , and what kind of problems can happen ( and how they are solved ) , on offshore wind installations .
Recent statistics have been published showing that Europe has now installed over 2,000MW of offshore wind capacity , with more than a quarter installed in the past year , and lots more to come in the next few years .
I discussed these numbers in more detail here , but wanted to give you here some insights on what these numbers mean on the ground .
As a quick reminder , there are 3 main types of foundations for offshore turbines : monopiles , gravity - based , and jackets / tripods .
Here are gravity - based foundations and tripods ( you can see more pictures here :
The unexpected weight of hope )
Monopiles have typically been used for smaller turbines and lowers depths , as their size ( diameter and thickness ) needs to increase with the load to be carried and their cost can become an issue .
The price of steel will heavily influence the choice between the technologies when several are possible .
In this case , with 3MW turbines in 20 m depth , monopiles were the most logical choice .
Foundations include two main parts , the foundation itself ( the part that 's driven into the subsoil ) and the transition piece ( the part that 's affixed on top of the foundation and carries the turbine tower ) .
two foundations on the ground
with several transition pieces in the background
The transition piece usually includes the boat landing , access platform and j - tubes ( the steel tube that protects the electrical cable going to other turbines and / or the transformer station , it is curved near the ground to allow the cable to go from its underground trench to the turbine , thus its name ) .
On the left , you can see the bottom part of the j - tube ,
while the right picture has the more complex set of j - tubes for the transformer station ,
which has several cables going to several " strings " of turbines .
Note the anti-corrosion protection on the j - tubes .
It also plays a vital role in that it corrects any flaws in the verticality of the foundation : turbines require the towers to be within one half degree of perfect verticality in order not to have to bear inappropriate loads , and it is not so easy to hammer 50 m long steel columns in the sea ground to such precision ; the transition piece is designed to be adjusted to provide the perfect position required for the turbine over the water .
Another aspect which requires a lot of precision is the roundness of the foundation and the transition piece .
The two of them must fit together ( more on this in a second ) , and the transition piece needs to be in the exact size for the first part of the turbine tower to be bolted on top of it - tolerances are below a centimeter ( the bolts are big ones - a couple centimeters thick , but they need to fit in over the whole diameter of the two parts ... ) for equipment measured in tens of meters .
The foundations here have a smaller diameter in their top part , in order for the transition piece to be lowered on top of them and around them .
The two parts are then grouted together ( a special concrete is injected between the two pieces , this is done on site , naturally , and under water ) .
the narrower top part of the foundation is quite visible on this picture .
Note the steel tubes alongside the transition piece in the foreground ;
the j - tubes will be attached to these alongside the foundation part under water .
Some offshore windfarms use a different connection between foundation and transition piece , with the trnasition piece snuggling inside the foundation .
One European windfarm has quality issues on the grouting in that configuration , and there are worries that the turbines could slip lower into the foundations ( which is not that important ) and lose their horizontality ( which is a big problem ... ) .
with the design here this is less of an issue as the wider diameter below acts as a stop should the grouting fail .
" Ovality " is also an issue for foundations as the transition pieces need to fit on top of them , and it needs to be checked carefully .
oops - ovality
As you can see , the above foundation has a serious problem : it 's really not round .
In that case , it is not a manufacturing problem : that foundation sank during the transport to site and hit the seabed ...
The project company , together with the insurance companies , is investigating the best way to deal with this problem : replace it completely , try to improve its roundness by squeezing it back into shape ( the giant steel " pinch " for that was being prepared on site when we visited ) or , quite possibly , use it as it is ( by luck , it is the bottom part which was damaged , ie the part that goes in the sand , so ovality is less of an issue there as long as the vertical penetration in the soil can still be controlled ) .
The reason the foundation sank is that it was transported to site by floating it - plugs were installed on each end and the foundation could simply be pulled on the water .
the two plugs used to float a foundation ,
installed on the next one about to go to site .
One of these is filled with foam , as it needs to be taken off underwater ,
when the foundation has been raised vertically ,
and the foam makes it float back to the surface to be recovered .
But the design of a plug was found ( after a number of trips ) to be slightly faulty and water seeped in , leading to the incident .
The foundation was recovered , and the design flaw was identified and has now been corrected .
Transport of the foundations to the site was of course interrupted during the investigation , but by luck the weather was poor at that time so no work could have been done in that period ...
The pictures above show the new improved plug system , which includes a more comprehensive set of sensors to warn of any risk of infiltrations ...
This is a fairly typical offshore construction incident , in that it was unexpected , hitting a system that had worked fine previously and had not altogether minor consequences .
It was a technical problem , to which a technical solution could be found reasonably easily .
It had an impact on the schedule , which could be absorbed by the buffers put in place ( and indeed in this case did not require more buffers than were required because of bad weather anyway ) .
In terms of financial impact for the project , it will be fairly minor as this can be largely minimized by repairs or covered by insurance .
It goes to confirm that the goal cannot be to expect a flawless project , but to have teams which are able to deal with problems as they appear , because they _inevitably_ will appear at some point , and to have a budget and scheduled which include contingencies and are able to withstand such incidents .
Resiliency is the key word here ...
this is the special piece of equipment used to " grab " foundations
and bring them from their horizontal transport position to the vertical on site .
It was temporarily on site for some repairs / maintenance .
The project is expected to finish installing the foundations and transition pieces in the short future , and move on to the installation of the turbines .
These are going to be soon delivered to a harbour site nearby ( so , no pictures this time ) , with completion in the course of this year .
The turbines will be erected on their towers on the site inland , and transported as a whole to the site - the erection is expected to attract quite a bit of attention in the area as it will be highly visible .
Editorial Note :
This post was originally published on TOD : Europe on 24 January with a slightly different title .
Gordon Brown 's abusive behaviour and volcanic eruptions of foul temper left Downing Street staff so frightened that he received an unprecedented reprimand from the head of the civil service , an explosive new book by the Observer 's Andrew Rawnsley reveals today .
Sir Gus O'Donnell , the cabinet secretary , became so alarmed by the prime minister 's behaviour that he launched his own investigations when he received reports of Brown 's bullying of staff .
O'Donnell then gave the prime minister a stern " pep talk " and ordered him to change his behaviour .
" This is no way to get things done , " he told Brown .
The revelation that the prime minister 's behaviour was so extreme that it triggered a warning from Whitehall 's most powerful official will shock the political world and is bound to lead to claims from his opponents that he is not fit for another five years in office as a general election draws near .
Rawnsley 's book also reveals that after the debacle of the cancelled election in 2007 an increasingly unpopular Brown became more and more paranoid .
When briefed that November about the loss of confidential data discs , containing the personal details of more than 20 million people , he leapt across the room and grabbed Gavin Kelly , his deputy chief of staff , by the lapels of his jacket .
Brown snarled into Kelly 's face : " They 're out to get me ! "
These incidents , and others , are revealed in the vivid and extraordinary account by Rawnsley of how Brown treated employees at all levels – from top aides to duty clerks and secretaries .
He paints a picture of an often lonely and desperate figure who took out his frustrations on those around him as he struggled to cope with the pressures of running the country in his early months in No 10 .
According to Rawnsley , O'Donnell was so disturbed by the effect on those in Downing Street that he took it upon himself to try " to calm down frightened duty clerks , badly treated phone operators and other bruised staff by telling them , ' Do n't take it personally ' " .
During one rage , while in his official car , Brown clenched his fist in fury after being told some unwelcome news and then thumped the back of the passenger seat with such force that a protection officer sitting in the front flinched with shock .
The aide sitting next to Brown , who had just told him the information that provoked the outburst , cowered because he feared " that the prime minister was about to hit him in the face " .
Rawnsley writes that " the cream upholstery of the seat - back in front of Brown was flecked with black marks .
When having a meltdown the prime minister would habitually stab it with his black marker pen . "
Rawnsley 's book , The End of the Party , charts Labour 's second and third terms in power and is based on hundreds of interviews with witnesses to the key events in the government 's life , including cabinet ministers , No 10 officials and senior civil servants .
Rawnsley reveals that another victim of the prime minister 's wrath was Bob Shrum , a respected American political consultant and speechwriter , who had worked for Brown for years .
When Brown was accused of plagiarising phrases used by Al Gore and Bill Clinton in his 2007 conference speech , the prime minister screamed at a shaking Shrum : " How could you do this to me , Bob ?
How could you fucking do this to me ? "
A senior adviser on foreign affairs , Stewart Wood , found himself on the end of a similarly shocking volley of verbal abuse when he attempted to brief the prime minister about a Downing Street reception for European ambassadors .
" Why have I got to meet these fucking people ? " he yelled at Wood .
" Why are you making me meet these fucking people ? "
Brown then roughly shoved aside the stunned adviser .
Rawnsley also recounts how an angrily impatient Brown became so furious with a No 10 typist that he turfed her out of her seat and took over the keyboard .
However , the book does show the softer side of the prime minister , recounting how he is capable of being incredibly solicitous towards colleagues at times of family emergency and bereavement .
The book , serialised in the Observer today and next Sunday , contains the most detailed and authoritative account of Labour 's decline into infighting and bitterness under Brown .
It also exposes the extent of the tense , mistrustful and often acrimonious relationship between Brown and his chancellor , Alistair Darling , which at times has come close to breaking point .
After Darling had issued a warning , in an interview in 2008 , that the economic crisis would be the worst for 60 years , Brown flew into a rage – believing such pessimism would be politically damaging – and told the chancellor in a furious telephone call that the financial turmoil " will be over in six months " .
In fact , the country was entering a recession that would last 18 months and the chancellor was later entirely vindicated .
Rawnsley tells how by the summer of 2008 , when memories of his initial honeymoon as prime minister had long faded , those closest to Brown saw him gripped by dark despair .
" That summer Brown descended into a terrible place , politically , psychologically and physically , " he writes .
A senior politician , who saw the prime minister shortly before parliament broke for the summer holidays , said : " He looked absolutely terrible .
The shoulders were hunched .
The flesh was literally dripping off his face .
I wanted to give him a hug . "
His wife Sarah told friends she was very worried about her husband .
" I used to believe Gordon when he said he was n't a workaholic , " Sarah Brown told one friend over lunch .
" I do n't now . "
Last night an official spokesman for the prime minister refuted the claims made in Rawnsley 's book : " These malicious allegations are totally without foundation . "
Earlier Brown had admitted he was " not perfect " , but urged voters to take a " second look " at Labour in a speech designed to appeal to former supporters who might have deserted the party .
He told a rally at Warwick University , in Coventry , that David Cameron 's policies were the " same old Conservative economics of the 1980s " , and claimed Labour was the party of change .
He also revealed the party would fight the election under the slogan " a future fair for all " .
In his speech , Brown praised his colleagues in the cabinet , including Darling , Harriet Harman and Peter Mandelson .
A YouGov poll published today by the Sunday Times , meanwhile , reveals that the gap between Labour and the Conservatives has shrunk to just six points – the closest position in more than a year .
I learned last Friday that Iain Burgess , friend , colleague and giant of rock record production passed away following a battle with cancer .
Founder and proprietor of France ’s Black Box Studios and staff engineer at Chicago Recording Company , Iain was a central fixture in Chicago and midwest punk rock .
His work in the 1980s on hugely influential records by Naked Raygun , Big Black , The Effigies , Rifle Sport , Didjits , Poster Children , Ministry , Rapeman , Breaking Circus , Tar , Defoliants , and Bhopal Stiffs was only one decade ’s worth of trademark huge - sounding , high - impact vinyl .
He followed that up with stints around the world behind the board for Jawbox , Mega City Four , Les Thugs , 18th Dye , Cows , Pegboy , Poison Idea , Shellac and many others .
The way Iain lived and the way he heard music were both huge .
A bon vivant extraordinaire , his generosity and enthusiasm for the Chicago punk rock community of bands was legendary and instrumental in a scene willingly disconnected from national industry support .
To this day , his profile is lower than it should be , even as much of his work has deeply influenced the course of rock music .
A search today for his name on Pitchfork comes up criminally blank .
A tutor and major influence on Chicago engineer Steve Albini , himself well - known for capturing towering drum and guitar sounds , the familiar Burgess imprint on a mix was that of an impact crater .
Capturing every calorie of power in the drum performance was his signature during a decade where the mainstream production techniques trended toward the opposite – fussy taming and gating of drums .
Every drummer who played like they meant it wanted to work with him , and the feeling was mutual .
In his mixes , aggressive and ingenious use of aural space followed , as guitars and bass amps were close and far miked , filling in the giant area , cashing the checks written by the titanic drums .
To Iain , loud was natural and noise was beautiful .
I first worked with him in 1987 .
WNUR radio had invited my band , The Defoliants , to contribute a track for their Hog Butcher To The World compilation , which Iain engineered .
The experience was so positive , we asked him to remix a 7 ″ EP we had recorded that year , and signed up to record our first LP , Grrr with him .
How he got such a huge sound out of a trio with a drummer playing essentially a jazz kit , I still ca n’t figure out .
Here ’s a demonstration of Burgessness from that LP : Jack The Ripper , our cover of the Raybeats cover of the Link Wray song .
The Defoliants – Jack The Ripper
( If you appreciate a 128k MP3 file , now imagine it coming off of vinyl played on speakers the size of dinner plates ) .
In 1989 , years after the Chicago punk scene as documented in the film You Were n’t There had faded away , Iain was still in Chicago working with young bands like my own .
In our case , he was doing more than working , he was evangelizing .
He got a record label in Berlin to do what no label in the states would : release our LP .
For good measure , he came along on our tour of Europe in December 1989 to do house sound .
What , did n’t everybody have a genius / patron saint / ally like that ?
That year , I thought I ’d try and return the favor somehow .
My friends in DeKalb , Greg Dunlap and Dan Grzeca had been publishing a cool zine in the late 80s called THIS .
21 years ago , when I was 21 years old , I interviewed Iain Burgess for THIS Magazine .
Thanks to the scanning help from Greg , here is that interview .
Enjoy .
Accident Prone
A chat with lain Burgess for THIS by Rob Warmowski
I do n’t care how many fey East Coast music writers will line up to bleat otherwise , fact is , the most powerful and intense American records of the eighties came from Chicago and the Midwest .
Many of these records were produced and engineered by this infectiously jolly native of Weymouth , England who has called the 312 area code his home for fifteen years .
It is difficult to imagine what those records would sound like had they not been attended by lain Burgess during their birth in the studio .
Among people who pay attention , the mere mention of the name conjures up sonic images of the most concentrated , appropriate and well - crafted orders ; he makes everything but the music .
I got him to tell how .
Sort of .
THIS : Rob Warmowski , intrepid interviewer .
IAIN : lain Burgess , future citizen of West Berlin .
M : Muttley , World ’s Dumbest Dog .
THIS : I suppose the first thing we ought to address here is the fact that THIS readers , for the most part , pay close attention to records while not all of them know what a producer does .
How would you put it ?
IAIN : I think it varies from person to person .
There are a lot of people that are hired basically to arrange songs , rehearse the band and that sort of thing .
I work a little differently than that , in that getting involved with rehearsal is useful , and seeing the band live is useful , but mine is more of an interface role between the machinery and the band … trying to get what the band ’s concept of what they should sound like and how the song should come across on tape and then back the other way …
And sort of being and extra voting member of the band , for the period of the recordings .
In general , unless the producer is hired to do the other sort of production , I sort of like split it in half .
Where one way , you ’re more hired to be the big cheese , and in the other way , you ’re working with people where everyone ’s opinion is equally weighted .
THIS : Have you ever been hired in the big cheese capacity ?
IAIN : Yeah , more in Europe than here .
In Europe I do n’t actually engineer anymore .
Like with Mega City Four and Les Thugs and some of the other stuff I ’ve done for Vinyl Solution ( London label . )
I mix it , but I have n’t actually been the recording engineer for the project
THIS : Why do you think that is ?
IAIN : They ’ve got a different concept of what it is producers do .
It does work the same way here , but I would say that ’s more of a major label way of doing things … hire a guy who comes and sits in a chair .
I do n’t notice it much here .
THIS : Do you see the European approach as a part of the fact that there is less of a division between “ independent ” and “ major ” market music over there ?
IAIN : Yeah , I think so .
I do n’t know if I ’m right about making that distinction , but it feels that way to me .
Maybe it ’s just in the states , I ’ve always engineered everything .
And in Europe , when they book and hire me , there ’s always a house engineer .
THIS :
You get paid and so does he , so it would seem that the budgets for each independent project on the average must be higher there .
IAIN : Also , it ’s up to me whether I use him or not I ’m still not really comfortable with the “ Sitting in the other chair ” role after 20 years behind the console .
It ’s a little difficult .
keeping your hands off stuff and not look over the other guy ’s shoulder , like wondering ( slips into Edward G. Robinson impression )
“ Yeah , where ’ s the EQ on that bass drum ? ”
That ’s a little strange for me .
THIS : You ’re receiving a lot of acclaim in Europe for your work with Mega City Four , Les Thugs , Bolt Thrower , etc. , and you ’re going to be moving to Berlin before ’ 90 is up .
As a result , you ’re going to be leaving Chicago to a lot of hacks , leaving behind a void as the default producer for the best bands in the tri-state area over the past six or seven years .
What are the motivations behind your move ?
Simple economic reality ?
IAIN : It ’s not a matter of economics , it ’s more mental than anything else .
Like you say , having been here a long time , doing basically the same thing , working with different bands every week of every month is what makes it interesting .
It ’s partly a result of having been born in Europe and always having felt that it ’s home as well as Chicago .
Having spent eight months of this year working here , it ’s driven home that it ’s actually possible for me to have a choice of moving back to Europe and working for a while .
For the first time in my career I have the opportunity to do that and actually survive .
Whereas before I do n’t think I could have … it ’s honestly hard to pass up .
It ’s not like I ’m completely and utterly bored living here or anything , it ’s just that anytime you ’ve been doing the same sort of thing this much but continue producing and engineering , it ’s hard to say no .
It ’s a good mental challenge , and it ’s a good time of life to do something like this .
THIS : Before ’ 85 , before Throb Throb and the Big Black work , did you solicit projects yourself or did you find the bands coming to you more often ?
IAIN : I suppose I probably solicited a bit more , bit I can’t actually remember doing the hard sell thing to a band .
THIS : Well , you may have never done a hard sell but .. ..
IAIN : A lot of it came across by accident .
Accidental meetings with people , meeting people from bands at clubs when another band is playing , that ’s where a shitload of my contacts came from .
THIS : Do you get impacted by live shows easily ?
IAIN : ( laughs ) Less and less I think .
I think just because I ’ve been to so many .
I dunno if it ’s just being jaded , or if it ’s familiarity or what it is …
THIS :
The best of your work has been , arguably , with bands that take a “ midwestern underground ” approach .
Not that I see a big banner for those bands …
IAIN : I do n’t use any labels …every band is individual .
THIS : Yeah , but there are certain threads which connect a Big Black with a Breaking Circus with a Naked Raygun etc .
And I do n’t mean surnames exclusively .
IAIN : 1 agree…especially from that era when those bands were doing their first records .
THIS :
When you were behind the console , or hanging with those bands or whatever , what did , you run into repeatedly ?
When you had to get nose to nose with those songs to get them happening on vinyl , what specifically , as a producer , did you observe in terms of similarities ?
IAIN : Those guys were all well organized and everyone knew what they were doing .
1 would say that in that group of people , in terms of skill and understanding level , it was pretty high .
Between some of the guys in Raygun , definitely with Steve ( Albini ) from Big Black , and Dave ( Riley ) to some extent .
Steve Bjorklund ( Breaking Circus ) was always pretty much aware of what was going on .
Just ummm , everybody had pretty concrete ideas about bow this was gonna happen , and ( those projects ) were more of the “ joining of the band ” role for me .
None of it was particularly difficult , it was just there .
THIS : When , for instance , Steve bjorklund would say , “ I want it like this , ” would he use the jargon or …
IAIN : Oh god , that varies .
Steve ( Albini ) was the only person skilled enough at using real jargon to where he and I could talk as equals about engineering .
The other guys , a lot of times , we would use idiotic phrases , ( laughs ) … colorful language .
THIS : And it got the message across ?
IAIN : Oh yeah , there were never any real communication problems .
There were disagreements , but no real diffIculties … but 1 think that comes from - being somewhat older and having done it a while .
1 mean , Steve ( Bjorklund ) had been in bands before with Chris ( Bjorklund ) , Strike Under ; so he had recorded before .
Raygun had been in the studio before .
Steve ( Albini ) obviously had recorded his own record before .
So just the grouping of that set of people …
THIS : What about the Effigies , how do they figure into that ?
IAIN : The Effigies were an oddball thing … that came about after the original band had basically broken up , they were n’t doing anything , then they got a new guitar player ( Bob O’Connor ) and the whole sound of the band altered tremendously .
I mean when you split with a guy like Earl ( Lettiq ) who has a sort of a trademark , recognizable guitar sound , that ’s been on what …four records , maybe five .
I mean , that ’s kind of difficult .
And they got a lot of heat for the change in musical direction to some degree on the latter two albums that I worked on , Ink and Fly on the Wire .
I think both of which have some really fucking good songs on them , and some are , well , in my opinion , just not all that marvelous .
I think John ( Kezdy , singer ) would say the same thing .
I ’m sure he likes all the songs , but some of it we could have done better .
THIS :
The bulk of what you ’ve done in the past six years has been at the Chicago Recording Company .
For people who are n’t aware , CRC is a Cadillac .
24 track , full commercial multi-million dollar installation , easily one of the top studios in the country in terms of state - of - the - art equipment and design , not to mention smart teak paneling .
IAIN : A luxury .
THIS : Some producers do n’t settle , center themselves around one studio… you have .
Why ?
Do you find that you have an aversion to more “ primitive ” conditions ?
IAIN : CRC was , again , an accidental thing .
I was working freelance at the time at a studio in the suburbs who were 24 track also , so I ’ve always used 24 track , save for small excursions in the past .
I think how it came about was that someone ( from CRC ) called me and said ( slips back into Edward G. Robinson , ) “ Yeah , you ’re doing a lot of work , see , we ’re wondering how come you do n’t use our facilities . ”
So I said , “ Well , I dunno .
I always thought you were too expensive . ” ( laughs )
So I think what happened is I actually went down there and spoke to somebody and basically told them , look .
This is marvelous , but we do n’t have this kind of money .
THIS : And ?
IAIN : Well , they just cut their rates and allowed me to charge bands a lot less .
I just said , if you expect us to work here , there ’s no fucking way we ’ll be able to pay 85 bucks an hour .
THIS : And that ’s basically the same reason CRC sessions make up the bulk of the better records in the Midwest ?
IAIN : Well , we talk about this three times a year , at least , and I say the same thing I said six years ago .
The market has n’t altered .
95 % of the bands in this town have no money at all , and it ’s a struggle to get the stuff done for the amount of money we have available .
My point ( to CRC management ) was that it would be marvelous to get in here , but you guys just cannot expect me to bring in these projects with 25 , 40 thousand dollar budgets .
It just is n’t going to happen .
THIS : Generally , the lain Burgess Production is instantly recognizable , if one is paying attention whether its …
IAIN : People have said that , I really do n’t see it that way , personally …
THIS : Well , that ’s because you ’re nuts .
IAIN : I don ‘t PLAY it the same way other people do .
THIS :
It ’s probably a similar situation to a musician ’s , where you cannot listen to the whole , only the pieces , but trust me , be it the drums or the guitar or the aural space between them , the experienced listener knows it ’s you without having to read the liner notes .
Who do you immediately recognize ?
IAIN : I recognize ( Steve ) Lillywhite ’s stuff .
I still like some of his stuff , although he ’s working now with the Talking Heads and the Rolling Stones , which means he ’s making a shitload of money , which is OK .
But I mean , the old shit …
THIS : XTC ?
IAIN : Yeah .
You listen to like U2 … some of the drum shit on there is pretty good .
Umm , some of the old Big Country shit – ya may not like the band , but the drums sound out of this world .
Fucking huge .
Bob Clearmountain too , who did a Rezillos album that was hysterical .
THIS : I had heard that on Naked Raygun ’s Throb Throb LP , the basic tracks included John Haggerty ’s economy - sized guitar being miked down a stairwell … the opening chords to “ Rat Patrol ” being a perfect example of the aural space I referred to earlier .
IAIN : You can hear it more on the final chords of some of those songs .
What that is is the bathroom on the second floor of Chicago Trax , where the basics were recorded .
The amp was in a stairwell with a mike in front of it and a mike above it , and there was an open mike in the bathroom , which was at the head of the stairwell , and when the guitar cuts out at the end , all the decay that you hear past him muting the chord is all from the bathroom .
That was a cool thing , and accidental .
THIS : Aw come on .
It ’s not accidental when you come up with the idea of ‘ lets mike this down a flight of stairs , ” and it turns out like it did …
IAIN : Well , the room was the size of this living room ( picture NW Chicago bungaloid - sized living room ) and there was no possible way you could put the rest of the band and John in the same room , so it was more of a like , “ what are we gonna do with it ?’.
The placement of the amp was more of an isolation thing , whereas the placement of the bathroom mike was one of those oddball things like , “ Hey , lets stick one here . ”
I miked a toilet bowl once for a lead guitar solo .
THIS : Who ?
Which one ?
Wha ?
IAIN : At Hedden
West we put the amp in this little closet space , a little bathroom , again for isolation cause the guy was so loud … so I thought , “ Fuck it , just stick the mike in the toilet bowl . ”
THIS : Now hold it , which band ?
Who ?
IAIN : ( laughing ) Aw , I do n’t remember .
Some rock and roll thing in the seventies I suppose … Toilet Bowl Guitar …
THIS : So it turns out that particular stunt on Throb Throb , which was one of the first and most powerful aural impressions I heard from that LP , was at least half accident ?
IAIN : Oh sure , a lot of it is halfass .
The classic example of the “ accident ” was “ Passing Complexion ” off of ( Big Black ’s ) Atomizer .
That was completely by accident , Santiago ’s guitar with idiotic high harmonizer on it , bouncing along on the top of the guitar line .
That was when I plugged something in the patch bay in the wrong place ( laughing ) and all of a sudden , Santiago ’s guitar goes screaming through this harmonizer at like , full volume .
All of us keel over and Steve ( Albini ) goes , “ Do n’t move it .
It ’s great . ”
And there it was , all from plugging something in wrong .
THIS : What are your thoughts on the fact that everybody and their brother is lining up for an lain Burgess Production ?
For instance , why do both God ’s Acre and Tar feel they need to make albums with you ?
Do you view yourself as a potential connection in approach between bands that are as different as the two I mentioned ?
IAIN : Well , I do n’t think that it really is that a band come together and says , “ Yeah , we gotta get this guy . ”
Tar came about because I knew John Mohr ( singer / guitarist ) from old Blatant Dissent days .
And the God ’s Acre thing .. . I had talked to Peter ( Haupt ) god , four or flve times over the past couple of years about doing something and it only happened now because their new drummer , Brenden , had worked with me before .
I do n’t know .
A lot of people I ’ve worked with the last couple of years , I ’ve worked with for the first time , but there are a lot of people I ’ve known for a long time .
A lot of work I do is really related to friendships and that sort of thing over a long period of time .
Personnel in bands change , a lot of people here in town will go from one band to another , and there are n’t too many altematives I suppose .
I mean , there ’s a lot of studios and - guys working them , but Steve ( Albini ) is the only other one in town that ) producing and engineering .
I mean , a Phil Bonnet ( Service , Watchmen , Precious Wax Drippings , ) definitely deserves his rightful place in the scheme of things , but since he ’s working in the suburbs , probably longer than I realize , although I ’ve never met him …
( It was at this point the tape ran out and I discovered that Panasonic Corporation ’s design corps failed to build a “ The Tape Has Run Out ” click into their otherwise extra kickass microcassette recorder . )
THIS : What was the first Chicago band you worked with that relates to the kind of music you specialize in today ?
IAIN : Sport of Kings .
Thermidor ( long defunct label ) did the EP , the first single they did themselves , ’80 or ‘ 8 Lthen through Lou , their guitar player , I met Al ( Jourgenson , ) and did the first Ministry thing ( “ Cold Life ” ) which went over pretty big and is basically ancient history at this point .
THIS : Who have n’t you worked with here in the US that you would pick up the phone for ?
IAIN : I always wanted to work with Die Kreuzen .
We talked about working together for like three years and it never happened for one reason or another .
Well , plus they ’ve got Butch Vig , who is another person I ’ve never met and we ’re leaving out of this conversation , who has done a shitload of really good stuff ( Laughing Hyenas , Killdozer . )
I always wanted to work with them , and every time they came to town I would talk to Keith about it .. but obviously they were working with someone they liked and I it never happened , which is kind of disappointing , I always wanted the chance to work for them .
It would have been I really fun to work on some of the old Effigies stuff when I Earl and the boys were still together .
I did n’t know them I very well then , and I ’d see John ( Kezdy ) once in a while , but I did n’t know him as well as I knew some other people .
I ’d like to work with Rey ( Washem .
Ex -Big Boys / I Scratch Acid / Rapeman current Helios Creed drummer . )
As temperamental as Rey can be , he ’s a fucking superb drummer , and to date I do n’t think I ’ve ever heard his drum kit recorded properly .
That ’s not saying that I can do it and somebody else can’t , it would be a challenge .
I know the name of the band he ’s playing with , but I have n’t heard them , so I do n’t know what they ’re like .
Just as a player , Rey is really difficult to record , and he ’s really really picky about how stuff sounds , but it would be interested to get a shot at working with him at some point .
THIS : Why is he really difficult to record ?
He seems to be one of the most consistent hitters as far as SMACKING the drums loudly and consistently …
IAIN : He ’s just incredible , and he has a tremendous dynamic range in what he plays , from real soft to like … flying loud , in the space of one breath .
And that ’s a I tricky thing .
It ’s like a guy with three stacks of Marshalls , right ?
You know , three hundred watt heads sitting on top and the guy hits a big barre chord , and its like … wow .
How am I supposed to translate that through microphones into a recording console and onto tape , and still have the guy walk into the control room and say , “ Yeah , that ’s what I hear out there . ”
It ’s tough .
The closest I ’ve ever come , at least in terms of that HUGE thing , is probably with John ( Haggerty , ex- Naked Raygun guitarist ) … he and I got pretty damn close .
At one point , we had really worked together enough where he would just plug in , I would put the mikes up and it would go straight to tape with almost no EQ .
A lot of that Naked Raygun stuff has no EQ on the !
guitar at all , it was just a case of the guy having THE fucking sound .
Translated beautifully , and that ’s rare .
Amazing too , because his shit ( guitar amp rig ) was always falling apart .
THIS : You moved to the states in … ?
IAIN : 1965
THIS : And to Chicago ?
IAIN : Middle ’70s sometime …
THIS : What made you seek out the music that was n’t being marketed , the more subterranean bands or clubs ?
IAIN : Again , purely by accident just like being hired by CRC was purely by accident .
Sport of Kings were doing a single with another engineer , who was basically saying , “ This is complete shit .
I do n’t want to do this anymore , fuck off .
The guitars are too distorted , too this , too that .. ” which still happens today , you get the same story .
These I guys came out to talk to me because I was assigned them by the studio .
And I did n’t care about them playing loud , l or using a Roland drum machine saying , “ Okay , we ’ve got I seven guitar amps , and this Shure Vocalmaster PA , and we want you to run the kick drum through this bass amp and mike everything separately , ” and I was like , “ Yeah , okay .
Why not ? ” I did n’t have any problems with this .
And I ’ve never understood why other producers or engineers do , other than the fact that they do n’t like the music .
THIS : Given that the period between ’ 82 – ’ 86 contained the bulk of your best work , and was what many say was the most prolific time for a genre of midwestern music that was fairly closely connected , what are your thoughts on the observation that ~ a group , the output has died down ?
What are your thoughts on the possibility of another peak in activity ?
IAIN : I do n’t know about a peak in activity .. .!
do n’t really see it to be honest .
THIS : How come ?
IAIN : There ’s … there ’s just not things like that around anymore , not that whole group of people .
That group has now spent a lot of time dealing with labels , years of dealing with indie labels and getting nowhere , and never I ’ making any money at it .
and realizing , “ My god , I ’m 27 .
Maybe I should think about doing something else . ”
And a lot of people have done just that .
THIS : Do you find that any of the musicians that you have to do with who are 21 – 22 now are of the caliber of the bands that were that age four or five years ago ?
I mean , I know you are working with younger bands .
IAIN : Yeah , there is a whole new set of bands to do with me .
The Bhopal Stiffs ( now defunct – eds. , ) the Poster Children , Tar , the Defoliants .. .it ’s unfair to say there ’s nothing .
What I ’m thinking about in terms of the stuff around Big Black and Raygun and Breaking Circus and Riflesport , some of which is still going , I ’m not sure that there ’s the same sort of …!
dunno if camaraderie is the right word , but you know what I mean .
A lot of the people are still around and dabbling one form or another , but it ’s not quite the same , and I do n’t really know why .
If you said it was because there are n’t any good bands , the answer to that is no , because there are lots of them , good ones .
It ’s just a personal thing I guess .
It ’s hard to answer that .
There ’s just a different feel about this time period , compare to the on that you mentioned which is different And I ’m not saying that it ’s better or worse .
That time period was the peaking of a lot of those people and those bands , after their initial bands and forays into the local circuit I think what we ’re in now is sort of an upswing again , with younger bands and stuff , having done their first gigs and first small tours and first records , and having everything more figured out .
There ’s a potential peak , sure , in the next twelve months or so .
It ’ll be interesting to see what happens .
THIS : And you say you ’ll still be a part of it .
IAIN : Yeah , where I live does n’t make any difference .
It ’~ like I was talking to Steve ( Albini ) the other day and he was saying , “ Well , why not ?
You ’re living here and l working in Europe , why not live there and work here ? ”
THIS : Relating to your European move , who are you going to be primarily hooked up with ?
I know about Angry Fish ( West Berlin ) and Vinyl Solution .
IAIN : Yeah , them and a guy named Mario in Italy , and I just hooked up with a band in Paris who wants me to do a band in France but there ’s a core group of people that I ’m already working for in Europe : hid I hope to expand that as much as I can .
THIS : Even though some of them are French , you ’re getting along with them ?
IAIN : Oh yeah , I get along with people , not much problem with that .
What I ’m hoping to do is to continue contacts here and continue working with the same people I am now , and try to come back home a month at a crack … and do like two or three projects .
It ’s going to be a little hard to coordinate .
THIS : You could always go the Martin Hannet route .
IAIN : Be a heroin . addict ?
Yeah , I could do that .
THIS : Well , just have yourself flown in and propped in front of the board …
IAIN : Nah , I ’m not rich enough to be able to pay my own airfare all over the world , but if I could get a month ’s work back home … what I hope to do is , if there ’s something like airfare involved , is to split the cost with the bands .
Like if there ’s three projects here , we split it four ways .
That ’s the fairest thing I can think of without going broke .
THIS : Speaking of bands in Europe , are there any groupings , or movements , or regions that perhaps could be analogous to the Midwest in the middle ’ 80s that you might be in the middle of ?
IAIN : Yeah , there is a little bit of one , it ’s centered a bit about bands like Mega City Four , that are doing this sort of hard driving , what people would call pop I suppose .
There are a group of bands doing that sort of stuff , and there are a couple that I ’m going to work with .
One ’s a band called Prefect Days from London and a bands callediJoyce McKinney … so yeah , there is a little “ thing ” going on at the moment , and Mega City Four are probably at the top at least at the moment .. mostly because they just tour their asses off .
THIS : So they ’re all English ?
IAIN : Yeah .
TIDS : Europe has been going through some intense shit lately …
IAIN : The big thing is the changes in the East Bloc .
There are good bands there .
I heard a tape of a record that a friend of mine bought , a blank record with no credits or anything , just a cover , in Poland .
The production on it was outrageous , sort of a fast speed metal thing … it was fucking outrageous .
I do n’t know who did it but I ’d sure like to find out .
That ’s a whole different thing .
Being based in Berlin , this is going - to be one of the exciting things for me personally .
Now there ’s going to be the opportunity to work in places where no one has ever been before …
THIS : Places where Western music has been non-existent from the word go .
IAIN : And a lot of the bigger guys are n’t going to be· interested in doing it because there ’s no money in it , it ’s not big time , and it ’s not real popular .
I do n’t give a fuck .
If somebody calls me and says , “ Can you go to Warsaw for two weeks ?
But we have to pay you in Zlotees … ” I mean , .its gonna be a bit dodgy but I ’ll fuckin get on a train and go tomorrow … that ’s just the way I .
THIS : Have you wanted to tailor yourself as the antithesis to the L.A. poodle haircut / coke mirror school or …
IAIN : Nah , I just am .
There ’s nothing I can do about it .
If I tried to do it , I ’d be a dismal failure and just look really stupid doing it .
If I ever looked like that , I think I ’d be laughed out of town .
I ’m just hopeless at it .
All that stuff …self - promotion , money , business …utterly useless .
If I have to deal with like … a major label , I ’d have to hire somebody .
THIS : What size satin jacket do you wear ?
IAIN : I do n’t know .
( laughing )
THIS : More studio stories !
IAIN : There ’s a guitar slide on a Naked Raygun song that ’s Pierre ( Kezdy , bassist ) in the control room going “ bvvvvvv ” with his mouth …
TIDS : Which one ?
IAIN : I have no idea , I ca n’t remember ( Pierre says it was “ I Remember . ” )
We forgot it .
We were in the middle of the mix and we were about to drop it onto quarter - inch and somebody says , “ Fuck , we forgot the guitar slide . ”
And we did n’t have a guitar and amp in the studio so Pierre says , “ Right , I ’ll do it . ”
THIS : Unreal .
IAIN : On Racer - X ( Big Black ’s third EP , ) Steve is talking into a small kid ’s toy with a microphone that records your voice and then plays it back on one of those cheesy little disks on top , like a handheld turntable .
That was pretty funny .
On “ Dad ” on the Didjits record , Rick is singing through the pickups of his guitar , kinda holding it in front of his face .
That was pretty hysterical …
TIDS : What about before you moved to the states ?
What were you listening to then ?
IAIN : Oh god , all the electronic shit , I still have some of it .
All the old Tangerine Dream stuff …
TIDS : Oh dear .
IAIN : Old Kraftwerk , the really ancient shit , before Autobahn , long before they got popular , like ’ 71 or ’ 72 .
The old Power Station album , Ralph and Florian …really crazed shit .
Nobody ever bought it , 1 think I was the only person in my town who ever bought that shit .
STEPHEN E. GARNER
The Integrity , Experience and Commitment to Excellence You Can Trust .
Looking out for your best interests , giving you a voice and guiding you to victory since 1983 .
Trust is important when you are considering hiring a lawyer , especially when you need help after a serious car wreck , a workplace injury or a disabling condition .
Updates at bottom : Pakistan official blasts reports as ‘ propaganda ’ ; ‘ Capture ’ comes two days after WaPo reported Obama admin .
caught no ‘ high value detainees ’
An Afghan Taliban spokesman has denied a U.S. report that its military commander was arrested by U.S. and Pakistani forces in a secret operation .
In a front page story , The New York Times reported that US and Pakistani intelligence forces captured Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar several days ago and that he is currently in Pakistani custody with US officials taking part in his interrogation .
ADVERTISEMENT
US officials confirmed reports of the capture of Mullah Abdul Ghani Baradar several days ago to Fox News .
“ This operation was an enormous success , ” another official told ABC News .
“ It is a very big deal . ”
But several hours later a Taliban spokesman claimed Ghani , known to many Taliban as Mullah Baradar , was still in Afghanistan actively organizing the group ’s military and political activities .
“ The rumours reported today on the arrest of Mullah Baradar are all untrue .
It is a big lie , ” Taliban spokesman Yousuf Ahmadi told AFP by telephone from an undisclosed location .
“ He is currently in Afghanistan , where he is leading all jihad activities …
He is here with us and is in contact with us , ” he added .
ADVERTISEMENT
Baradar has been billed as second only to Taliban founder Mohammad Omar and officials have said that his capture would be a major blow to the militia , which is fighting to bring down the Western - backed government in Afghanistan .
Ahmadi charged that the US media report intended to deflect attention from a major U.S. - led assault on a cluster of villages in Marjah in southern Afghanistan , where U.S. Marines have reportedly run into pockets of resistance .
“ The sole goal of such baseless reporting and propaganda is to make up for the failure in Marjah .
There is serious resistance ongoing in Marjah , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Reports of Baradar ’s capture came as American , British and Afghan forces entered the fourth day of a massive push against the Taliban in Afghanistan , called Operation Mushtarak .
Some analysts have speculated news of the capture was leaked to restore the US intelligence community ’s credibility following intense criticism over the Christmas Day airline bombing attempt .
ADVERTISEMENT
Pakistan official blasts reports as propaganda
“ Interior Minister Rehman Malik on Tuesday branded as ‘ propaganda ’ reports that the top Taliban military commander had been arrested in a joint Pakistani - US spy operation , ” Pakistan website Dawn.com reports .
The article continues , “ Speaking to reporters outside parliament in Islamabad , the cabinet minister stopped short of either confirming or denying the media reports . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We are verifying all those we have arrested .
If there is any big target , I will show the nation , ” Malik said .
“ If the New York Times gives information , it is not a divine truth , it can be wrong .
We have joint intelligence sharing and no joint investigation , nor joint raids , ” Malik added .
“ We are a sovereign state and hence will not allow anybody to come and do any operation .
And we will not allow that .
So this ( report ) is propaganda , ” he added .
Military blogger Bill Roggio writes , “ Note that Malik did n’t deny the report that Baradar was arrested ; he merely is saying it has n’t been verified .
In fact , it appears the real issue he is addressing is CIA participation in covert activities against the Taliban . ”
‘ Capture ’ comes two days after WaPo reported Obama admin .
caught no ‘ high value detainees ’
The New York Times held their story at the White House ’s request .
ADVERTISEMENT
The New York Times learned of the operation on Thursday , but delayed reporting it at the request of White House officials , who contended that making it public would end a hugely successful intelligence - gathering effort .
The officials said that the group ’s leaders had been unaware of Mullah Baradar ’s capture and that if it became public they might cover their tracks and become more careful about communicating with each other .
The Times is publishing the news now because White House officials acknowledged that the capture of Mullah Baradar was becoming widely known in the region .
Curiously , the Times reports came just two days after a front page Washington Post story titled “ Under Obama , more targeted killings than captures in counterterrorism efforts ” attracted a lot of attention .
Sunday ’s
Post story claimed , “ When a window of opportunity opened to strike the leader of al - Qaeda in East Africa last September , U.S. Special Operations forces prepared several options .
They could obliterate his vehicle with an airstrike as he drove through southern Somalia .
Or they could fire from helicopters that could land at the scene to confirm the kill .
Or they could try to take him alive . ”
“ The White House authorized the second option , ” the story written by Karen DeYoung and Joby Warrick continued , and , as a result , “ the opportunity to interrogate one of the most wanted U.S. terrorism targets was gone forever . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Sunday Post article stated , “ The result has been dozens of targeted killings and no reports of high - value detentions . ”
However , in today ’s Post article on the alleged Baradar capture , which DeYoung also wrote , there is no reference to Sunday ’s article .
“ His capture is by far the most important detention since the beginning of the war in Afghanistan in 2001 and the first known capture of a top - ranking insurgent during the Obama administration , ” DeYoung writes today , with no trace of irony .
DeYoung also implies that she had heard reports of the capture beforehand , adding , “ Results of Baradar ’s questioning have been circulating in Washington since he was detained Wednesday . ”
The Washington Post writer does n’t explain what kind of “ results ” have been obtained , as the Times reported , “ It was unclear whether he was talking , but the officials said his capture had provided a window into the Taliban and could lead to other senior officials . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Neither paper makes any mention of concerns that Pakistan might be using enhanced interrogation techniques or torture that would be outlawed in the United States .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs fielded a question today on whether he knew if waterboarding would be employed ( Report and video at this link ) .
Bloomberg reported late Tuesday that two Taliban officials are confirming the capture , but with a caveat :
Baradar , who has directed daily operations as deputy to Mullah Omar , was seized last week , two Taliban officials said .
They disputed a report by the New York Times earlier today that he was nabbed in Karachi by Pakistani and U.S. intelligence teams . ….
Taliban commander Akhtar Mohammad said by phone that Baradar was taken during weekend fighting in Afghanistan ’s Helmand Province .
Another Taliban official , Abdul Qayum , said he “ was captured by foreign troops on Sunday , along with some of his bodyguards , during the operation in Marjah , ” a town in Helmand attacked by U.S. Marines on Feb. 13 .
Qayum also spoke by phone from an unspecified place in Afghanistan .
Baradar is the deputy leader of the “ Quetta shura , ” the top council of Taliban leaders , which analysts and U.S. officials say fled into hiding near the Pakistani border city of Quetta after being driven from Afghanistan in 2002 .
Pakistan denies that the Taliban leadership operates on its territory
ADVERTISEMENT
( with AFP report )
In December , the Goddard Institute for Space Sciences ( GISS ) published over 200 pages of internal emails as required by a Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) request by the Competitive Enterprise Institute ( CEI ) .
The emails involved how the GISS handled responding to a number of requests for information , data , and code from Steve McIntyre , founder of the climate disruption - denier website ClimateAudit.org .
Clearly there was no metaphorical “ smoking gun ” in the emails , because the CEI did n’t crow about a likely Climategate 2.0 following the emails ’ release .
However , today it appeared that Judicial Watch and number of large climate denier blogs did n’t get the memo .
Judicial watch issued a press release that claimed
“ This email traffic ought to be embarrassing for NASA .
Given the recent Climategate scandal , NASA has an obligation to be completely transparent with its handling of temperature data .
Instead of insulting those who point out their mistakes , NASA scientists should engage the public in an open , professional and honest manner , ” stated Judicial Watch President Tom Fitton .
Apparently , neither Anthony Watts of Wattsupwiththat.com nor the aforementioned Steve McIntyre were aware that the emails had been released , since both deniers put up fresh posts repeating the Judicial Watch press release in the last couple of days .
Furthermore , Telegraph blogger ( and one of the more vocal Climategate pundits ) James Delingpole also got caught by the press release , even going so far as to ask
Has Climategate moved to the US ?
Looks like it from this story at Watts Up With That .
After reading the emails myself , it ’s clear to me that Delingpole must have come unmoored if he seriously thinks that these emails show anything even remotely like another climate non-scandal .
And while neither Watts nor McIntyre have made the same claim that Delingpole made , both men did link to the Judicial Watch press release and both have been content to permit the comment threads to claim “ scandal ! ” on their behalf .
Put simply , the emails show the GISS scientists acting professionally and in and open and transparent manner with reporters and McIntyre himself .
To illustrate , let ’s read some of the emails ourselves .
Gavin Schmidt wrote , in reference to responding to McIntyre :
I would suggest being more specific about what was assumed and what you will do now .
The stats you had for the number of stations which had positive and negative offsets would be appropriate .
You might also want to thank him for bringing this to our attention .
The first because he ’ll ask you anyway or work it out himself , the second since it does n’t hurt to be gracious .
Reto Ruedy , in his email response to McIntyre :
.. and I ’d like to thank you for bringing this to our attention .
Ruedy also contacted the National Geographic Society to make sure that they updated their maps :
I checked what this correction does to your map and it does change the colors somewhat over parts of the US ; the rest of the world is unaffected .
Even the change over the US is way within the maring of error ( 0.5 C ) .
So there is little need to make any changes .
Ruedy wrote several emails to Leticia Sorg of Redacao Epoca which show him patiently explaining how McIntyre ’s overblown claims about the US have no impact on global climate ( a point I made myself back in 2007 ) .
Sorg asked “ Considering [ the 1934/1998 ranking change ] , would it be possible to say that the planet is becoming hotter and hotter ? ” to which Ruedy replied
To answer your question , given the existing sampling error ( .1-.2C ) :
No – we cannot draw any conclusion about our planet from the US data ( much less from the rankings you show below )
In other words , the emails show the scientists discussing their work , politely explaining things to journalists and to McIntyre , and generally being normal people .
McIntyre , however , does n’t exactly come off nearly as well as the GISS scientists in these emails .
McIntyre asked on August 4 , 2007 ,
In addition , could you provide me with any documentaiton ( additional to already published material ) providing information on the calculation of GISS raw and adjusted series from USHCN versions , including relevant source code .
Ruedy points out that , as of McIntyre ’s request , all the source code is already publicly available :
The software we spend close to 100 % of our time in developing and which is the real basis or [ sic ] our work ( in addition to general physics and chemistry ) , is openly available ( giss.nasa.gov/tools /modelE ) to anybody .
And yet McIntyre , in a later email on August 8 , 2007 ( four days after his initial request and a day after Ruedy pointed out that the source code was publicly available ) , asks again for source code :
I would like to assess the impact of these modifications on the US and global averages for myself .
I would appreciate a copy of the source code used for these calculations .
Reto Ruedy , responding to a request from a NASA press officer about McIntyre :
The blog [ Climate Audit ] you attached is a prime example of what gives bloggers a really bad name … .
[ McIntyre ] omits that the global mean time series ( which is generally considered the standard measure for global warming ) is unaffected [ by the small errors in the US record that McIntyre discovered ] .
He concentrates on US time series which ( US covering less than 2 % of the world ) is so noisy and has such a large margin of error that no conclusions can be drawn from it at this point ; showing the plot of annual means before and after the correction would have made the whole article a joke since the differences are barely visible .
He had to use the device of ranking the years rather than showing the plots to make any point at all .
The problem with rankings is that there are large clumps of years which are equal within the margin of error and rankings within these clumps are purely accidental .
He finds it astounding that years 1934 and 1998 reversed ranks , not remembering that the corrections only affected years 2000 - 2006 , hence that there is no possible connection there .
And McIntyre had been using a ‘ bot to download every bit of data from GISS and complained when his IP was blocked ( a point that McIntyre made today in the comments at climateaudit.org ) .
Schmidt wrote on August 16 , 2007
Reto and Rob Schmunk have the details .
[ McIntyre ] was using a robot to automatically download pages that robots were n’t allowed to ( because of the server demands of interactive scripts ) and Rob blocked the IP .
After a couple of emails back and forth , he was allowed to continue on weekends / evenings .
The webmaster ’s account of McIntyre ’s actions goes like this :
On about May 16 , around 10:30 or 11:00 p.m. , as I was getting ready to leave GISS for the night , I belatedly checked the error logs on the two web servers and discovered that there were several thousand errors in the log on Web2 .
On a normal day there would be about 500 …..
Further investigation revealed that someone had been firing off requests to Web2 since about 2:00 that afternoon for the station data and by the time I looked into the situation , there had been at least 16,000 requests .
Perhaps half of these had gone to addresses in the CGI directory , which means that activating CGI scripts to extract data , etc … .
Plainly this activity was from an “ automated ” agent , which in rough parlance is usually called a “ robot ” … .
As the robot on may 16 came from a generic ISP address rather than , say , an academic address and further because it ’s “ user - agent ” tag provided no further information about who was running it , and _also_ because the GISS websites have “ robots.txt ” files which instruct all well - behaved web robots to stay out of the CGI directories , I cut off access to the ISP in question to the websites on Web2 .
The next day I received e-mail from McIntyre asking what was up .
He did not identify himself or on whose behalf he was acting ….
All I know is that my first contact with him came because he was blasting umpteen thousand requests at the webservers .
I have no idea how much traffic McIntyre ’s website gets , and I do n’t know that I havve ever even looked at it .
His tone in his e-mail was on the arrogant side , so I had no desire to prolong communication with him any longer than was necessary .
In other words , McIntyre created a ‘ bot to scrape all the GISS data up and download it and did so in a way that a ) interfered with the operation of GISS ’ server , b ) ignored instructions that the GISS webmaster had put in place to prevent overloading the servers , and c ) he got annoyed when he was shut down .
If that had been me ( and I ’ve managed websites from time to time ) , I ’d have suspected an attack and done exactly what the webmaster did .
Columnist Mark Steyn does n’t come off very well either , given the actual email responses McIntyre got .
A Steyn column is quoted at length in a GISS email dated August 13 , 2007 , from Stephen Volz .
The quote says in part :
So why is 1998 no longer America ’s record - breaker ?
Because a very diligent fellow called Steve McIntyre of climateaudit.com labored long and hard to prove that there was a bug in NASA ’s handling of the raw data .
He then notified the scientists responsible , and received an acknowledgment that the mistake was an “ oversight ” that would be corrected in the next “ data refresh . ”
The reply was almost as cool as the revised chart listings .
( emphasis mine )
All in all , the emails show McIntyre being a jerk , the GISS scientists responding politely even to repeated , unreasonable requests from McIntyre , and the GISS scientists managing quite well under the stress of a media circus based on statistically insignificant differences that had no bearing on the actual error that McIntyre corrected .
So this is n’t Climategate 2.0 ( Climategate 1.0 was n’t Climategate either , for that matter ) , even though Judicial Watch and James Delingpole both seem to think so .
And while Anthony Watts and Steve McIntyre are n’t personally claiming that this a new Climategate , they ’ve done nothing as of the writing of this post to correct the record at their websites , making any misperceptions of a scandal by readers Watts ’ and McIntyre ’s responsibility .
Furthermore , the content of the actual emails shows that the GISS scientists did engage McIntyre and reporters in an open and professional manner .
GISS also openly and transparently permitted McIntyre to continue scraping all the data off the site after getting him to agree to do it on off - hours so as not to overload the GISS servers .
Amazingly enough , GISS acted in 2007 just as Judicial Watch ’s president , Tom Fitton , demanded last week .
Thanks to Eli Rabett for pointing this out , albeit indirectly .
A precious case from Middle Earth .
" Sméagol ( Gollum ) is a single , 587 year old , hobbit - like male of no fixed abode .
He has presented with antisocial behaviour , increasing aggression , and preoccupation with the " one ring . " ... ... His forensic history consists of Deagol 's murder and the attempted murder of Samwise Gamgee .
He has no history of substance misuse , although like many young hobbits he smoked " pipe weed " in adolescence .
Sméagol has forgotten many memories of his childhood , and we have limited collateral history on his premorbid personality .
Before obtaining the ring he was an inquisitive child with odd interests , who enjoyed causing mischief and solitary activities such as burrowing under trees to look at roots .
He dislikes himself , stale raw fish , and " hobbitses . "
Several differential diagnoses need to be considered , and we should exclude organic causes for his symptoms .
A space occupying lesion such as a brain tumour is unlikely as his symptoms are long standing .
Gollum 's diet is extremely limited , consisting only of raw fish .
Vitamin B - 12 deficiency may cause irritability , delusions , and paranoia .
His reduced appetite and loss of hair and weight may be associated with iron deficiency anaemia .
He is hypervigilant and does not seem to need much sleep .
This , accompanied by his bulging eyes and weight loss , suggests hyperthyroidism .
Gollum 's dislike of sunlight may be due to the photosensitivity of porphyria .
Attacks may be induced by starvation and accompanied by paranoid psychosis .
An internet search found over 1300 sites discussing the nature of Gollum 's " mental illness . "
We asked 30 randomly selected medical students if they thought Gollum had a mental illness .
Schizophrenia was the most common diagnosis ( 25 students ) , followed by multiple personality disorder ( three ) .
On initial consideration schizophrenia seems a reasonable diagnosis .
However , in the context of the culture at the time it is unlikely .
Delusions are false , unshakeable beliefs , not in keeping with the patient 's culture .
In Middle Earth , the power of the ring is a reality .
The passivity phenomena Gollum experiences are caused by the ring , and these symptoms occur in all ring bearers .
Gollum does not fulfil the ICD - 10 criteria for the diagnosis of schizophrenia ...
... Gollum displays pervasive maladaptive behaviour that has been present since childhood with a persistent disease course .
His odd interests and spiteful behaviour have led to difficulty in forming friendships and have caused distress to others .
He fulfils seven of the nine criteria for schizoid personality disorder ( ICD F60.1 ) , and , if we must label Gollum 's problems , we believe that this is the most likely diagnosis . "
Read the full article here .
Thanks to Ann for today 's ROFL !
Image : flickr / Memekiller
When word began to whip around the world that the Ugandan parliament would take up a bill making lesbian or gay sex a capital crime , my thoughts went first to a nightclub I frequented when I lived in Johannesburg , South Africa , a few years ago .
It was always a revelation to spend an evening at Simply Blue .
The club was a collecting spot for Africa ’s gay diaspora , and its patrons came from every part of the continent .
The age range was wide , class lines were smudged , and there was a symphony of languages .
The very existence of the place posed an answer of sorts to the claim of homophobes that there was something un -African about being black and gay .
To get to Simply Blue ’s curved bar and large dance floor , patrons had to climb a long flight of stairs and go through a security pat - down .
You could always spot newcomers because they usually sat off to the side in the shadows , on broken - down couches , their eyes wide and jaws slack .
Many of them literally had had the idea beaten into them that they were part of a cursed , despicable , tiny minority .
There was the middle - aged man from Zimbabwe , formerly married , whose brother had plotted to have him killed because of the shame he ’d brought to his family when he ’d switched to dating men .
There was a young Nigerian who lingered on the sidelines for weeks before inching out onto the dance floor , but then moved in an explosion of long - suppressed joy at finding himself dancing in public across from another man .
I met an older fellow , a soft - spoken farmer from Uganda who ’d raised his children before leaving his home , his wife and his country .
He ’d finally decided he could n’t live to the end of his life without having the chance to express his truest self .
Advertisement
One night at Simply Blue , I found myself in a long , confusing and infuriating conversation with an evangelical preacher from Soweto , who was the guide for a group of conservative , anti-gay white American evangelicals traveling around the country .
He belonged to a sect that inveighed against homosexuality .
Here ’s how he reconciled the two halves of his existence :
He felt an irresistible need , he said , to occasionally be in a place like Simply Blue with other black gay Africans because it helped him feel less strange , and a little less lonely .
But he was also proud that he had so far stayed true to his theology by never acting on his desires .
He watched -- but never touched .
I thought about that preacher ’s story -- about the intensity of the pull he felt and also about his shame and self - revulsion -- in the context of the three American anti-gay evangelical pastors who recently took their message to Uganda , and now seem shocked at the proposed law introduced in the wake of their visit .
They participated in the March conference that sparked the Anti-Homosexuality Act of 2009 , though they insist they had no intention of inspiring legislation that calls for the death penalty for homosexuals .
But by posing as experts who offered testimony about how gay men rape teenage boys and how homosexuals are plotting to destroy marriage and the family , they helped build an explosive device and light a fuse .
One of them , at the time of the conference , announced that these sorts of revelations were like a “ nuclear bomb ” that would eliminate the entire country of homosexuals .
They ca n’t now disclaim responsibility for the bomb having been detonated .
Advertisement
South Africa is far from nirvana for lesbians and gay men :
There ’s certainly no shortage of homophobia within its borders .
But it ’s the one place on the continent -- and one of the few places in the world -- with a constitution that explicitly prohibits discrimination based on sexual orientation .
In 2007 , when I spent a year in Johannesburg , I heard the deputy chief justice of the Constitutional Court of South Africa , Dikgang Moseneke , address the Gay and Lesbian Film Festival .
In his speech , he paid tribute to liberation heroes like the late Simon Nkoli , a courageous black revolutionary and an out and proud gay man .
Nkoli , like the men and women with less well - known names who regularly turn up at Simply Blue , countered the lie that same - sex attraction is a relic of colonialism .
The theme of homophobic African politicians is that gay identity is a perversion imposed on black people by white oppressors .
The historical fact is the reverse , of course : Legal prohibitions on homosexuality were originally imposed by white colonial rulers .
So it ’s no small twist in the plot that the new wave of threats to Ugandan gays should be reinforced by American religious extremists .
The proposed legislation places in stark relief the persistence of deadly prejudice .
The roots of hatred can be traced to myriad traditions -- indigenous and foreign , white and black .
What ’s more important than identifying the sources of the poison is to find the antidote .
The first step is listening to the voices of African lesbians and gay men , and taking our cues from them about how to offer the most effective support .
Advertisement
I ’ve been logging on daily in recent weeks to the Box Turtle Bulletin , the website widely credited with alerting Americans to the Uganda legislation , and also to Gay Uganda , the distinctive , irrepressible blog of a partly closeted young gay blogger who ’s broken important news , and provided bracing perspective , ever since the anti-gay panic began to build in Uganda .
“ I am fighting for our lives and freedom in my country , ” the Gay Uganda blogger wrote on New Year ’s Day , as government officials and preachers called on Ugandans to join in a nationwide demonstration against homosexuality on Jan. 19 .
“ I want to stay home in 2010 , ” the blogger wrote .
“ I would love to be here , as a Ugandan , who is free and not persecuted for his sexuality .
I would like my family to grow , my family to know , my family to accept me . ”
Most of the gay refugees from all over the continent who gather at Simply Blue once felt the same way .
They were migrants to South Africa not by choice but by necessity .
And now they ’re part of a burgeoning mass of women and men across the continent who reject the impossible , insulting , ahistorical , cruel and utterly false choice :
Are you African , or are you gay ?
Advertisement
Douglas Foster is a professor at Northwestern University ’s Medill School of Journalism .
Update at bottom : MSNBC turns off Obama after he says turn TV off ; FOX cuts off for 3rd time
For the second time in less than a week , Fox News on Tuesday cut away from a live broadcast of a presidential address to air comments from a critic of President Obama .
Speaking at a town hall meeting in New Hampshire , the president laid out his argument that health care reform would actually save the government money in the long term by reducing health care costs .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Well there you have it , a rather long answer to a question about health care from a recovering cancer patient , ” said Fox News host Megyn Kelley , before introducing Dr. Marc Siegel , a Fox News contributor and critic of the president ’s health care reform agenda .
Fox took some criticism from left - wing bloggers when it cut off the president ’s question - and - answer session with House GOP members at a retreat last Friday .
During the wide - ranging debate that even some conservative commentators admitted the president won , Fox “ cut away mid-broadcast and went to a newsless interview with Rep. Peter King ( R - NY ) , ” as the Washington Independent ‘s David Weigel put it .
Raw Story ’s analysis of TV news coverage of Obama ’s town hall meeting found that only CNN aired the entire meeting , one hour and 15 minutes .
By comparison , MSNBC broadcast 55 minutes of the event and Fox News broadcast 40 minutes , or about half .
MSNBC turns off Obama after he says turn TV off ; FOX cuts off for 3rd time
ADVERTISEMENT
On Wednesday , Fox News cut away from a question and answer session between Obama and the Senate Democratic Caucus after only two minutes .
None of the Senators ’ questions were aired .
“ Score one for consistency , ” Huffington Post ’s Jason Linkins mocks .
Linkins adds ,
Meanwhile , if Fox News could n’t be bothered to televise the session , this week ’s awkward cable news cut-away goes to MSNBC , which briefly ceased its live coverage of the Q&A after Obama urged the Senate Democratic Caucus to stop paying attention to them
ADVERTISEMENT
“ President Obama encouraging all the lawmakers in that room , all the senators , to turn us off , ” MSNBC ’s David Shuster said .
“ Do n’t pay attention to the echo chamber .
We ’re going to use our authority to be able to essentially turn off the president ’s feed for now . ”
Linkins notes , “ Do n’t worry !
They went back to the Q&A as soon as they deemed it ‘ interesting ! ' ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Fox News ’ America Live , broadcast Feb. 2 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Shuster uses his ‘ authority ’ to cut off Obama
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from MSNBC ’s News Live , broadcast Feb. 3 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
For reasons I do n’t entirely understand , this post is trending high on Google searches for ‘ chemistry fraud ’ .
I ’d actually like to do a follow up on some of these cases , so if you ’re interested in seeing that , have other cases you ’d like listed , or know any of the participants , please contact me in the comments or at : chemistrystatistics AT gmail DOT com
– verpa , 10/20/2010
After reading about the IUCr scandal with some 70 structures invalidated followed by another one this month for another set , it got me thinking about the chemistry scandals that have come to light in the past few years .
It seems as though the number of massive frauds is increasing … or are they just getting becoming more public ?
A quick review of some of the biggies ( only chemistry , mind you ) :
With the most recent batch of frauds coming out of China , it ’s easy to blame China ’s research - or - starve model ( literal publish or perish ) as the cause .
But , as Nature continues with another piece , that ’s too simple of a view .
We need to submit journal articles to the same kind of plagiarism scrutiny that we force students to undergo .
Reviewers ca n’t be expected to keep a significant fraction of an exploding field of knowledge in their heads .
We need to let the computers score new manuscripts / data for duplication across all the journals , then include those scores when the manuscripts are sent to the reviewers .
I ’m not saying we should pull the human from the loop , but the computer should be in there too .
Without this sort of check , the databases are rotting from the inside .
We should also have open commenting on all journal articles once published … not the anemic ghetto of a journal club that JACS is doing to ‘ test the waters ’ .
As far as I can tell , no one takes that ‘ club ’ seriously , as it ’s obvious JACS is n’t committed to it .
I would n’t mind having to defend my papers against the occasional troll if I could see easily that three people other people had failed to get a synthesis working , saving myself a day or two of work .
How often have you heard a fellow chemist say … “ I do n’t trust anything that ’s not in [ JACS , Angewandte , Organometallics ] ” or “ I wo n’t even read Tett .
Letters because it ’s full of ISHTAR : Irreproducible Shit That Aggravates Readers “ ?
Is the network of trust between chemists breaking down ?
Where do you see this heading ?
I 'm constantly baffled by the exclusion of bisexuals .
I blame bad science , or rather bad scientists .
Every year it seems there 's a new study on " what makes people gay " .
Oddly , this is expected to be an on - off switch , and the researchers look in the genes , or the brain or the length of fingers for a sign that one set of people will be queer , now and for always , and another proving the rest will remain 100 % straight .
It takes a special kind of rigidity of outlook to construct a survey on finger length and decide beforehand there 's no middle ground .
They then say everyone 's " straight , gay or lying " but for that to be true there would have to be an awful lot of liars out there .
The last Observer poll on sexual attitudes showed that 4 % of people – one in 25 – identified as homosexual , and half as many again identified separately as bisexual .
But this sort of thinking fuels the mythical status of bi people .
People are quick to tinker with the definition of bisexual until it's not something anyone would willingly pick for themselves .
Bisexuals are supposed to be equally attracted to men and women – always androgyny , but never to trans people – and always at the same time .
They supposedly need to have identical amounts of sex with both , and do n't notice the differences between them ( which might get painful in bed , I reckon ) .
We 're all told bisexuality is a phase that everyone goes through and grows out of , and no one 's a " proper " bisexual , even though " everyone 's bisexual really " .
Bisexuals are depicted as the monsters spreading Aids , and breaking the hearts of partners inevitably cast aside for a different gender .
Who 'd want to be bi !
Oddly , the only people not confused about bisexuality are the bisexuals themselves , with groups like The Bisexual Index advocating a clearer definition – they simply suggest anyone who is attracted to more than one gender should consider identifying as bi .
It 's not about amount of attraction either , just as simply preferring lettuce to liver does n't make you a vegan .
It 's LGBT History Month , so here 's something you can quote to people when they ask : " But what have the bisexuals ever done for us ? " : the first ever gay pride week was organised in the wake of the Stonewall riots in the US , and was the idea of Brenda Howard , an out bisexual activist .
But ask around in a local LGBT bar , or group , or event today and you wo n't find many people out about being bi .
Why do n't we come out ?
A lot of the people using the LGBT scene are bisexuals in the closet – they came out as gay or lesbian because they knew that would get a good reception .
But for a bi on the gay scene , the closet has two doors , a bit like an airlock – behind one of them is a cosy atmosphere with no pressure , and behind the other is what appears to be a vacuum .
Of course , it 's not actually a vacuum , just seems so by comparison to the loud brash bright lights of the commercial LGBT scene .
The bisexuals might not be the celebrities hosting the talk shows and lounging on magazine covers , but they 're out there .
The kid who sat next to you in class , the driver of the cab you took last Friday , the shopkeeper who sold you the lettuce , your gran 's best friend .
Maybe your gran .
Maybe your partner .
If you reread the definition above and think about it , maybe you .
Certainly me .
The UK bi scene is out there .
It 's community - led , with festivals like the regional one - day BiFests and the national three - day convention BiCon ( in London this year ) , and many towns have local bisexual support groups .
The big LGBT groups and organisations around the country are waking up to bisexual inclusion too .
It 's hard work for the volunteer activists pushing it forward , but progress is being made – Brighton Pride is particularly supportive of their local bi scene and the other Pride festivals will hopefully follow in their footsteps .
This is n't a fresh uprising either , this is n't happening because bisexuality is " cool " right now .
Next time someone tells you bisexuals do n't exist , ask them how old they are .
It 's BiCon 's 27th birthday this year .
Not bad for a phase , eh ?
“ We have enough wireless to make your fillings hurt , ” says Matt Federoff , the district ’s chief information officer .
District officials got the idea for wiring the bus during occasional drives on school business to Phoenix , two hours each way , when they realized that if they doubled up , one person could drive and the other could work using a laptop and a wireless card .
They wondered if Internet access on a school bus would increase students ’ academic productivity , too .
Image
On buses equipped with Wi -Fi in Vail , Ariz. , officials say more homework is getting done , and there 's less rowdy behavior .
Credit ... Joshua Lott for The New York Times
But the idea for the Internet Bus really took shape in the fall , when Mr. Federoff was at home , baby on his lap , and saw an advertisement in an electronics catalog offering a “ Wi - Fi hotspot in your car . ”
“ I thought , what if you could put that in a bus ? ” he said .
The router cost $ 200 , and came with a $ 60 a month Internet service contract .
An early test came in December , when bus No. 92 carried the boys ’ varsity soccer team to a tournament nearly four hours away .
The ride began at 4 a.m. , so many players and coaches slept en route .
But between games , with the bus in a parking lot adjacent to the soccer field , players and coaches sat with laptops , fielding e-mail messages and doing homework  basically turning the bus into a Wi -Fi cafe , said Cody Bingham , the bus driver for the trip .
Mariah Nunes , a sophomore who is a team manager , said she researched an essay on bicycle safety .
“ I used my laptop for pretty much the whole ride , ” Mariah said .
“ It was quieter than it normally would have been .
Everybody was pumped about the games , and there were some rowdy boys .
But the coach said , ‘ Let ’s all be quiet and do some homework . ’
And it was n’t too different from study hall . ”
Ms. Bingham recalled , “ That was the quietest ride I ’ve ever had with high schoolers . ”
Since then , district officials have been delighted to see the amount of homework getting done , morning and evening , as Mr. Johnson picks up and drops off students along the highway that climbs from Vail through the Santa Rita mountains to Sonoita .
The drive takes about 70 minutes each way .
South Australia has just passed a law that will require all Crow Eaters to publish their real name and postcode when making a comment on next month 's state election online -- including blogs , Twitter , Facebook , the ABC and possibly even Crikey .
South Australia recently passed a law that will require all Crow Eaters to publish their real name and postcode when making a comment on next month ’s state election online , and the Adelaide Advertiser has gone balls - to - the - wall with its coverage and outrage today .
Michael McGuire : Labor gags internet debate
South Australia has become one of the few states in the world to censor the internet under laws created by Attorney - General Michael Atkinson .
The new law , which came into force on January 6 , requires internet bloggers , and anyone making a comment on next month ’s state election , to publish their real name and postcode when commenting on the poll .
…
“ The AdelaideNow website is not just a sewer of criminal defamation , it is a sewer of identity theft and fraud , ” Mr Atkinson said .
Thanks for signing up
We look forward to seeing you bright and early with your need - to - know talking points and tidbits for the day ahead .
Get Crikey FREE to your inbox every weekday morning with the Crikey Worm .
Please enter your email address Sign up
Editorial : Censoring free speech in the secret state
South Australia is a state that grants more suppression orders than any other , it is a state where it is acceptable to leave hundreds , if not thousands , of parliamentary questions unanswered for years at a time , where pursuing Freedom of Information requests is nothing short of a battle .
The people of South Australia who elected these MPs of both persuasions are having their rights eroded in the most undemocratic fashion .
Crikey is still waiting on comment and clarification from the South Australian Attorney General ’s office on just how this new law will affect us .
UPDATE : Here is the full legislation :
116 — Published material to identify person responsible for political content ( 1 ) A person must not , during an election period , publish material consisting of , or containing a commentary on , any candidate or political party , or the issues being submitted to electors , in written form , in a journal published in electronic form on the Internet or by radio or television or broadcast on the Internet , unless the material or the programme in which the material is presented contains a statement of the name and address ( not being a post office box ) of a person who takes responsibility for the publication of the material .
Maximum penalty : ( a ) if the offender is a natural person — $ 1 250 ; ( b ) if the offender is a body corporate — $ 5 000 .
( 2 ) This section does not apply to — ( a ) the publication in a journal ( including a journal published in electronic form on the Internet ) of a leading article ; ( b ) the publication of a report of a meeting that does not contain any comment ( other than comment made by a speaker at the meeting ) on any candidate , or political party , or the issues being submitted to electors ; ( c ) the publication in a journal ( including a journal published in electronic form on the Internet ) of an article , letter , report or other matter if — ( i ) the name and address ( not being a post office box ) of a person who takes responsibility for the publication of the material is provided to the publisher of the journal and retained by the publisher for a period of 6 months after the end of the election period ; and ( ii ) the journal contains a statement of the name and postcode of the person who takes responsibility for the publication of the material ; ( ca ) the publication of a letter ( otherwise than as described in paragraph ( c ) ) that contains the name and address ( not being a post office box ) of the author of the letter ; ( d ) a news service or a current affairs programme on radio or television or broadcast on the Internet ; ( e ) any other prescribed material or class of material .
( 3 ) In this section —
journal means a newspaper , magazine or other periodical .
You can download the legislation here [ PDF ] ( Section 116 , page 89 ) .
It was claimed yesterday that Windows 7 machines are " alarmingly low " on memory , with 86 percent of Windows 7 machines using 90 - 95 percent of their physical memory .
Craig Barth , CTO of Devil Mountain Software , a company developing performance monitoring software , cited data from his company 's XPnet community .
Community members use a freely downloadable tool that periodically uploads performance data to the XPnet servers , and it's this data , from a few tens of thousands of computers , that was used to justify the claim .
Having used Windows 7 in one form or another for more than a year , this struck me as a little surprising .
The laptop I use most of the time is no powerhouse — the 1.2GHz Core 2 Duo processor is positively anemic , and the 64GB SSD cramped — but excessive memory usage ( with all the consequent performance problems caused by excessive paging ) has never been one of them .
Sure , the laptop has a full 4GB of RAM , and since I 'm using 64 - bit Windows , all of that 4GB is available to the OS , but even under heavy usage , memory just has n't been a problem .
I installed the XPnet performance monitoring tool and waited for it to upload my data to see what it might be complaining about .
The cause of the problem was immediately apparent .
It 's no secret that Windows 7 , just like Windows Vista before it , includes aggressive disk caching .
The SuperFetch technology causes Windows to preload certain data if the OS detects that it is used regularly , even if there is no specific need for it at any given moment .
Though SuperFetch is a little less aggressive in Windows 7 , it will still use a substantial amount of memory — but with an important proviso .
The OS will only use memory for cache when there is no other demand for that memory .
If an application needs lots of memory then Windows will discard cached data to make it available to the application .
The rationale for this behavior is simple : memory that is currently not used by anything at all is memory that is wasted .
Filling unused system memory with data from the disk just in case that data is useful is much better than leaving the memory unused .
Why ?
Because if that data is needed — and SuperFetch strives to ensure that the data it loads is likely to be needed — having it already in memory means it can be used near - instantly , rather than having to wait tens of milliseconds to load it from disk .
Windows XP , with its " low " memory usage , does nothing like this , thereby " boasting " much higher free memory figures .
But as should be obvious , such figures are nothing to boast about .
Windows XP just allows a large proportion of system memory to go to waste .
Well that 's pretty awful !
Big and red and 100 % used !
So it was little surprise that , upon checking my reported stats on XPnet , I found that I too was in the " alarming " position of having virtually no free memory .
A quick glance at Task Manager revealed the truth .
Though my " free " memory is indeed negligible , this is because so much is used by cache .
The important number is not " free , " but " available . "
The " available " memory includes both memory that is free , and memory that can be trivially made available , and this figure is far more representative of the true amount of memory available to applications .
The vast majority of cached memory can be freed up near - instantly , since it is used up merely by cached data from disk .
The amount of " free " memory is not the only statistic tracked ; the level of pagefile usage is also used , with anything above 5 percent being " bad . "
Most Windows systems , even with ample available memory ( as I have ) will show some degree of pagefile usage , due to the vagaries of some of the ways Windows implements sharing and communication between processes .
It 's a harmless artifact that causes no performance issue in practice .
Oh , but in reality it 's not a big deal at all .
Phew !
Though this " Available " count is new in Windows 7 — Windows Vista 's Task Manager just shows Total , Cached , and Free — this cache behavior is not new .
For the company to misunderstand it ( which it most certainly has ; I doubt the level of free resources on my system has ever dropped to the level the chart shows ) more than three years after Vista became available is quite astonishing .
One might almost think that this whole exercise was simply a cynical ploy .
Allegations of Microsoft bloatware are , of course , nothing new , and oblique references to the old canard that what Intel gives , Microsoft takes away does nothing to dispel the impression that this is another case of Microsoft bashing .
Je n’avais pas ri comme ça depuis longtemps , j’ai toujours adoré les mecs qui dansent de manière ridicule , mais là je pense que c’est un must - watch .
Le mec à 1:55 est absolument fabuleux
Soul Train Line Dance to The O’Jays « Love Train ». Episode # 047 , 1973 .
Line features Fred « Re-Run » Berry from the 70s television hit , « What ’s Happening . »
The Aristarchus Plateau , home to Vallis Schroteri , Herodotus and Aristarchus craters .
Aristarchus is among the moon 's newest and brightest craters .
This image was featured as NASA 's Astronomy Picture of the Day on Nov. 30 , 2007 .
An image from 2005 captured this region at a lower sun angle .
4 October 2007 / captured with the A - P 10 " mak / cassegrain at f30 and DMK 41AF02 firewire webcam .
Greece ’s problems deepened on both sides of the Atlantic as the Federal Reserve disclosed it was investigating Goldman Sachs and other banks that helped the country mask its debts , and investors grew increasingly leery of lending any more money to a nation flirting with default .
Wall Street ’s role in the run-up to the debt crisis has generated criticism and calls for an inquiry from European leaders .
The Fed examination is the first time American regulators will examine the highly profitable if little - known business of supplying custom - made financial instruments to strapped countries on the Continent .
While Greece ’s economic troubles have transfixed world markets for weeks , its problems have snowballed in recent days as workers went to the picket lines to protest budget cuts and the government struggled to raise cash to cover what is Europe ’s largest budget deficit .
Last year , Greece ’s deficit equaled 12.7 percent of gross domestic product .
On Thursday , the Moody ’s ratings agency joined Standard & Poor ’s in warning that it might downgrade Greek government bonds , a move that would increase the premium Athens must pay to borrow .
The move comes at a precarious time for Greece , which must raise 25 billion euros ( $ 34 billion ) over the next few months to avoid a sovereign default that officials fear could cause the finances of other weak European economies to collapse .
Learn how to ATTRACT THE WOMEN YOU'VE ALWAYS WANTED any place , anytime , and in any situation !
Get your FREE E - Course newsletters with hundreds of " amazing " attraction tips and techniques -- A $ 147 VALUE !
Receive regular newsletters for FREE !
Tell Your Friends About Us -- But Not Your Competition .
Wealth , Income , and Power by G. William Domhoff
This document presents details on the wealth and income distributions in the United States , and explains how we use these two distributions as power indicators .
The most striking numbers on income inequality will come last , showing the dramatic change in the ratio of the average CEO 's paycheck to that of the average factory worker over the past 40 years .
First , though , some definitions .
Generally speaking , wealth is the value of everything a person or family owns , minus any debts .
However , for purposes of studying the wealth distribution , economists define wealth in terms of marketable assets , such as real estate , stocks , and bonds , leaving aside consumer durables like cars and household items because they are not as readily converted into cash and are more valuable to their owners for use purposes than they are for resale ( see Wolff , 2004 , p. 4 , for a full discussion of these issues ) .
Once the value of all marketable assets is determined , then all debts , such as home mortgages and credit card debts , are subtracted , which yields a person 's net worth .
In addition , economists use the concept of financial wealth -- also referred to in this document as " non-home wealth " -- which is defined as net worth minus net equity in owner - occupied housing .
As Wolff ( 2004 , p. 5 ) explains , " Financial wealth is a more ' liquid ' concept than marketable wealth , since one 's home is difficult to convert into cash in the short term .
It thus reflects the resources that may be immediately available for consumption or various forms of investments . "
We also need to distinguish wealth from income .
Income is what people earn from work , but also from dividends , interest , and any rents or royalties that are paid to them on properties they own .
In theory , those who own a great deal of wealth may or may not have high incomes , depending on the returns they receive from their wealth , but in reality those at the very top of the wealth distribution usually have the most income .
( But it 's important to note that for the rich , most of that income does not come from " working " : in 2008 , only 19 % of the income reported by the 13,480 individuals or families making over $ 10 million came from wages and salaries .
See Norris , 2010 , for more details . )
This document focuses on the " Top 1 % " as a whole because that 's been the traditional cut - off point for " the top " in academic studies , and because it 's easy for us to keep in mind that we are talking about one in a hundred .
But it is also important to realize that the lower half of that top 1 % has far less than those in the top half ; in fact , both wealth and income are super - concentrated in the top 0.1 % , which is just one in a thousand .
( To get an idea of the differences , take a look at an insider account by a long - time investment manager who works for the well - to - do and very rich .
It nicely explains what the different levels have -- and how they got it .
Also , David Cay Johnston ( 2011 ) has written a column about the differences among the top 1 % , based on 2009 IRS information . )
As you read through the facts and figures that follow , please keep in mind that they are usually two or three years out of date because it takes time for one set of experts to collect the basic information and make sure it is accurate , and then still more time for another set of experts to analyze it and write their reports .
It 's also the case that the infamous housing bubble of the first eight years of the 21st century inflated some of the wealth numbers .
There 's also some general information available on median income and percentage of people below the poverty line in 2010 .
As might be expected , most of the new information shows declines ; in fact , a report from the Center for Economic and Policy Research ( 2011 ) concludes that the decade from 2000 to 2010 was a " lost decade " for most Americans .
One final general point before turning to the specifics .
People who have looked at this document in the past often asked whether progressive taxation reduces some of the income inequality that exists before taxes are paid .
The answer : not by much , if we count all of the taxes that people pay , from sales taxes to property taxes to payroll taxes ( in other words , not just income taxes ) .
And the top 1 % of income earners actually pay a smaller percentage of their incomes to taxes than the 9 % just below them .
These findings are discussed in detail near the end of this document .
Exactly how rich are the Top 1 % ?
People often wonder exactly how much income and / or wealth someone needs to have to be included in the Top 1 % or the Top 20 % ; Table 1 below lists some absolute dollar amounts associated with various income and wealth classes in 2013 , but the important point to keep in mind is that for the most part , it 's the relative positions of wealth holders and income earners that we are trying to comprehend in this document .
Table 1 : Income and net worth in the U.S. by class , 2013 Wealth or income class Mean household income Mean household net worth Top 1 percent $ 1,679,000 $ 18,623,400 Top 20 percent $ 257,200 $ 2,260,300 60th - 80th percentile $ 76,500 $ 236,400 40th - 60th percentile $ 46,000 $ 68,100 Bottom 40 percent $ 20,300 - $ 10,800 From Wolff ( 2014 ) ; only mean figures are available , not medians .
Note that income and wealth are separate measures ; so , for example , the top 1 % of income - earners is not exactly the same group of people as the top 1 % of wealth - holders , although there is considerable overlap .
The Wealth Distribution
In the United States , wealth is highly concentrated in relatively few hands .
As of 2013 , the top 1 % of households ( the upper class ) owned 36.7 % of all privately held wealth , and the next 19 % ( the managerial , professional , and small business stratum ) had 52.2 % , which means that just 20 % of the people owned a remarkable 89 % , leaving only 11 % of the wealth for the bottom 80 % ( wage and salary workers ) .
In terms of financial wealth ( total net worth minus the value of one 's home ) , the top 1 % of households had an even greater share : 42.8 % .
Table 2 and Figure 1 present further details , drawn from the careful work of economist Edward N. Wolff at New York University ( 2017 ) .
Table 2 : Distribution of net worth and financial wealth in the United States , 1983 - 2013 Total Net Worth Top 1 percent Next 19 percent Bottom 80 percent 1983 33.8 % 47.5 % 18.7 % 1989 37.4 % 46.2 % 16.5 % 1992 37.2 % 46.6 % 16.2 % 1995 38.5 % 45.4 % 16.1 % 1998 38.1 % 45.3 % 16.6 % 2001 33.4 % 51.0 % 15.6 % 2004 34.3 % 50.3 % 15.3 % 2007 34.6 % 50.5 % 15.0 % 2010 35.1 % 53.5 % 11.4 % 2013 36.7 % 52.2 % 11.1 % Financial ( Non-Home ) Wealth Top 1 percent Next 19 percent Bottom 80 percent 1983 42.9 % 48.4 % 8.7 % 1989 46.9 % 46.5 % 6.6 % 1992 45.6 % 46.7 % 7.7 % 1995 47.2 % 45.9 % 7.0 % 1998 47.3 % 43.6 % 9.1 % 2001 39.7 % 51.5 % 8.7 % 2004 42.2 % 50.3 % 7.5 % 2007 42.7 % 50.3 % 7.0 % 2010 41.3 % 53.5 % 5.2 % 2013 42.8 % 51.9 % 5.3 % Total assets are defined as the sum of : ( 1 ) the gross value of owner - occupied housing ; ( 2 ) other real estate owned by the household ; ( 3 ) cash and demand deposits ; ( 4 ) time and savings deposits , certificates of deposit , and money market accounts ; ( 5 ) government bonds , corporate bonds , foreign bonds , and other financial securities ; ( 6 ) the cash surrender value of life insurance plans ; ( 7 ) the cash surrender value of pension plans , including IRAs , Keogh , and 401 ( k ) plans ; ( 8 ) corporate stock and mutual funds ; ( 9 ) net equity in unincorporated businesses ; and ( 10 ) equity in trust funds .
Total liabilities are the sum of : ( 1 ) mortgage debt ; ( 2 ) consumer debt , including auto loans ; and ( 3 ) other debt .
From Wolff ( 2017 ) .
Figure 1 : Net worth and financial wealth distribution in the U.S. From Wolff ( 2017 ) .
In terms of types of financial wealth , in 2013 the top one percent of households had 49.8 % of all privately held stock , 54.7 % of financial securities , and 62.8 % of business equity .
The top ten percent had 84 % to 94 % of stocks , bonds , trust funds , and business equity , and almost 80 % of non -home real estate .
Since financial wealth is what counts as far as the control of income - producing assets , we can say that just 10 % of the people own the United States of America ; see Table 3 and Figure 2 for the details .
The only category which is not skewed severely toward the upper class is debt .
Table 3 : Wealth distribution by type of asset , 2013 Investment Assets Top 1 percent Next 9 percent Bottom 90 percent Business equity 62.8 % 31.0 % 6.2 % Financial securities 54.7 % 39.6 % 5.7 % Stocks and mutual funds 49.8 % 41.2 % 9.1 % Trusts 49.5 % 34.0 % 16.5 % Non-home real estate 33.7 % 44.1 % 22.2 % TOTAL investment assets 51.5 % 37.0 % 11.5 % Housing , Liquid Assets , Pension Assets , and Debt Top 1 percent Next 9 percent Bottom 90 percent Principal residence 9.8 % 31.1 % 59.2 % Deposits 24.8 % 42.4 % 32.8 % Life insurance 30.0 % 35.3 % 34.7 % Pension accounts 17.8 % 47.5 % 34.8 % TOTAL other assets 14.5 % 37.6 % 47.9 % Debt 5.4 % 21.1 % 73.5 % From Wolff ( 2014 ) .
Figure 2a : Wealth distribution by type of asset , 2013 : investment assets Figure 2b : Wealth distribution by type of asset , 2013 : other assets From Wolff ( 2014 ) .
There is a perception that a large number of Americans own stock -- through mutual funds , trusts , pensions , or direct purchase of shares .
This is true to some extent : 46 % of American households have direct or indirect investments in the stock market .
But the top 10 % of households own 81 % of the total value of those investments ( Wolff , 2014 ) ; the vast majority have relatively meager holdings .
Inheritance and estate taxes
Figures on inheritance tell much the same story .
According to a study published by the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland , only 1.6 % of Americans receive $ 100,000 or more in inheritance .
Another 1.1 % receive $ 50,000 to $ 100,000 .
On the other hand , 91.9 % receive nothing ( Kotlikoff & Gokhale , 2000 ) .
Thus , the attempt by ultra-conservatives to eliminate inheritance taxes -- which they always call " death taxes " for P.R. reasons -- would take a huge bite out of government revenues ( an estimated $ 253 billion between 2012 and 2022 ) for the benefit of the heirs of the mere 0.6 % of Americans whose death would lead to the payment of any estate taxes whatsoever ( Citizens for Tax Justice , 2010 b ) .
It is noteworthy that some of the richest people in the country oppose this ultra- conservative initiative , suggesting that this effort is driven by anti-government ideology .
In other words , few of the ultra - conservative and libertarian activists behind the effort will benefit from it in any material way .
However , a study ( Kenny et al. , 2006 ) of the financial support for eliminating inheritance taxes discovered that 18 super - rich families ( mostly Republican financial donors , but a few who support Democrats ) provide the anti-government activists with most of the money for this effort .
( For more infomation , including the names of the major donors , download the article from United For a Fair Economy 's Web site . )
Actually , ultra - conservatives and their wealthy financial backers may not have to bother to eliminate what remains of inheritance taxes at the federal level .
The rich already have a new way to avoid inheritance taxes forever -- for generations and generations -- thanks to bankers .
After Congress passed a reform in 1986 making it impossible for a " trust " to skip a generation before paying inheritance taxes , bankers convinced legislatures in many states to eliminate their " rules against perpetuities , " which means that trust funds set up in those states can exist in perpetuity , thereby allowing the trust funds to own new businesses , houses , and much else for descendants of rich people , and even to allow the beneficiaries to avoid payments to creditors when in personal debt or sued for causing accidents and injuries .
About $ 100 billion in trust funds has flowed into those states so far .
You can read the details on these " dynasty trusts " ( which could be the basis for an even more solidified " American aristocracy " ) in a New York Times opinion piece published in July 2010 by Boston College law professor Ray Madoff , who also has a book on this and other new tricks : Immortality and the Law : The Rising Power of the American Dead ( Yale University Press , 2010 ) .
Home ownership & wealth
For the vast majority of Americans , their homes are by far the most significant wealth they possess .
Figure 3 comes from the Federal Reserve Board 's Survey of Consumer Finances ( via Wolff , 2017 ) and compares the median income , total wealth ( net worth , which is marketable assets minus debt ) , and non-home wealth ( which earlier we called financial wealth ) of White , Black , and Hispanic households in the U.S .
Figure 3 : Income and wealth by race in the U.S. From Wolff ( 2017 ) .
All figures adjusted to 2013 US dollars .
Besides illustrating the significance of home ownership as a source of wealth , the graph also shows that Black and Latino households are faring significantly worse overall , whether we are talking about income or net worth .
In 2013 , the average white household had more than 15 times as much total wealth as the average African - American or Latino household .
If we exclude home equity from the calculations and consider only financial wealth , the ratios are more than 200:1 .
Extrapolating from these figures , we see that 65 % of white families ' wealth is in the form of their principal residence ; for Blacks and Hispanics , the figures are close to 90 % .
And for all Americans , things got worse during the " Great Recession " : comparing the 2007 numbers to the 2013 numbers , we can see a huge loss in wealth -- both housing and financial -- for most families , making the gap between the rich and the rest of America even greater , and increasing the number of households with no marketable assets from 18.6 % to 21.8 % ( Wolff , 2012 & 2014 ) .
Do Americans know their country 's wealth distribution ?
An interesting study ( Norton & Ariely , 2010 ) reveals that Americans have no idea that the wealth distribution ( defined for them in terms of " net worth " ) is as concentrated as it is .
When shown three pie charts representing possible wealth distributions , 90 % or more of the 5,522 respondents -- whatever their gender , age , income level , or party affiliation -- thought that the American wealth distribution most resembled one in which the top 20 % has about 60 % of the wealth .
In fact , of course , the top 20 % control 85 % of the wealth .
( Table 2 and Figure 1 in this document show the Top 20 % owning 89 % of the net worth , rather than 85 % ; the discrepancy is mostly due to Ariely & Norton 's data being about 10 years older . )
Even more striking , they did not come close on the amount of wealth held by the bottom 40 % of the population .
It 's a number I have n't even mentioned so far , and it 's shocking : the lowest two quintiles hold just 0.3 % of the wealth in the United States .
Most people in the survey guessed the figure to be between 8 % and 10 % , and two dozen academic economists got it wrong too , by guessing about 2 % -- seven times too high .
Those surveyed did have it about right for what the 20 % in the middle have ; it 's at the top and the bottom that they do n't have any idea of what 's going on .
Americans from all walks of life were also united in their vision of what the " ideal " wealth distribution would be , which may come as an even bigger surprise than their shared misinformation on the actual wealth distribution .
They said that the ideal wealth distribution would be one in which the top 20 % owned between 30 and 40 percent of the privately held wealth , which is a far cry from the 85 percent that the top 20 % actually own .
They also said that the bottom 40 % -- that 's 120 million Americans -- should have between 25 % and 30 % , not the mere 8 % to 10 % they thought this group had , and far above the 0.3 % they actually had .
In fact , there 's no country in the world that has a wealth distribution close to what Americans think is ideal when it comes to fairness .
So maybe Americans are much more egalitarian than most of them realize about each other , at least in principle and before the rat race begins .
Figure 4 , reproduced with permission from Norton & Ariely 's article in Perspectives on Psychological Science , shows the actual wealth distribution , along with the survey respondents ' estimated and ideal distributions , in graphic form .
Figure 4 : The actual United States wealth distribution plotted against the estimated and ideal distributions .
NOTE : In the " Actual " line , the bottom two quintiles are not visible because the lowest quintile owns just 0.1 % of all wealth , and the second - lowest quintile owns 0.2 % .
Source : Norton & Ariely ( 2010 ) .
David Cay Johnston , a retired tax reporter for the New York Times , published an excellent summary of Norton & Ariely 's findings ( Johnston , 2010 b ; you can download the article from Johnston 's Web site ) .
Historical context
Numerous studies show that the wealth distribution has been concentrated throughout American history , with the top 1 % already owning 40 - 50 % in large port cities like Boston , New York , and Charleston in the 1800s .
( But it was n't as bad in the 18th and 19th centuries as it is now , as summarized in a 2012 article in The Atlantic . )
The wealth distribution was fairly stable over the course of the 20th century , although there were small declines in the aftermath of the New Deal and World II , when most people were working and could save a little money .
There were progressive income tax rates , too , which took some money from the rich to help with government services .
Then there was a further decline , or flattening , in the 1970s , but this time in good part due to a fall in stock prices , meaning that the rich lost some of the value in their stocks .
By the late 1980s , however , the wealth distribution was almost as concentrated as it had been in 1929 , when the top 1 % had 44.2 % of all wealth .
It has continued to edge up since that time , with a slight decline from 1998 to 2001 , before the economy crashed in the late 2000s and little people got pushed down again .
Table 4 and Figure 5 present the details from 1922 through 2010 .
Table 4 : Share of wealth held by the Bottom 99 % and Top 1 % in the United States , 1922 - 2013 .
Bottom 99 percent Top 1 percent 1922 63.3 % 36.7 % 1929 55.8 % 44.2 % 1933 66.7 % 33.3 % 1939 63.6 % 36.4 % 1945 70.2 % 29.8 % 1949 72.9 % 27.1 % 1953 68.8 % 31.2 % 1962 68.2 % 31.8 % 1965 65.6 % 34.4 % 1969 68.9 % 31.1 % 1972 70.9 % 29.1 % 1976 80.1 % 19.9 % 1979 79.5 % 20.5 % 1981 75.2 % 24.8 % 1983 69.1 % 30.9 % 1986 68.1 % 31.9 % 1989 64.3 % 35.7 % 1992 62.8 % 37.2 % 1995 61.5 % 38.5 % 1998 61.9 % 38.1 % 2001 66.6 % 33.4 % 2004 65.7 % 34.3 % 2007 65.4 % 34.6 % 2010 64.6 % 35.4 % 2013 63.3 % 36.7 % Sources : 1922-1989 data from Wolff ( 1996 ) .
1992-2013 data from Wolff ( 2014 ) .
Figure 5 : Share of wealth held by the Bottom 99 % and Top 1 % in the United States , 1922 - 2013 .
Here are some dramatic facts that sum up how the wealth distribution became even more concentrated between 1983 and 2004 , in good part due to the tax cuts for the wealthy and the defeat of labor unions :
Of all the new financial wealth created by the American economy in that 21 - year - period , fully 42 % of it went to the top 1 % .
A whopping 94 % went to the top 20 % , which of course means that the bottom 80 % received only 6 % of all the new financial wealth generated in the United States during the ' 80s , '90s , and early 2000s ( Wolff , 2007 ) .
The rest of the world
Thanks to a 2006 study by the World Institute for Development Economics Research -- using statistics for the year 2000 -- we now have information on the wealth distribution for the world as a whole , which can be compared to the United States and other well - off countries .
The authors of the report admit that the quality of the information available on many countries is very spotty and probably off by several percentage points , but they compensate for this problem with very sophisticated statistical methods and the use of different sets of data .
With those caveats in mind , we can still safely say that the top 10 % of the world 's adults control about 85 % of global household wealth -- defined very broadly as all assets ( not just financial assets ) , minus debts .
That compares with a figure of 69.8 % for the top 10 % for the United States .
The only industrialized democracy with a higher concentration of wealth in the top 10 % than the United States is Switzerland at 71.3 % .
For the figures for several other Northern European countries and Canada , all of which are based on high - quality data , see Table 5 .
Table 5 : Percentage of wealth held in 2000 by the Top 10 % of the adult population in various Western countries wealth owned
by top 10 % Switzerland 71.3 % United States 69.8 % Denmark 65.0 % France 61.0 % Sweden 58.6 % UK 56.0 % Canada 53.0 % Norway 50.5 % Germany 44.4 % Finland 42.3 %
The Relationship Between Wealth and Power
What 's the relationship between wealth and power ?
To avoid confusion , let 's be sure we understand they are two different issues .
Wealth , as I 've said , refers to the value of everything people own , minus what they owe , but the focus is on " marketable assets " for purposes of economic and power studies .
Power , as explained elsewhere on this site , has to do with the ability ( or call it capacity ) to realize wishes , or reach goals , which amounts to the same thing , even in the face of opposition ( Russell , 1938 ; Wrong , 1995 ) .
Some definitions refine this point to say that power involves Person A or Group A affecting Person B or Group B " in a manner contrary to B's interests , " which then necessitates a discussion of " interests , " and quickly leads into the realm of philosophy ( Lukes , 2005 , p. 30 ) .
Leaving those discussions for the philosophers , at least for now , how do the concepts of wealth and power relate ?
First , wealth can be seen as a " resource " that is very useful in exercising power .
That 's obvious when we think of donations to political parties , payments to lobbyists , and grants to experts who are employed to think up new policies beneficial to the wealthy .
Wealth also can be useful in shaping the general social environment to the benefit of the wealthy , whether through hiring public relations firms or donating money for universities , museums , music halls , and art galleries .
Second , certain kinds of wealth , such as stock ownership , can be used to control corporations , which of course have a major impact on how the society functions .
Tables 6a and 6 b show what the distribution of stock ownership looks like .
Note how the top one percent 's share of stock equity increased ( and the bottom 80 percent 's share decreased ) between 2001 and 2010 .
Table 6a : Concentration of stock ownership in the United States , 2001 - 2010 Percent of all stock owned : Wealth class 2001 2004 2007 2010 Top 1 % 33.5 % 36.7 % 38.3 % 35.0 % Next 19 % 55.8 % 53.9 % 52.8 % 56.6 % Bottom 80 % 10.7 % 9.4 % 8.9 % 8.4 % Table 6 b : Amount of stock owned by various wealth classes in the U.S. , 2010 Percent of households owning stocks worth : Wealth class $ 0 ( no stocks ) $ 1-$ 9,999 $ 10,000 or more Top 1 % 5.1 % 0.6 % 94.3 % 95-99 % 6.9 % 4.0 % 89.1 % 90-95 % 11.8 % 4.8 % 83.4 % 80-90 % 21.0 % 8.5 % 70.5 % 60 - 80 % 41.3 % 15.6 % 44.1 % 40-60 % 55.4 % 19.9 % 24.7 % 20 - 40 % 76.1 % 17.4 % 6.5 % Bottom 20 % 79.2 % 17.3 % 4.5 % TOTAL 53.1 % 17.5 % 31.6 % Both tables ' data derived from Wolff ( 2007 , 2010 , & 2012 ) .
Includes direct ownership of stock shares and indirect ownership through mutual funds , trusts , and IRAs , Keogh plans , 401 ( k ) plans , and other retirement accounts .
All figures are in 2010 dollars .
Third , just as wealth can lead to power , so too can power lead to wealth .
Those who control a government can use their position to feather their own nests , whether that means a favorable land deal for relatives at the local level or a huge federal government contract for a new corporation run by friends who will hire you when you leave government .
If we take a larger historical sweep and look cross-nationally , we are well aware that the leaders of conquering armies often grab enormous wealth , and that some religious leaders use their positions to acquire wealth .
There 's a fourth way that wealth and power relate .
For research purposes , the wealth distribution can be seen as the main " value distribution " within the general power indicator I call " who benefits . "
What follows in the next three paragraphs is a little long - winded , I realize , but it needs to be said because some social scientists -- primarily pluralists -- argue that who wins and who loses in a variety of policy conflicts is the only valid power indicator ( Dahl , 1957 , 1958 ; Polsby , 1980 ) .
And philosophical discussions do n't even mention wealth or other power indicators ( Lukes , 2005 ) .
( If you have heard it all before , or can do without it , feel free to skip ahead to the last paragraph of this section )
Here 's the argument : if we assume that most people would like to have as great a share as possible of the things that are valued in the society , then we can infer that those who have the most goodies are the most powerful .
Although some value distributions may be unintended outcomes that do not really reflect power , as pluralists are quick to tell us , the general distribution of valued experiences and objects within a society still can be viewed as the most publicly visible and stable outcome of the operation of power .
In American society , for example , wealth and well - being are highly valued .
People seek to own property , to have high incomes , to have interesting and safe jobs , to enjoy the finest in travel and leisure , and to live long and healthy lives .
All of these " values " are unequally distributed , and all may be utilized as power indicators .
However , the primary focus with this type of power indicator is on the wealth distribution sketched out in the previous section .
The argument for using the wealth distribution as a power indicator is strengthened by studies showing that such distributions vary historically and from country to country , depending upon the relative strength of rival political parties and trade unions , with the United States having the most highly concentrated wealth distribution of any Western democracy except Switzerland .
For example , in a study based on 18 Western democracies , strong trade unions and successful social democratic parties correlated with greater equality in the income distribution and a higher level of welfare spending ( Stephens , 1979 ) .
And now we have arrived at the point I want to make .
If the top 1 % of households have 30 - 35 % of the wealth , that 's 30 to 35 times what they would have if wealth were equally distributed , and so we infer that they must be powerful .
And then we set out to see if the same set of households scores high on other power indicators ( it does ) .
Next we study how that power operates , which is what most articles on this site are about .
Furthermore , if the top 20 % have 84 % of the wealth ( and recall that 10 % have 85 % to 90 % of the stocks , bonds , trust funds , and business equity ) , that means that the United States is a power pyramid .
It 's tough for the bottom 80 % -- maybe even the bottom 90 % -- to get organized and exercise much power .
Income and Power
The income distribution also can be used as a power indicator .
As Table 7 shows , it is not as concentrated as the wealth distribution , but the top 1 % of income earners did receive 17.2 % of all income in 2009 .
That 's up from 12.8 % for the top 1 % in 1982 , which is quite a jump , and it parallels what is happening with the wealth distribution .
This is further support for the inference that the power of the corporate community and the upper class have been increasing in recent decades .
Table 7 : Distribution of income in the United States , 1982 - 2006 Income Top 1 percent Next 19 percent Bottom 80 percent 1982 12.8 % 39.1 % 48.1 % 1988 16.6 % 38.9 % 44.5 % 1991 15.7 % 40.7 % 43.7 % 1994 14.4 % 40.8 % 44.9 % 1997 16.6 % 39.6 % 43.8 % 2000 20.0 % 38.7 % 41.4 % 2003 17.0 % 40.8 % 42.2 % 2006 21.3 % 40.1 % 38.6 % 2009 17.2 % 41.9 % 40.9 % From Wolff ( 2012 ) .
The rising concentration of income can be seen in a special New York Times analysis by David Cay Johnston of an Internal Revenue Service report on income in 2004 .
Although overall income had grown by 27 % since 1979 , 33 % of the gains went to the top 1 % .
Meanwhile , the bottom 60 % were making less : about 95 cents for each dollar they made in 1979 .
The next 20 % - those between the 60th and 80th rungs of the income ladder -- made $ 1.02 for each dollar they earned in 1979 .
Furthermore , Johnston concludes that only the top 5 % made significant gains ( $ 1.53 for each 1979 dollar ) .
Most amazing of all , the top 0.1 % -- that 's one - tenth of one percent -- had more combined pre-tax income than the poorest 120 million people ( Johnston , 2006 ) .
But the increase in what is going to the few at the top did not level off , even with all that .
As of 2007 , income inequality in the United States was at an all - time high for the past 95 years , with the top 0.01 % -- that 's one - hundredth of one percent -- receiving 6 % of all U.S. wages , which is double what it was for that tiny slice in 2000 ; the top 10 % received 49.7 % , the highest since 1917 ( Saez , 2009 ) .
However , in an analysis of 2008 tax returns for the top 0.2 % -- that is , those whose income tax returns reported $ 1,000,000 or more in income ( mostly from individuals , but nearly a third from couples ) -- it was found that they received 13 % of all income , down slightly from 16.1 % in 2007 due to the decline in payoffs from financial assets ( Norris , 2010 ) .
And the rate of increase is even higher for the very richest of the rich : the top 400 income earners in the United States .
According to another analysis by Johnston ( 2010a ) , the average income of the top 400 tripled during the Clinton Administration and doubled during the first seven years of the Bush Administration .
So by 2007 , the top 400 averaged $ 344.8 million per person , up 31 % from an average of $ 263.3 million just one year earlier .
( For another recent revealing study by Johnston , read " Is Our Tax System Helping Us Create Wealth ? " ) .
How are these huge gains possible for the top 400 ?
It 's due to cuts in the tax rates on capital gains and dividends , which were down to a mere 15 % in 2007 thanks to the tax cuts proposed by the Bush Administration and passed by Congress in 2003 .
Since almost 75 % of the income for the top 400 comes from capital gains and dividends , it 's not hard to see why tax cuts on income sources available to only a tiny percent of Americans mattered greatly for the high - earning few .
Overall , the effective tax rate on high incomes fell by 7 % during the Clinton presidency and 6 % in the Bush era , so the top 400 had a tax rate of 20 % or less in 2007 , far lower than the marginal tax rate of 35 % that the highest income earners ( over $ 372,650 ) supposedly pay .
It 's also worth noting that only the first $ 106,800 of a person 's income is taxed for Social Security purposes ( as of 2010 ) , so it would clearly be a boon to the Social Security Fund if everyone -- not just those making less than $ 106,800 -- paid the Social Security tax on their full incomes .
Do Taxes Redistribute Income ?
It is widely believed that taxes are highly progressive and , furthermore , that the top several percent of income earners pay most of the taxes received by the federal government .
Both ideas are wrong because they focus on official , rather than " effective " tax rates and ignore payroll taxes , which are mostly paid by those with incomes below $ 100,000 per year .
But what matters in terms of a power analysis is what percentage of their income people at different income levels pay to all levels of government ( federal , state , and local ) in taxes .
If the less - well - off majority is somehow able to wield power , we would expect that the high earners would pay a bigger percentage of their income in taxes , because the majority figures the well - to - do would still have plenty left after taxes to make new investments and lead the good life .
If the high earners have the most power , we 'd expect them to pay about the same as everybody else , or less .
Citizens for Tax Justice , a research group that 's been studying tax issues from its offices in Washington since 1979 , provides the information we need .
When all taxes ( not just income taxes ) are taken into account , the lowest 20 % of earners ( who average about $ 12,400 per year ) , paid 16.0 % of their income to taxes in 2009 ; and the next 20 % ( about $ 25,000 / year ) , paid 20.5 % in taxes .
So if we only examine these first two steps , the tax system looks like it is going to be progressive .
And it keeps looking progressive as we move further up the ladder : the middle 20 % ( about $ 33,400 / year ) give 25.3 % of their income to various forms of taxation , and the next 20 % ( about $ 66,000 / year ) pay 28.5 % .
So taxes are progressive for the bottom 80 % .
But if we break the top 20 % down into smaller chunks , we find that progressivity starts to slow down , then it stops , and then it slips backwards for the top 1 % .
Specifically , the next 10 % ( about $ 100,000 / year ) pay 30.2 % of their income as taxes ; the next 5 % ( $ 141,000 / year ) dole out 31.2 % of their earnings for taxes ; and the next 4 % ( $ 245,000 / year ) pay 31.6 % to taxes .
You 'll note that the progressivity is slowing down .
As for the top 1 % -- those who take in $ 1.3 million per year on average -- they pay 30.8 % of their income to taxes , which is a little less than what the 9 % just below them pay , and only a tiny bit more than what the segment between the 80th and 90th percentile pays .
What I 've just explained with words can be seen more clearly in Figure 6 .
Figure 6 : Share of income paid as tax , including local and state tax Source : Citizens for Tax Justice ( 2010a ) .
We also can look at this information on income and taxes in another way by asking what percentage of all taxes various income levels pay .
( This is not the same as the previous question , which asked what percentage of their incomes went to taxes for people at various income levels . )
And the answer to this new question can be found in Figure 7 .
For example , the top 20 % receives 59.1 % of all income and pays 64.3 % of all the taxes , so they are n't carrying a huge extra burden .
At the other end , the bottom 20 % , which receives 3.5 % of all income , pays 1.9 % of all taxes .
Figure 7 : Share of all income earned and all taxes paid , by quintile Source : Citizens for Tax Justice ( 2010a ) .
So the best estimates that can be put together from official government numbers show a little bit of progressivity .
But the details on those who earn millions of dollars each year are very hard to come by , because they can stash a large part of their wealth in off - shore tax havens in the Caribbean and little countries in Europe , starting with Switzerland .
And there are many loopholes and gimmicks they can use , as summarized with striking examples in Free Lunch and Perfectly Legal , the books by Johnston that were mentioned earlier .
For example , Johnston explains the ways in which high earners can hide their money and delay on paying taxes , and then invest for a profit what normally would be paid in taxes .
Income inequality in other countries
The degree of income inequality in the United States can be compared to that in other countries on the basis of the Gini coefficient , a mathematical ratio that allows economists to put all countries on a scale with values that range ( hypothetically ) from zero ( everyone in the country has the same income ) to 100 ( one person in the country has all the income ) .
On this widely used measure , the United States ends up 95th out of the 134 countries that have been studied -- that is , only 39 of the 134 countries have worse income inequality .
The U.S. has a Gini index of 45.0 ; Sweden is the lowest with 23.0 , and South Africa is near the top with 65.0 .
The table that follows displays the scores for 22 major countries , along with their ranking in the longer list of 134 countries that were studied ( most of the other countries are very small and / or very poor ) .
In examining this table , remember that it does not measure the same thing as Table 5 earlier in this document , which was about the wealth distribution .
Here we are looking at the income distribution , so the two tables wo n't match up as far as rankings .
That 's because a country can have a highly concentrated wealth distribution and still have a more equal distribution of income due to high taxes on top income earners and / or high minimum wages -- both Switzerland and Sweden follow this pattern .
So one thing that 's distinctive about the U.S. compared to other industrialized democracies is that both its wealth and income distributions are highly concentrated .
Table 8 : Income equality in selected countries Country / Overall Rank Gini Coefficient 1 . Sweden 23.0 2 . Norway 25.0 8 . Austria 26.0 10 .
Germany 27.0 17 . Denmark 29.0 25 .
Australia 30.5 34 .
Italy 32.0 35 .
Canada 32.1 37 .
France 32.7 42 . Switzerland 33.7 43 .
United Kingdom 34.0 45 . Egypt 34.4 56 .
India 36.8 61 . Japan 38.1 68 . Israel 39.2 81 . China 41.5 82 . Russia 42.3 90 .
Iran 44.5 93 .
United States 45.0 107 . Mexico 48.2 125 . Brazil 56.7 133 . South Africa 65.0 Note :
These figures reflect family / household income , not individual income .
Source : Central Intelligence Agency ( 2010 ) .
The differences in income inequality between countries also can be illustrated by looking at the share of income earned by the now - familiar Top 1 % versus the Bottom 99 % .
One of the most striking contrasts is between Sweden and the United States from 1950 to 2009 , as seen in Figure 8 ; and note that the differences between the two countries narrowed in the 1950s and 1960s , but after that went their separate ways , in rather dramatic fashion .
Figure 8 : Top income shares in the U.S. and Sweden , 1950 - 2009 Source : Alvaredo et al. ( 2012 ) , World Top Incomes Database
The impact of " transfer payments "
As we 've seen , taxes do n't have much impact on the income distribution , especially when we look at the top 1 % or top 0.1 % .
Nor do various kinds of tax breaks and loopholes have much impact on the income distribution overall .
That 's because the tax deductions that help those with lower incomes -- such as the Earned Income Tax Credit ( EITC ) , tax forgiveness for low - income earners on Social Security , and tax deductions for dependent children -- are offset by the breaks for high - income earners ( for example : dividends and capital gains are only taxed at a rate of 15 % ; there 's no tax on the interest earned from state and municipal bonds ; and 20 % of the tax deductions taken for dependent children actually go to people earning over $ 100,000 a year ) .
But it is sometimes said that income inequality is reduced significantly by government programs that matter very much in the lives of low - income Americans .
These programs provide " transfer payments , " which are a form of income for those in need .
They include unemployment compensation , cash payments to the elderly who do n't have enough to live on from Social Security , Temporary Assistance to Needy Families ( welfare ) , food stamps , and Medicaid .
Thomas Hungerford ( 2009 ) , a tax expert who works for the federal government 's Congressional Research Service , carried out a study for Congress that tells us about the real - world impact of transfer payments on reducing income inequality .
Hungerford 's study is based on 2004 income data from an ongoing study of a representative sample of families at the University of Michigan , and it includes the effects of both taxes and four types of transfer payments ( Social Security , Temporary Assistance to Needy Families , food stamps , and Medicaid ) .
The table that follows shows the income inequality index ( that is , the Gini coefficient ) at three points along the way : ( 1. ) before taxes or transfers ; ( 2 ) after taxes are taken into account ; and ( 3 ) after both taxes and transfer payments are included in the equation .
( The Citizens for Tax Justice study of income and taxes for 2009 , discussed earlier , included transfer payments as income , so that study and Hungerford 's have similar starting points .
But they can't be directly compared , because they use different years . )
Table 9 : Redistributive effect of taxes and transfer payments Income definition Gini index Before taxes and transfers 0.5116
After taxes , before transfers 0.4774
After taxes and transfers 0.4284 Source : Congressional Research Service , adapted from Hungerford ( 2009 ) .
As can be seen , Hungerford 's findings first support what we had learned earlier from the Citizens for Tax Justice study : taxes do n't do much to reduce inequality .
They secondly reveal that transfer payments have a slightly larger impact on inequality than taxes , but not much .
Third , his findings tell us that taxes and transfer payments together reduce the inequality index from .52 to .43 , which is very close to the CIA 's estimate of .45 for 2008 .
In short , for those who ask if progressive taxes and transfer payments even things out to a significant degree , the answer is that while they have some effect , they do n't do nearly as much as in Canada , major European countries , or Japan .
Income Ratios and Power : Executives vs. Average Workers
Another way that income can be used as a power indicator is by comparing average CEO annual pay to average factory worker pay , something that has been done for many years by Business Week and , later , the Associated Press .
The ratio of CEO pay to factory worker pay rose from 42:1 in 1960 to as high as 531:1 in 2000 , at the height of the stock market bubble , when CEOs were cashing in big stock options .
It was at 411:1 in 2005 and 344:1 in 2007 , according to research by United for a Fair Economy .
By way of comparison , the same ratio is about 25:1 in Europe .
The changes in the American ratio from 1960 to 2007 are displayed in Figure 9 , which is based on data from several hundred of the largest corporations .
Figure 9 : CEOs ' pay as a multiple of the average worker 's pay , 1960 - 2007 Source : Executive Excess 2008 , the 15th Annual CEO Compensation Survey from the Institute for Policy Studies and United for a Fair Economy .
It 's even more revealing to compare the actual rates of increase of the salaries of CEOs and ordinary workers ; from 1990 to 2005 , CEOs ' pay increased almost 300 % ( adjusted for inflation ) , while production workers gained a scant 4.3 % .
The purchasing power of the federal minimum wage actually declined by 9.3 % , when inflation is taken into account .
These startling results are illustrated in Figure 10 .
Figure 10 : CEOs ' average pay , production workers ' average pay , the S&P 500 Index , corporate profits , and the federal minimum wage , 1990 - 2005 ( all figures adjusted for inflation ) Source : Executive Excess 2006 , the 13th Annual CEO Compensation Survey from the Institute for Policy Studies and United for a Fair Economy .
Although some of the information I 've relied upon to create this section on executives ' vs. workers ' pay is a few years old now , the AFL / CIO provides up - to - date information on CEO salaries at their Web site .
There , you can learn that the median compensation for CEO 's in all industries as of early 2010 is $ 3.9 million ; it 's $ 10.6 million for the companies listed in Standard and Poor 's 500 , and $ 19.8 million for the companies listed in the Dow - Jones Industrial Average .
Since the median worker 's pay is about $ 36,000 , then you can quickly calculate that CEOs in general make 100 times as much as the workers , that CEO's of S&P 500 firms make almost 300 times as much , and that CEOs at the Dow - Jones companies make 550 times as much .
( For a more recent update on CEOs ' pay , see " The Drought Is Over ( At Least for CEOs ) " at NYTimes.com ; the article reports that the median compensation for CEOs at 200 major companies was $ 9.6 million in 2010 -- up by about 12 % over 2009 and generally equal to or surpassing pre-recession levels .
For specific information about some of the top CEOs , see http://projects.nytimes.com /executive_compensation .
If you wonder how such a large gap could develop , the proximate , or most immediate , factor involves the way in which CEOs now are able to rig things so that the board of directors , which they help select -- and which includes some fellow CEOs on whose boards they sit -- gives them the pay they want .
The trick is in hiring outside experts , called " compensation consultants , " who give the process a thin veneer of economic respectability .
The process has been explained in detail by a retired CEO of DuPont , Edgar S. Woolard , Jr. , who is now chair of the New York Stock Exchange 's executive compensation committee .
His experience suggests that he knows whereof he speaks , and he speaks because he 's concerned that corporate leaders are losing respect in the public mind .
He says that the business page chatter about CEO salaries being set by the competition for their services in the executive labor market is " bull . "
As to the claim that CEOs deserve ever higher salaries because they " create wealth , " he describes that rationale as a " joke , " says the New York Times ( Morgenson , 2005 ) .
Here 's how it works , according to Woolard :
The compensation committee [ of the board of directors ] talks to an outside consultant who has surveys you could drive a truck through and pay anything you want to pay , to be perfectly honest .
The outside consultant talks to the human resources vice president , who talks to the CEO .
The CEO says what he'd like to receive .
It gets to the human resources person who tells the outside consultant .
And it pretty well works out that the CEO gets what he 's implied he thinks he deserves , so he will be respected by his peers .
( Morgenson , 2005 . )
The board of directors buys into what the CEO asks for because the outside consultant is an " expert " on such matters .
Furthermore , handing out only modest salary increases might give the wrong impression about how highly the board values the CEO .
And if someone on the board should object , there are the three or four CEOs from other companies who will make sure it happens .
It is a process with a built - in escalator .
As for why the consultants go along with this scam , they know which side their bread is buttered on .
They realize the CEO has a big say - so on whether or not they are hired again .
So they suggest a package of salaries , stock options and other goodies that they think will please the CEO , and they , too , get rich in the process .
And certainly the top executives just below the CEO do n't mind hearing about the boss 's raise .
They know it will mean pay increases for them , too .
( For an excellent detailed article on the main consulting firm that helps CEOs and other corporate executives raise their pay , check out the New York Times article entitled " America 's Corporate Pay Pal " , which supports everything Woolard of DuPont claims and adds new information . )
If hiring a consulting firm does n't do the trick as far as raising CEO pay , then it may be possible for the CEO to have the board change the way in which the success of the company is determined .
For example , Walmart Stores , Inc. used to link the CEO 's salary to sales figures at established stores .
But when declining sales no longer led to big pay raises , the board simply changed the magic formula to use total companywide sales instead .
By that measure , the CEO could still receive a pay hike ( Morgenson , 2011 ) .
There 's a much deeper power story that underlies the self - dealing and mutual back - scratching by CEOs now carried out through interlocking directorates and seemingly independent outside consultants .
It probably involves several factors .
At the least , on the workers ' side , it reflects their loss of power following the all - out attack on unions in the 1960s and 1970s , which is explained in detail in an excellent book by James Gross ( 1995 ) , a labor and industrial relations professor at Cornell .
That decline in union power made possible and was increased by both outsourcing at home and the movement of production to developing countries , which were facilitated by the break - up of the New Deal coalition and the rise of the New Right ( Domhoff , 1990 , Chapter 10 ) .
It signals the shift of the United States from a high - wage to a low - wage economy , with professionals protected by the fact that foreign - trained doctors and lawyers are n't allowed to compete with their American counterparts in the direct way that low - wage foreign - born workers are .
( You also can read a quick version of my explanation for the " right turn " that led to changes in the wealth and income distributions in an article on this site , where it is presented in the context of criticizing the explanations put forward by other theorists . )
On the other side of the class divide , the rise in CEO pay may reflect the increasing power of chief executives as compared to major owners and stockholders in general , not just their increasing power over workers .
CEOs may now be the center of gravity in the corporate community and the power elite , displacing the leaders in wealthy owning families ( e.g. , the second and third generations of the Walton family , the owners of Walmart ) .
True enough , the CEOs are sometimes ousted by their generally go - along boards of directors , but they are able to make hay and throw their weight around during the time they are king of the mountain .
The claims made in the previous paragraph need much further investigation .
But they demonstrate the ideas and research directions that are suggested by looking at the wealth and income distributions as indicators of power .
Further Information
References
AFL - CIO ( 2010 ) .
Executive PayWatch : CEO Pay Database : Compensation by Industry .
Retrieved February 8 , 2010 from http://www.aflcio.org/
corporatewatch / paywatch / ceou/industry.cfm .
Alvaredo , F. , Atkinson , T. , Piketty , T. , & Saez , E. ( 2012 ) .
World Top Incomes Database .
Retrieved March 14 , 2012 from http://g-mond.parisschoolofeconomics.eu/ topincomes / .
Anderson , S. , Cavanagh , J. , Collins , C. , Lapham , M. , & Pizzigati , S. ( 2008 ) .
Executive Excess 2008 : How Average Taxpayers Subsidize Runaway Pay .
Washington , DC : Institute for Policy Studies / United for a Fair Economy .
Anderson , S. , Cavanagh , J. , Collins , C. , Lapham , M. , & Pizzigati , S. ( 2007 ) .
Executive Excess 2007 : The Staggering Social Cost of U.S. Business Leadership .
Washington , DC : Institute for Policy Studies / United for a Fair Economy .
Anderson , S. , Benjamin , E. , Cavanagh , J. , & Collins , C. ( 2006 ) .
Executive Excess 2006 : Defense and Oil Executives Cash in on Conflict .
Washington , DC : Institute for Policy Studies / United for a Fair Economy .
Anderson , S. , Cavanagh , J. , Klinger , S. , & Stanton , L. ( 2005 ) .
Executive Excess 2005 : Defense Contractors Get More Bucks for the Bang . Washington , DC : Institute for Policy Studies / United for a Fair Economy .
Center for Economic and Policy Research ( 2011 ) .
New Census Numbers Make it Official : 2000 - 2010 Was a Lost Economic Decade .
Retrieved October 25 , 2011 from http://www.cepr.net/data-bytes/poverty-bytes/ new-census-numbers-make-it-official-
2000-2010-was-lost-economic-decade .
Central Intelligence Agency ( 2010 ) .
World Factbook : Country Comparison : Distribution of family income - Gini index .
Retrieved October 26 , 2010 from https://www.cia.gov/library/publications/the-world-factbook/rankorder/2172rank.html.
Citizens for Tax Justice ( 2010 b ) .
State - by - State Estate Tax Figures : Number of Deaths Resulting in Estate Tax Liability Continues to Drop. Retrieved December 13 , 2010 from http://www.ctj.org/pdf/estatetax2010.pdf.
Citizens for Tax Justice ( 2010a ) .
All Americans Pay Taxes .
Retrieved April 15 , 2010 from http://www.ctj.org/pdf/taxday2010.pdf.
Dahl , R. A. ( 1957 ) .
The concept of power .
Behavioral Science , 2 , 202-210 .
Dahl , R. A. ( 1958 ) .
A critique of the ruling elite model .
American Political Science Review , 52 , 463-469 .
Davies , J. B. , Sandstrom , S. , Shorrocks , A. , & Wolff , E. N. ( 2006 ) .
The World Distribution of Household Wealth .
Helsinki : World Institute for Development Economics Research .
Domhoff , G. W. ( 1990 ) .
The Power Elite and the State : How Policy Is Made in America .
Hawthorne , NY : Aldine de Gruyter .
Gross , J. A. ( 1995 ) .
Broken Promise : The Subversion of U.S. Labor Relations Policy .
Philadelphia : Temple University Press .
Hungerford , T. ( 2009 ) .
Redistribution effects of federal taxes and selected tax provisions .
Washington : Congressional Research Service .
Johnston , D. C. ( 2011 ) .
Beyond the 1 percent .
Retrieved November 7 , 2011 from http://blogs.reuters.com/
david-cay - johnston / 2011/10/25 / beyond - the - 1- percent / .
Johnston , D. C. ( 2010 b ) .
United in Our Delusion .
Retrieved October 12 , 2010 from http://www.taxanalysts.com/ taxcom / taxblog.nsf / Permalink / UBEN - 8A6TUW ?OpenDocument .
Johnston , D. C. ( 2010a ) .
Tax Rates for Top 400 Earners Fall as Income Soars , IRS Data .
Retrieved February 23 , 2010 from http://www.taxanalysts.com/ www/ features.nsf /
Articles / 4862392C0AC24550852576CD0077FEA7 ?OpenDocument .
Johnston , D. C. ( 2009 , December 21 ) .
Is Our Tax System Helping Us Create Wealth ?
Tax Notes , pp. 1375-1377 .
Johnston , D. C. ( 2006 , November 28 ) .
' 04 Income in U.S. Was Below 2000 Level . New York Times , p. C - 1 .
Keister , L. ( 2005 ) .
Getting Rich : A Study of Wealth Mobility in America .
New York : Cambridge University Press .
Kenny , C. , Lincoln , T. , Collins , C. , & Farris , L. ( 2006 ) .
Spending Millions to Save Billions : The Campaign of the Super Wealthy to Kill the Estate Tax .
Washington , DC : Public Citizen / United for a Fair Economy .
Kotlikoff , L. , & Gokhale , J. ( 2000 ) .
The Baby Boomers ' Mega - Inheritance : Myth or Reality ?
Cleveland : Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland .
Lukes , S. ( 2005 ) .
Power : A Radical View ( Second ed. ) .
New York : Palgrave .
Madoff , R. D. ( 2010 , July 12 ) .
America Builds an Aristocracy .
New York Times , p. A - 19 .
Morgenson , G. ( 2011 , May 8 ) .
Moving the goal posts on pay .
New York Times , Section BU , p. 1 .
Morgenson , G. ( 2005 , October 23 ) .
How to slow runaway executive pay .
New York Times , Section 3 , p. 1 .
Norris , F. ( 2010 , July 24 ) .
Off the Charts : In '08 Downturn , Some Managed to Eke Out Millions .
New York Times , p. B - 3 .
Norton , M. I. , & Ariely , D. ( 2010 , forthcoming ) .
Building a better America - one wealth quintile at a time .
Perspectives on Psychological Science .
Polsby , N. ( 1980 ) .
Community Power and Political Theory ( Second ed. ) .
New Haven , CT : Yale University Press .
Russell , B. ( 1938 ) .
Power : A New Social Analysis .
London : Allen and Unwin .
Saez , E. ( 2009 ) .
Striking It Richer : The Evolution of Top Incomes in the United States ( Update with 2007 Estimates ) .
Retrieved August 28 , 2009 from http://elsa.berkeley.edu/
~saez / saez - UStopincomes-2007.pdf .
Saez , E. , & Piketty , T. ( 2003 ) .
Income Inequality in the United States , 1913 - 1998 .
Quarterly Journal of Economics , 118 , 1-39 .
Shapiro , I. , & Friedman , J. ( 2006 ) .
New , Unnoticed CBO Data Show Capital Income Has Become Much More Concentrated at the Top. Washington , DC : Center on Budget and Policy Priorities .
Stephens , J. ( 1979 ) .
The Transition from Capitalism to Socialism .
London : Macmillan .
Wolff , E. N. ( 1996 ) .
Top Heavy .
New York : The New Press .
Wolff , E. N. ( 2004 ) .
Changes in household wealth in the 1980s and 1990s in the U.S. Working Paper No. 407 .
Annandale - on - Hudson , NY : The Levy Economics Institute of Bard College .
Wolff , E. N. ( 2007 ) .
Recent trends in household wealth in the United States : Rising debt and the middle - class squeeze .
Working Paper No. 502 .
Annandale - on - Hudson , NY : The Levy Economics Institute of Bard College .
Wolff , E. N. ( 2010 ) .
Recent trends in household wealth in the United States : Rising debt and the middle - class squeeze - an update to 2007 .
Working Paper No. 589 .
Annandale - on - Hudson , NY : The Levy Economics Institute of Bard College .
Wolff , E. N. ( 2012 ) .
The Asset Price Meltdown and the Wealth of the Middle Class .
New York : New York University .
Wolff , E. N. ( 2014 ) .
Household Wealth Trends in the United States , 1962 - 2013 : What Happened Over the Great Recession ?.
Cambridge , MA : National Bureau of Economic Research .
Wolff , E. N. ( 2017 , forthcoming ) .
A Century of Wealth in America .
Cambridge , MA : Harvard University Press .
Wrong , D. ( 1995 ) .
Power : Its Forms , Bases , and Uses ( Second ed. ) .
New Brunswick : Transaction Publishers .
( CNN ) -- Iran hanged two men at the end of January -- the first political prisoners known to be executed in Iran since the demonstrations protesting the re-election of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , according to Amnesty International .
It 's still not entirely clear what Arash Rahmanipour and Mohammad Reza Ali-Zamani 's crime was .
Rahmanipour 's lawyer said he was already in jail on election day in June 2009 , so he could n't have been involved in the post- election uprising , she said .
But whatever their earthly crimes were , the two men executed last month were also accused of another offense far more serious than simply protesting against a government .
They were convicted of being " mohareb , " enemies of God .
That is the worst possible crime in Shiite Muslim law , according to Abbas Milani , the director of Iranian studies at Stanford University .
The legal implications are clear , he said .
" A mohareb , according to Shiite law , is executed , " he said .
That the regime is labeling its opponents enemies of God is a sign of how rattled it is by the protests , he said .
" They were completely caught off guard by the ferocity and extent of the opposition and they pulled out all the stops , " he said .
Traditional accusations did not succeed in intimidating the protesters , he said .
" They accused them of working in cahoots with the United States and Israel .
When it did n't work , they said you are mohareb , " he said .
Legally , there 's nowhere for the government to escalate from here , he added .
" I can't imagine them upping the legal ante , " he said .
" What you can do is increase the number of people they are executing in an in - your - face manner to bring terror to the people . "
In fact , at least one other person is on death row for being a mohareb , according to the Tehran Judiciary as quoted by the semi-official Iran Students News Agency .
Labeling opponents of the government " enemies of God " is a relatively new tactic , said Iranian journalist Amir Taheri , who argued that religious tolerance was more traditionally Iranian .
" It was not like that the beginning of the revolution .
The revolution was an Islamic revolution but they did not try to give a religious aspect , " he told CNN 's Hala Gorani .
" Now unfortunately they are giving a very dangerous and arguably un-Iranian religious aspect to it by hating the Jews , hating the Baha'is , [ using ] anti-Christian propaganda , executing or even murdering some Sunni Muslim preachers , " said Taheri , who fled Iran after the revolution .
The religious intolerance " is really completely new and this is one of the ugliest aspects " of the current regime , he said .
Milani said that even Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini , the founder of the Islamic regime , did not accuse his opponents of being enemies of God .
" In the early days of the revolution , Khomeini threatened to declare these people as mohareb , but I do n't remember them ever passing a law that says if you go out and demonstrate , you are a mohareb , " Milani said .
Khomeini leveled a different charge at his opponents , calling them " mofsed fel - Arz , " or he who brings corruption , Milani said .
The charge was " introduced by Khomeini , and they killed thousands of people , but at that time even Khomeini was averse " to describing his opponents as mohareb , he said .
Using it now implicitly " beatifies Khomeini , " Milani said .
" They are making him a god . "
It also could be a sign of panic on the part of the authorities , he said .
" It takes a lot of ... political insecurity to say if you do n't do something I tell you to do , you are an enemy of God , " he said .
This category is deprecated per this proposal .
Please do not add new featured pictures to this category , but instead place them in the appropriate subject - specific categories .
The Hummer is Dead
GM 's buyout negotiations with a Chinese firm have failed , ceasing production of the storied gas - guzzler
1-22-10
[ Daniel Martin Varisco is Chair , Anthropology Department at Hofstra University . ]
Not since Tammy Faye Baker embroidered Bible verses on her underwear has there been as eye - opening a scriptural scandal as the recent revelation that an American manufacturer routinely engraves Bible verses on U.S. military gun sights .
As reported earlier this week , the Michigan - based corporation Trijicon has supplied the gun sights used by American marines to aim at and shoot the Taliban and their sympathizers in Afghanistan .
The company may now be in quite a few critics ’ sights given the new publicity .
The Wikipedia entry already details the controversy .
But the main company website has nothing to say .
In the detailed descriptions of the gun sights on the website the biblical abbreviations are nowhere in sight .
But it does say that “ Trijicon self - luminous night sights are proven to give shooters five times greater night fire accuracy - with the same speed as instinctive shooting . ”
Five times , got it ?
Try MARK 6:38 ( do look this up ) and do n’t forget the fishes .
It may very well be that the procurement officers never noticed the addition of gospel acronyms after the serial numbers , but the company is not shy about its Christian views :
“ We believe that America is great when its people are good .
This goodness has been based on biblical standards throughout our history and we will strive to follow those morals .
” The actual verses are not inscribed , only the chapter and verse in code .
It appears that all of the verses are from the New Testament , so at least it cannot be claimed to be a Zionist plot ( or perhaps it could be said to be a very clever Zionist plot … ) .
I have no idea how many verses have appeared on the 800,000 units contracted for $ 660 million by the U.S. Marine Corps .
I suspect that MATT 5:44 ( do look it up ) is not one of them .
Perhaps the Sermon on the Mount is not part of what the company defines as “ biblical standards .
” The irony is that most of the soldiers using the guns probably never bothered to read the extra letters and numbers attached to the serial number and were unaware these were meant as an evangelistic tool .
I doubt that any Taliban coming into possession of the guns would have realized what the code meant .
But the revelation that some Bible - belt capitalist felt God ’s call to New Testamentize military guns becomes a great recruiting tool for Muslim extremists and suicide bombers .
This only confirms the suspicion that America is promoting Christianity at the expense of Islam .
We might as well call it “ Operation New Crusade . ”
Waging war is never morally pure , but keeping religion out of it seems far more pragmatic than promoting Bible sword drills .
At least in World War II our fighter pilots were far more likely to paint hot blondes on their plane fuselages than they were Bible verses .
This mix of bibliolatry and patriotism should not really be a surprise for a country that still displays the banner “ IN GOD WE TRUST ” on the backs of its filthy lucre ( not to mention what it does to the backs of individuals who think that freedom of religion should also mean freedom from religion ) or that added “ under God ” to the school - mandated pledge of allegiance .
The much vaunted separation of church and state may be proscribed in our constitution , but it certainly is not in our national rhetoric .
Nor is it separable from nationally televised sports .
Imagine a World Series game where the man sitting in the row directly behind the catcher is not holding up a sign that reads JOHN 3:16 , or a post - game interview with either NFL star quarterback Brett Favre or Florida sensation Tim Tebow that does not start with thanks to Jesus .
Whatever the intention of the founder of Trjicon , it is telling that God is always being invoked by those who do the fighting .
A Muslim mujahid raising his kalashnikov and shouting “ Allahu Akbar ” is obviously dragging religion into militant politics .
Of course , we secular church - separated - from - state defenders of democracy and freedom no longer formally “ praise God and pass the ammunition . ”
But God only knows what would be written on the bullets , if Trijicon ever gets into the ballistic business .
Of course America might have avoided the whole debacle in Iraq , if Bush and Cheney had read more Bible .
I ’m thinking Revelation 18:2 .
Just read it and tell me why anyone in their right pre-apocalyptic mind would invade Iraq ?
People who inherit a specific form of a gene that puts them on a road to schizophrenia may be protected against some forms of cancer , according to a new study by scientists at The Feinstein Institute for Medical Research .
The MET proto - oncogene is activated in a variety of tumor malignancies .
The gene has recently also been linked to autism and has a role in neurodevelopment , which is why Katherine E. Burdick , PhD and her colleagues decided to look for a relationship between MET and schizophrenia in their large sample of patients .
Such an association may help explain the family - based data that suggest that inheriting an enhanced risk for schizophrenia reduces one 's chances of developing cancer .
In a study published in the American Journal of Psychiatry , Dr. Burdick and colleagues examined the relationship between 21 single - nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) in MET and schizophrenia in 173 patients and 137 normal volunteers .
They found that several varieties of MET influenced the risk for schizophrenia , as well as general cognitive ability .
The authors were able to replicate their findings in a second sample of 107 patients and 112 healthy volunteers .
" The results add to the growing evidence suggesting an intriguing relationship between cancer - related genes and schizophrenia susceptibility , " the scientists wrote .
It remains unclear exactly how the gene actually may increase the risk for schizophrenia while protecting against some forms of cancer .
However , evidence from research on MET in autism provides some insight .
Specifically , it is known that MET is activated ( increased activity ) when tumors develop and can increase the chance that cancer cells multiply and infiltrate other tissue .
The activation of MET during normal neurodevelopment is critical to ensure that neurons grow and migrate to position themselves correctly in the human cortex .
In autism , it appears that while the brain is developing , reduced MET activity results in structural and functional changes in the brain that may increase a person 's risk for developing the disorder .
The Feinstein investigators speculate that the same risk - inducing mechanism may be at play in its link to schizophrenia .
###
At a session of the House of Commons select committee on science and technology , the professional standards director of Boots , Paul Bennett , had a remarkable admission to make about one of his company 's key products , its range of homeopathic medicines .
" I have no evidence before me to suggest they are efficacious , " he acknowledged .
" And we look very much for the evidence to support that .
It is about consumer choice for us . "
And you can see why .
Millions of people believe they are cures for most of life 's woes , from headaches to eczema .
Prince Charles even claims one helped him get over the effects of his recent broken arm .
But now the efficacy of homeopathic drugs is under attack – from MPs who believe their effects are unproven and that their use is a waste of taxpayers ' money .
They are pressing to ensure that the National Health Service no longer spends an estimated £ 4 m on homeopathic treatments .
Last year the select committee began hearing evidence about the use of homeopathy in the NHS and will finalise the wording of its report on the subject tomorrow .
The report will be published the following week – and is likely to call for a complete reappraisal of the role of homeopathy in the health service .
The chair , Phil Willis , the Liberal Democrat MP , told the Observer that his committee was set up to look across government and pose the question : where is the evidence to support policies ?
" So we asked the Department of Health what is its policy towards homeopathy and , second , what is the evidence behind spending money from the NHS on it , " said Willis .
" We found it very hard to find any evidence to support the efficacy of homeopathic remedies . "
This point was supported by another Lib Dem committee member , Dr Evan Harris .
" You cannot justify spending money on non-efficacious , ineffective and non-cost - effective treatments whether or not they are popular with Prince Charles at a time when the NHS cannot afford to fund treatments , for example for certain cancers , that are known to be effective . "
The select committee meeting tomorrow will follow yesterday 's protests by sceptics who staged a mass " overdose " of homeopathic remedies to show the medicines are worthless .
Campaigners – who want Boots to withdraw all homeopathic treatments from its shelves – met outside branches of the high street chain in Liverpool , Manchester , Glasgow , Edinburgh , London , Bristol , Leicester and Birmingham .
It is more than 200 years since homeopathy was devised by Samuel Hahnemann , a German doctor .
He believed that a substance that caused symptoms in a healthy person could also be used to cure the same symptoms in someone who was ill .
In other words , he argued that " like cures like " .
For example , extracts of coffee could be used to treat someone with insomnia .
But there is an added twist to this unusual approach to treating illness .
Homeopathic medicines are diluted to incredible levels so that there is little chance there will be a single molecule of their ingredient left in a bottle .
Somehow the water used for this dilution retains a memory of the original drug , it is argued .
This memory creates the medicine .
It sounds unlikely .
Nevertheless homeopathy is big business today .
In Europe the market has grown 60 % in a decade while in Britain remedies have spread far beyond shops that specialise in natural medicine .
Bottles of homeopathic remedies line the shelves of pharmacies in a market that will be worth an estimated £ 46 m a year by 2012 .
In the UK , there are now five NHS homeopathic hospitals and some GP practices also offer homeopathic treatment .
And it is this support , through the NHS , that angers many politicians and scientists , including Britain 's first professor of complementary medicine , Edzard Ernst of Exeter University .
Ernst , a former professor of rehabilitation medicine in Vienna , took up his present post to bring scientific rigour to the study of alternative medicines .
" I once worked in a homeopathic hospital and was initially sympathetic to its claims .
I got into rows with doctors and scientists over my views . "
Then Ernst started carrying out trials that included one involving the study of arnica , given as a standard homeopathic treatment for bruising .
" We arranged for patients after surgery to be given arnica or a placebo , " he said .
" They did n't know which they were getting .
It made no difference .
They got better at the same rate , whether they got arnica or the placebo .
And arnica is a classic homeopathic ­remedy .
It does n't work , however . "
Similarly , studies of how homeopaths treat children with asthma again found no evidence their medicines worked .
" I have now published more than 100 papers on homeopathy and I am quite clear about its efficacy : you may as well take a glass of water than a homeopathic medicine , " said Ernst .
And it is this failure to demonstrate efficacy , as far as mainstream scientists are concerned , that has alarmed members of the science select committee .
All new medicines have to prove their efficacy and cost - effectivenes to the National Institute for Clinical Excellence ( Nice ) before they can be used by the NHS .
Yet homeopathic medicines get funding despite the fact that they do not meet this criterion .
" There is no scientific basis for their being effective , " Professor Jayne Lawrence , of the Royal Pharmaceutical Society of Great Britain , told the select committee .
" There is no reason why they should be effective scientifically . "
This point was backed by Evan Harris .
" Nice has never looked , or has been asked to look , at the use of homeopathy , a treatment for which every proper medical authority agrees there is no evidence of effectiveness .
Why has the government not asked them to do that ?
Has it vetoed them from doing this ? "
Some supporters argue that , even if homeopathic medicines only generate results through the placebo effect , this still justifies their use within the NHS .
Such drugs do no harm and , although their scientific underpinning is ridiculed by researchers , they are occasionally associated with positive outcomes .
More to the point , there is a popular demand for homeopathic medicines .
Should this desire not be met by the NHS , they ask ?
This idea was strongly attacked during the committee 's sessions , however .
Asked by Willis if she thought homeopathic medicines could be justified simply on the grounds they were harmless and popular , Tracy Brown , managing director of the group Sense about Science , gave a forceful reply .
" If you think about the rows around things like the prescription of Alz­heimer 's drugs on the NHS , you are expecting people to look at the evidence to understand why certain drugs are available for people with a condition and certain are not .
Then you throw the evidence up in the air and say that if people want it [ a homeopathic medicine ] , they should have it .
We just lose , as a society , the dividing line , the ability to talk to people about the evidence behind their medicines .
I think that is a serious public health issue . "
This point was backed by Ernst .
" Some people say the money spent on homeopathic medicines by the NHS is small fry , but for me it is a matter of principle .
If the NHS adheres to evidence - based principles , it cannot go ahead and let homeopaths do what they like . "
In his interview Willis , who would not comment on what the final draft of his committee 's report might say , added that the evidence from Paul Bennett of Boots had also been " very telling " .
Ernst agreed , describing his statement as remarkable .
" The spokesman for Boots admitted there is no evidence that these medicines work , yet they are selling them .
Pharmacists are supposed to be healthcare professionals , not just shopkeepers . "
For their part , homeopathy proponents have slammed the MPs ' inquiry .
Cristal Sumner , chief executive of the British Homeopathic Association , said the committee had been biased in its approach and review .
" Homeopathy helps patients and is not a placebo effect , and the government backs patient choice and the ability to have homeopathy on the NHS . "
She referred to comments by the health minister , Mike O'Brien , who said it would be " illiberal " to consider withdrawing services to patients .
" Those doctors I work with in integrating homeopathy in NHS practice see it helping patients every day , and that is why they offer it , " added Sumner .
Homeopathy absorbed a tiny fraction of the NHS budget , she said .
" One must ask the committee , will patients then be forced to take conventional medicine at a higher cost ? "
Sumner also pointed to evidence in the British Medical Journal that said adverse drug reactions in 2004 cost around £ 466 m per year ; and more than a quarter of a million patients were admitted to hospital in the UK because of harmful effects after taking drugs .
" However , far more worrying is the broader question of who should be in control of healthcare and deciding what we and our loved ones should be able to receive .
Should it be a committee of MPs , or should it be we ourselves ? "
Others point out that the NHS spends money on other areas without a rigorous scientific backing .
For example , it spends millions of pounds on chaplains to ensure patients have a right to religious observance .
Others have complained that the ratio of witnesses called to appear in front of the committee was unbalanced , with too many sceptics and too few supporters taking part .
What is clear is that homeopathy arouses strong feelings .
And while many of the MPs on the committee will come to tomorrow 's meeting hoping to agree a powerful report condemning the fact it is funded by the NHS , not every member of the committee feels that way .
At the very least there will be a lively debate with a number of amendments tabled .
" The scrutiny function of the committee is ongoing , " said Ian Stewart , a Labour MP on the committee .
" There will be a draft report , we will discuss it , and then a decision will be made on whether the report can be unanimously accepted or not . "
I believe that anyone with the right information can cost a user on the Virgin Mobile cellular network around $ 575 an hour in excess usage charges .
The unlucky user might not find out that this is happening for up to two days .
That ’s almost $ 28000 in possible excess usage .
This can be done using general purpose tools , available to anyone with a computer .
Although I have investigated this for Virgin , a similar statement is probably also true for Optus and may also be true for other mobile carriers in Australia .
The reason is a combination of the carrier ’s pricing policies , and the open nature of the internet .
$ 2097 worth of internet access for just $ 15 a month
I ’ve been using my iPhone “ tethered ” for internet access .
I ’m waiting until ADSL2 + gets installed at our new flat , and I decided to use my Virgin Mobile “ 1 Gigabyte ” data plan tethered to my computer .
1 Gb of data with Virgin Mobile costs $ 15 a month .
If you were to use 2 Gb in a month , it will cost you $ 2097 .
That ’s right : the second gigabyte costs 140 times more than the first .
The delay between using that data and finding out can be up to two days .
Virgin is n’t at all alone in this , although their excess charges are the most expensive I could find .
Here ’s a summary of some common carriers and sample data plans :
Carrier Data Plan Cost Allowance Excess Cost , 2 x allowance Ratio Virgin Mobile $ 15 / mo 1 Gb $ 2.04 per Mb( 1 ) $ 2097 140:1 Optus $ 19.99 / mo 1 Gb $ 0.35 / $ 0.50 per Mb2 $ 358 / $ 512 18:1 / 26:1 Three $ 20 / mo 2 Gb $ 0.10 per Mb $ 205 10:1 Vodafone $ 4.95/mo3 200 Mb $ 0.12 per Mb $ 24 4.8:1 Telstra $ 59 / mo 1 Gb $ 0.25 per Mb $ 256 4.4:1
1 On the Virgin Mobile web site this is written as 0.2c / kb , which sounds a lot smaller than the others but is actually substantially higher .
2 The excess rate is higher if you ’re a month - by - month customer instead of on a contract .
3 One year contract .
Vodafone have larger data allowances built into some of their call plans .
Same excess usage charge .
If you read online forums like whirlpool , you can find dozens of people reporting massive bills on various carriers , up to the thousands of dollars .
In some cases , people claim that they cannot identify the cause of the excess data usage .
The Internet does not care about excess usage
Because of the nature of the internet , a third party can rack up thousands of dollars in charges on my phone .
Right now .
If you ’re on a Virgin Mobile connection , you have a publicly accessible IP address on the internet .
The same is probably true for Optus , as they share a network .
By itself , this is a good thing .
It enables full access to the internet .
However , it also makes it very easy for people to send you unwanted data .
For instance , the command :
$ sudo ping - i0.01 -s 1024 -c 1000 114.72.XX.XX
...
-- ping statistics ---
1000 packets transmitted , 431 received , 56 % packet loss , time 11093ms
rtt min/avg/max/mdev = 978.635/1369.705/2952.025/440.547 ms , pipe 288
( Translated , this means : Send 1000 “ Are you there ? ” echo requests to the internet address of my phone .
Send them 100 times a second , and attach 1 kilobyte of data to each request .
Ask the other end to send the data back , to prove they got it OK . )
This caused at least 868 kb ( probably more ) worth of data to be charged to my 3G iPhone , in 11 seconds .
This was on a fairly poor link ( 2 bars out of 5 . )
868 kb is $ 1.74 in Virgin Mobile excess charges .
Charged to me , remotely , without needing my knowledge or consent .
Keep doing it repeatedly , and it adds up .
You can burn an entire 1 Gb quota in less than four hours .
From then on it ’s around $ 575 for every hour you keep it running .
Thanks to Virgin Mobile ’s monitoring policy , it could be two days before anyone even notices .
By then , it could be pushing $ 28000 .
The problem is n’t the ‘ ping ’ command .
There are dozens of other ways to send unsolicited data to an IP address : UDP packets , TCP SYN requests , not to mention any open ports on your smartphone that will actually receive data .
This kind of data usage can easily happen by accident .
For instance , mistakes with tearing down data streams can easily happen .
If a server keeps streaming data to you incorrectly , you ’ll still pay .
The real problem is Virgin Mobile ’s data charges .
While they would be sensible with dial - up in 1996 , they are excessive in 2010 .
Other Practices
Virgin Mobile has some other practices which can make it easy for excess usage charges to rack up .
Confusing Language .
0.2c / kb can be a confusing term for non-technical people .
No other Australian mobile carrier that I could find lists their excess data rate by the kilobyte .
Virgin Mobile ’s advertising material explains that 1 Gb a month is good “ for those who always use the web ” .
I could not find an explanation of how 0.2c / kb compares to this quota , or an explanation of how “ always using the web ” too much could cost hundreds of dollars .
My Mum understands “ for those who always use the web . ”
She does not understand 0.2c / kb .
Misleading Tools
Virgin Mobiles ’ broadband usage meter “ may not include last 2 days usage [ sic ] ” .
With 3G download rates , you could blow an entire quota in a few short hours .
So you never know exactly where you stand .
Virgin Mobile ’s monitoring page also contains the following usage graph :
In the above graph , the download quota is exhausted one third of the way across .
So it could also be shown like this , although it is n’t :
It also shows up to a theoretical 2.6 Gb of downloads .
Here is the same graph , with my modifications showing what it would actually cost to download all that data :
That ’s $ 3,292 on the far right .
Late notifications
Virgin has a per-customer credit limit .
On a current $ 50 plan it would be $ 600 .
Phone access will be cut off if the customer exceeds their limit , for their own protection .
However , because of the two day delay , tens of thousands of dollars in usage can be accrued before the credit limit even kicks in .
Users posting on Whirlpool suggest that , in this case , the credit limit is not the limit of a customer ’s liability .
What could be done ?
I have some suggestions , that would mitigate this problem .
Limit the ratio of excess charges .
140:1 seems unjustifiable to me .
If necessary , the ACMA should regulate that excess charges cannot exceed 10 x the base charge rate for the same service .
Better monitoring .
Most ISPs have their usage meter update in a matter of hours .
I would like to see a reasoned , technically informed , explanation of why a usage meter must take two days to update .
Better alerts .
Internode notify me if I have used 70 % of my monthly usage quota , and again if I have used 95 % .
I see no reason why mobile carriers should not be able to do the same .
Capped data plans .
Excess usage charges were the norm for Australian ISPs in the 1990s .
To compete , innovative ISPs offered “ unlimited ” data plans , which shaped you when you exceeded your quota .
Those are now the norm .
I think a mobile carrier that introduced a similar policy , even if the base data allowance was substantially less than 1 Gb , could that find it was a “ game changer ” in the Australian market .
Ironically , Virgin already do this with their mobile broadband plan , which offers 4 Gb of capped data and unlimited phone calls , over the 3G network from home , for just $ 80 a month .
What can I do ?
If you ’re concerned about this situation , or have been affected by it , you can contact Virgin Mobile directly .
If that does n’t get you anywhere , file a complaint online with the TIO ( Telecommunications Industry Ombudsman . )
Raptors , Eastern leaders in the NBA , visit Celtics to break taboo and to advantage in the playoffs
On Wednesday , the Toronto Raptors and Boston Celtics enter the court for a decisive duel in the NBA .
What is at stake is not simply another victory for the playoffs - both teams are already guaranteed in the postseason .
The match is worth the leadership of the Eastern Conference , a weight reward for any League team .
With 55 wins and 21 losses , the Raptors are the current leaders of the East .
On Tuesday night , they visited the Cavaliers in Cleveland and were defeated by 112 to 106 , but are still in charge .
Already the Celtics occupy the second place of the table , in the glue of the rivals , with 52 victories and 24 defeats .
The Boston franchise also went on court last night in Milwaukee , and lost to the Bucks by 106 to 102 .
Thus , the Toronto meeting could narrow the gap between the franchises , further fueling the final stretch of the tournament .
And there 's more : last Saturday 's Celtics and Raptors faced off in Boston , with home win 110 - 99 .
Even without star Kyrie Irving , who is out because of a left knee injury , Marcus Morris and Jayson Tatum called in the charge and combined for 49 points , in a game with an electrifying finale with a right to fouls and expulsion from Morris .
On the Raptors ' side , DeMar DeRozan was the pick of the game : he scored 32 points and double - doubled Serge Ibaka ( 15 points and 10 rebounds ) and Jonas Valanciunas ( 13 points and 11 rebounds ) to continue the fight until the last quarter , when the Celtics fired and managed to open a 13 - point lead .
Get VIP soccer tips and bet on your favourite match .
In addition to the rematch , the Raptors also bring pride to the Air Canada Center : they have been leading the East since Dec. 26 , when they overcame the Celtics , and giving up the record mark is not an alternative .
The opportunity to secure the first place in the conference , something unheard of in the history of the franchise , means ensuring the advantage of playing at home in the first three rounds of the playoffs .
For Boston , worth the honor : Kyrie Irving has traded the powerful Cleveland Cavaliers of LeBron James to show that he can be the protagonist and counts on his teammates to return from knee surgery with the team fighting for the title .
On the one hand , the duo DeRozan and Lowry wanting to make history and close with gold the most successful season in the trajectory of the franchise .
On the other , Tatum , Morris and the fans for the return of Irving to , perhaps , end the season with the same start that started .
Toronto Raptors vs. Boston Celtics have ESPN live broadcast from 9 pm .
In October , Lord Turner , chairman of the FSA , said he had " a range of levers ' ' at his disposal to block " excessive bonus payments ' ' .
" We will be talking to banks about whether their bonus pools are appropriate and if they are n't we will have a full and frank discussion with them , '' he said .
At the time Lord Turner declined to detail the measures available to him .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Giles Admits O'Keefe , Breitbart ACORN ' Pimp ' Story was a Lie : ' That Was B - Roll , Purely B - Roll ' "
( 70 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 2/19/2010 @ 1:40 pm PT ...
I do n't know what B - Roll is .
Those right - wingers sure have some cute activists .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 2/19/2010 @ 1:43 pm PT ...
B -roll ( plural B- rolls ) noun Definition : video with extra footage : an extended video news release for issue to television stations from which they can put together their own version I 'm still not sure that makes sense ... is she saying it was purely made up for promotional purposes ?
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/19/2010 @ 1:53 pm PT ...
Yes , that 's exactly what she 's saying Soul Rebel .
I 'll try to clarify that for the non-Hollywood types out there .
( It 's typically footage shot separately and inserted later .
Eg .
Wide overhead shot of Las Vegas before cutting to interior of Casino where dead body has been found in CSI )
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... IntelVet said on 2/19/2010 @ 2:15 pm PT ...
If O'Keefe broke the law , what do we have to do to begin an investigation ?
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 2/19/2010 @ 2:18 pm PT ...
I think this will help you out Brad .
We Got That B - Roll
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Zero said on 2/19/2010 @ 2:39 pm PT ...
Stupid cunt .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... TomR said on 2/19/2010 @ 2:42 pm PT ...
It 's breathtaking that the NY Times is sitting on their hands about correcting a monumental foolish error like this .
They did cop to their role in the propaganda build - up to the Iraq war , did they not ?
Any guesses on why the delay ?
- Tom
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/19/2010 @ 2:42 pm PT ...
People , PLEASE DIGG and REDDIT this story up !
Use the tags at the bottom of the story .
And RE - TWEET , etc.!
The mainstream corporate media will NOT correct their coverage unless YOU demand that they do !
Help spread the word on this story , please !
It just takes a second !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/19/2010 @ 2:49 pm PT ...
TomR asked :
It 's breathtaking that the NY Times is sitting on their hands about correcting a monumental foolish error like this .
...
Any guesses on why the delay ?
Will share all soon , including my correspondences back and forth with Hoyt .
Hoping he 'll still end up doing the right thing , so do n't want him to feel sandbagged by my posting his responses publicly yet .
But we 'll see ...
As noted , he can be reached at Public@NYTimes if you 'd like to politely ask him yourself however .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 2/19/2010 @ 2:49 pm PT ...
The more I think on it , the more hysterical it is that our mainstream media cannot even figure out when they have been had .
Nor can they own up to it when it is pointed out in triplicate .
What a farce .
New York Times , are you kidding me , supposedly the gold standard in journalism , and they do n't know that a kid in a costume from Party City is making a camcorder movie for his lifelong dream of being a comedy writer for Candid Camera ??
Greg Brock , you are a supreme douchebag for even thinking for a second that you could maneuver your sorry ass out of this one .
BTW , anyone found that liberal media yet ??
Apparently the NYT just took themselves out of the running .
Please , tell me that some asshole somewhere is gonna lose their fucking job over this .
Just one person , somewhere , is going down .
Please .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... sam said on 2/19/2010 @ 4:35 pm PT ...
Let 's see .
The NY Times bought the transparent Iraq WMD lie .
Given the importance of getting that story right why would anyone expect them to be any more diligent with respect to this less significant story .
Our country is in a very sad state .
The best paper in the country is being taken over by right - wing propagandist .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... wHENWILLTHISNIGHTMAREEND
said on 2/19/2010 @ 6:52 pm PT ...
I NEVER PAID MUCH ATTENTION TO THIS STORY BECAUSE IT LOOKED ON ITS FACE TO BE A BUNCH OF CRAP , AFTER ALL , WHO WOULD BELIEVE THAT STEREOTYPICAL HALLOWEEN COSTUME HE WAS WEARING , BUT AFTER I SAW THE FOX NEWS INTERVIEW , KNOWING THE TRUTH , IT'S EASY TO SEE WHAT A LYING , FABRICATING , PIECE OF SH*IT THIS GUY IS .
HE HAS TO GO TO PRISON ; THEN I HOPE HE'S PIMPED OUT TO ALL THE BLACK INMATES FOR HIS ENTIRE STAY .
AFTER ALL , HE SAID IN THE INTERVIEW THAT HE TURNED TRICKS .
I'D LIKE TO SEE HIS MOUTH WHERE HE SAID HIS MOUTH WAS .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 2/19/2010 @ 7:05 pm PT ...
Something else the media never followed up on with any integrity .... now a closed case
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/19/2010 @ 7:28 pm PT ...
I tried to , Soul Search BRAD BLOG for " anthrax "
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/19/2010 @ 7:35 pm PT ...
“ We never claimed that he went in with a pimp costume , ” said Giles .
Remember Bush kept saying " Sadaam " and " 9/11 " over and over and over again in the same sentences and then said : " I never said Sadaam did 9/11 " ???
It 's a tactic .
It 's really a lie , and lie in which they could honestly say : " We never specifically said that " .
Yeah , you edit videos to make it " appear " you had the pimp costume on in the ACORN offices , THEN you show up on every TV show and dress for every picture in the pimp costume and NEVER show yourself actually in the office dressed conservatively .
THAT , my friends , is STILL LYING !!!
While it IS a true statement saying “ We never claimed that he went in with a pimp costume ” , it 's BULLSHIT that it was n't a LIE !
The LIE was them purposely misleading everyone by edited videos and pictures and TV appearances ONLY dressed as the pimp ... to KNOWINGLY TRY AND MAKE EVERYONE BELIEVE IT .
THAT is still LYING !
It 's a BULLSHIT LIE to say " We never said that " , knowing full well they purposely deceived everyone .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/19/2010 @ 7:42 pm PT ...
You know what it 's called ?
ASSOCIATION
When you use words or video of association , then you can say : " We never said that " and technically not be lying .
But it 's lying anyway .
Bush did association by saying " Sadaam " and " 9/11 " over and over and over again .
Words of association .
O'Keefe : VIDEOS of association .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/19/2010 @ 8:00 pm PT ...
O'Keefe gets permission from his parole officers to accept CPAC award , no I 'm not kidding : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3MDeb1LDx94
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/19/2010 @ 8:21 pm PT ...
Conservative rappers stand up CPAC : http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DB1cjkGzUng
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 2/19/2010 @ 8:41 pm PT ...
I know Brad .
Been here for a while , read all of it back in the day .
Would n't have known anything about the real story if I had n't been here .
MSM acts like its some kind of ' new ' news .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... R.U. Kiddin said on 2/19/2010 @ 9:03 pm PT ...
Acorn is n't corrupt ?
I saw the footage .
The workers are telling them ways they can avoid paying taxes .
They tell Giles and O'Keefe ways to make the incoming underage prostitutes " dependents . "
What was left out that would put this in context ?
Why does it matter what O'Keefe or Giles was wearing ?
Did Brietbart saying after the event was recorded that O'Keefe was dressed as a pimp alter the video that was already shot ?
Very weird line of reasoning you 're going down .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 2/19/2010 @ 9:53 pm PT ...
R.U. Kidding @ 20 failed with : Acorn is n't corrupt ?
I saw the footage .
The workers are telling them ways they can avoid paying taxes .
FAIL .
You did n't see the footage , because O'Keefe / Breitbart refuse to release the footage for some reason .
You saw the highly - doctored , heavily - overdubbed , purposely - misleading edited version of the tapes .
You should have read the released transcripts which clearly show * no * ACORN workers advising either of them " ways they can avoid paying taxes " .
In every instance , the employees advised them they MUST pay taxes , even on ill - gotten gains .
Which is absolutely correct Feel free to demonstrate otherwise .
They tell Giles and O'Keefe ways to make the incoming underage prostitutes " dependents . "
Yup .
Since they had told the workers , that they were rescuing the girls from an abusive pimp who had stalked Giles , physically abused and threatened to kill her .
That point , made in every office , did n't make it's way into the edited videos for some odd reason .
What was left out that would put this in context ?
See above .
And the transcripts .
Why does it matter what O'Keefe or Giles was wearing ?
For two reasons : 1 . Because the hook was ' look how stupid these dumb ACORN workers are , they could n't even recognize that this guy was a fake and yet they receive federal ta dollars ? ' - and yet he was dressed as a conservative college law student in every office and represented himself as such to the workers , telling them he was trying to rescue his girlfriend and these young girls from the abusive pimp .
2 . Because O'Keefe and Breitbart were willing to lie about their most spectacular marquee claim to get attention to the story .
If they were willing to lie about that , what else did they also lie about and misrepresent and why wo n't they release the unedited footage and what else are they hoping to hide in the bargain ?
And , oh yeah , would you have accepted a story from , say , Dan Rather if it became clear he knowingly lied about and misrepresented the headline claim of his story ?
Did Brietbart saying after the event was recorded that O'Keefe was dressed as a pimp alter the video that was already shot ?
Do n't know which videos were altered when , so can't tell you .
Editing happened likely until the hour they were finally released .
Why do n't you ask Andy to release the footage so we can find out ?
Very weird line of reasoning you 're going down .
Only if you believe that journalist should tell the truth and stuff .
Or if you 've been so brainwashed by years of phony GOP anti-ACORN propaganda that you 'd rather not learn how you 've been played for a fool for so long by Breitbart and friends .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... cheeky said on 2/19/2010 @ 10:08 pm PT ...
R.U. Kidding , you 're imagining things you saw in the videos , or are just lying about them .
No one suggested she make house guests dependents on her taxes .
The ACORN workers did n't do anything illegal .
That 's a fact .
No prosecution , no trial , no conviction .
The worst was the suggestion that Giles refer to her profession as entertainer or something like that so she could PAY her legal taxes on her income , not evade them .
Giles and O'Keefe threw out little bits of bait implying things that could have flagged a prostitution enterprise , but they never on any video identified they wanted help to pretend cover up something pretend illegal .
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 2/19/2010 @ 10:36 pm PT ...
Brad -
Take some time and watch the videos .
Your comment # 21 makes it abundantly clear that you have n't .
You 're just ripping off material from Media Matters and ACORN without doing any of your own .
Pure hackery , Brad .
You 're still cherry picking the media stories which meet the meme Media Matters constructed after the fact and ignoring the ones that do n't .
Most sentient people could tell that the intro and final portions of the videos with O'Keefe in the pimp costume were edited on for effect .
This is really a lame smear attempt , including the twisting of Breitbart 's 9/21 words .
I know you can't do better , so it 's not your fault .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 2/20/2010 @ 3:16 am PT ...
The members ( aka professional victims ) of CPuke are getting more shrill , lol .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ldnn8KwTPUk
( yer gonna wanna watch this )
Electing Obama was the best medicine for this reason , Would have been boring otherwise .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/20/2010 @ 8:05 am PT ...
# 23 : I just watched the videos ... again ... and there 's cuts all over them between when he talks and ACORN responds .
ACORN 's responses may not even be for the questions he asks .
That 's what I take from the videos .
He spliced them to make it look in parts like ACORN is responding to something he just said , but there 's an obvious cut in it .
Colbert does that to be funny .
Yes , I urge everyone to look at the videos again , and look for the plethora of cuts and splices .
Good idea .
It looks WORSE when you 're actually looking for the cuts .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/20/2010 @ 8:13 am PT ...
I was actually thinking it may be WORSE than we thought : O'Keefe may have spliced answers from different questions to make it look even worse !
IE : it is n't even in chronological order .
What makes us think the flow of his video is even in chronological order ?
And what 's left out ?
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/20/2010 @ 8:19 am PT ...
Example :
He asks ACORN if he could have a form for a prostitute .
ACORN answers there is no form or are you nuts ?
Later on ACORN answers " yes , here 's the form " to a completely different question , and O'Keefe splices that answer to the first question .
I bet that 's why ACORN was exonerated .
Someone saw the original unedited tapes .
And I bet O'Keefe and Breitbart would rather DIE than have the original unedited tapes released for all to see how they spliced it .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 2/20/2010 @ 9:14 am PT ...
So let me ask you , R.U. Kiddin # 20 & Daleyrocks # 23 , when you went to see Forrest Gump did you really believe that President Johnson told Tom Hanks , " Damn son ! " when Hanks pulled down his pants to show him where he got shot ?
Here 's what Scott Harshbarger , the former MA Attorney General said in his independent analysis [ PDF ] :
" The unedited videos have never been made public .
The videos that have been released appear to have been edited , in some cases substantially , including the insertion of a substitute voiceover for significant portions of Mr. O’Keefe ’s and Ms. Giles ’s comments , which makes it difficult to determine the questions to which ACORN employees are responding .
A comparison of the publicly available transcripts to the released videos confirms that large portions of the original video have been omitted from the released versions .
To date , the videographers have declined or ignored our interview request . "
If you only watched these doctored videos , you could not know something else Harshbarger reported : " Three of the six videos --- Brooklyn , Los Angeles and Washington , D.C. --- involved only ACORN Housing employees , over which ACORN has no control . "
ACORN Housing is " a separately incorporated organization ( not a subsidiary or affiliate ) with which ACORN contracts for homebuyer and foreclosure programs . "
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 2/20/2010 @ 9:31 am PT ...
The inability of so many to see the holes in this entire sting boggles the mind .
Suppose you did your banking at Bank of America .
When you went to make a deposit at your bank , you handed cash and a deposit slip to the teller , who pretended to make the deposit , but pocketed your money .
If the bank , upon discovery of the embezzlement , fired the teller , turned the teller over to the authorities and restored your money , would the Bank of America be guilty of a crime ?
ACORN consists of some " 400,000 member families organized into more than 1,200 neighborhood chapters in about 75 cities across the country . "
Harshbarger reports that O'Keefe and Giles conducted their subterfuge at only 3 ACORN offices ; that there were " extenuating circumstances in two of them ; " that the " ACORN employees captured on video were members or part - time staff .
They were not organizers or supervisory level employees ; " that ACORN promptly dismissed those part - time employees .
How is that any different from the bank scenario ?
Moreover , where R.U. Kiddin # 20 suggests that ACORN employees " tell Giles and O'Keefe ways to make the incoming underage prostitutes ' dependents , ' " Harshbarger reveals that Giles and O'Keefe had told ACORN employees they needed a house to help rescue 13 year old girls from Giles 's pimp !
Harshbarger concluded that the " released videos offer no evidence of a pattern of illegal conduct by ACORN employees " and that there was " no evidence that any action , illegal or otherwise , was taken by ACORN employees on behalf of " O'Keefe and Giles .
There should indeed be prosecutions arising out of this " sting . "
Giles , O'Keefe and any who conspired with them ( Breitbart ? ) to conduct this " sting " may have violated a provision of the California Penal Code which makes it unlawful to record a confidential communication without the other person 's knowledge or consent .
A communication is considered confidential if the other circumstances reasonably indicate that the other party to the conversation expected it to be a private conversation .
Conviction would carry with it a $ 2,500 fine and up to one year in prison .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Texasvietvet said on 2/20/2010 @ 9:52 am PT ...
Hey , here 's the real important thing this story .
Most Americans , especially progressive Americans , knew it was a big fat conservanazi lie when the story came out trashing ACORN .
It 's easy to tell if the story is false or not : it the racist republiklans say ' it 's outrageous ' , 99 % of the time it 's a big , fat lie .
" When FASCISM comes to America , it will be wrapped in the flag carrying a cross . "
Sinclair Lewis
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... OR Native said on 2/20/2010 @ 9:57 am PT ...
So how long does it take for the " paper of record " to wipe the egg off its face ?
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 2/20/2010 @ 10:59 am PT ...
I have oftenn wondered , just what type of cut and paste job would have been done had the Pimpostor and his co conspirators not been foiled in Mary Landrieu 's office in New Orleans ?
Just a short jog from the Boggs building on Poydras down to Canal Street , where ACORN is located .
Afterall , ACORN was founded in New Orleans , and is currently the location of their national headquarters .
As a matter of record , Breitbart attended Tulane University in New Orleans - as did David Vitter , and in roughly the same time frame .
Coincidentally enough , Vitter just last year praised O'Keefe 's videos and called for a RICO investigation of ACORN , AFTER the Pimp videos were being disseminated to the media .
" I 've seen the news reports and it 's obvious this is a very serious matter .
We 're blessed with an extremely competent U.S. attorney 's office in New Orleans , and I know they 'll handle this as aggressively as they have other serious cases , " Vitter said in a statement .
Well , is it any wonder WHY the US attorney recused himself from the current case involving the attempted espionage of Landrieu 's office by the anti-ACORN nuts ?
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 2/20/2010 @ 11:45 am PT ...
Good post , T.R.O. Meaty .
And " Pimpostor " is truly inspired .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... R.U. Kiddin said on 2/20/2010 @ 12:46 pm PT ...
ACORN is n't corrupt ?
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... R.U. Kiddin said on 2/20/2010 @ 1:30 pm PT ...
The woman on this video
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9UOL9Jh61S8
is repeating back most of the questions being asked .
O'Keefe does an amazing job of what police often coach people to do when they are wired .
The technique holds up in the face of charges by people such as yourself , hypnotized disbelievers .
She is CLEARLY giving them tax advice on the underage brothel that this guy is setting up with another prostitute .
I mean , what is your major malfunction here ?
She repeats back statements that implicate her in aiding a felony .
And even if you do n't buy that , she , at the very least , is not telling these people to get the hell out of Baltimore .
is n't that a kick in the ass to the people of Baltimore ?
Their tax dollars go to an organization that is advising a couple of creeps how to bring prostitution to their neighborhood .
Go ahead , try and explain it away , and while you are , thinking people are just shaking their heads at you in disbelief .
You see people in this video " helping their community . "
You 're deranged .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Heil Mary said on 2/20/2010 @ 1:57 pm PT ...
Hoochie Ho Hannah and O'Thief are so slimy that EVEN THEIR CONSERVATIVE CLASSMATES backed out of projects with them because the dastardly duo flaunted re-dubbing their own voices with NEW scripts to libel their targets .
O'Thief changed his comments to falsely make a Planned Parenthood rep eager to accept donations just to abort black fetuses .
He never made such an outrageous pitch directly to the PP rep because he knows no PP rep would accept such an insulting donation .
The ironic horror of O'Thief 's " moral outrage " against PP is that he is the racist one outraged by UNaborted black fetuses who grow up to join ACORN and get out the black vote for a black moderate president !
He also completely ignores PP saving millions of women from appalling and bankrupting childbirth complications whom he would n't want supported by taxes .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Heil Mary said on 2/20/2010 @ 2:02 pm PT ...
R.U. Kiddin must be Giles or O'Keefe in DAMAGE CONTROL .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... IntelVet said on 2/20/2010 @ 2:32 pm PT ...
I ask again .
Who and or where do we file charges against these fools ?
I can ensure either or both get " roommates " for a year .
Just sayiin '
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Dean said on 2/20/2010 @ 2:35 pm PT ...
It is impossible for anybody with even a basic knowledge of how editing works to be fooled by these ( clearly racist ) videos .
There is no excuse for the people at the New York Times , or any news outlet , to have been fooled by them for even a second .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... camusrebel said on 2/20/2010 @ 3:30 pm PT ...
Brad , thanks for the " preposterous explanation " link to the emptywheel site .
Had not been familiar with it .
Lots of good leads there on the teabuggers in NOLA .
Howard Baker is involoved in their defense ?!
Some big wig RNC lawyer named Madigan ?
Also great stuff in comments on The Leadership Institute .
One Mr. Steve Stockman is claimed to have purchased O'Keefe 's equipment according to an apparently disgruntled ex-employee Ben Wetmore .
Stockman was a repub Rep from Texas from 95 - 97 .
Real Jesus guns abortion anti-public school .
Would be nice if the nyt saw the light and started to act like responsible journalists but I think history will show the NOLA bugging to have much more severe ramifications than the ACORN travesty .
Four punks have been charged with crimes .
They all have trails of handlers and financers leading very high up indeed .
If we pull that thread hard enough , a lot of shit may well begin to unravel .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 2/20/2010 @ 3:35 pm PT ...
You would have done well , R.U. Kiddin # 35 , if you had actually bothered to read the Harshbarger report before you provided the link to the video of the Pimposter 's sting operation in Baltimore , MD .
Had you done so , you would have realized how bad it looks for accused federal felon O'Keefe and friends .
Where , through voice overs and superimposed write overs , O'Keefe attempts to make innocuous statements into a record of advice on illegality , the Harshbarger report exposes that portion of the very video you provided to be a gigantic hoax .
" The videographers initially spoke with a part - time ACORN employee .... in the Baltimore office as a receptionist ... The videographers represented that they needed help and had been turned down elsewhere , and that Ms. Giles was a dancer and Mr. O’Keefe was a college student trying to help her . "
You 'd never know that from the O'Keefe voiceovers .
They see two more ACORN employees : " The ACORN employee [ # 2 ] reportedly was concerned for Ms. Giles ’ safety because she knows people in her community with similar issues .
She enlisted the assistance of another part time employee who works in ACORN ’s free tax clinic .
The tax employee noted that she considered Ms. Giles to be her client , not Mr. O’Keefe , since Ms. Giles was the individual needing help .
Ms. Giles represented that she was an exotic dancer .
Mr. O’Keefe said she was a prostitute .
The tax employee relied only upon the statements made by Ms. Giles .
In addition , the tax employee noted that she did not intend to , nor did she , file any tax returns on Ms. Giles behalf . "
Now , even if we are to assume that this part time tax employee believed she was giving advice to a prostitute -- exceptionally bad tax advice either way , the video fails to reflect a critical Harshbarger finding : " The office ’s supervisor reported that that no supervisor was present at the time of the visit .
He said no one reported the incident to him and that he first heard about it when the media called to alert him that a video would be aired shortly .
Both employees involved were immediately terminated and are quite contrite and apologetic . "
Which gets back to my earlier point , R.U. Kiddin , how is this situation any different from the hypothetical of a bank teller embezzling your deposit .
If the bank learns of it , fires the teller , and restores your money , is the bank treated as a criminal organization ?
Why would you treat ACORN differently from the bank ?
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... R.U. Kiddin said on 2/20/2010 @ 6:36 pm PT ...
Is the bank CEO Wade Rathke , who covered up his brother ' Dales ' 1,000,000 embezzlement of depositor 's funds ?
If so , thinking people will take their money elsewhere .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... R.U. Kiddin said on 2/20/2010 @ 6:51 pm PT ...
And by the way .
You evoke the name Harshbarger like it 's suppose to stop me in my tracks .
Hatshbarger is an asshat .
He 's another Nifong .
His witch hunts during the great " child abuse era " of the 80's was an embarrassment of jurisprudence .
" I see molested people . "
He is a prosecutor like I am a diamond cutter .
We 're both hacks .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/20/2010 @ 8:53 pm PT ...
RU Kidding @ 35 : Are you RETARDED ???
Those are the same videos we said were spliced and the questions were voiced over !
What the fuck is wrong with you ?
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/20/2010 @ 9:01 pm PT ...
This guy can't be serious , I think he 's jerking us around .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 2/20/2010 @ 10:39 pm PT ...
Alright , when are we going to hear what Hoyt has to say ?
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Heil Mary said on 2/21/2010 @ 5:46 am PT ...
Where is R.U. Kiddin 's moral outrage over ADULTEROUS David Vitter 's ADMITTED CRIMINAL use of several call girl services while on the House and Senate floor ??
And what about the CIA and GOP 's PROVEN sex trafficking of KIDS for political blackmail in the Franklin S&L and MK - Ultra scandals ??
Obviously , R.U. Kiddin has no problem with these crimes when committed by RETHUGS !
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... betterthannosn said on 2/21/2010 @ 6:23 am PT ...
Brad , quick question from a differrent angle on this .
Are any in the House or Senate aware of the sham perpetrated on them ( although i know the repubs do n't care ) ?
If this is how easily propanganda can be used to change legislation in congress , what the hell are we going to do when an explosive false flag incident occurs ?
THAT is one of the reasons I really appreciate you taking on these propagandists .
If you let them get on a B - roll , they 'll never stop .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 2/21/2010 @ 7:18 am PT ...
Comment # 47 nails it : these people , and the Teabaggers , have no problem when it's the Republicans .
And all these militia groups rise and Teabagger groups rise ... the " anti-government " groups - they rise only when there 's not a Republican president .
They did when Clinton was in office , too .
Look it up .
Suddenly , " anti- government " groups pop up ... only when there 's not a Republican president .
It just so happens it 's always a Democratic president , since we have only two parties .
But if it was any other party than Republican , anti-govt groups would arise on the pretense that government is fascist , and claim they 're just against fascist govt .
They say NOTHING EVER when there 's a Republican president .
They never railed on Bush .
We rail on Obama .
We rail on fascism , not a party .
We rail on bad govt , not bad Democratic govt only .
When you ask them about Bush , they ignore it .
RU Kidding : did you think Bush was a great president ?
What do you think of the wars going on 9 years spending 2.5 BILLION a week .
You want fiscal responsibility from govt but do n't say a word about the biggest taxpayer expenditure , the # 1 waste of money of all other combined : military spending .
You and your ILK want govt to cut spending ONLY ON SOCIAL PROGRAMS , not on the military .
The military budget ON THE BOOKS ( not including off the books ) was over a TRILLION dollars , more than everything else combined .
THAT is where our govt is wasting the most money .
People like you CANNOT BE TAKEN SERIOUSLY if you do n't mention military spending when you talk about govt wasting money .
You can't be taken seriously , if you are still speaking for O'Keefe and Breitbart EVEN THOUGH THE ACORN CASE WAS THROWN OUT .
You are an IDIOT and there 's no hope for you .
Or you are a shill who is knowingly jerking us around , like FOX " news " does on the news front .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Dan-in - PA said on 2/21/2010 @ 7:23 am PT ...
In response to R.U. Kiddin @ # 43 ...
You have just attacked Harshberger 's character for the purpose of discrediting his report .
Attacking the messenger 's character for purposes of discrediting is a tactic used when the attacker has no other defense for their position .
You just discredited yourself .
The only corruption involving ACORN is the corruption of so called conservative 's 30 + year long effort to weaken and dismantle this true grass roots organization and to further disenfranchise the people that ACORN serves , your fellow Americans , by the way .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 2/21/2010 @ 8:58 am PT ...
@ #47 Would n't you think if O'Keefe and company were interested in a pimp and ho undercover " sting " , they would have been better served to visit David Vitter 's office , instead of Mary Landrieu's ?
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 2/21/2010 @ 9:08 am PT ...
For clarity , I know that Giles was not involved with the Landrieu incident , however , I and did not intend to infer she did .
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... T.R.O. said on 2/21/2010 @ 9:32 am PT ...
@#47 This '07 link will provide an excellent history of " les affaires " Vitter , and a few other collateral issues for good measure .
Daily Kingfish : : The Vitter Affair : As It Stands NowJul 16 , 2007 ...
The DP informs us that " Senator David Vitter has scheduled a 5 pm news ....
I challenged Jim Letten to open a criminal investigation ...
www.dailykingfish.com/diary/148/
- Cached - Similar
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... Shortbus said on 2/21/2010 @ 10:49 am PT ...
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... Ilene Flannery Wells said on 2/22/2010 @ 12:22 pm PT ...
Zero said on 2/19/2010 @ 2:39 pm PT ...
Do n't you realize that the C word is as offensive to women as the N word is to African Americans ???
Brad , please take down # 6
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Tom said on 2/22/2010 @ 2:37 pm PT ...
you 're right , the fact that he was n't wearing a pimp costume makes the fact that acorn offered him advice on how to import underage girls perfectly ok thank you I HAVE SEEN THE LIGHT !!
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... R.U. Kiddin said on 2/22/2010 @ 9:49 pm PT ...
Hey shmucks .
The woman is repeating back the questions O'Keefe is asking and then answering .
Your contention is that these moments are overdubbed ?
And I suppose if you were sitting in the room and heard these things with your own ears it would have been witchery , or lizard people making the words change in mid-air .
ACORN is full of the " kindest , bravest , warmest , most wonderful human beings I 've ever known in my life . "
Rinse .
Repeat .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... R.U. Kiddin said on 2/22/2010 @ 10:02 pm PT ...
Clean as a whistle -
The suit alleges that the Working Families Party used its in - house campaign management and services firm to provide discount services to a successful Democratic City Council candidate , thereby giving her an unfair advantage over her opponents .
The discounted services could qualify as illegal in - kind contributions , running afoul of federal and state election laws .
The firm , Data and Field Services , was the subject of a three part investigative report by City Hall News , a local political newspaper .
City Hall ’s report revealed a highly intertwined and complex relationship between ACORN affiliated organizations , including the Working Families Party and Data and Field Services .
The report revealed that among other potentially nefarious connections , the two organizations share employees , office space , and client lists .
This close coordination between the political party , a non-profit group , and the for - profit management firm raises serious questions about the use of funds by both organizations and the candidates they support and endorse .
City Hall ’s report formed the basis for the allegations brought in Mastro ’s lawsuit .
But the trial has uncovered more potential legal problems for the Working Families Party , problems that may be leading right up to ACORN Chief Lewis .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... R.U. Kiddin said on 2/22/2010 @ 10:09 pm PT ...
Clean as a whistle :
Committee investigators have identified hundreds of ACORN bank accounts , shell organizations incorporated under different sections of the internal revenue code , and even an ACORN controlled accounting firm ( Citizens Consulting Inc. ) that helps ACORN obscure the true use of charitable donations and taxpayer funds .
Documents and testimony from ACORN whistleblowers reveal that ACORN activities – despite contentions that they are intended to help the poor – fulfill a more self - serving and political purpose for ACORN .
ACORN is well aware of the legal problems its political activities create as its own attorneys have acknowledged and outlined the potential for criminal and civil violations in private documents for senior ACORN officials .
Muscle for the Money involves using non-profit corporations for electioneering activities and an SEIU strategy to threaten corporations and banks into brokering deals for ACORN ’s financial benefit .
SEIU and Project Vote used litigation to force demands from government officials .
ACORN , through Project Vote , threatened State Secretary of State offices with lawsuits , thus forcing political compromises at the expense of taxpayers .
You 're friggin hypnotized .
And for the record , Bush was a terrible president .
Iraq is a debacle .
TARP was a disaster .
Attempts at Amenesty ridiculous .
Medicaid giveaway as a gift to Big Pharma was disgraceful .
The list goes on and on .
What does that have to do with ACORN ?
A corrupt and illegal organization .
( They are not bipartisan .
If you begin to try and claim that you 're all liars or morons . )
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/23/2010 @ 10:10 am PT ...
R.U. Kidding -- Normally I 'll read completely through a different viewpoint .
You never know where truth might be .
But you talk a lot and do n't respond much , for instance you 've never answered Ernest Canning 's questions .
You 're also abusive in your language .
Not appreciated .
May not mean anything to you , but you 're losing this particular Bradblog reader because you 're not engaging in dialogue .
You seem to only like the sound of your own rants .
My rule is becoming if a commentor has been deconstructed reasonably and refuses to acknowledge or answer reasonable questions put to them , they are not worth my time .
They are a closed loop .
They lose credibility .
I 'm interested in dialogue with those offering other viewpoints .
Not interested in encouraging haranguing .
For what it 's worth .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... R.U. Kiddin said on 2/23/2010 @ 1:04 pm PT ...
I did answer Cannings question , Lasagna .
( is he canning lasagna ? )
But not surprising .
One can't expect more form a dunce who says he does n't read through entire posts when confronted with one he gets a little funny feeling reading .
And is my language approaching anything near # 6's ?
This is probably this site 's sensitivity training counselor .
Morons , all .
ACORN is a top notch , tidy , clean as a whistle , bi-partisan organization , which I should be happy my tax dollars fund .
Now make sure you counter my assertion with OTHER corrupt organizations , that seems to be some of the mouth breathers on this site standard debating technique .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/23/2010 @ 1:52 pm PT ...
R.U. Kidding @ comment 61 Can't stand the accusation that I was wrong about you not answering Ernest Canning 's questions ( nice Lasagna joke by the way ) and that I might have wronged you , even if you do talk like a complete asshole .
Also can't stand the notion , which is complete bullshit , that I would n't read something cuz I 'm uncomfortable with it .
So fuck you for that .
So I went back and read everything you wrote , then I went and read Canning again , then I went over your stuff again .
I think you and I have different meanings for the word " answer " .
I will admit that all that other legal stuff you wrote about that is not part of this O'Keefe / Giles / Acorn stuff we 've been discussing here , I have no idea about .
No idea whether you 're being misleading and weird and ignoring enormous parts of reality as you 're doing with the matter we are discussing or whether you 're right on .
But I 'll keep a look - out for that shit .( not that you 'd ever believe that as I imagine you 'll need to keep on scratching the itch created by that giant bug up your ass and continue belching out gratuitous venom . )
Have you tried exercise ?
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/23/2010 @ 2:20 pm PT ...
Dear Kidding , Sorry , forgot to answer your question about # 6 .
That was just so random , weird , and ugly and seemed like it was just a shitbomb flyby so I felt no need to respond .
If you think that kind of comment is typical here or reflects any kind of accepted norm , I 'd be most curious to see evidence backing up such a preposterous thought .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/23/2010 @ 2:45 pm PT ...
Dear Brad ,
I apologize if I broke your commenting rules by calling Kidding a complete asshole and saying fuck you .
I 'm a little sleep - deprived and lost my shit with his / her constant verbal abuse .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 2/23/2010 @ 8:45 pm PT ...
David ,
You 're being more than reasonable with this schmoe .
Sometimes the bomb just needs to be dropped .
SR
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... R.U. Kiddin said on 2/25/2010 @ 12:19 am PT ...
I should be happy for my tax dollars to go to ACORN , why ?
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 2/25/2010 @ 3:39 pm PT ...
R.U. Kiddin , U.R. Kiddin dialogue -- an EXCHANGE of ideas and opinions rant -- to talk in a noisy , excited , declamatory manner No , you should be happy you have a computer .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... R.U. Kiddin said on 2/26/2010 @ 6:34 pm PT ...
From Clark Hoyt of the NY Times to Brad Friedman on 2/23 : “ I must say , as someone who watched the videos , that your characterization of the way O’Keefe and Giles presented themselves to the Acorn employees — as opposed to what he wore — is not credible . ”
mwa hahahaha .
Not only does Brad look like a douche , his sycophants look like douches cubed .
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Timothy Bradberry said on 3/10/2010 @ 5:49 pm PT ...
What they were wearing is irrelevant .
What they said and what the ACORN representatives said is what is relevant .
ACORN is condemned by what the ACORN employees said .
It is a simple as that , the ACORN employees demonstrated a disregard for the law and a familiarity with methods of corruption .
ACORN is thereby condemned as the corrupt organization that it is , regardless of what James and Hannah wore during the interviews .
COMMENT # 70 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/10/2010 @ 8:33 pm PT ...
Since the origin of 3D graphics , designers attempts to create photo - realistic imagery .
Although achieving genuine - looking graphics is a difficult challenge , some artists manage to achieve extraordinary results .
Photorealism opens up new ways for creativity and innovation .
In this collection we bring you some of the inspiring semi-photorealistic 3D cartoon characters from various artists across the globe .
You ’ll find famous cartoon characters , movie stars , celebrities and original characters alike , so dig in and make sure to check out the artists ’ portfolios for more goodies !
Beautiful Semi-Photorealistic 3D Cartoon Characters
Vladimir by Fred Bastide
Mz. Crabapple by Tony Mesiatowsky
Untitled by Richard Rosenman
Jennifer by Jonathan Simard
#empty by Anthony Guebels
Couchepin by Fred Bastide
Mr T by Lee Davies
Stan Winston Tribute by Krishnamurti Costa
Animator Guy by Krishnamurti Costa
Thomas , the Plumber by Krishnamurti Costa
Thom Yorke caricature by Andrew Hickinbottom
Will smith by Mrpeculiar
Gordon ramsay by Mrpeculiar
Patrick Star by Brushcommander
Old Man by Cristian Patrasciuc
Emocionado by Misael Barbosa
Elmer Fudd by Magdalena Dadela
Bar Scene 1 by Michael Sormann
Caricature by Marco Carminati
The Owl Hunter by Sergey Kolesov
JJimi Hendrix – The Guitar Legend by Marcin Klicki
Giuseppe by Laurent Pierlot
Little Man From Another Place by Andrei Cristea
Fern the Farmer by Team CHEVisodes
The Big Cowboy by Gustavo Federico
Untitled by Brent Wong
The Strange Man by Gustavo Federico
Evil Witch by Sven Gerusckhat
Somebody by Weiye Yin
Untitled by Shannon Thomas
Control click header above to hear vaudevillian George Price sing his 1923 hit , " Barney Google with the Goo - Goo - Googly Eyes " .
Billy DeBeck was a comic genius .
In other words , he was flat out funny .
Thus , Barney Google kicks off our Splendiferous Barney Google New Year Celebration !
Note in the 12/26/20 b/w page how the comic situation escalates with every panel advancing in a logical manner .
December 26 , 1920 January 1 , 1921 September 26 , 1923 show in Elyria , Ohio
January 3 , 1926
May 9 , 1926
, DeBeck 's topper strip , came to an end on May 9 , 1926 .
In the corner of the last panel ofis a note of thanks to " Odd McIntyre " ( pronounced " udd " ) .
Now mostly forgotten , O.O. McIntyre ( 1884 -1938 ) was a newspaper columnist with a huge readership in the 1920s and 1930s .
( He almost vanished entirely .
Try to find more than three pictures of him on the Internet ! )
His daily column , " New York , Day by Day , " was widely syndicated and collected into bestselling books .
His readers expected to find his columns about celebrities and parties in the big city occasionally interruped with portraits of small town life , such as " The Glee - or - ious Fourth " .
Why did O.O. veer into obscurity while other columnists ( Hedda Hopper , Herb Caen , Louella Parsons , Walter Winchell , Irv Kupcinet ) never faded away ?
I think it was because he had no interest in radio .
He felt that the discipline that went into writing his columns would slide if he made a detour into broadcasting .
( Thus , Fred Allen was free to use O.O. 's columns as the uncredited inspiration for his popular Allen 's Alley segments . )
On May 16 , 1926 , withgone , DeBeck launched , the title an apparent reference to his cheapskate main character .
A software engineer furious with the US tax agency has ploughed his small plane into an office building housing nearly 200 employees , setting off a raging fire that sent workers fleeing as thick plumes of black smoke poured into the air .
The pilot was presumed dead following Thursday ’s crash and emergency crews have now found a second body in the wreckage where the plane hit the building .
Fire Department Battalion Chief Palmer Buck said late on Thursday that authorities " have now accounted for everybody " but declined to discuss the identities of those found .
A US law official identified the pilot as Joseph Stack - whose home was set on fire just before the crash - and said investigators were looking at an anti-government message on his website .
The website outlines problems with the Internal Revenue Service and says violence " is the only answer " .
Greek Debt Crisis How Goldman Sachs Helped Greece to Mask its True Debt
Goldman Sachs helped the Greek government to mask the true extent of its deficit with the help of a derivatives deal that legally circumvented the EU Maastricht deficit rules .
At some point the so - called cross currency swaps will mature , and swell the country 's already bloated deficit .
Von Beat Balzli
I just spent two and a half hours and $ 40 on my vagina , and I did not even get my pubes waxed into a cute shape .
No , I had a yeast infection — and here 's why I 'm enraged .
Advertisement
For all those fortunate enough never to have joined the Candida Club , a little background : yeast infections are very common .
They 're kind of like a cold for your vagina — annoying , but not life - threatening .
You can treat them with home remedies ( we do n't recommend it ) , or over - the - counter Monistat , but for some reason Monistat 's little egg - on - a - stick system has never worked for me .
Which does n't mean I did n't try it .
I inserted the egg at the first sign of trouble , and things were better for a while , but then I woke up Wednesday morning feeling like someone had rubbed poison ivy all over my genitals .
I needed Diflucan .
Advertisement
At least for me , Diflucan is a miracle drug .
In a single oral (! ) dose , it accomplishes what several days of weird vagina - eggs ( or , worse , prefilled applicators filled with irritating cream ) cannot : knocking the itch out for good .
And yet it 's not available over - the - counter .
So after I determined that my gynecologist would n't see me until March , I spent a good chunk of Wednesday morning trying to find a doctor who would check out my vadge ASAP .
I finally got an appointment for today , so at noon I walked over , waited an hour and a half , answered a bunch of questions about my medical history , had a breast exam ( although I pointed out several times that I was n't due for my yearly physical until May ) , and exited $ 30 poorer with a scrip for the precious pill in hand — and the bulk of my afternoon gone .
At least this time I had insurance .
Back in the fall , I spent $ 175 and an entire day in a waiting room for that other bane of the female body : a urinary tract infection .
All told , I 've probably wasted several entire days of my still - relatively - young life getting my vagina prodded by relative strangers — and shelled out hundreds of dollars .
And I 'm not alone — most of the women I know have sunk precious hours into vagina maintenance — hours they could 've spent working or playing or actually taking the medication they knew they needed .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
It does n't have to be this way .
A doctor once gave me Diflucan even though she was pretty sure I did n't need it , because , she explained , it 's harmless .
There 's no reason I can think of that it should n't be over - the - counter .
And while I understand that UTIs require antibiotics , and antibiotic overuse can create resistant bacteria , I still think there 's got to be a better system than forcing women to come pee in a cup every time they have the usually very recognizable symptoms .
Ultimately , I think the way American medicine handles common gynecological ailments says a lot about its view of women : that we can't be trusted to take care of ourselves , and that we need someone to watch out for us .
That 's why we have to get a Pap smear before we can get birth control pills , even though they 're basically unrelated .
Because we wo n't get the proper medical tests unless they dangle a carrot in front of us — the carrot of not getting pregnant .
Similarly , I think part of the reason we have to go to the doctor for routine things like yeast and UTIs is that they may mimic the symptoms of STDs .
But stores do n't stop selling cough medicine just because a cough could be tuberculosis .
For minor ailments that do n't involve the vagina , patients have a certain amount of discretion .
Yet as soon as our shameful ladybits start itching , we have to hit the stirrups — even if we 've felt the exact same symptoms dozens of times before .
Advertisement
I think some of this could change if we talked about our vagina problems more , and in mixed company .
I know it 's sort of an Eve Ensler cliche , but I actually think that the shame and grossness associated with UTIs and yeast infections are one reason why we still treat them as more serious than they are .
Maybe if everyone — men included — realized how run-of - the - mill these ailments really are , then we would n't think of them as meriting an expensive , annoying doctor visit .
I understand that the process of getting a drug approved for over - the - counter use is slow , and that UTI antibiotics might always have to be dispensed by a physician .
But I still think it 's worthwhile to agitate for a little more control over an unfortunately common aspect of femaleness .
If nothing else , it distracts me from the itch .
Image via drugstore.com .
An upstart Trojan horse program has decided to take on its much - larger rival by stealing data and then removing the malicious program from infected computers .
Security researchers say that the relatively unknown [ Spy Eye toolkit ] added this functionality just a few days ago in a bid to displace its larger rival , known as Zeus .
The feature , called " Kill Zeus , " apparently removes the Zeus software from the victim 's PC , giving Spy Eye exclusive access to usernames and passwords .
Zeus and Spy Eye are both Trojan - making toolkits , designed to give criminals an easy way to set up their own " botnet " networks of password - stealing programs .
These programs emerged as a major problem in 2009 , with the U.S. Federal Bureau of Investigation estimating last October that they have caused $ 100 million in losses .
Trojans such as Zeus and Spy Eye steal online banking credentials .
This information is then used to empty bank accounts by transferring funds to so - called money mules -- U.S. residents with bank accounts -- who then move the cash out of the country .
Sensing an opportunity , a number of similar Trojans have emerged recently , including Filon , Clod and [ Bugat ] , which was discovered just last month .
Spy Eye popped up in Russian cybercrime forums in December , according to Symantec Senior Research Manager Ben Greenbaum .
With its " Kill Zeus " option , Spy Eye is the most aggressive crimeware , however .
The software can also steal data as it is transferred back to a Zeus command - and - control server , said Kevin Stevens , a researcher with SecureWorks .
" This author knows that Zeus has a pretty good market , and he 's looking to cut in , " he said .
Turf wars are nothing new to cybercriminals .
Two years ago a malicious program called Storm Worm began attacking servers controlled by a rival known as Srizbi .
And a few years before that , the authors of the Netsky worm programmed their software to remove rival programs Bagle and MyDoom .
Spy Eye sells for about $ 500 on the black market , about one - fifth the price of premium versions of Zeus .
To date , it has not been spotted on many PCs , however .
Still , the Trojan is being developed quickly and has a growing list of features , Greenbaum said .
It can , for example , steal cached password information that is automatically filled in by the browser , and back itself up via e-mail .
" This is interesting in its potential , but it 's not currently a widespread threat at all , " he said .
Le célèbre logiciel de retouche fête aujourd ’hui , 19 février 2010 , ses 20 ans .
La fête organisée par la National Association of Photoshop Professionals aura lieu au Palace of the Fine Arts Theater de San Francisco et plus de mille personnes sont attendues .
Une grosse soirée qui se prépare donc .
Parmi les personnes qui seront présentes , on peut noter la présence de John Loiacono , vice président du pôle Creative Solutions d’Adobe , Thomas Knoll , co-créateur de l’application , Russell Brown , directeur artistique d’Adobe et spécialiste de Photoshop et enfin Kevin Connor , vice président de la gestion des produits Photoshop .
La fête n’aura pas lieu qu’à San Francisco , d’autres évènements sont prévu au Japon , en Europe et en Asie du sud Est .
bread bowls , breakfast , brunch , Eggs
Eggs in bread bowls ?
What ?
Yes , I know .
It ’s revolutionary .
It changes the way we think about breakfast .
Calm down and hear me out .
You know how you can only really cook one omelet at a time , or two servings of scrambled eggs at the most ?
What happens when you have to feed six people ?
Four or five people get very jealous and snippy .
Here ’s the solution !
Because the eggs are baked , you do them all at the same time , everyone can eat together , and everyone ’s happy .
Just make sure you time the bacon right and do n’t let the toast get cold .
It ’s also a great way to economize on eggs .
Someone who would normally eat four eggs at a time will probably only eat two of these , because of all the bread .
It ’s very filling .
The other awesome thing about this recipe is the texture of the egg yolk – you cook it until the whites are just set , and when you slice it in half , the yolk looks fully cooked .
No fun , right ?
Well , just wait until you bite into it !
It actually has the most beautiful velvety texture , and it ’s still quite wet .
Almost like a gel .
Not like a hard - cooked yolk at all .
It ’s difficult to describe – you just have to experience it .
It ’s my new favorite way of cooking eggs .
Other than in a cake , that is .
Eggs in Bread Bowls :
Use 1 roll for every egg .
I used crusty Chicago hard rolls – you do n’t want anything soft because the egg will leak out before it ’s cooked , and you ’ll just have a mess on your hands .
Actually , on your pan .
Ha !
Slice the tops off of the rolls , and tear out the inside to form a space big enough to hold an egg .
Arrange the rolls on a pan – I used a cake pan so they would help each other stand up .
Crack an egg into each roll .
Top with goat cheese or your topping of choice , and a sprinkle of parsley .
CAREFULLY put the pan in the oven and bake at 350 until egg whites are just set and no longer transparent .
The time varies depending upon what size egg you used and what size roll you used .
It took less than ten minutes for mine , so do n’t wander off and forget about them .
For the last 3 - 5 minutes or so , you can replace the tops on the rolls so they get all nice and toasty .
Then you can serve them with apple butter , like I did .
And applewood smoked bacon .
Apple .
That ’s it !
Now is n’t that better than standing over a pan , furiously scraping scrambleds , or intently monitoring the puffing of an omelet ?
I know so .
Quick said it was testing commercial interest in halal menus
A French council has lodged a complaint against a fast food chain that serves only meat that conforms with Islamic dietary laws at a local branch .
The mayor of Roubaix , in northern France , said the halal menu constituted " discrimination " against non-Muslims .
The Roubaix branch is one of several restaurants at which the chain , Quick , took non-halal products and pork off the menu in November .
The move has triggered the latest row over France 's Muslim minority .
Several deputies from French President Nicolas Sarkozy 's conservative UMP party have condemned the move , while Marine Le Pen , a vice - president of the far - right National Front , warned of " Islamisation " .
Their comments came ahead of regional elections in France next month , and against the backdrop of a debate over French national identity launched by Mr Sarkozy 's government .
' Going too far '
In Roubaix , Mayor Rene Vandierendonck , a socialist , called for a boycott of the Quick branch , and the town council has filed a complaint for discrimination with a regional court in Lille .
" I 'm not bothered by the fact that there is a halal menu , " Mr Vandierendonck said .
" But this is going too far because it is the only menu on offer and it has become discrimination . "
Quick decided to take a bacon hamburger off the menu at eight of its 350 branches , replacing it with a halal version that comes with smoked turkey .
It said the move was designed to test the " commercial interest and technical feasibility " of introducing halal menus .
The Quick manager responsible for the Roubaix branch said there had been a slight increase in business after the introduction of halal menus and that he had not received complaints from customers , AFP news agency reported .
France is home to Europe 's biggest Muslim minority , estimated at more than five million people .
Debate has recently focussed on the Islamic veil , with a French parliamentary committee recommending a partial ban on women wearing Islamic face veils last month .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
THE TWISTING TURBINES on the Columbia River Gorge ridges were one of the first things my husband and I noticed en route from Baltimore to our new house in Oregon .
So a few weeks later , when a hawker at the farmers market urged me — with a $ 5 token for free veggies and a postcard with pictures of children lounging in front of local windmills — to sign up for a renewable energy program called Blue Sky , I did n’t hesitate .
For less than an extra $ 10 a month , my utility , Pacific Power , would supply our home with electricity from wind turbines instead of coal .
But it turns out ditching dirty energy is more complicated than that hawker would have me believe .
From the windmill postcard , you ’d think my premium would go straight to local projects .
Not quite : True , Pacific Power operates one wind farm in Oregon , but that ’s largely because the state mandates that utilities get 25 percent of their power from renewables by 2025 .
My well - meaning purchase has little to do with those windmills .
Instead , Pacific Power hands my Blue Sky money over to companies that buy renewable energy certificates ( RECs ) from wind farms , mostly in other states , and other renewable projects like methane - burning landfills .
Consumers need to understand that the electricity “ is not going from the windmill on the ridge to your toaster , ” says Pacific Power spokesman Tom Gauntt .
Michael Gillenwater , a Princeton researcher who codeveloped the EPA ’s carbon emissions tracking system , says it ’s more like donating to a cause .
“ What you are doing is subsidizing the market for renewable energy . ”
Pacific
Power says our premium “ avoided the release of 897 pounds of carbon dioxide emissions into the air…equivalent to not driving 909 miles . ”
But it ’s hard to verify those numbers , says Stanford professor Michael Wara , who studies carbon markets .
“ You do n’t have an overseeing regulator ensuring that the claims made are backed up . ”
Green-e , a third - party certification program , ensures that my RECs come from relatively new projects and are n’t double - counted to meet state mandates .
But Gillenwater says its “ additionality ” test is n’t thorough enough to prove I paid for an emission reduction that would n’t have happened anyway .
Experts say that RECs like mine can make renewable projects more profitable , but they play a much smaller role than government subsidies .
( Disclosure :
My father recently invested in a wood - chip - fueled electricity plant in Florida , and he said RECs sweetened that deal . )
Gillenwater says most projects would have produced the energy regardless of whether consumers like me pitched in — in 2008 , for example , Pacific Power bought a third of my RECs from two Puget Sound Energy wind farms built in 2005 .
( A spokesman says the projects ’ planners did n’t count on revenue from residential RECs in their budget . )
The remaining two - thirds were purchased from other projects , including a landfill - gas plant in Utah .
Only 1 percent came from solar .
RECs , mandates , additionality — my head was spinning like those windmills , which were seeming further away .
To make matters worse , in 2008 , only 67 percent of my Blue Sky bucks purchased RECs ; the remaining 33 percent was spent on staff and publicity .
On average , 19 percent of green programs ’ revenues go to marketing , but at small utilities that percentage is far greater .
Utilities insist that the promotion is necessary , since voluntary green power programs work better when lots of people participate .
Nationwide , only about a million customers shell out for green power — with corporations , governments , and universities buying the bulk of it .
In 2008 , residential customers made up only one - quarter of green power purchases .
So what ’s a consumer to do ?
Even with their problems , RECs are “ one of the simplest and most direct ways to support renewable technologies , ” says Jeff Deyette , a senior analyst with the Union of Concerned Scientists .
Premiums can provide that extra profit margin to make renewable projects competitive with fossil fuels .
And some utilities are experimenting with other models .
If I had enrolled in Pacific Power ’s Blue Sky Block program , for twice what I pay now , 41 percent of my money would have funded local solar arrays and a geothermal test project — and only 25 percent would have gone to overhead .
Or instead , I could spend my premium on efficiency upgrades in my new home : sealing leaks , insulating , and replacing drafty windows .
It would just take more time and elbow grease than checking a box .
Washington ( CNN ) --
A contentious special election to fill late Sen .
Ted Kennedy 's Senate seat could have an effect on the cause he championed -- health care .
Republican candidate Scott Brown , a state senator , is facing off against Massachusetts Attorney General Martha Coakley .
Election Day is January 19 .
Recent polls suggest the race may be closer than expected in its final days , though the Democrat still holds a 15 - point advantage in the overwhelmingly Democratic state .
No Republican has won a Senate seat in Massachusetts since 1972 .
CNN political analyst David Gergen , who moderated a debate between Brown and Coakley Monday night , said part of the closeness of the race is tied to the health care reform bill in Congress .
" And his campaign has gotten a lot of traction suddenly , unexpectedly in the last few weeks by exactly that campaign pledge : ' I will send this bill back , ' " Gergen said .
Democrats hold a 60 - 40 filibuster - proof majority in the Senate , but if the Massachusetts seat goes to a Republican , Democrats would lose their supermajority .
" With all due respect , it 's not the Kennedy 's seat , it 's not the Democrats ' seat , it 's the people 's seat , " Brown said .
" They have a chance to send somebody down there who 's going to be an independent voter and independent thinker -- and going to look out for the best interests of the people of Massachusetts . "
Coakley said that she'd be " proud " to be the 60th vote to get health care reform passed .
Gergen points out two strategies Democrats can use to pass health care if Brown is elected .
" One is , they could simply have the House pass the Senate bill and never send it back , " he said .
" That would be a huge compromise [ since the bill ] would have no changes and of course they [ Democrats ] want changes . "
The Democrats could also push to extend the vote count , Gergen said .
" Massachusetts officials have 10 days to count the votes .
And what if they took every one of those 10 days , " Gergen said .
" Conceivably , the Democrats could go ahead and get it done in Washington . "
The race has received state and national attention .
The Brown campaign said it was able to raise $ 1.3 million in an Internet fundraising campaign on Monday
Meanwhile , the Democratic Party 's top donors were urged Tuesday to open up their wallets for Coakley as party leaders scramble to provide her with the financial resources needed to win , a Democratic Party source told CNN .
Up to 500 donors were expected to participate in an afternoon conference phone call led by Tim Kaine , the Democratic National Committee chairman .
The goal is to raise " in the significant six - figure range in the next 48 hours , " the source said .
Separately , the DNC is expected to inject $ 500,000 into the race , the source noted .
A DNC spokeswoman would not confirm the call .
CNN 's Alexander Mooney and Mark Preston contributed to this report .
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran said on Tuesday that any exchange of nuclear fuel must take place on its soil , underlining its rejection of a plan to ensure it does not amass possible atom bomb material .
EDITORS ' NOTE : Reuters and other foreign media are subject to Iranian restrictions on their ability to film or take pictures in Tehran .
A general view shows the nuclear power plant in Bushehr , about 1,215 km ( 755 miles ) south of Tehran , November 30 , 2009 .
REUTERS / ISNA / Mehdi Ghasemi
In a letter to the International Atomic Energy Agency , its first official reply to an IAEA - brokered fuel swap proposal , Iran said it would prefer simply to buy the fuel but would accept a simultaneous exchange on its territory .
That would be unacceptable to the United States and European allies , which hope to get new sanctions imposed in the coming weeks after failing to reach agreement on the fuel exchange .
But China expressed reservations over sanctions again , saying greater diplomatic efforts were needed .
Western countries fear Iran wants to stockpile uranium to enrich it to levels that could be used for nuclear weapons .
Iran says its sole aim is to run nuclear energy plants to generate electricity and produce isotopes for medicine or agriculture .
“ In order to bring about a constructive interaction , we have declared our readiness for a fuel swap , provided it is done within the country , ” said Iranian Foreign Ministry spokesman Ramin Mehmanparast , cementing remarks by other Iranian officials .
“ We are prepared for a fuel swap even though we do not regard this condition of supplying fuel to the Tehran research reactor through a swap as correct . ”
Washington called Iran ’s response a “ red herring ” that brought nothing new to the discussion .
“ The Iranian counterproposal is unacceptable , as we ’ve made clear before , and we will continue to work within the IAEA but also we will continue to consult from the international standpoint on appropriate next steps , including prospective sanctions , ” said U.S. State Department spokesman P.J. Crowley .
Earlier this month , Iran announced a start to higher - scale enrichment that would refine uranium to 20 percent purity -- the level needed for conversion into fuel plates for its
Tehran research reactor , which makes isotopes for cancer patients .
Iran said it was boosting enrichment itself because the West was refusing to budge from terms drawn up by the U.N. nuclear watchdog under which Iran would ship 70 percent of its low - enriched uranium abroad and wait up to a year to get reactor fuel back in exchange .
Iran formally stated its position on the four - month - old fuel swap plan in its letter to the IAEA .
The letter , obtained by Reuters , said the Tehran reactor ’s fuel stock , imported from Argentina in 1993 , was “ approaching its end . ”
Analysts say Iran lacks the technical means to make the reactor fuel itself and has earmarked for 20 percent enrichment a quantity of low - enriched uranium far in excess of the reactor ’s needs .
That raised suspicions it eventually aims to enrich the material to the 90 percent purity suitable for warheads .
The IAEA said in a report last week that Iran may now be working to develop a nuclear - armed missile , providing further grist to Western countries hoping to persuade China , which has U.N. Security Council veto power , to back harsher sanctions .
CHINESE RESISTANCE
China , which has faced Western sanctions itself in the past , has resisted calls for tough measures against Tehran .
“ We hope relevant parties can show flexibility to create conditions for completely and properly solving the Iran nuclear problem through diplomatic efforts , ” Foreign Ministry spokesman Qin Gang told reporters .
The State Department said the United States ’ patience with negotiation was running out .
“ We have not closed the door to further engagement .
But you actually have to have a willing partner to engage , ” said Crowley .
“ The fact is Iran makes these series of statements day after day , week after week , but it refuses to come to the table and actually negotiate in good faith . ”
Both the United States and Iran appear to be upping the stakes in a seven - year stand - off over Tehran ’s nuclear activity .
Iran said it had identified potential sites for 10 new enrichment plants , two of which could start construction this year .
Analysts say Iran lacks the technical capacity to launch any for at least several years .
Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu called for an embargo on Iran ’s huge oil and gas sector , even if the United Nations did not back such a drastic move .
Tehran accuses Western powers of fomenting unprecedented protests by opponents of President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad since his disputed re-election last June .
The unrest plunged Iran into its worst internal crisis since the 1979 Islamic revolution .
The United States and Israel have not ruled out military action against Iran over the nuclear issue .
“ No power can harm Iran , ” Ahmadinejad said in a televised speech in the eastern province of Khorasan-e Jonubi .
“ The Iranian nation will chop off the hands from the arm of any attacker from any part of the world . ”
Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani , a key figure in Iran ’s ruling elite , rallied support around Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei and the government in Iran ’s twin conflict with domestic dissenters and foreign powers over the nuclear issue .
Ahmadinejad ’s followers have criticized former president Rafsanjani for failing to give Khamenei unswerving support against the protest movement .
“ Our focal point is clear and that is the constitution , Islam , the principle of the office of the jurisprudent and supreme leadership , ” Rafsanjani told the powerful Assembly of Experts , which he heads .
10 of 12
The Trad
Also Known As : The New Englander , the professor .
Dress code :
Tweed blazers , button - down oxford - cloth shirts , rumpled khaki chinos .
First known sighting :
The original J. Press shop in New Haven , Connecticut , 1902 .
Recent sighting : Hipster coffee shop near you .
Hall of Famers : Miles Davis , George Plimpton , John Updike .
Signature accessory : Knit tie .
Bragging rights :
Wearing the same pair of khakis for fifteen years .
Cause for stress :
Hole in the crotch of said khakis .
Pickup line : " I like your cardigan . "
Favorite book : The Stories of John Cheever .
On his iPod : Talking Heads .
In his driveway : 1983 Mercedes Benz S - Series .
In his closet : Three - button wool herringbone blazer ( $ 265 ) by J. Crew ; cotton shirt ( $ 30 ) by L.L. Bean ; cotton tie ( $ 95 ) by Gant ; cotton trousers ( $ 98 ) by Dockers ; leather belt ( $ 45 ) by J. Press ; leather loafers ( $ 495 ) by Prada ; glasses ( $ 405 ) by Tom Ford .
The impact of crisis - driven protectionism on EU exports :
The “ Russian doll ” effect
Lucian Cernat , Nuno Sousa
What is the impact of crisis - led protectionism on trade ?
This column provides a new way to interpret protectionism – the “ Russian doll ” effect – and shows that the effect on EU exports has been more severe than the rest of the world .
The trade collapse of 2009 was as severe as in the Great Depression – if not more so .
The two years following the Smoot - Hawley tariff of June 1930 saw the volume of U.S. imports fall by over 40 % .
Misguided trade policy was responsible for 25 % of this trade collapse .
The Smoot - Hawley tariff alone accounted for 4 % –8 % , while the combination of specific duties and deflation – which further raised the effective tariff – reduced imports by an additional 8 % –10 % ( Irwin , 1998 ) .
The modern - day crisis has also triggered protectionist responses .
The Global Trade Alert , along with other international organisations such as the WTO , has exposed numerous protectionist measures over the past months ( Evenett 2009 ) .
As argued in VoxEU 's The Great Trade Collapse , however , the emerging consensus is that the decline in world trade was primarily a reaction to the financial and economic crisis – notably the slump in demand and disruption of trade finance – rather than driven by trade policy ( Baldwin 2009 ) .
In this column , we contribute to this debate by focusing on the EU .
We examine the impact of protectionist measures taken by the EU 's trading partners on the region 's exports .
We make use of the latest WTO dataset and a number of systematic reviews of crisis - driven protectionist measures taken around the world , including the November 2009 European Commission report on potentially trade restrictive measures .
Dissecting protectionist measures
Understanding crisis - led protectionism is like opening up a Russian doll .
Protectionist measures are both independent and interconnected – in the same way as Russian dolls are all a part of one another .
Traded products can be affected by tariffs , non-tariff measures , regulatory issues , subsidies , import bans , and “ buy local ” clauses .
These interventions can have an affect on some or all traded products .
Protectionist measures such as an import license can affect a narrowly defined product whereas customs procedures or balance of payment measures will apply to a broad range .
An appropriate analysis of crisis - led protectionism must therefore go beyond merely counting protectionist measures and then estimating the net effect on trade .
But opening " Russian doll " - style protectionist measures is not an exact science – labelling a specific measure as protectionist or discriminatory requires careful judgement .
With these complexities in mind , we apply an intermediate level of analysis to assess the magnitude of EU exports that have been potentially negatively affected by protectionist measures .
How much EU trade has been affected by crisis - driven “ border protectionism ” ?
We use the latest WTO and European Commission data and find that new border measures such as tariffs , quotas , import licenses , reference prices , and import bans have targeted around 1.7 % of EU exports ( based on 2008 trade figures ) .
1
While this confirms the claim that “ border protectionism ” has been relatively minor , the EU does not compare favourably with the rest of the world .
The latest WTO monitoring report estimates that import restrictions introduced since October 2008 cover a maximum of only around 1 % of world trade in merchandise .
2
When looking at the systemic implications of crisis - led protectionism , the data show that most new border restrictions have been imposed by a limited number of relatively small EU trading partners .
The clear exception is Russia .
Figure 1 .
New border restriction on EU exports , by trading partner
Source : Authors ’ calculations
Russia was the second - largest market for EU exports in 2008 and has been responsible for the introduction of measures that were worth almost 75 % of the total value of EU global exports affected by protectionism .
In total , the measures affected around 15.5 % of total EU exports to Russia .
Tariff increases have had the most significant impact on EU exports .
Tariffs alone target around 1.5 % of the EU exports , out of the total 1.7 % of exports affected by border measures .
( See the Appendix Table 1 for details . )
Although the percentage of EU exports affected is small , in absolute terms this means that around € 22 billion worth of merchandise exports are now subject to increased protection .
The affected trade could actually be somewhat larger if the indirect effects of third - country protectionist measures on global value chains are included , such as the impact of other countries ’ measures against non-EU exports of finished products incorporating EU intermediate exports .
Complications in the calculations
But it is important to note that these estimates are overestimates .
Many measures target very detailed products or tariff lines , but with the WTO dataset we can only identify products affected by protectionist measures at a more aggregate level – namely HS6 .
This implies an overestimate , as not all products in a given HS6 category are affected by a given tariff - line change .
Given the intricate and complex nature of protectionist tendencies , however , this overestimate of border - related trade effects may still underestimate the overall impact of crisis - led protectionism in reality , given that behind - the - border measures such as “ buy local ” provisions are not included .
Looking inside the Russian doll
Understanding the full impact of protectionism requires an assessment not just of affected trade but , more importantly , of the lost trade flows .
As with Russian dolls , however , the more layers one sheds , the less that remains .
This lost trade core effect of protectionism is by definition smaller than the 1.7 % affected trade that we estimated for the EU .
But this trade loss cannot be quantified without further detailed analysis of each individual measure .
The analysis is complicated further by the fact that a number of countries have used non-tariff border measures .
Some anecdotal evidence suggests that the introduction of non-automatic import licenses in Argentina has been burdensome for businesses ; such licenses often take as many as 30 days to be processed due to a backlog of applications .
A one - day delay in granting an import license in middle - income countries in manufactures could be equivalent to a considerable tariff increase such as 0.4 % in textiles and 1.5 % in mineral - based products ( Minor and Tsigas 2008 ) .
This suggests that non-tariff border measures could have a significant impact on exports .
A thorough analysis of crisis - led protectionism should also include indirect effects , like the impact of export restrictions on intermediate imports ( e.g. raw materials ) that could be essential determinants of export performance .
On a global scale , the introduction of new exports restrictions has been fairly limited .
Only Argentina , Russia , China , Indonesia , and Vietnam have made use of these instruments .
In some cases , however , bilateral effects can reach more significant levels .
For instance , Indonesia 's new regulation stipulating that exports worth $ 1 million must be supported by letters of credit will affect products that represent around 23 % of the EU 's 2008 imports .
How well has the trading system coped with protectionist tendencies ?
The fact that only a few countries resorted to border measures can be interpreted as evidence that the WTO passed an important stress test – perhaps its most important since its inception as the GATT in 1947 .
Clearly a 1930s - style protectionist spiral has been avoided .
Russia , which has not yet acceded to the WTO , is among the countries that have used border measures most widely , offering a glimpse of what might have happened without the current trade rules .
Countries such as Bolivia , South Africa , Egypt , and Indonesia have made extensive use of the " flexibility " that WTO rules offer by pushing up applied tariffs to bound levels .
3
But , clearly the WTO system of rules has worked to restrict some policy initiatives by providing a legal basis for their withdrawal , for example in the case of Ukraine , which has inadequately resorted to trade measures to tackle a balance of payment crisis .
Murkier forms of protection
Digging beyond this first layer of the " Russian - doll " - style protectionism may reveal several other layers of protectionist initiatives that are increasingly more difficult to analyse from a trade policy perspective but may affect even larger shares of exports .
There seems to be some correlation between the propensity to impose more complex forms of protectionist measures and the lack of boundaries coming from the WTO legal framework .
The G20 partially managed to address this threat at an early stage of the crisis through a self - imposed standstill on new measures that could restrict or distort investment or trade .
Despite this , it is clear that the trading system has proved – as expected – to be the most vulnerable .
The unprecedented public support to the economy may have helped to prevent an escalation of inward - looking policies , but it poses challenges to the competition environment .
Uncovering and quantifying the implications for trade will require more detailed analysis on an individual basis grounded on extensive information about the specific design of interventionist measures .
Conclusion
Compared to the Great Depression , the systemic impact of today ’s protectionist tendencies has been contained .
Less than 1 % of global trade and less than 2 % of EU exports have been affected by such measures .
But this crisis might put an additional strain on those areas where the absence of clear WTO rules offers unbounded " protectionist policy space ” .
This in turn could prevent trade from unleashing its full potential as an engine for economic recovery .
One can only hope that the more dangerous layers of " Russian - doll " - style protectionism remain unopened .
Disclaimer :
The views expressed herein are those of the authors and do not necessarily reflect the views of the European Commission or EU Member States .
The authors would like to thank Denis Redonnet , Marco Dueerkop , and Iglika Yakova for useful comments .
Footnotes
1 Similarly to the WTO computations , only trade measures that are actually in force are covered .
However , we aim to focus exclusively on crisis - related measures and therefore , contrary to the WTO , we excluded import bans related to the H1N1 virus outbreak as well as the use of trade defence instruments .
Data from the World Bank show that the use of TDI has not been , at least so far , greatly affected by the crisis , see World Bank ( 2009 ) .
2 We also note that some countries introduced measures aimed to liberalise imports .
Such measures have targeted products that represent around 0.4 % of EU exports in 2008 .
However , in some cases the lifting of import restrictions is specifically targeting raw materials and aim to increase the effective protection in certain downstream industries .
3 Other countries such as India , Indonesia , Mexico , Turkey , Brazil and Vietnam have also taken advantage of this policy space but they have done so in a more " selective " fashion .
References
Baldwin , Richard ( ed ) ( 2009 ) , The great trade collapse : Causes , Consequences and Prospects , VoxEU.org .
European Commission ( 2009 ) , “ Fifth report on potentially trade restrictive measures in the context of the global economic crisis ” , November .
Evenett , Simon ( ed ) ( 2009 ) , The Unrelenting Pressure of Protectionism : The 3rd GTA Report , Centre for Economic Policy Research .
Irwin , Douglas ( 1998 ) , " The Smoot - Hawley Tariff : A Quantitative Assessment " , Review of Economic and Statistics , vol. 80 ( 2 ) , pages 326-334 .
Minor , Peter and Marinos Tsigas ( 2008 ) , " Impacts of Better Trade Facilitation in Developing Countries : Analysis with a New GTAP Database for the Value of Time in Trade " .
World Bank ( 2009 ) , " The Pattern of Antidumping and Other Types of Contingent Protection " World Bank PREM Notes No. 144 , 21 October .
Appendix
Appendix Table 1 . Overview of measures affecting EU trade flows by type and by partners ( Measures imposed since October and that are actually in force in November 2009 )
Trade restricting / distorting measures
Trade promoting measures Tariffs Quotas Reference prices Import proceduresa Export relatedb Tariffs License Export related Argentina X X X X X Australia X Bolivia X Brazil X X Canada X X China X X X X Ecuador X X Egypt X India X X X X Indonesia X X X Korea X Malaysia X X Mexico X X Mongolia X Russia X X X X X Vietnam X X X Turkey X S. Africa X Switzerland X US X
Source : WTO .
Legend :
a. Includes non-automatic import licenses , shipping inspections , etc .
b. Includes export restrictions ( namely tariffs and quotas ) as well as export support measures .
( Natural News )
The attempted flight 253 terrorist attack on Christmas Day gave way to the immediate unveiling of full - body human x-ray machines that some alleged experts believe should be installed at every airport in order to ensure national security .
These large , expensive machines emit a hefty dose of ionic radiation that can cause DNA damage and may contribute to the development of cancer .
Each time there is a terrorist attack or an attempted terrorist attack , the federal Transportation Security Agency ( TSA ) and the U.S. Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) seem to have yet another invasive technology up their sleeve that they claim will make our skies safer .
This time , TSA has proposed using giant backscatter x-ray machines on every passenger .
These devices send ionizing radiation a few centimeters into the skin which outputs an image of a passenger 's naked body .
TSA officials can then inspect the image to see if a passenger is hiding weapons or other prohibited materials somewhere on or in their bodies .
Aside from the fact that the new protocol is grossly invasive of personal privacy and an obstruction of individual liberty , the ionizing radiation emitted from the machines threatens to damage chromosomal DNA and human cell proteins which can lead to cancer and other problems .
TSA Security Laboratory Directory Susan Hallowell insists that the x-ray technology used in the machines is perfectly safe , equating it to be " about the same as sunshine . "
Recent research , however , is indicating that there is virtually no safe level of ionizing radiation ; even very low doses can cause significant harm over time .
Dr. John Gofman , Professor Emeritus of Molecular and Cell Biology at the University of California , Berkeley , has been studying ionizing radiation for years and has determined that low doses can accumulate over time and induce things like cancer and ischemic heart disease .
Americans receive x-rays so often that the radiological impact is quite high .
Dr. Gofman says that x-rays play a role in 50 percent of cancers and 60 percent of heart diseases in the U.S.
In breast cancer , x-rays are a co-factor in about 75 percent of cases .
Since heart disease and cancer are the top two causes of death in the U.S. and x-rays play a role in the majority of cases , it is valid to question the legitimacy of introducing yet one more source of ionizing radiation .
The irony is that , according to Dr. Gofman , TSA is responding to an attempted terrorist bombing by suggesting the forcible " bombing " of our DNA with damaging radiation .
Sources for this story include : http://www.infowars.com/full-body-scanners-t...
Strip - it is a ( web ) software that permits to dynamically generate a ( web ) gallery for ( web ) comic - strips draw in SVG ( web , thus ) .
Features
Strips are ordered chronologically , with images in the PNG format .
Metadata are automatically extracted from a source file in SVG ( author , title , license , ... ) .
Adding a new image is as simple as upload it with a FTP client .
The gallery is reachable through a web page or a RSS feed .
A thumbnail gallery view , the possibility of creating your own design and traductions and a caching system complete the whole thing .
Demo
Strip - It has been coded for publishing the Geekscottes , some small strips in french , trying to transcribe the demanding humor of free softwares enthusiasts .
Code
Strip - It is programmed in PHP , uses the Flexy template system ( from PEAR ) and no database .
The software is distributed under the terms of the GPL
For more informations , see the project page on sourceforge .
We are looking for people to join us in a zombie walk on February 6 , the night of the opening reception .
We will meet on the south east corner of Main St. and Atlantic St. Come in tattered clothing , darkened eye sockets and bloodied .
We meet at 6:20 to go over the rules and the walk will begin at 6:30 pm .
There will be a lead zombie for everyone to follow till the front entrance of Nucleus at which point will signal the opening of the show .
Details HERE : http://gallerynucleus.com/pop/732
View this Zombie Walk online to get a better idea :- Join us at at Atlantic and Main St. in a Pre-Valentine Zombie Walk to signal the opening of the exhibition .
Details and rules HERE - Zombie walkers arrive and exhibition starts .
( free entrance gift while supplies last ) - Eat My Taco will be selling tacos and thewill begin in the parking lot behind Nucleus .
Rent gas powered airsoft guns to shoot at real live zombie actors .- first raffle giveaway .
Live Zombie Drawing starts .
Artist CHRIS LANE will begin signing his book " Zombies : A Record of the Year of Infection " - second raffle giveaway - Surprise live in gallery performance by " Teen Groov " - Best Zombie contestants sign in for competition ( show us your best zombie walk / costume )
The butterfly effect is n't just a confusing mess of a movie about prison beatings and child molestation starring the guy from Punk'd , it 's an actual scientific principal .
Every day , seemingly insignificant things can make changes on a global scale .
6 Termites Are Warming the Planet
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
If we said termites have a worldwide impact , you 'd assume we 're talking about eating buildings .
And they do their share of damage ( to the tune of about $ 2.5 billion a year ) but their real impact is less obvious .
Most of the planet 's population of termites are living peacefully in massive colonies in more tropical regions ( well , we guess they live peacefully , the other bugs may consider them assholes for all we know ) .
They live in giant mounds , they look like either aliens have invaded and built mini skyscrapers , or the earth itself is sporting wood .
Figure 1.1 : Earth - boner .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
So how are these little guys changing the planet ?
Well ...
The Impact :
Those giant mounds actually serve a greater purpose than just giving anteaters easy access to food .
They are actually part of a complex HVAC system that termites use to regulate the temperature of their colonies and move gases in and out .
Which gas is being emitted by the termites that requires a structure the size of a skyscraper to manage ?
It 's Methane , also known as the almost - as - bad - as - CO2 contributor to Global Warming .
Fuck !
Global warming again ?
But how in the hell can these tiny things emit enough of any gas for anybody to even notice ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Through sheer numbers .
See , each of those mounds can hold up to two million termites .
There are thought to be 250 trillion termites in the world ( outnumbering humans 40,000 - to - one ) , and that 's one of the more conservative estimates .
250 trillion of these .
Imagine all of them together , farting out methane 24 hours a day .
Experts think they 're the second largest source of natural methane in the world , though some estimates think it 's far more than that .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
It 's almost inspirational , if you think about it .
That by working together , even the tiniest of us can combine our efforts and , uh , destroy a planet .
Photo of Palestinians dressed up as Navi tribe from the film Avatar during weekly protest against the wall today , from unnamed photog for Reuters , at the Telegraph site .
The video :
With the increasing computing power available to even casual users , the security - conscious have had to move on to increasingly robust encryption , lest they find their information vulnerable to brute - force attacks .
The latest milestone to fall is 768 - bit RSA ; in a paper posted on a cryptography preprint server , academic researchers have now announced that they factored one of these keys in early December .
Most modern cryptography relies on single large numbers that are the product of two primes .
If you know the numbers , it 's relatively easy to encrypt and decrypt data ; if you do n't , finding the numbers by brute force is a big computational challenge .
But this challenge gets easier every year as processor speed and efficiency increase , making " secure " a bit of a moving target .
The paper describes how the process was done with commodity hardware , albeit lots of it .
Their first step involved sieving , or identifying appropriate integers ; that took the equivalent of 1,500 years on one core of a 2.2GHz Opteron ; the results occupied about 5TB .
Those were then uniqued and processed into a matrix ; because of all the previous work , actually using the matrix to factor the RSA value only took a cluster less than half a day .
Although most people are n't going to have access to these sorts of clusters , they represent a trivial amount of computing power for many organizations .
As a result , the authors conclude , " The overall effort is sufficiently low that even for short - term protection of data of little value , 768 - bit RSA moduli can no longer be recommended . "
1024 - bit values should be good for a few years still .
Given that these developments are somewhat inevitable , even the authors sound a bit bored by their report .
" There is nothing new to be reported for the square root step , except for the resulting factorization of RSA - 768 " they write .
" Nevertheless , and for the record , we present some of the details . "
Still , they manage to have a little fun , in one place referencing a YouTube clip of a Tarantino film following their use of the term " bingo . "
Auckland City Council Threatens Unite Leader
Auckland City Council Threatens Unite Leader
The Auckland City Council has threatened to arrest the head of the Unite Union Matt McCarten and campaign volunteers tonight if they attempt to gather signatures in the union campaign to raise the minimum wage to $ 15 an hour .
" Volunteers from the Campaign for a Living Wage will gather in Princes Street outside the Lantern Festival tonight at 6 pm to exercise their democratic rights to collect petition signatures as they have done a many other public events . " said Campaign organiser Joe Carolan .
" The council 's threat comes after senior council bureauacrats had two dozen police and security guards surround a campaign stall outside the Lantern Festival last night .
The council instructed the police to arrest everyone .
The over the top intimidation by the council was a scene more reminiscent of Tianenmen Square than the Lantern Festival .
After a stand off for more than an hour the police accepted the union had a right to be there and withdrew . "
" Community events are public events , open to the people of New Zealand , and largely paid for by the taxes of working people . " said Unite leader Matt McCarten .
" After the failure of their attempt to have people arrested last night a senior council bureaucrat Daniel Harrison informed Councillor Graeme Easte today that he will tell police to arrest petitioners on the basis that the petition activity is hawking .
This is nonsense and a deliberate mis-use of council by - laws . "
" Our union will be defying this undemocratic ban , and we have received support from Councillors Easte , Waiheke Island Councillor Denise Roche , and AUSA President Elliot Blade . "
We also think it is interesting that the council tried to remove our union stall last night only half an hour before the arrival of John Key and John Banks on the street known opponents of our campaign . "
" This is an important democratic principle and we will not be intimidated by a council that intends to use police to arrest us tonight " says Mr McCarten
" Is this the style of leadership Mr Banks wants to give the city and Mr Key the country where police are used to illegally deal to democractic rights "
ENDS
© Scoop Media
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
AP contributed to this report .
A day after Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu returned from a two - day trip to Moscow , the Russian Interfax news agency on Wednesday quoted a top Russian defense official as saying that S - 300 air defense missiles will be delivered to Iran once unspecified technical problems are resolved .
According to Interfax , Alexander Fomin , deputy head of the Federal Military - Technical Cooperation Service , said that the delay in the delivery of the weapons system is “ taking place because of technical problems .
The delivery will take place when they have been resolved . ” Russia and Iran reached agreement on the contract in 2007 , but Moscow has still not delivered the anti-aircraft missiles which would significantly boost Iran ’s ability to protect its nuclear installations .
On the eve of Netanyahu ’s visit , the deputy head of Russia ’s National Security Council , Vladimir Nazarov , was quoted as saying the weapons systems would be delivered .
Netanyahu asked at a press conference specifically about whether he received assurances that Moscow would not deliver the weapons systems , said “ I trust what I heard from the president of Russia .
I trust him because I know that in this issue Russia is guided by concerns about regional stability .
” Israel has said in the past that the sale of S - 300s to Iran would tip the strategic balance in the region .
Though asked again about the issue a couple of other times during hisvisit , Netanyahu stuck to that formulaic reply , and would not provideany more details .
To send to more than one person , separate addresses with a comma .
Tell a friend ( or remind yourself ) about this product .
We 'll instantly send an email containing product info and a link to it .
You may also enter a personal message .
We do not use or store email addresses from this form for any other purpose than sending your share email .
Read our Privacy Policy .
This whole " free add - ons for those who buy our videogames new " thing is n't going away , it would seem .
As hinted at previously by DICE , Battlefield : Bad Company 2 will be getting two downloadable maps on launch .
So long as you have one of the codes included with new copies of the game , it 'll be free .
Otherwise , you better cough up some cash , son ( $ 15 ) .
Since it 's clear this is only the beginning of the freebies , it might be wise to , I do n't know , just buy Bad Company 2 at full price .
Included with this morsel of news was a video of the DLC ; watch it !
As far as the maps go , Nelson Bay look decent .
The other day - one map , Laguna Alta , is where it 's at , though .
While that 's mostly my total love for ATVs in a first - person shooter speaking , the locale being something other than a dark , snowy place is quite nice too .
[ Thanks , Andre ]
At first glance , I thought Mathmos has released a new mood light , but that glowing blue image is actually of Saturn , captured by the Hubble telescope .
It 's a very rare photo , as both poles and rings are visible .
Advertisement
You actually just make out the Northern Lights - like aurorae on both poles , which is apparently caused by solar wind from the sun mixing up with molecules .
Sadly , this is the only chance you 'll get at having Saturn 's aurorae as your desktop wallpaper , as the angle from which they can be viewed at is only possible twice every 30 years , and the Hubble telescope will no longer be used when the next opportunity comes along .
I feel pretty sad about that , but not as sad as I was when reading xkcd 's biography on the life of the Mars Spirit Rover .
Let 's not get our space - set emotional battles mixed up , now .
[ The Guardian ]
About Shaun M. Thomas
Shaun was born in Washington state in 1977 with a major heart defect that kept him inside mostly in the company of books .
The surgery in 1984 kept him alive , but the tone was already set : libraries became his home , books a constant companion .
He started writing at twelve and never stopped , though distracted by school and career along the way .
Shaun works as a Database Administrator in the Chicago area now , writing for the sheer joy of it , hoping his idle ruminations entertain at least a couple other people .
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
ROY --
A family escapes a fire , but now their home is destroyed .
The fire burned in a Roy home for several hours Tuesday night before someone in the house finally spotted the smoke and flames around 1:30 Wednesday morning .
Investigators say the fire started under the porch where the family kept their animals .
A heat lamp was kept under their porch to keep the family 's rooster and rabbit warm during the night .
That lamp started some straw on fire , and then the fire slowly burned up into the house for the next four hours .
As this Roy family surveys the damage to the back of their home , firefighters say the mistake of placing a heat lamp under their porch to keep animals warm is one that many people make .
Chief John Ritchie of the Roy City Fire Department said , " People , probably as we speak , are saying , ‘ I am dong that in my garage , I 'm doing that underneath my deck as well . ' "
Chief John Ritchie of the Roy City Fire Department said the mistake using of a heat lamp to keep animals warm is one that many people make .
The fire started Tuesday night around 9:00 p.m. when the lamp caught dry straw on fire .
It burned in between the walls , and then up into the attic .
It was n't until 1:30 a.m.
Wednesday that one of the teenage boys in the house started hearing the crackling .
" He immediately yelled for his mother and two other brothers to get out of the home .
At the same time , the smoke alarms starting going off , " Ritchie said .
Mary Pundt , the boy 's grandmother , said , " He went upstairs and the kitchen was engulfed in flames , the house was full of smoke and he ran around and got everybody out . "
The teen got everyone out of the house , including his brother , Kasey .
" I did n't even get anything , I just left .
I just got out of the house , " Kasey said .
The fire destroyed a majority of the house and most of the family 's personal belongings .
It spared , however , two of the family 's treasured heirlooms , a cedar chest and bible .
" It was her grandma 's bible , " Pundt said of her daughter , the homeowner .
" They said you would n't believe the shape that the bible is still in , so we 're grateful . "
The family says they 're also grateful that everyone came away from the fire unharmed .
Now they say they need to figure out what to do next .
Firefighters say they will likely rebuild the house , and when they do , they suggest finding an alternative for keeping their pets warm .
" It 's an accident , " Ritchie said .
" This is obviously something you do n't point fingers at , but if you ask me , I would discourage the use of heat lamps of any kind . "
As for the two animals , they somehow survived this fire .
They 're now staying at a neighbor 's house while the family gets back on their feet .
E-mail : spark@ksl.com
×
Photos
By a 5 - 4 vote , the U.S. Supreme Court kept in place Wednesday its order blocking video coverage of the trial of California ’s Proposition 8 , with a conservative majority ruling that defenders of the ban on same - sex marriage would likely face “ irreparable harm ” if the proceedings were broadcast to the public .
“ It would be difficult -- if not impossible -- to reverse the harm of those broadcasts , ” the court wrote in an unsigned opinion .
The witnesses , including paid experts , could suffer “ harassment , ” and they “ might be less likely to cooperate in any future proceedings . ”
The high court also faulted U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker for changing the rules “ at the eleventh hour ” to “ allow the broadcasting of this high - profile trial ” that will decide whether gays and lesbians have a right to marry in California .
The unsigned opinion clearly speaks for Chief Justice John G. Roberts Jr. , and Justices Antonin Scalia , Clarence Thomas , Anthony M. Kennedy and Samuel A. Alito Jr .
The four liberal justices dissented and accused their colleagues of changing the court ’s rules so as to “ micromanage ” a trial judge .
“ The Court today issues an order that will prevent the transmission of proceedings in a nonjury civil case of great public interest to five other federal courthouses , ” wrote Justice Stephen G. Breyer .
“ The majority ’s action today is unusual .
It grants a stay in order . . . to intervene in a matter of local court administration that it would not ( and should not ) consider .
It cites no precedent for doing so .
It identifies no real harm , let alone ‘ irreparable harm ’. . . .
And the public interest weighs in favor of providing access to the courts . ”
Justices John Paul Stevens , Ruth Bader Ginsburg and Sonia Sotomayor agreed .
The court ’s order means that the trial can be seen only inside the courthouse in San Francisco .
Last week , Walker said the trial would be taped each day and posted on YouTube each evening .
On Monday , he revised that plan somewhat and said the video coverage would appear on the court ’s website .
He also planned to have the proceedings streamed live to several courthouses around the country .
But the high court issued a temporary order Monday morning to stop the video coverage .
The extent of the split became apparent Wednesday afternoon when the court issued the 17 - page opinion and 10 - page dissent .
The majority cited newspaper accounts from the last year to bolster its contention that opponents of same - sex marriage have been “ subject to harassment , ” including “ confrontational phone calls and e-mail messages ” and even “ death threats . ”
Under the court ’s rules , the justices do not intervene in pending cases unless they are convinced that the appealing side has a strong legal claim as well as evidence of “ an irreparable harm ” if the court fails to act .
Breyer scoffed at the notion that the witnesses in this case would face harm , because they have gone on television in the past to advocate their views .
“ They are all experts or advocates who have either already appeared on television or Internet broadcasts , already toured the state advocating a ‘ yes ’ vote on Proposition 8 , ” he said .
Advocates for equal marriage rights lambasted the decision .
“ The Supreme Court just struck a huge blow against transparency and accountability , ” said Rick Jacobs , chairman of the Courage Campaign in Los Angeles .
“ The five conservative justices are enabling Prop. 8 supporters to mask their radical views .
This historic trial will remain largely hidden from public view . ”
Edward Whelan , a conservative critic of Walker , praised the majority for acting to rebuke him .
He accused Walker of seeking a “ show trial ” in San Francisco to intimidate and embarrass the defenders of California ’s voter initiative prohibiting same - sex marriage .
david.savage@latimes.com
India 's wealthy can be strangely stingy .
BMW became the country 's top - selling luxury car brand last year after less than three years in the country by giving consumers a choice of different sizes of luxury sedans , SUVs and even convertibles , said Peter Kronschnabl , president of BMW India .
However , one of the most important options for many Indians that end up buying BMWs is a diesel - powered engine .
Around 40 % of BMW models available in India are diesel powered .
While ...
The boats were loaded with aid today and ready to leave for AL Arish , the plan was that we would meet them there , as we would fly to Al Arish and arrive before the boats .
However , the update is that the Israelis have just announced that they will be performing military operations in these waters and therefore the aid has no way of passing through these waters .
So there is no point getting flights to Al Arish tomorrow as the aid wont be arriving .
Of course , it now seems highly unlikely that we will get to the Rafah crossing between the 3rd and 6th when Egypt said the gates would be open to us .
The Convoy is now brought to a total standstill .
The Israelis have pulled a very dirty tactic here if what we are hearing is true .
For now this is all we are hearing .
More updates when we get them .
Derry to Gaza Team
We 're not so good at keeping New Year 's Resolutions , so let 's resolve not to make any .
Instead , think about what the stress points in your life are and how you might ease them .
Produced by Japanese company Megahouse , the GUMMIX kit allows kids and grown - ups to make their own jelly insects , as pranks or food decorations .
GUMMIX is part of the Megahouse 2010 Shokking lineup , and consists of special gelatin powder and insect molds .
It ’s as simple as it is fun .
Just mix the gelatin with fruit syrup , ketchup or soy sauce , depending on what you ’re trying to achieve , and pour the mixture into the molds .
When the jelly starts to harden , attach the limbs with the included tweezers , and there you have it , an edible bug .
The GUMMIX insect kit comes with a mixing cup , recipe cards , and 4 moulds of a beetle , a crawfish , a stag beetle and a sow bug .
It costs 3675 yen ( $ 40 ) and you can purchase 3 extra moulds , for 1570 yen each ( $ 17 ) .
via Gigazine
Maryland 's attorney general said Wednesday that the state may legally recognize same - sex marriages performed in other states .
The 45 - page opinion from Attorney General Douglas F. Gansler was addressed to state Sen. Richard S. Madaleno Jr .
" You have asked whether those marriages may be recognized under state law .
The answer to that question is clearly ' yes , ' " Gansler wrote .
He noted that his opinion is " not itself the law of Maryland in the same sense as a statute enacted by the Legislature or court decision elaborating the common law or construing a statute . "
Rather , it is an interpretation of law intended to guide courts and government agencies , he said .
" Thus , what we say in this opinion is a prediction , not a prescription , as to the how the court would approach this issue under current law , " Gansler wrote .
His office said that he cannot direct the actions of state agencies .
But Maryland Gov. Martin O'Malley said Wednesday afternoon that the state " will be guided by the attorney general 's thorough analysis and legal advice on this matter . "
He added , " I am confident that the attorney general and his office will provide all necessary advice to state agencies on how to comply with the law , and I expect all state agencies to work with the attorney general 's office to ensure compliance with the law . "
Further details were not immediately available , and the governor 's office did not return phone calls seeking clarification .
It was unclear what the immediate ramifications of Gansler 's opinion would be in Maryland .
One state representative , Del. Emmett Burns -- who sponsored a bill earlier this year that would have barred the state from recognizing same - sex marriages performed in other states and other countries -- said the attorney general 's opinion " muddles the waters . "
Burns ' bill failed in committee .
Referring to the opinion , Burns said , " I do n't think it 's worth a bucket of warm spit .
... I do n't think it 's something that is going to make that big of a difference . "
He said the issue is likely to be decided through legislation or in a court case .
He noted that state Sen. Norman Stone is sponsoring a bill that mirrors Burns ' failed one .
Also , he said , the House Judiciary Committee is considering a bill that would allow same - sex marriage .
" It 's going to be going pandemonium on the House floor " if that bill makes it out of committee , he said .
He added he believes there is much opposition in both the state House and Senate to same - sex marriage .
" I believe that the concept is going to have be settled through [ public ] referendum , " he said .
" If it were to go to referendum , my side will win . "
Maryland state law from 1973 says that only a marriage between a man and a woman is valid in the state .
However , there are no laws or court cases regarding recognition of marriages legally performed in other places , the attorney general 's office said .
Madaleno said in a statement released through Equality Maryland that the opinion is " welcome news " for same - sex couples legally married in states where the practice is allowed , and " nothing in the attorney general 's opinion changes the fact that same - sex couples cannot obtain marriage licenses in Maryland . "
Media reports said Madaleno had asked the attorney general in May whether Maryland may legally recognize same - sex marriages .
Massachusetts , Connecticut , Vermont and New Hampshire and Iowa allow same - sex marriage .
The District of Columbia has also passed a law allowing same - sex marriage , although it has not yet taken effect .
CNN 's Taylor Gandossy contributed to this report .
Talk about your political upsets .
Texas Rep. Ron Paul , hero of a fervant band of libertarians , unexpectedly won the presidential straw poll at the Conservative Political Action Conference today , claiming 31 % of the votes cast .
Former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney , who has carried the survey for the past three years , was second at 22 % .
The straw poll is unscientific but is sometimes seen as a show of organizational strength among presidential hopefuls .
However , Paul , who made a longshot bid for the Republican nomination in 2008 , has given no indication he plans to run again .
" It is clear that Paul brought a lot of people " to CPAC , said Republican pollster Tony Fabrizio , who ran the straw poll .
Fabrizio said 2,395 of a reported 10,000 attendees voted .
It was the most votes in the history of CPAC -- about 40 % higher than last year , he said .
Fabrizio noted that Romney 's support was about the same as in last year 's straw poll but that support for former Alaska governor Sarah Palin and former House speaker Newt Gingrich was cut by about half .
Palin was at 7 % , Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty at 6 % , Indiana Rep. Mike Pence at 6 % and Gingrich and former Arkansas governor Mike Huckabee at 4 % .
Romney , Pawlenty , Pence and Gingrich had addressed this year 's CPAC , but Palin had not .
In the straw poll , a majority also said they were dissatisfied with the field of contenders for the 2012 nomination against President Obama .
The announcement of the results brought gasps , cheers and a round of boos from a packed ballroom .
The annual three - day conclave , hosted by the American Conservative Union , ends tonight with an address by Glenn Beck .
( Posted by Susan Page )
Rachel 's absolutely right , this is not a contest one should want to win , yet disturbingly , we keep getting more and more candidates , do n't we ?
Arizona Congressman Trent Franks told blogger Mike Stark that African Americans were much better off under slavery . [..]
FRANKS : In this country , we had slavery for God knows how long .
And now we look back on it and we say " How brave were they ?
What was the matter with them ?
You know , I can't believe , you know , four million slaves .
This is incredible . "
And we 're right , we 're right .
We should look back on that with criticism .
It is a crushing mark on America 's soul .
And yet today , half of all black children are aborted .
Half of all black children are aborted .
Far more of the African American community is being devastated by the policies of today than were being devastated by the policies of slavery .
And I think ,
What does it take to get us to wake up ?
That pain that feels like an ice pick gouging your brain for being exposed to such utterly ridiculous and historically ignorant ramblings ?
I have it too .
First and foremost , the statistic of half of all black babies being aborted is one wholly made up by someone who does n't grasp math , as BruinKid at DKos points out .
And they 're not babies , but pregnancies .
But the privileged white man from Arizona -- the same state who fought against a MLK Day - - saying that compared to today , blacks had it so much better while being considered a non -human piece of property is stunning .
Being separated from your family , beaten , raped , starved , and generally mistreated .
Nor , apparently , did Franks consider how many black babies of white slave owners were aborted -- or worse , victims of infanticide -- by the slave women unwilling to subject another generation to the treatment to which they were forced to endure .
Trent Franks has never been the brightest bulb in the House , sadly , so no one is particularly surprised with this latest egregiousness .
This is the same man who pandered to the birthers and called Obama " an enemy of humanity " and suggests that having terror trials in NYC is akin to asking for a nuclear attack on the same city .
He also worried about Muslims spies " infiltrating " Washington because some of the interns who worked on the Hill are * gulp * Muslim .
However , as Mike Stark points out , Franks is authentic in his concern about the prevalence of abortions :
To be fair , Congressman Franks is as sincere as he is conservative .
The issue of life never falls out of first place in his legislative priority list .
I do n’t believe for one second that he intends to insult anyone ; I do n’t think he sees the racism ( or paternalism ) in what he ’s saying .
Still …
This is pretty bad .
Yes , yes it is .
Though he 's recently announced his retirement , the chief medical officer Sir Liam Donaldson still seems to have a fair bit of fight in him .
Today he 's announced that there 's no evidence whatsoever that introducing kids to alcohol early encourages sensible drinking in later life .
In doing so he 's charging directly at the dearly held middle class myth of ' wine weaning ' .
If we all just behaved like they do on the continent , the theory goes , giving kids watered wine as we all snarf local cheeses and fresh bread under the loggia , then they wo n't turn into drunken hoodies when they grow up .
It 's a lovely notion , and fiercely cleaved to by those who summer in Provence and Umbria .
Maybe they 're right - they have the experience .
On the other hand , I heard a similar theory of child rearing in the backwoods of Tennessee as I watched a 10 year old girl put 30 rounds in a 5 " group with an AR15 assault rifle .
' Yep .
We teach em about guns early so they 'll be able to handle 'em safely when they get older ' .
When I was a kid my parents certainly were n't as middle class as they later became .
We were part of the post -60s wave of social mobility that enabled working class boys to enter the middle class by the back door of the Grammar School .
At first alcohol belonged in the pub - there was no need for a family to have it at home .
Then , slowly , wine arrived .
A bottle of Mateus Rose appeared on special occasions as Mum and Dad got into the idea of having friends round for dinner ( or possibly when we needed a new decorative lamp base ) then , as I grew up , they rode waves of Blue Nun , Black Tower , Bull 's Blood and appallingly over - oaked New World whites with along with everyone else in the country .
What I can't seem to remember is any kind of ' policy ' where my drinking was concerned .
I must have drunk the tankered and anti-freezed Liebfraumilches because I can remember their perfumed , instant headache quality , yet I certainly do n't have any recollection of being handed a small glass for my betterment or of getting quietly smashed while grazing on the leftovers .
My introduction to the demon alcohol was more to do with height and depth of voice than any great plan .
Like most people I started drinking illegally early by blagging my way into the pubs and bars of our dreary seaside town .
Once I expressed an interest in sharing their plonk , the parents cheerfully poured it out .
I think perhaps , the fact they were new to wine themselves meant they 'd felt no need to devise a way of handling my alcoholic coming of age .
Today , of course , things are very different .
The culture of guilt and prohibition that surrounds everything we indulge in makes us all keenly aware of the downsides of alcoholic consumption .
On the other hand drinking wine and having the ability to appreciate it are still perceived as indicators of class , sophistication and refinement of palate .
All of which puts middle class parents into an exquisite quandary .
Parents who wo n't let little
Sky eat dairy ' in case she develops an allergy ' or allow tiny Rufus to have the swine flu jab ' because you can't be sure its safe ' would be truly appalled at the thought that they might one day confuse a Burgundy with a Bordeaux , buy oaky Cab Sauv in a box or pronounce a T in Montrachet .
What to do … what to do ?
And , as so often in middle - class parenting , any notion of coherent logic disappears like the smoke from a scented candle .
No matter that the CMO brands it a brain - rotting poison , my kid is going to know his wine .
I suppose now I 'm grown up , write for the Guardian and live in North London I 'm about as thoroughly middle class as you can get ( a truth which still , to his credit , appals my father ) but fortunately it seems that I wo n't have to deal with a drinking policy for my own daughter for a while yet .
At six and beset with media messages about health and ' wellbeing ' she 's already an obnoxious little puritan and turns from a proffered glass of an amusing little CdR with admonishments and grimaces .
I live in fear of the day she smells the vodka in ' Daddy 's special spicy tomato juice ' and dobs me in to Childline .
I 'm actually writing this on a train , on my way to pick her up from a couple of days with her grandparents where , I 'm fairly sure , they have n't succeeded in feeding her Blue Nun .
I , on the other hand , have a hangover like a cantilevered section of the Gardens of Babylon , a bastard behind the eyes that just wo n't stop throbbing because , relieved of parental duties for a night , the first thing I do is go out and drink enough Negronis to slay an ox .
I may be a little intellectually disadvantaged by my condition right now but I 'm rapidly concluding that it's not my policy towards my daughter 's drinking that 's altering her behaviour - it 's the other way around .
So , did you learn to drink from your parents ?
And how do you propose to pass on all your wisdom to a waiting generation ?
ISTANBUL ( Reuters ) -
In the Beyoglu Anadolu religious school in Istanbul , gilded Korans line the shelves and on a table lies a Turkish translation of “ Eclipse , ” a vampire - based fantasy romance by U.S. novelist Stephanie Meyer .
Turkish girls attend a class at the Kazim Karabekir Girls ' Imam - Hatip School in Istanbul February 10 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Murad Sezer
No - one inside the school would have you believe this combination of Islamic and western influences demonstrates potential to serve as a ‘ moderate ’ educational antidote to radical Islam .
But there is fresh outside interest in schools like this , which belong to the network known as imam - hatip .
Some people , particularly officials from Afghanistan and Pakistan , have suggested the Turkish system can light the way to a less extremist religious education for their young Muslims .
The interest is understandable .
The imam - hatip network is a far cry from the western stereotype of the madrassa as an institution that teaches the Koran by rote and little else .
Originally founded to educate Muslim religious functionaries in the 1920s , the imam - hatip syllabus devotes only around 40 percent of study to religious subjects like Arabic , Islamic jurisprudence and rhetoric .
The rest is given over to secular topics .
The network has incubated the elite of the Islamist - rooted AK party which came to power in Turkey in 2002 .
Prime Minister Recep Tayyip Erdogan -- who went on to study economics -- and around one third of his party ’s MPs attended imam - hatip schools .
For Turks , however , it ’s ironic that a system which for over a decade has been suppressed by the military enforcers of secularism could be seen to champion any institutional accommodation between the Islamic and the secular .
A revised system of university credits introduced in the late 1990s puts imam - hatip students seeking to study non-religious subjects at university at a disadvantage .
“ It ’s very interesting that these schools that are so controversial in our own country have become role models elsewhere , ” said Iren Ozgur , a Turkish - American academic at New York University who has studied the imam - hatip system .
In his office close to the Golden Horn inlet of the Bosphorus , former imam - hatip pupil Huseyin Korkut believes the schools could work abroad if they remain true to “ Islamic values . ”
But he bristles at the idea of the network being pigeonholed into helping solve international security problems .
“ We are disturbed by this understanding that these schools would educate ‘ soft ’ Muslims that could easily adapt to the needs and requirements of the international authorities , ” said the moustachioed economist .
Calling himself a typical graduate of the system , Korkut works at Kirklareli University and is general director of the imam - hatip alumnae association .
Current students like Kerem Fazil Cinar , an 18 - year - old final year pupil at Beyoglu Anadolu imam - hatip School , see the system as a refuge from the perils of the outside world .
Slideshow ( 11 images )
“ In the regular school would be the danger of meeting dangerous friends who have not inherited religious values , ” said the earnest , bespectacled teenager , the beginnings of a beard sprouting from his chin .
“ The environment would be more degenerate . ”
SECULAR FOCUS
Named after the preachers and prayer - leaders it was set up to train , the imam - hatip system has earned less media attention in the west than the moderate international network set up by exiled Islamic scholar Fethullah Gulen .
There are many Gulen schools in Central Asia , and other outposts in the Balkans and Western Europe .
Last month , Afghanistan ’s Education Minister Farooq Wardak visited an imam - hatip school in Ankara and declared the system could be a model for moderate religious education in his country .
Pakistan ’s ambassador to Turkey has said the imam - hatip system was discussed in recent high - level talks .
And Wardak ’s visit followed a Russian delegation , including the deputy minister of education , which came to see the schools last year .
“ An education system should not just be an education , it should be a tool to fight extremism , ” Wardak said , adding that he was impressed by the way the imam - hatip school combined religious instruction with other subjects .
“ We need to make sure that graduates of religious schools ... also have skills and vocation , and they get a knowledge to be part of the mainstream of society . ”
Overseas interest in the schools may also have been partly kindled by Turkey ’s changing foreign policy priorities , as Ankara seeks to play a greater role among Muslim states -- including Syria and Iran -- and cools on long - term ally Israel .
Turkey ’s largest ever foreign aid effort is now directed to Afghanistan , and last year it agreed to establish a high - level co-operation council with Pakistan .
Russia is Turkey ’s main trading partner .
In imam - hatip institutions , as in every school in the country , images of Mustafa Kemal Ataturk -- the founder of the Turkish Republic -- are on display .
Students can tackle Arabic passages describing the Prophet Mohammad ’s journey to Medina in classrooms also displaying Ataturk ’s address to Turkish youth .
“ There has always been a tension between orthodoxy and heterodoxy within the framework of Turkish Islam , ” said Professor M. Hakan Yavuz , of the University of Utah ’s Middle East Center .
“ As a result Turkish Islam has these sites outside the control of orthodox Islam , and remains more pluralist , more tolerant . ”
SENSITIVE
But by singling out imam - hatip schools , Afghanistan ’s minister may unwittingly have been treading on deep Turkish sensitivities .
The network -- which with high standards and low costs proved popular with conservative Turkish families in the past -- was targeted after senior generals pushed out Turkey ’s first Islamist - led government in 1997 .
Whereas in the second half of the 1990s about 600 imam - hatip schools across the country educated half a million pupils , after what was known as the “ post - modern coup , ” imam - hatip middle schools for pupils aged 11 - 14 were abolished .
Even more damaging were the changes to the university admission system , which calculates the relevance of subjects studied at school to a student ’s proposed university course .
Modifications after 1997 meant that -- unless they chose to study religion -- imam - hatip students found their grades devalued against those of applicants from conventional schools .
Waning prospects for higher education diminished the appeal of imam - hatip schools .
Today around 450 educate 120,000 pupils .
The AKP has worked toward their rehabilitation , but it has not succeeded yet in changing university entrance requirements .
ANGER
It is in this context that students like Cinar experience the system .
Gathered in a mosque in the heart of the old city with two fellow students -- including Nur Sumeyye Karaoglan , a quiet girl in a patterned headscarf -- the young man ’s comments reflect an anger with Turkey ’s secular establishment that makes nonsense of such distinctions as “ radical ” and moderate . ”
“ Surely religion should have a public role , ” he said -- a view that flies in the face of Turkey ’s 87 years of secularism .
“ Not only in Turkey , but throughout the world . ”
Sitting among glass - walled cloisters , he warmed to the theme of Turkey ’s suppression of the imam - hatip network , and by extension of its alumni , saying his country needed men like him to stand up for religion and traditional values .
“ We want Turkish society to feel that it is right to fear us , ” he said .
Over their tea , his fellow pupils murmured in approval .
“ I am very proud to be an imam - hatip student , ” said Karaoglan , 16 , the only girl in the group .
“ I feel it is in line with human nature . ”
David Wessel , The Wall Street Journal ’ economics editor and author of “ In Fed We Trust : Ben Bernanke ’s War on the Great Panic , ” recently finished “ On the Brink , ” the new book by former Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson , which covers much of the same time period from a different vantage point .
Wessel says he ’ll leave the book reviewing to other more neutral observers , but offered this list of nuggets he gleaned from Paulson ’s account .
1. Paulson says that ever since high school he has had occasional bouts of “ dry heaves ” at moments of exhaustion , of which there were several during his tenure as Treasury secretary .
During contentious September 2008 negotiations on Capitol Hill over the Troubled Asset Relief Program ’s restrictions on executive compensation , he recalls : “ Exhausted , I went back to the small office I was using and had a bout of the dry heaves in front of Judd Gregg [ a Republican senator from New Hampshire . ]
I was n’t that sick , but I made a lot of noise , which seemed to galvanize Rahm Emanuel .
‘ We need to get everyone back together again and get this thing done , ’ he said .
Harry Reid [ the Senator majority leader ] came in and asked if I needed a doctor .
I said no , I was just tired . ”
2 . When Bank of America bought Countrywide Financial , the subprime mortgage lender , for $ 4.1 billion , it expected to get some relief from regulatory capital requirements from the Federal Reserve for saving Countrywide .
But in September 2008 , the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond instead was putting pressure on Bank of America to redo its capital plan and cut its dividend .
When Paulson encouraged Bank of America CEO Ken Lewis to buy Lehman Brothers , Lewis asked for help in getting the Fed off his back .
Paulson agreed to talk to Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke and New York Federal Reserve Bank President Tim Geithner , though the issue became moot when BoA decided against buying Lehman .
Bank of America went on to buy Merrill Lynch .
In October 2008 , after the government had pumped money into BofA , Merrill and other big banks , Lewis confided to Paulson that he was worried Merrill CEO John
Thain would try to wiggle out of the deal ; he wanted Paulson to insist that Thain go through with it .
Paulson says he never mentioned the call to Thain .
Less than three months later , of course , Lewis would talk about backing out of the deal , completing the purchase under pressure from Paulson and Bernanke .
3 . The day after Lehman went into bankruptcy , Paulson told the press : “ I never once considered it appropriate to put taxpayer money on the line in resolving Lehman Brothers . ”
But with the benefit of hindsight , he says , he realizes “ I ought to be have been more careful with my words , ” he writes .
“ Some interpreted them to mean that we were drawing a strict line in the sand … and that we did n’t care about a Lehman collapse or its consequences .
Nothing could have been further from the truth .
I had worked hard for months to ward off the nightmare we foresaw with Lehman .
But few understood what we did — that the government had no authority to put in capital , and a Fed loan by itself would n’t have prevented a bankruptcy . ”
4. Paulson is full of praise for most government officials with whom he worked — with a couple of exceptions , among them Chris Dodd , the Connecticut Democrat who chairs the Senate Banking Committee , among them .
About Dodd and his House counterpart , Barney Frank , Paulson writes , “ Barney was scary - smart , ready with a quip , and usually a pleasure to work with ….
Dodd was more of a challenge .
We ’d worked together on Fannie and Freddie reform , but he had been distracted by his unsuccessful campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination and seemed exhausted afterwards .
Though personable and knowledgeable , he was not as consistent or predictable as Barney . ”
5 . Another exception is Sheila Bair : “ I respected Sheila … ( B ) ut sometimes she said things that made my jaw drop .
That morning she had said she was n’t sure that Citi ’s failure would constitute a systemic risk , ” the threshold for extraordinary federal action .
“ She spoke as if Citi were just another failing bank and not a world leader — with $ 3 trillion in assets , both on and off its balance sheet — imploding in the midst of the worst economic conditions since the Great Depression …
Although I believed she was simply posturing , I replied , ‘ If Citi is n’t systemic , I do n’t know what is . ' ”
6 . Toward the end of the Bush presidency , Paulson heard more than once from Bob Rubin , the former Clinton Treasury secretary and former colleague of Paulson ’s at Goldman Sachs who was then among those at the top of Citigroup .
“ Bob Rubin … called to tell me that short sellers were attacking the bank …
Always calm and measured , Bob put the public interest ahead of everything else .
He rarely called me , and the urgency in his voice that afternoon left me without doubt that Citi was in grave danger . ”
7 . The federal rescue of Citi led directly to the rescue of General Motors and Chrysler .
“ Nancy Pelosi [ the speaker of the House ] … told me point - blank that it was politically impossible to rescue Citi and not help the automakers .
She had until recently opposed bailouts for the car companies , which she considered poorly managed . ”
8. Jeff Immelt , CEO of General Electric , frightened Paulson in early September by calling to say GE , which Paulson describes as “ an American business icon , ” was having trouble borrowing money by selling IOUs known as commercial paper , and visited Paulson several days later in person .
In mid-October , Paulson called Immelt to discuss imminent plans for a Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. guarantee of all new bank debt , but not GE’s .
Immelt told him not to worry , GE would manage and would benefit indirectly by a more stable banking system .
The next day , Immelt called back and said the bank guarantees were hurting GE ’s finance unit because banks could borrow with U.S. government guarantees and GE could n’t .
And on Oct. 16 , 2008 , Immelt came in person to press the matter with Paulson .
Over the following weeks , Paulson and Treasury official David Nason “ worked hard to get Sheila [ Bair ] comfortable ” with extending the guarantee to GE .
In November , she did .
GE ’s finance unit , along with Citi , became one of the biggest users of the program .
Fusion Brands ’ FoodPod ~ i ran into it at A+R and it was so odd , i could n’t stop poking at it .
Then i had to buy it .
It ’s another silicon creation from Fusion Brands to help in the kitchen … they are certainly creative with their ability to solve problems i did n’t even realize i had .
Like keeping my veggies / eggs separate from other things , or together in the pot for easy removal … here you can fill the FoodPod with just about anything … and then you can dunk it into your boiling pot of water , and even hook the angler fish looking top to the lip of the pot for easy retrieval !
lift and autostrain ~ unhook the cap , and your food is ready !
See more pics of it on the next page !
As Twitter becomes more popular and pervasive , it has become an essential tool for start - ups to engage with their customers .
Here at Creately , we actively engage our users , supporters and even the occasional detractor on Twitter .
Recently , we wanted to understand what our customers say to us on Twitter so @ Indu went through our Twitter archives and put together this simple connections map of our @ Creately Twitter account to capture some of our more active users and what they ’re been talking to us about .
Who ’s Talking to Creately & What are they Saying .
As @Indu worked on the diagram , she decided to pull together some recent Tweets about Creately to share with the team and you – our customers .
b3nw : saved by a javascript app creately – https://creately.com after MS Visio just refused to link things , whew .
Best $ 5 i’ve spent in along time .
martinluff : RT @ideas2revenue : Just posted interview w/ CEO @chandika about their “ pay what you want ” experiment w/ Creately – http://www.ideas2revenue.com/interviews.html
PipitPurch : Critical Success Factors for a Web # Startup – https://creately.com/blog/experience/success-factors-for-a-web-startup/ ( nice diagram ) via @azlax @davemcclure @creately
myldrm : Creately Blog » 10 Best Social Media Tools for Startups : RT @creately 10 Best Social Media Tools for Startups – https://creately.com/blog/diagrams/10-best-social-media-tools-for-startups/
Review of Creately for online UML diagrams …
http://www.socialblogr.com/2010/01/creately-online-uml-creator.html via @socialblogr
Creately looks awesome : https://creately.com/
RT @smashingmag : Five Useful Online Diagramming Tools –http://www.smashingapps.com/2010/01/18/five-best-online-diagramming-tools.html
Creately – Free online competitor to Microsoft Visio – http://tech-informer.com/creately-free-online-competitor-to-microsoft-visio-338/
hhamon :
Very interesting collaborative tool in the browser , which allows to create UML diagrams : https://creately.com/
jenwagner : @mcarls have you heard of https://creately.com/ — my HS students showed that and cacoo at their cool tool duel . 🙂
UrbanHaiku : learning how to use creately .com to make a flowchart for my blog .
I like it .
pumpkinslayer : Just made this flow diagram online using Creately – neat tool http://create.ly/g4xijotl1
Badruddeen : Creately – # Illustrations Made Easy – http://www.usefultools.com/2009/11/illustrations-made-easy/
sabotages : @curiousmitch
Online there ’s creately – https://creately.com/
– pretty decent to be online
JasonStoddard : Highly recommend @creately & checking out their mindmapping / diagram solution .
Hosted .
Elegant .
Stupid - simple . #FF
thomasvds : Found an interesting alternative to Visio and SmartDraw : https://creately.com
megormi : I made some interesting graphic organizers today using creately .com thanks to the suggestion by@socratech
amalkov :
Trying out online diagramming tool : https://creately.com/
Nice .
nocash : Been looking for something like this for a while : Create and Collaborate on Online Diagrams – Creately –https://creately.com/
Rohlund : I highly recommend checking out creately.com if Microsoft Visio is not your friend .
#ittools
Thank you for all your tweets .
We try to respond to each and everyone of them – so if you ’ve enjoyed using Creately – tell us – we ’re always listening on Twitter .
If you ’re not following Creately on Twitter – now ’s the time .
If there is any doubt that Super Bowl ads are worth the hefty price - tag , just ask the folks at Scottsdale - based Go Daddy.com .
Go Daddy is known for its edgy ads , where chestically blessed women come to the brink of toplessness before the ad cuts out and a voice advises viewers that if they want to " see what happens next , " they have to go to the company 's Web site .
During Go Daddy 's Super Bowl ads , people did exactly that .
Take a look at the company 's Web traffic chart determined by content delivery provider Akamai .
That giant spike just before 10 p.m. came shortly after a record 106 million people watched brunet IndyCar babe Danica Patrick get a massage from an equally hot blonde .
Just as the blonde rips her shirt off to reveal a tank - top with the Go Daddy logo covering a very happenin ' pair of boobs , the ad ends with the advice to go to Go Daddy.com for more
In the full version of the ad , the white - shirted blonde dances around Patrick and as luck should have it , she falls into a swimming pool , making the white shirt almost transparent .
Check it out below .
Bolt 's training is going well according to his coach Usain Bolt opened his 2010 season with victory in the 400 m at the Camperdown Classic in Jamaica .
The 23 - year - old Olympic and world 100 m and 200 m champion clocked a new meet record time of 45.86 seconds .
That shaved 0.49secs off than the previous best , set by Bolt in winning the same race in 2009 .
Bolt said : " It was a good race - to run 45 seconds was a good sign .
I never feel as good as I wanted .
I guess I am getting there , I would say . "
He added : " I just want to get my fitness up , I do n't think I am where I would want to be . "
Bolt 's last run was in winning the 200m in September 's IAAF finals in Greece .
Saturday 's race is likely to be Bolt 's only one at 400 m after he pulled out of the University of the West Indies meet , which takes place next week .
Although current 400 m world record holder Michael Johnson and others have suggested Bolt could lower the mark over the distance - currently 43.18 seconds set at the 1999 world championships in Seville - the Jamaican said his coach Glen Mills would have the final say as to whether he would push harder in the distance .
606 : DEBATE
" That will be decided by the coach , and he has told me not to worry as if I am ever going to take up the 400 m , he would design a brand new training programme for me .
" Right now I am just concentrating on the next world championships ( in 2011 ) and Olympics ( in 2012 ) . "
Bolt also revealed there is a chance he will compete in the Commonwealth Games in India in October .
" My coach decides what I do , and he is putting a lot of thought into participating at the Games , " he added .
" I am not even sure when and where my first 100 m race of the year will be . "
Bolt 's only announced competition on the new Diamond League circuit is a 100 m race at the Adidas Grand Prix in New York on 12 June .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Remarks by the Israeli Minister of Interior Yaakov Neeman suggesting that the Jewish religious law ( Halacha ) should be adopted as the “ law of the land ” in the Jewish state has drawn strong reactions from both Jews and non-Jews .
“ Step by step , we will bestow upon the citizens of Israel the laws of the Torah and we will turn Halacha into the binding law of the nation , ” Neeman told Rabbis at a Jewish law convention in occupied Jerusalem in December 2009 .
“ We must bring back the heritage of our fathers to the nation of Israel , ” he said .
“ The torah has the complete solution to all of the questions we are dealing with . ”
Neeman ’s statements were met applauds from participants who included high - ranking Rabbis , as well as representatives of religious parties .
However , for non-Jews , who now constitute nearly 50 percent of the total population in occupied Palestine , Neeman ’s remarks are a serious cause for concern since Halacha , at least according to the Orthodox Jewish interpretation , does not recognize the full humanity of non-Jews .
Hence , non-Jews living under Halacha must accept to live under a perpetual state of inferiority , if not persecution .
Lesser in Every Aspect According to Orthodox Judaism , a non-Jew ( goy ) is inferior to a Jew in every conceivable aspect .
This inferiority is absolute , inherent , intrinsic , and not subject to any related or unrelated factors .
Rabbi Abraham Kook , the religious mentor of the settler movement , taught that “ the difference between a Jewish soul and souls of non-Jews — all of them in all different levels — is greater and deeper than the difference between a human soul and the souls of cattle . ”
The teachings of Kook are based on the Lurianic Cabala ( Jewish mysticism ) , which teaches the absolute superiority of the Jewish soul and body over the non-Jewish soul and body .
This means , according to one Rabbi who is member of the Chabadi Lubovitcher sect , that “ every simple cell in a Jewish body entails divinity and is part of God . ”
In 2003 , Rabbi Saadya Grama of the Beth Medrash Govoha , the renowned Talmudic school of Lakewood , NJ , published a book in which he claimed that Gentiles were completely evil and that Jews constituted a separate , genetically superior species .
The book published under the Hebrew Title “ Romemut Yisrael Ufarsahat Hagalut ” quoted numerous classical Jewish sources to prove Jewish superiority over the rest of humankind .
The difference between Jews and gentiles , he argued , is not religious , historical , cultural , or political .
It is rather racial , genetic , and scientifically unalterable .
The one groups is at its very root and by natural constitution “ totally evil ” while the other is “ totally good ” “ Jewish successes in the world are completely contingent upon the failure of all other peoples .
Only when the gentiles face total catastrophe , Jews do experience good fortune . ”
“ The Jews themselves brought about their own destruction during the Holocaust , since they arrogantly endeavored to overcome their very essence , dictated by divine law . ”
While castigated by many Jewish figures , religious and secular , for its brazen racism , Grama ’s thesis is not really in conflict with the Rabbis of Gush Emunim ( the settler camp ) and the rest of the National religious movement in Israel today .
He readily applies Torah passages against idolaters , other pagans to Christianity and Islam , and other monotheists who worship the God of Abraham , the very God proclaimed by the Torah .
He also ignores extensive Rabbinic deliberations during the medieval period , which concluded that both Islam and Christianity as “ licit , monotheistic faiths . ”
Hence , Muslims and Christians could not be lumped in one category with the idol - worshipers of earlier times .
Sub-human Slaves
If gentiles ( goyem ) are inherently inferior to Jews , and if their very humanity is presumed to be denied , it is axiomatically inferred from this that these gentiles have inherently lesser rights than Jews do .
Indeed , some Talmudic references do refer to gentiles as “ animals walking on two feet instead of four ” .
Even today , some Rabbis , such as David Batsri , invoke the “ bestiality ” of non-Jews , claiming that the Creator created them with two legs instead of four in deference to Jews , because it is not appropriate that Jews be served with four - legged animals .
It is true that this view is not shared by all Rabbis , especially the enlightened ones .
However , it is also true that some prominent sages holding both Halachic and historical weight are among the main advocates of this pure racism .
For example , according to the code of Maimonides ( Rambam ) : “ A Jew who killed a non -Jew is exempt from human judgment , and has not violated the prohibition of murder . ”
This code is implicitly practiced by Jewish settler judges when dealing with Jews convicted of killing Palestinians , which explains the extremely light punishments meted out to the perpetrators , especially in comparison to Arabs convicted of the same felony .
It also explains why Israelis in general and religious settlers in particularly dwell so much upon “ shedding Jewish blood ” while never showing the slightest concern about Arabs killed by Jews .
Following the 1994 massacre of dozens of Arab worshipers at the Ibrahimi Mosque at the hands of an American - born Jewish terrorists , Moshe Levinger , a settler leader in the City of Al - Khalil ( Hebron ) was quoted as saying : “ I am not only sorry for dead Arabs , but also for dead flies . ”
The application of Jewish law in occupied Palestine ( Israel plus the West Bank and Al - Quds ) would mean that Palestinians who do not convert to Judaism ( at the hands of an Orthodox Rabbi ) would have to be treated as “ residents alien ” .
According to Maimonides , a gentile permitted to reside in the land of Israel , “ must accept to pay taxes and to suffer the humiliation of servitude . ”
Such gentiles , some modern Rabbis insist , “ must be held down and not raise their heads against Jews .
Non -Jews must not be appointed to any office or position of power over Jews .
If they refuse to live a life of inferiority , then this will signify rebellion and the unavoidable necessity of Jewish warfare against their very presence in the land of Israel . ”
Chutzpah
This inferiority accorded to non-Jews , which is summarized by the phrase “ water carriers and wood - hewers ” , is actually an award for the submissiveness of the pacified and subjugated gentiles .
As to “ restive ” gentiles in the land of Israel , like those demanding equal human and civil rights as citizens , their punishment is usually expulsion or outright extermination .
According to Shulhan Aruch , widely viewed as the most authoritative legalistic source of Jewish religious law , the murder of a Jew is a capital offence and one of the three most heinous sins ( the other two being idolatry and adultery ) .
Jewish religious courts are commanded to mercilessly punish anyone guilty of killing a Jew .
However , a Jew who murders a gentile , even deliberately , is guilty of committing a sin against the “ laws of heaven ” and ought to be published by God rather than man .
However , a gentile murderer living under Jewish jurisdiction must be executed , regardless of whether the victim is Jewish or gentile .
However , if the victim is gentile and the murderer is a Jew who had converted to Judaism , he is not to be punished .
Maimonides also rules that while Jews are forbidden to save the lives of non-Jews in peacetime , they are also forbidden to murder them outright .
“ As for gentiles with whom we are not at war , their death must not be caused , but it is forbidden to save them if they are at the point of death ; if , for example , one of them is seen falling into the sea , he should not be rescued , for it is written .
Neither shall thou stand against the blood of thy fellow , but a gentile is not your fellow . ”
Bluntly , anti-gentile codes are also proscribed against non-Jews living under Jewish ( religious ) rule .
This covers the entire penal code .
For example , there is an obvious discrimination against non-Jewish citizens in applying punishment for rape and adultery .
According to Israel Shahak ’s classical book “ Jewish History , Jewish Religion : The Weight of Three Thousand Years , ” Halacha presumes that all gentiles are promiscuous and presumed not to have paternity . ”
For an example , a sexual intercourse between a gentile and a married Jewish woman is a capital offense for both parties , which is punishable by death for both .
However , a sexual intercourse between a Jewish male and a gentile woman — it does not matter if she is married or not since the concept of marriage does n’t apply to gentiles — is not viewed as gravely as the Talmud equates such intercourse with an intercourse with animals .
A Biblical verse states : “ For she doted upon their paramours , whose flesh is as the flesh of asses , and whose issue is like the issue of horses . ” [ King James Bible , the Book of the Prophet Ezekiel 23:20 ] .
That verse is presumably applied to non-Jews ”
In this case , death is proscribed for the gentile woman , while the Jew , even if it is a case of rape , is given a much lighter punishment , like flogging .
Apple has a fairly infamous track record when it comes to the language it allows in its App Store .
Words like " boobs " and " booty " are out .
Now " Android " is apparently the latest in a long line of deadly words .
Apple has a fairly infamous track record when it comes to the language it allows in its App Store .
Words like " boobs " and " booty " are out .
Now " Android " is apparently the latest in a long line of deadly words .
According to one developer , Apple has requested that the name of Google 's mobile operating system be removed for an app description .
The original preview for Tim Novikof ''s Flash of Genius SAT flashcard app mentioned that it had been a " finalist in Google 's Android Developer 's [ sic ] Challenge . "
So , what 's the problem here ?
Does
Apple think that people might be confused by the mere mention of Android ?
Nope , Apple 's request simply stated that " providing future platform compatibility plans or other general platform references are not relevant in the context of the iPhone App Store . "
App
Store rule number one : do n't talk about anyone but the App Store .
Bionic Potato Chip Grabber
At the Tokyo toy fair , Tomy showcased the Potechi hand a mechanical arm which mimics a thumb and forefinger .
It has a switch which slides back and forth toggling the fingers .
What is it used for ?
For eating potato chips without getting your hands messy .
Available in the land of rising sun for 630 Yen ( $ 7 ) .
2010 Winter Olympics Vancouver Panoramas
Panoramic views inside some of of the venues at the 2010 Vancouver Games .
Posted Feb 16 , 2010
Pay Attention to your Oracle Database Archive Logging Function
By James Koopmann
Ignore your archive logging function and your Oracle database will soon become crippled and unusable .
Learn how to pay attention , starting with ensuring that Automatic archival is Enabled , how to switch into archive log mode if it's not enabled and how to locate where redo logs are archived .
It is n't too much of a stretch to say that archive logging within Oracle is one of the very first areas a DBA learns to master .
Without paying proper attention to the archive logging function , an Oracle database could soon become crippled and unusable .
For the record , if this happens to be the first content you read on archive logging , archive logging is nothing more than a the process of saving filled groups of redo log files to disk , either one or multiple locations .
We wont get into what redo logs are as that is a whole different discussion and tuning exercise but lets just say that there is some very important information being saved in the redo logs and moved into archive logs if you ever want to recover your database from a variety of failures .
For this reason , and the fact it has been quite some years since I actually looked at the manuals in regards to archive logging , Ive decided to give it a read and see if there is anything new and exciting .
One of the first concerns when looking at archive logging is actually having your database recognize the fact that it is in archive log mode .
You see , you can actually run an Oracle database in two modes .
The first being non-archive log mode ( no archiving of redo log files ) and archive log mode ( archiving of redo log files ) , with which we are concerned .
To ensure your Oracle database is running in archive log mode ( ARCHIVELOG mode ) you need just issue one command when logged into SQL * Plus .
It looks something like this :
SQL > ARCHIVE LOG LIST Database log mode Archive Mode Automatic archival Enabled Archive destination USE_DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST
Oldest online log sequence 11 Next log sequence to archive 13 Current log sequence 13
Nothing too exciting but we can easily see that the database log mode is Archive Mode and that Automatic archival is Enabled ; both of which are very important so that a DBA doesnt need to get involved to manually archive filled redo .
The tricky part in reading this output comes when looking at the Archive destination .
In this case , our archive destination is USE_DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST .
Normally when we see these types of things in Oracle , they relate to a parameter that we can easily see using the SHOW PARAMETER command .
Unfortunately , under this scenario those options do not yield any results .
SQL > SHOW PARAMETER USE_DB_RECOVERY_DEST
SQL >
The reason for this is that the use of the parameter USE_DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST is actually a redirect for the DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST , which is the default location for Oracles flash recovery area .
This location on disk can be seen through the SHOW PARAMETER command .
SQL > SHOW PARAMETER DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST
NAME TYPE VALUE
------------------------ -----------
------ db_recovery_file_dest string /opt/app/oracle/flash_recovery_area db_recovery_file_dest_size big integer 2G
If you looked on disk for the db_recovery_file_dest location youd quickly find a tree structure such as the following where there is a clear indication of where archive logs are on a daily basis .
[ oracle@ludwig flash_recovery_area ] $ tree .
|-- DB11 | |-- archivelog | | |-- 2010_01_29 | | | |-- o1_mf_1_10_5p5cfv1p_.arc | | | |-- o1_mf_1_2_5p575dok_.arc | | | |-- o1_mf_1_3_5p57qnbl_.arc | | | |-- o1_mf_1_4_5p58gtfy_.arc | | | |-- o1_mf_1_5_5p598sjc_.arc | | | |-- o1_mf_1_6_5p59cnwc_.arc | | | |-- o1_mf_1_7_5p59xnom_.arc | | | |-- o1_mf_1_8_5p5bmhg1_.arc | | | `-- o1_mf_1_9_5p5cbm6z_.arc | | `-- 2010_02_02 | | |-- o1_mf_1_11_5pkwyv1l_.arc | | `-- o1_mf_1_12_5pl1cdns_.arc | `-- onlinelog
Now before we venture any further , it is advantageous to know that the use of DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST is the default for Oracle .
This is most assuredly a good thing when you start to take into consideration that Oracle will help manage all files that are located in the flash recovery area automatically eliminating many of the tasks DBAs would normally perform to keep a database up and running .
One of the more interesting aspects of a default installation ( clicking through dbca without much thought ) , around archive logging , is the parameters Oracle initializes and uses .
One would expect to see , when issuing the SHOW PARAMETER command for ARCHIVE parameters , some values that would pinpoint where redo logs were being archived .
But as you can see , the following SHOW PARAMATER ARCHIVE command actually produces nothing of value ; at least where log archive destinations are concerned .
SQL > show parameter archive NAME TYPE VALUE ------------------------ ----------- ------------------------------ archive_lag_target integer 0 log_archive_config string log_archive_dest string log_archive_dest_1 string log_archive_dest_10 string log_archive_dest_2 string log_archive_dest_3 string log_archive_dest_4 string log_archive_dest_5 string log_archive_dest_6 string log_archive_dest_7 string log_archive_dest_8 string log_archive_dest_9 string log_archive_dest_state_1 string enable log_archive_dest_state_10 string enable log_archive_dest_state_2 string enable log_archive_dest_state_3 string enable log_archive_dest_state_4 string enable log_archive_dest_state_5 string enable log_archive_dest_state_6 string enable log_archive_dest_state_7 string enable log_archive_dest_state_8 string enable log_archive_dest_state_9 string enable log_archive_duplex_dest string log_archive_format string %t_%s_%r.dbf log_archive_local_first boolean TRUE log_archive_max_processes integer 4 log_archive_min_succeed_dest integer 1 log_archive_start boolean FALSE log_archive_trace integer 0 standby_archive_dest string ?/dbs/arch
It actually takes a query against the V$ARCHIVE_DEST view to see something .
As you can see , there are two active ( VALID ) log archive destinations -- one being the flash recovery area ( USE_DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST ) and one for destination 1 .
Please note here that the log archive destination 1 is actually a path that consists of $ ORACLE_HOME plus a prefix of arch .
I am always shocked to see this after an Oracle database creation , as this places archive logs dead smack down in with the Oracle software ; clearly a no - no .
I guess the only rational behind this is that Oracle suggests multiplexing archive logs ( making copies on two distinct and separate disk areas ) and they figure flash recovery and software will be located on separate disks .
The obvious warning here is that we often allocate storage very tightly for software and you could run out of space in the LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_1 area quicker than youd like .
SQL > select dest_name , status , destination from V$ARCHIVE_DEST ; DEST_NAME STATUS DESTINATION
-------------------- --------- ----------------------------------------
LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_1 VALID /opt/app/oracle/product/11.1.0/db_1/dbs/arch
LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_2 INACTIVE LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_3 INACTIVE LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_4 INACTIVE LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_5 INACTIVE LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_6 INACTIVE LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_7 INACTIVE LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_8 INACTIVE LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_9 INACTIVE LOG_ARCHIVE_DEST_10 VALID USE_DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST
10 rows selected .
If by chance your database is not in archive log mode , fear not , there are two easy ways you can switch into archive log mode ; through Enterprise Manager if you happen to be a GUI DBA or through command line if you re still hard - core and not fond of GUIs .
Please note that in both cases you may want to take a backup of your database ( before and after switching archive mode ) just in case something goes wrong .
For Enterprise Manager , configure Archive log mode and a flash recovery area by :
1. Click on the Availability tab 2 . Click on Recovery Settings under Setup under the Backup / Recovery section .
This will bring up the Recovery Settings page .
3 . Check the ARCHIVELOG mode checkbox to within the Media Recovery section to place this database in ARCHIVELOG mode .
4 . Within the Media Recovery section you can see that the last archiving location is set to USE_DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST .
5 . Enter a Flash Recovery Area Location ( DB_RECOVERY_FILE_DEST ) within the Flash Recovery section .
6 . You should also specify a Flash Recovery Area Size .
7 . Check the Enable Flashback Database checkbox to enable flashback logging .
8 . Choose a Flashback Retention
Time that makes sense for your database .
9 . Click the Apply button to save .
10 . Click the Yes button to restart the database when prompted to restart the database .
11 . Enter your Host and Database Credentials and then click the OK button on the Restart Database : Specify Host and Target Database Credentials page .
12 . Click Yes on the Restart Database : Confirmation page to restart the database .
At this point , you can now have archive log go to the flash recovery areamaking storage , recovery , and persistence of those files much easier .
Stick around for subsequent articles as I venture past a default installation and into ways to take us beyond the basic default settings , detect proper archive log setup , detection of failures , and general ways of configuring archive logging .
Java ’s classpath is a powerful concept – when used appropriate .
As your project grows larger in terms of code and people , it gets harder to ensure that your classpath is correct .
A great danger arises from JAR files containing different versions of the same resource .
You might end up running different code than you think , leading to strange effects .
If you build your classpath using wildcards , you ca n’t even control the order your JAR files are loaded .
Managing dependencies
To avoid the issues mentioned above , you need to manage your project dependencies .
It ’s a common practice to implement the build process of the project using maven or ant ivy .
Both tools provide dependency mangement by declaration .
But at a high cost .
Especially maven has received some malice lately , criticizing its steep learning curve and complexity .
Scratching the biggest itch
We decided to try a different approach to dependency management , tackling only our biggest concern :
The duplication of classpath resources .
We take care of the scope of a third - party library , put required JARs in the repository ( to us , third party binary artifacts are part of the project source ) and update manually .
The one thing we cannot assure manually is that every resource is unique .
Sometimes , the same class is included in different JARs , as it seems to be common practice among java web frameworks .
Ant to the rescue
Thus , I wrote a custom ant task that , given the classpath , checks for duplicate entries .
If it finds one , it lists the culprits and optionally aborts the build process .
Included in our continuous integration system , it gets run every time somebody performs a change .
You ca n’t forget to delete an old version of a library or check in the same library twice without breaking the build now .
Our ClasspathCollisionCheckTask
I provide this task here , without any warranty .
The source code is included in the JAR alongside the classes , if you want to know what it does exactly .
Assuming you already know how to use custom tasks within an ant build script , here ’s only a short usage description .
Import the custom task :
< taskdef name=" check.collision " classname= " com.schneide.internal.anttask.ClasspathCollisionCheckTask " classpath= " ${customtasks.library.directory}/schneidetasks.jar " />
Next , use it on your classpath :
< check.collision verbose= " true " failOnCollision = " true " > < path > < fileset dir= " ${classpath.library.directory} " > < include name= "**/*. jar " /> </ fileset > < fileset dir= " ${internal.library.directory} " > < include name= "**/*. jar " /> </ fileset > </ path > </check.collision >
The task scans the whole path you give it and reports any collision it detects .
You will see the warnings in your build log .
If the failOnCollision parameter is set to true ( optional , defaults to false ) , the build will abort after a collision .
If you want to have debug information , set the verbose parameter to true ( optional , defaults to false ) .
Conclusion
If you manage your project dependencies manually , you might find our custom ant task useful .
If you use maven or ant ivy , you already have this functionality in your build process .
Feedback
I ’m very interested in hearing your opinion on the task or about your way of handling dependencies .
Leave us a comment .
I side with Andrew Sullivan in his denunciation of torture , but I contest his attempt to define modern torture as a historical aberration , as if it were n’t common behavior for the United States until George W. Bush rode into Washington .
Sullivan says modern torture advocates are “ junking the entire history of Western jurisprudence and the laws of war , ” later condemning their “ radical assault on one of the central pillars of our civilization . ”
The “ pillars of our civilization ” sit on land stolen from the natives , who we tortured and exterminated , and they were constructed by African slaves , who we whipped and murdered .
This was the situation in America from 1492 - 1865 .
At what point , exactly , do we start the clock on Western Civilization ?
At the turn of the 20th century , “ United States soldiers were torturing Filipinos with water ” in a war planners thought “ might serve as an effective ‘ stepping stone ' ” to controlling China ’s growing markets .
In the latter half of the same century , the U.S. was supporting ( PDF ) Ferdinand Marcos , a Filipino head of state notorious for … you guessed it … torture .
In fairness , torture practices were more radical under Bush , in the sense that his reign saw them “ admitted into the mainstream , ” ( as Sullivan puts it ) .
This does n’t mean that torture was n’t widely practiced before , only that influential people did n’t advocate it in public .
And , crucially , it was n’t performed by American soldiers .
Instead , we paid others to do it for us .
The result , however , is the same .
Sullivan tries to pin torture on the current G.O.P. , but the historical narrative shows us that it ’s a long - standing practice .
A return to the pre-Bush norm – where torture is illegal but practiced anyway – cannot be the answer .
There are two bands with the name Galaxie 500 : 1 . An American alt - rock band 2 . A Canadian rock band 1 . Galaxie 500 was an American alt - rock band that formed in Cambridge , MA in 1987 and split up in 1991 after releasing three albums .
The band comprised vocalist / guitarist Dean Wareham ( a transplanted New Zealand native ) , bassist Naomi Yang and drummer Damon Krukowski , longtime friends who first met in high school in New York City before all three attended Harvard University .
Wareham and Krukowski initially teamed in the short - lived Speedy and the Castanets , which was just the two of… read more
Mr de Boer is now set to become a consultant Yvo de Boer , the UN 's top climate change official , says he will resign after nearly four years in the post .
His departure takes effect from 1 July , five months before 193 countries are due to reconvene in Mexico for another attempt at a global deal on climate .
Nations failed to reach a binding deal at the Copenhagen meeting in December .
Mr de Boer said he was announcing his departure now so that a successor could be found well before the Mexico meeting later this year .
The former Dutch civil servant was appointed as executive secretary of the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change ( UNFCCC ) in 2006 .
As the UN 's climate negotiator , he was widely credited with raising the profile of climate change issues .
We were about an inch away from a formal agreement .
It was basically in our grasp , but it did n't happen ... so that was a pity
Yvo de Boer But suspicion and distrust between developing and industrial countries barred the way to a binding accord at the UN 's climate change summit in Copenhagen in December .
In a statement , Mr de Boer said : " It was a difficult decision to make , but I believe the time is ripe for me to take on a new challenge . "
Mr De Boer said he would become a consultant on climate and sustainability issues for KPMG , a global accounting firm , and would be associated with several universities .
' Deeply disappointed '
Mr de Boer is said to be deeply disappointed with outcome of the last summit in Copenhagen , which drew 120 world leaders but failed to reach a binding global accord .
But he said the failure to secure a treaty at Copenhagen was unrelated to his decision to quit , and that he had begun looking for a new job last year , before the summit .
He told the Associated Press news agency that he believed talks were " on track " , although it was uncertain whether a full treaty could be finalised at the next high - level conference which starts in November .
Mr de Boer said the accord reached in Copenhagen , brokered by US President Barack Obama , " was very significant " .
But he acknowledged frustration that the deal fell short of the consensus and was merely " noted " rather than formally adopted by all countries .
" We were about an inch away from a formal agreement .
It was basically in our grasp , but it did n't happen ... so that was a pity , " he said .
Fifty - five countries submitted pledges for curbing greenhouse gas emissions by the 31 January deadline in the " Copenhagen Accord " , the document produced at the UN climate summit in the Danish capital .
At the time , Mr de Boer said the pledges would invigorate the UN process , but several environment groups said they did not go far enough .
In some cases the pledges were weaker than those made before the summit .
Track record According to AP , people who know Mr de Boer said he was more disheartened by the slow pace of negotiations than he was ready to admit .
" I saw him at the airport after Copenhagen , " said Jake Schmidt , a climate expert for the US - based Natural Resources Defense Council , " He was tired , worn out . "
Mr Schmidt said that the summit " clearly took a toll on him . "
In 2007 , during exhausting negotiations at the Bali conference , Mr de Boer left the stage in tears after being accused by China of procedural irregularities .
Before he took up his post with the UNFCCC , Mr de Boer was involved in European Union environmental policy in his role with the Dutch Environment Ministry .
He also served as vice - chair of the UN Commission on Sustainable Development .
A different UN climate body - the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , which reviews climate science - has come under fire in recent months for a mistake on the melting of Himalayan glaciers and for referencing " grey literature " - a WWF report which had not been peer - reviewed .
The head of the IPCC , Dr Rajendra Pachauri , has rejected calls for his resignation .
In November , hundreds of e-mails from the Climatic Research Unit ( CRU ) at the University of East Anglia , UK , appeared on the web .
CRU maintains one of the world 's most important datasets on how global temperatures have changed .
An inquiry is underway to consider whether the e-mail exchanges between researchers show an attempt to manipulate or suppress data " at odds " with scientific practice .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
You 've got to love that Antonin Scalia answered a letter from a screenwriter asking for tips on a screenplay involving Maine seceding from the union :
I am afraid I can not be of much help with your problem , principally because I cannot imagine that such a question could ever reach the Supreme Court .
To begin with , the answer is clear .
If there was any constitutional issue resolved by the Civil War , it is that there is no right to secede .
( Hence , in the Pledge of Allegiance , " one Nation , indivisible . " )
Secondly , I find it difficult to envision who the parties to this lawsuit might be .
Is the State suing the United States for a declaratory judgment ?
But the United States cannot be sued without its consent , and it has not consented to this sort of suit .
I am sure that poetic license can overcome all that — but you do not need legal advice for that .
Good luck with your screenplay .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Experts fear older women are ditching contraception in the mistaken belief that they cannot get pregnant past a certain age .
The Family Planning Association ( FPA ) believes the message on infertility and age has gone " too far " .
Although fertility does wane , women can still get pregnant well into their thirties , forties and even fifties .
Abortion rates for women aged 40 to 44 match those for the under 16s , figures for England and Wales show .
In 2008 , both of these groups had an abortion rate of four per 1,000 women .
Whilst the message about fertility declining with age is an important one , it is often overplayed
FPA Chief Executive Julie Bentley
Readers ' comments
There are many reasons why some women opt for an abortion - including birth abnormalities in the baby , which are more common when the mothers are older .
But FPA says its anecdotal evidence suggests some of the abortions are because women wrongly assumed they could not get pregnant because they were too old .
Aimed at women aged 35 and over , the FPA 's new campaign ' Conceivable ? ' reminds women to stay vigilant about unplanned pregnancy and to keep using contraception until after the menopause if they do not wish to become pregnant .
Chief executive of the FPA Julie Bentley said : " Whilst the message about fertility declining with age is an important one , it is often overplayed , alongside disproportionate messaging about unplanned teenage pregnancies .
" It sends an inaccurate message to women and society that only the young fall pregnant and is leading older women to believe their fertility has gone long before it actually has . "
Once is enough
She said women should realise it is entirely conceivable that just one night of unprotected sex in your late 30s , 40s and even 50s can end in an unplanned pregnancy .
" Our helpline receives calls from such women , shocked this has happened to them .
" They thought their age would protect them from becoming pregnant . "
She said in general all methods of contraception were suitable for the over - 35s .
Age alone is not a contraceptive , experts warn Women aged 30 to 34 continue to have the highest fertility rate - 113.1 live births per 1,000 women .
But the rate among women aged 40 and over has more than doubled since 1988 , from 5.1 to 12.6 per 1,000 women , and there were more than 26,000 live births to women in this age group in 2008 , figures from the Office for National Statistics show .
Emily James of Marie Stopes International said : " Many older women facing an unplanned pregnancy are completely shocked to find themselves in this position - many assume that their irregular periods are due to menopause , and are surprised to learn that they are in fact pregnant .
" It is vital that women of all ages are provided with the information , support and advice they need when deciding whether or not to continue with an unplanned pregnancy . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
With the Senate cap - and - trade bill on ice for the foreseeable future , a key bloc of Democrats is agitating for a Climate Plan B : an existing energy policy bill they say would put the US on the path to a clean energy future .
Make that a road to nowhere .
The bill in question lacks any kind of cap on carbon , and contains so many concessions to the oil , coal , gas , and nuclear industries that one environmental group has dubbed it a “ flashback to Bush energy policy . ”
For months , a gaggle of centrist Democrats has tried to convince the party ’s leaders that they should abandon their push for a cap - and - trade scheme and instead settle for passing the energy measure that was approved by the Energy and Natural Resources Committee last June .
When Republican Scott Brown seized Ted Kennedy ’s Massachusetts Senate seat in an upset victory , these Plan B proponents saw their chance .
Since then , they ’ve been vigorously arguing that capping carbon is a huge political risk that Democrats ca n’t afford to take in an election year .
“ They ’re using uncertainty over the Obama agenda as a whole to reinvigorate their push , ” said Joe Mendelson , director of global warming policy at the National Wildlife Federation .
The Plan B crowd includes Democratic senators Jim Webb , Mary Landrieu , Evan Bayh , Ben Nelson , Kent Conrad , Byron Dorgan , Mark Pryor , and Blanche Lincoln .
It could also potentially pick up the Republicans who voted the energy measure out of committee : senators Lisa Murkowski , Sam Brownback , Bob Corker , and Jeff Sessions .
Talk of a climate about - face intensified as news outlets reported last week that senators John Kerry , Lindsey Graham , and Joe Lieberman — who are working to assemble a cross-party coalition to support climate legislation in the Senate — are planning to scrap a cap on carbon altogether .
Graham , who was already on the record condemning the House and Senate cap - and - trade bills , declared in an interview with the New York Times that “ some massive cap - and - trade system that regulates carbon in a fashion that drives up energy costs ” is “ dead . ”
“ Realistically , the cap - and - trade bills in the House and the Senate are going nowhere , ” he added .
Abandoning the effort to put a cap on the emissions that are warming the planet could deal a death blow to the chances for an international climate treaty .
Right now , other big emitters — China in particular — want to ensure the US makes meaningful cuts before showing their cards .
When the Obama administration formally signed on to the Copenhagen accord last week , it pledged to reduce emissions “ in the range of ” 17 percent below 2005 levels by 2020 — but only if such a reduction is first passed into law by Congress .
That ’s not the only problem .
Even though supporters of the energy bill like Byron Dorgan tout the proposal as a way to “ move us in the direction of a lower - carbon future , ” the legislation was not written with the aim of lowering pollution .
In fact , the bill ’s numerous concessions to big energy interests could actually lead to more , not less , emissions .
If signed into law , the measure would lift a ban on drilling for oil in the eastern Gulf of Mexico off the coast of Florida — allowing oil extraction just 45 miles offshore .
Daniel Lashof , director of the climate center at the Natural Resources Defense Council , also argues that the bill ’s measures to expand federal authority over the placement of power lines could increase emissions .
More electricity infrastructure without a cap on carbon would make it easier to bring new coal plants online and increase output at existing facilities , said Lashof .
And the handful of provisions in the bill that supposedly provide incentives for clean energy turn out to be pretty anemic .
The proposal includes a new renewable electricity standard that requires utilities to produce 15 percent of power from renewable sources by 2021 .
But solar and wind advocates say that standard is actually less ambitious than the path that the industry is already on .
The bill would also establish something called a Clean Energy Deployment Administration ( CEDA ) , which supporters claim will direct much - needed loans to the renewable energy sector .
However , the bill ’s fine print ensures that the lion ’s share of the money will likely go not to start - up wind farms or solar panel factories , but to the nuclear industry .
As Mother Jones has reported , the bill would empower the Department of Energy to hand out an unlimited number of loan guarantees to underwrite the construction of new nuclear plants without congressional review .
This amounts to a massive giveaway to the nuclear industry , as construction costs have spiraled so dramatically over the past decade that the private sector now refuses to finance new plants .
With the Congressional Budget Office warning that the chance of default on these loans is at least 50 percent , the energy bill could leave the taxpayer on the hook for billions .
Supporters of the energy measure have argued that passing this bill alone is more politically feasible than getting cap and trade through the Senate .
But although a bipartisan group of senators on the Energy and Natural Resources Committee approved the measure , its prospects look very different in the wider Senate .
Right now , cap and trade is drawing heavy fire from senators from states whose economies depend on forms of energy that would be penalized by a carbon cap .
But if Democrats opted to advance a bill with no cap , that measure would then be attacked by the most dedicated supporters of a comprehensive climate solution .
Already , 17 senators have written to Obama urging him to keep the focus on a comprehensive bill .
Even Lindsey Graham , who has blasted the existing cap - and - trade bills , says the energy - only option is “ not strong enough . ”
“ I ’m not going to ask the environmental community to accept a compromise that does n’t in a serious way deal with our carbon pollution problems , ” he said last week .
“ You ’ll get some votes for a comprehensive package that you would n’t get for stand - alone proposals . ”
So what now ?
With a bloc of Democrats almost entirely written off , it seems Graham , Kerry , and Lieberman are left figuring out just how much oil , gas , nuclear , and coal are needed to sweeten the deal for Republicans .
Graham remains confident that they can figure out the right mix .
“ If we can make the energy piece attractive enough for Republicans , there ’s going to be more than a handful that would agree to emissions controls , ” he said .
The Obama administration seems to have adopted the same strategy :
In the energy portion of his State of the Union address , Obama spoke only of initiatives to encourage nuclear , oil , gas , and “ clean ” coal — and barely mentioned renewable energy .
Kerry was adamant last week that despite the media reports , he , Graham , and Lieberman are n’t abandoning the effort to cap on carbon emissions .
But he admitted that they were open to other possibilities beyond the cap - and - trade scheme Democrats have been sweating over for the past year .
“ We ’re not stuck on one idea .
We ’re looking for a way to come at this that gets the job done , but the job remains the same : addressing the real urgency of climate change , ” he said .
“ There are any number of ways of skinning this cat . ”
What are the implications of the disclosures for the integrity of scientific research ?
1 . The Institute is concerned that , unless the disclosed e-mails are proved to be forgeries or adaptations , worrying implications arise for the integrity of scientific research in this field and for the credibility of the scientific method as practised in this context .
2 . The CRU e-mails as published on the internet provide prima facie evidence of determined and co-ordinated refusals to comply with honourable scientific traditions and freedom of information law .
The principle that scientists should be willing to expose their ideas and results to independent testing and replication by others , which requires the open exchange of data , procedures and materials , is vital .
The lack of compliance has been confirmed by the findings of the Information Commissioner .
This extends well beyond the CRU itself – most of the e-mails were exchanged with researchers in a number of other international institutions who are also involved in the formulation of the IPCC ’s conclusions on climate change .
3 . It is important to recognise that there are two completely different categories of data set that are involved in the CRU e-mail exchanges :
· those compiled from direct instrumental measurements of land and ocean surface temperatures such as the CRU , GISS and NOAA data sets ; and
· historic temperature reconstructions from measurements of ‘ proxies ’ , for example , tree - rings .
4 . The second category relating to proxy reconstructions are the basis for the conclusion that 20th century warming is unprecedented .
Published reconstructions may represent only a part of the raw data available and may be sensitive to the choices made and the statistical techniques used .
Different choices , omissions or statistical processes may lead to different conclusions .
This possibility was evidently the reason behind some of the ( rejected ) requests for further information .
5 . The e-mails reveal doubts as to the reliability of some of the reconstructions and raise questions as to the way in which they have been represented ; for example , the apparent suppression , in graphics widely used by the IPCC , of proxy results for recent decades that do not agree with contemporary instrumental temperature measurements .
6 . There is also reason for concern at the intolerance to challenge displayed in the e-mails .
This impedes the process of scientific ’ self correction ’ , which is vital to the integrity of the scientific process as a whole , and not just to the research itself .
In that context , those CRU e-mails relating to the peer - review process suggest a need for a review of its adequacy and objectivity as practised in this field and its potential vulnerability to bias or manipulation .
7 . Fundamentally , we consider it should be inappropriate for the verification of the integrity of the scientific process to depend on appeals to Freedom of Information legislation .
Nevertheless , the right to such appeals has been shown to be necessary .
The e-mails illustrate the possibility of networks of like - minded researchers effectively excluding newcomers .
Requiring data to be electronically accessible to all , at the time of publication , would remove this possibility .
8 . As a step towards restoring confidence in the scientific process and to provide greater transparency in future , the editorial boards of scientific journals should work towards setting down requirements for open electronic data archiving by authors , to coincide with publication .
Expert input ( from journal boards ) would be needed to determine the category of data that would be archived .
Much ‘ raw ’ data requires calibration and processing through interpretive codes at various levels .
9 . Where the nature of the study precludes direct replication by experiment , as in the case of time - dependent field measurements , it is important that the requirements include access to all the original raw data and its provenance , together with the criteria used for , and effects of , any subsequent selections , omissions or adjustments .
The details of any statistical procedures , necessary for the independent testing and replication , should also be included .
In parallel , consideration should be given to the requirements for minimum disclosure in relation to computer modelling .
Are the terms of reference and scope of the Independent Review announced on 3 December 2009 by UEA adequate ?
10 .
The scope of the UEA review is , not inappropriately , restricted to the allegations of scientific malpractice and evasion of the Freedom of Information Act at the CRU .
However , most of the e-mails were exchanged with researchers in a number of other leading institutions involved in the formulation of the IPCC ’s conclusions on climate change .
In so far as those scientists were complicit in the alleged scientific malpractices , there is need for a wider inquiry into the integrity of the scientific process in this field .
11 . The first of the review ’s terms of reference is limited to : “ … manipulation or suppression of data which is at odds with acceptable scientific practice … ”
The term ‘ acceptable ’ is not defined and might better be replaced with ‘ objective ’ .
12 . The second of the review ’s terms of reference should extend beyond reviewing the CRU ’s policies and practices to whether these have been breached by individuals , particularly in respect of other kinds of departure from objective scientific practice , for example , manipulation of the publication and peer review system or allowing pre-formed conclusions to override scientific objectivity .
How independent are the other two international data sets ?
13 . Published data sets are compiled from a range of sources and are subject to processing and adjustments of various kinds .
Differences in judgements and methodologies used in such processing may result in different final data sets even if they are based on the same raw data .
Apart from any communality of sources , account must be taken of differences in processing between the published data sets and any data sets on which they draw .
If I Were A Boy
If I were a boy
even just for a day
I 'd roll out of bed in the morning
and throw on what I wanted and go
Drink beer with the guys
and chase after girls
I 'd kick it with who I wanted
and I 'd never get confronted for it
cause they stick up for me
If I were a boy
I think I could understand
How it feels to love a girl
I swear I 'd be a better man
I 'd listen to her
Cause I know how it hurts
When you lose the one you wanted
Cause he 's taking you for granted
And everything you had got destroyed
If I were a boy
I would turn off my phone
Tell everyone it 's broken
so they'd think that I was sleeping alone
I ’d put myself first
and make the rules as I go
Cause I know that she ’ll be faithful ,
waiting for me to come home , to come home .
If I were a boy
I think I could understand
How it feels to love a girl
I swear I 'd be a better man
I 'd listen to her
Cause I know how it hurts
When you lose the one you wanted
Cause he 's taking you for granted
And everything you had got destroyed
It 's a little too late for you to come back
Say it 's just a mistake ,
think i'd forgive you like that
If you thought I would wait for you
you thought wrong
But you 're just a boy
You do n't understand
and you do n't understand , ohhhh
How it feels to love a girl
Someday you wish you were a better man
You do n't listen to her
You do n't care how it hurts
Until you lose the one you wanted
Cause you 're taking her for granted
And everything you had got destroyed
But you 're just a boy
A fertilizer - use study by researchers on East African highland bananas showed that moderate application of mineral fertilizers could double the production of the crop .
However , the study also found that majority of the banana growers in the region do not use fertilizers , missing out on the opportunity to maximize their crop 's food security and economic potentials .
Over 70 million people in the East African highlands depend on banana as their primary source of food and income .
The USAID - funded study carried out by the International Institute of Tropical Agriculture ( IITA ) in nearly 200 farmer fields in Uganda -- the second largest producer and consumer of bananas in the world -- showed that modest fertilizer use can significantly increase the crop 's yield .
In Central Uganda , for example , annual yields doubled from 10 to 20 tonnes per hectare with modest fertilizer application .
The research was led by Piet van Asten , IITA agronomist based in Uganda , and Lydia Wairegi , a PhD student at Makere University .
" The application of fertilizers not only increases bunch weight but also shortens the crop cycle so the plants produce more bunches in a year , " says van Asten .
However , the study also found that less than 5 percent of the farmers apply fertilizer on their banana crop .
They cited fertilizers ' high cost , erratic supply , and inconvenient packaging as the main reasons for their non-use .
The farmers also indicated the lack of access to credit facilities , limited knowledge on fertilizer use , and the perceived negative effect on soil quality and on the taste of the bananas .
advertisement
To debunk the latter , a related farmer sensory evaluation conducted by IITA and Uganda 's National Agricultural Research Organization ( NARO ) showed that that moderate application of fertilizer use not only increased yields , but also improved the quality of the fruit to make matooke -- a popular local delicacy made from steamed bananas .
The evaluation showed that fertilizer treatment actually improved the appearance , odor , texture , and overall acceptability of the steamed bananas .
Although the study showed proof of the positive effect of fertilizers on banana production , van Asten cautions that fertilizer use has to be very strategic .
For example , the practice only becomes more profitable when it is specific to a crop and a region , and targeted at only those nutrients that are most deficient .
" Most farmers follow blanket fertilizer recommendations which can be very inefficient and therefore expensive .
Farmers should apply only as much nutrient as needed for a realistic yield increase for their specific locality , " he says .
He adds that another consideration is distance to the markets .
" Bananas are perishable and costly to transport because of their bulkiness .
One needs to be close to the market to fetch a really good price , " he says .
" Uganda 's production zones are too far from markets , some more than 150 kilometers away .
This leads to low banana prices at the farm gate .
Fertilizer use in such cases becomes risky and , therefore , may not be recommended . "
Fertilizers also help replace lost soil nutrients .
For example , the study estimated that more than 1.5 million tons of potassium ( K ) are removed from the rural areas where the bananas are grown and transported to Kampala where most of the markets are .
These nutrients are mined by farmers , but not immediately replaced .
Over time , this nutrient mining could diminish the soil 's ability to sustain profitable banana production .
To guide East African highland banana farmers , IITA and its partners have developed several site - specific recommendations for the application of fertilizer based on the region and the distance to markets .
The institute is also encouraging the private , public , and non-government sectors to address fertilizer packaging to suit the specific needs of farmers .
‘ For over 10 years Navartis has been a market leading white collar technical recruiter within the Rail Industry ’
‘ We work with leading organisations to make a better rail network both now and for future generations ’
WHY CLIENTS CHOOSE US
Station Refurbishment
Track Renewal and Enhancement
Line Side Civil Work
Civil Framework Agreements
S&T , E&P , M&E Enhancement Projects
Construction
Permanent Way
Line Side Civil work
Civil Engineering
For over 10 years Navartis has held its position as a leading white collar technical recruitment business focussed on improving and modernising the UK rail industry through supporting Consultancies , Contractors and Owner / Operators to deliver major UK Rail projects on both NWR and LUL networks .
In addition , we supply rail projects throughout Europe in Germany , Denmark & Sweden along with major rail schemes in Australia .
With an unrivalled reputation for quality of service and expertise in the rail industry , we have assembled the country ’s leading team of rail recruitment experts .
Navartis is also renowned for consistently delivering the right candidate to the right project and giving our clients an edge that ’s required in order to successfully deliver major schemes and projects in today ’s challenging landscape .
We are also known for our ability to secure candidates the most rewarding career opportunities .
Navartis is a RISQS approved labour supplier working with clients to secure talented engineers and managers for both safety critical and non-safety critical roles , acting as sponsor for many of our workforce .
With a diverse range of railway jobs currently available , our rail recruitment team focus on supplying key phases of project life cycle from design through to handback .
We work with candidates and clients across the following key disciplines , Typical project work supplied include ; For further information or assistance , please contact us to discuss your requirements or if you are looking for your next opportunity then register your CV now .
The law of England and Wales applies to material published online , even if it is hosted on a server in another country , the Court of Appeal has ruled .
As long as a substantial measure of the activities takes place in England , its law will apply , it said .
Two men's appeals against convictions for publishing racially inflammatory material were based on their claim that the law of England and Wales should not apply because the material in question was hosted on a server in California in the US .
The Court of Appeal rejected that claim , saying that according to a precedent set in a previous case domestic law will apply so long as much of the activity in question took place in the UK .
The original trial judge said that that previous case , in which the Crown took a case against Wallace Duncan Smith , meant " that the Crown Court had jurisdiction to try the appellants for their conduct because a substantial measure of the activities constituting the crime took place in England , " according to the Court of Appeal .
" It seems to us that the substantial measure test not only accords with the purpose of the relevant provisions of the [ Companies Act at issue in that previous case ] it also reflects the practicalities of the present case , " said Lord Justice Scott Baker in his ruling .
Stephen
Whittle had been found to have written a number of articles that were derogatory of Jewish and black people and likely to stir up racial hatred .
They were edited and put online by Simon Guy Sheppard .
Lord Justice Scott Baker agreed with the original trial court 's analysis that this activity was within the jurisdiction of English law .
" The judge pointed out that the material complained of was prepared in England and Wales , was uploaded onto the website from England and Wales and that this must have been done by Sheppard in the knowledge and with the expectation and intent that the material should be available to the public or a section of it within the jurisdiction in England and Wales , " he ruled .
" He noted there were references to postage for people living in England and Wales should they wish to have the materials sent to them by post .
Thus it was in the contemplation of Sheppard that people in England and Wales should have access to the material which he posted on the website . "
The Court of Appeal also ruled that the material constituted ' writing ' and so was covered by the Public Order Act , which contains the offences of publishing racially inflammatory material .
Just because it was on the internet did not mean that it did not count as ' written material ' covered by the Act , the ruling said .
" Whilst in 1986 the world - wide web was a thing of the future and computers were in their infancy it seems to us clear that ' written material ' is plainly wide enough to cover the material disseminated by the website in the present case , " said the judgment .
" The judge took the same view .
He said that what was on the computer screen was first of all in writing or written and secondly that the electronically stored data which is transmitted also comes within the definition of written material because it is written material stored in another form .
He drew a comparison with opening and closing a book ; when the book is open you can see the writing ; when it is closed you cannot . "
Lawyers for the two men also argued that there was no actual ' publication ' of the material because there was no actual proof that anybody had read it .
The Court of Appeals dismissed this claim .
" [ The original trial ] judge put it correctly when he said that what the Crown had to show was that there was publication to the public or a section of the public in that the material was generally accessible to all or available to or was placed before or offered to the public and that that could be proved by the evidence of one or more witnesses , " said Lord Justice Scott Baker .
" The point that there cannot be publication without a publishee is in our judgment fundamentally misconceived , " he said .
" It is based on an irrelevant comparison with the law of libel .
Libel is a tort or civil wrong where it is necessary for the claimant to prove that the words complained of were published of him and were defamatory of him … the offences of displaying , distributing or publishing racially inflammatory written material do not require proof that anybody actually read or heard the material . "
See :
The ruling
Copyright © 2010 , OUT - LAW.com
OUT -LAW.COM is part of international law firm Pinsent Masons .
1. The Matrix – It was hard to choose between the Matrix and the original Star Wars films because it was a battle between head and heart .
The kid in me would love to have that blown - away feeling of Star Wars be re-created by the magic of 3D – but the cynical adult in me knows that George Lucas will probably be douching up the classic movies even more in order to 3D - ify them – and that makes me sad .
So I give spot number one to the movie that blew my adult mind – The Matrix .
2. Star Wars : The Original Trilogy – See above .
3 . The Fifth Element –
The colors and imagery in this film were stunning , and the film holds up to the test of time .
Over a decade later and the movie still looks great .
A 3D treatment would make this film barf rainbows all over an excited audience .
4. Aliens –
This one would be a real exercise in 3D trickery , because its so darkly lit .
That said , Giger ’s aliens would be incredible in the 3D format , and you know Jim Cameron must be dying to go back to all his films and see what he can improve with the immersive tech .
5. Pixar Classics – I considered The Incredibles first , but then as I started to remember how amazing Finding Nemo was , and how beautiful it would look in 3D – I decided to make Pixar its own category .
With an upgrade cost of 5 M a film , Pixar should be able to handle their catalogue getting the upgrade – everyone on Earth would go see the films again in the theater .
6 . The Shining – All those incredible steadicam shots would look insane in 3D .
Also , it would be a crime to leave “ Here ’s Johnny ” out of this list .
That axe scene is screaming for 3D - ification .
7 . The Lord Of The Rings – I love these films , so a chance to see them again , in a different format , would be awesome .
I ’d like to see the 3D glasses technology improve a little before committing to the entire trilogy in 3D – I ’m not sure my poor eyes could handle 10 hours at this point .
8. Star Trek –
The new one from JJ .
This spectacular sci- fi action - fest was one of my favorite movies last year , and it ’s brightness and color would be perfectly showcased by the 3D treatment .
9. Contact –
If for anything , I nominate Contact for the last 25 minutes of the film .
Ellie ’s journey through the wormhole and her meeting with the alien on the blacklit beach are fantastic , and would look even more gorgeous in three dimensions .
10 . 2001 – A Space Odyssey – Many will say that this film is too slow to be given a 3D treatment , but I say that Kubrick made the ultimate sci- fi film , and that it would look stunning in 3D .
I bet even Kubrick would like the idea .
A bold statement , but one I believe to be true .
4 Responses to ' Top Ten Movies We ’d Like To See In 3D '
Subscribe to comments with RSS or TrackBack to ' Top Ten Movies We ’d Like To See In 3D ' .
Leave a Reply
CHERYL
Cole 's refusal to indulge in graphic sexual misdemeanours is causing ' deep and lasting pain ' to Britain 's men , it emerged yesterday .
Despite having already forgiven her for not releasing a stolen sex tape on the internet , Cheryl 's continued inability to send them naked pictures of herself in an array of demeaning poses could prove the last straw for Britain 's 30 million males .
Plumber and man , Tom Logan , said : " I 've always loved Cheryl , she looks like a sex doll would if they were actually good , plus she does n't seem intimidatingly intelligent .
" But her reluctance to fuel my sordid fantasies with even the mildest pornographic images is a repeated kick in the teeth .
" If she does n't film herself getting in a public toilet with Dane Bowers or a former Gladiator soon I do n't think I 'll have any choice but to transfer my affections to Hermione from Harry Potter , or that one in the Special K advert that still comes on sometimes . "
Teacher and other man , Roy Hobbs , said : " I gave Cheryl one last chance after she did n't indulge in a debauched multi-species four way with a mule , an Irish water spaniel and a starfish while dressed like a stern Danish librarian before sending my mate the pictures and issuing a series of astonishingly feeble excuses .
" However her continued monogamous , conventional behaviour is hurtful and exhausting .
In fact I may soon be forced to abandon my dark onanistic obsession with ' La Cole ' and start having sex with my wife again . "
Coles spokesman said : " Contrary to popular belief , Cheryl does not go like a stoat in a bucket of kittens .
The area where her tumpsy would be is in fact featureless and perfectly smooth with a plasticky finish , much like the groin of an Action Man . "
Si vous envisagez d’acheter une cigarette électronique ou une e-cigarette en ligne et que vous souhaitez des conseils avant de franchir le pas , alors vous êtes au bon endroit .
Nous vous conseillons de lire les avis sur les cigarettes électronique hébergés ici et de comparer les meilleures eCigarettes classées par marques ou par type pour prendre une décision éclairée .
Tous les vapoteurs se sont déjà posé cette question :
Quelle est la meilleure cigarette électronique ?
Alain Déssi , philosophe
Tout le monde recherche , et c’est bien normal , ce qu’il y a de mieux .
Une eCig performante , solide , compacte , qui ne brûle pas la gorge , qui produit une grosse quantité de vapeur , qui reste simple d’utilisation tout en permettant un contrôle total !
Rien que ça !
Des comparatifs pour chaque profil , pour chaque besoin , pour chaque envie .
La meilleure cigarette électronique comment doit elle être ?
On se rend rapidement compte qu’un modèle ne pourra contenter toutes les attentes , surtout que certaines sont contradictoires .
Partant de là , il serait plus malin de rechercher la meilleure e cigarette en fonction de ses attentes , de son profil .
Et c’est exactement ce que nous nous sommes dit .
C’est dans cette optique que nous avons créé ce site , afin de permettre à chacun de trouver LE modèle qui lui convient parfaitement .
Pour vous aider , nous avons compilé des comparatifs par marques , par type de cigarette électronique , par prix , bref , tout ce dont vous avez besoin pour trouver le modèle qui est fait pour vous .
Mais encore faut il savoir ce que l’on veut ..
Si vous ne savez pas ce dont vous avez envie ou besoin , il faudrait peut - être commencer par le déterminer .
Là aussi , nous pouvons vous apporter notre aide .
En fait , ce n’est même pas très complexe .
Des kits pour débutant , pour se sevrer du tabac
Vous souhaitez arrêter de fumer ?
Vous ne voulez plus abîmer vos poumons ?
Vous avez déjà essayé les substituts nicotiniques et ça n’a pas fonctionné ?
Beaucoup d’anciens fumeurs sont passés par là avant vous .
Les gommes , les patchs , même l’hypnose ?
Contre le tabagisme vous avez déjà essayé pas mal de méthodes , mais avez - vous pensé à la cigarette électronique ?
Vapoter vous permet de ressentir les sensations d’inhalation , de hit en gorge grâce au bon dosage de propylène glycol de vos flacons de e-liquide .
Vous pourrez même adapté le taux de nicotine de vos liquides et les diminuer progressivement jusqu’à ce que vous ayez complètement terminé votre sevrage tabagique et nicotinique !
Un bon tabacologue vous le dirait …
Finissez - en avec l’addiction au tabac et à la nicotine !
Quincy Garret Lélectro , 1er du nom
A la différence du tabac , avec une e-Cigarette il n’y a pas de combustion donc pas de monoxyde de carbone , il n’y a pas de goudron ni autres substances cancérigènes .
Une Ecigarette vaporise du Eliquide constitué d’un mélange de deux produits , le propylène glycol et la glycérine végétale auquel il est possible d’ajouter des arômes et de la nicotine , au moins le temps de vous sevrer pour votre arrêt du tabac .
Ce n’est pas l’industrie du tabac qui vous l’apprendra mais il existe de nombreuses études scientifiques qui prouvent que la cigarette électronique est la meilleure solution pour le sevrage à l’addiction tabagique , dont une étude publié dans le très sérieux New EnGland Journal of Medicine .
Le ministère de la santé en Nouvelle Zélande a déclaré publiquement l’intérêt de la cigarette électronique en prévision de 2025 , une Nouvelle Zélande sans tabac .
En France , bon nombre de mutuelles remboursent les cigarettes électroniques de leurs adhérents !
Adieux aux maladies cardiovasculaires !
Pour arrêter de fumer , tournez vous vers un modèle de type pod ou tube .
Simple mais efficace vous ne vous perdrez pas dans la technique et des réglages que vous ne maîtrisé pas encore .
Vous avez déjà suffisamment à faire et avez besoin d’aide au sevrage tabagique alors ne vous compliquer pas la tâche .
Choisir entre un tube et un pod ?
Si vous recherchez la simplicité avant tout , les pods sont fait pour vous , certains modèles n’ont même pas besoin d’être rempli , il suffit de changer la cartouche pour repartir avec une nouvelle résistance et le plein de e-liquide .
Par contre , il faudra faire avec les saveurs proposées …
Les pods sont plutôt conseillés à ceux qui ne fumaient pas beaucoup , moins de 10 cigarettes traditionnelles par jours .
Pourquoi ?
Parce que sinon vous n’aurez certainement pas assez d’autonomie ni en batterie , ni en e-liquide ..
Par contre , leur taille leur permet de trouver une place dans toutes les poches et tous les sacs !
Parmi les pods , nous vous conseillons l’aurora play de Vaporesso ou le kit Elven de Eleaf .
Les cigarette électronique de type tube demande un peu plus de manutention .
Mais rassurez - vous , cela reste très simple et accessible à tous !
Les tubes ont généralement plus d’autonomie et vous permettront tous de choisir votre e-liquide .
Vous pourriez même envisager remplir vos flacons de vos propres recettes de e-liquide en vous tournant vers le DIY , à vous le dosage des arômes , le ratio ultime de PG / VG !
Prenez un tube si votre de consommation de tabac quotidienne dépasse les 10 cigarettes classiques par jours .
La batterie est intégrée et vous trouverez ce que l’on appelle des AIO ( All In One ) soit des kits composé d’une box ultra simplifié ( un seul bouton de « switch » pour l’allumage et la vaporisation ) et d’un atomiseur avec drip tip .
Bref plus qu’à vous laissez aller au vapotage !
Parmi ces modèles de cigarettes électroniques on peut citer Ego de Joyetech ou le Q16 de Justfog qui sont deux modèles très répandu , bon marché et de bonne conception pour débuter .
Des modèles puissants mais pour vapoteurs expérimentés
Vous êtes déjà vapoteur depuis quelques temps et vous souhaitez aller plus loin avec votre matériel , dans ce cas , c’est une box qu’il vous faut .
Un contrôle total de la puissance en Watts ou une production de vapeur de dingue , il vous faudra un matériel adapté .
Mais il est certain que ce type de matériel pourra être déroutant et nous déconseillons fortement de commencer la vape avec .
Vous risqueriez de ne pas savoir , de cramer vos mèches et avoir un goût de brûlé , assécher vos résistances et donc avoir des « dry hits « , voire pire ..
Il serait dommage de vous dégoutter de la vape dès le départ , mieux vaut un matériel adapté avec lequel vous n’aurez peut être pas les sensations les plus incroyables mais au moins , vous ne vivrez pas de mauvaises expériences .
Si les termes de clearomiseur , atomiseur ou coil vous parle , si vous avez déjà votre drip tip ou votre fil résistifs préféré pour le montage de vos résistances sub ohm , alors foncez .
Si vous connaissez déjà les Rta ou avez déjà monté vos propres « reconstructibles » , venez voir , nous avons une sélection des meilleurs mod électro pour vous .
Inhalation directe ou MTL , foncez à toute vapeur vers nos comparatifs !
Parmi les modèles de boxs , vous pourriez vous pencher sur le Kroma - R de Innokin ou l’Aegis de chez Geek Vape .
Des avis et des conseils de testeurs et utilisateurs comme vous
Et puisque nous voulons vous aider au mieux , nous avons également commencé un blog dans lequel vous trouverez des conseils pour arrêter le tabac plus facilement , des tests de matériels avec un avis précis et désintéressé , des articles sur les grandes marques du monde de la vape et notre opinion sur la qualité de leurs produits .
Nous nous intéresserons surtout à , dans l’ordre alphabétique :
Aspire
Eleaf
Geek Vape
Innokin
Joyetech
Justfog
Smok
Vaporesso
et Voopo
En un mot , tout ce dont vous allez avoir besoin pour bien choisir votre vapoteuse !
Barack Obama has often modeled his policies on Franklin Roosevelt .
Lately , though , he 's been coming across more as Richard Nixon Lite .
In 1971 , fed up with the steady rise of wages and prices , Nixon had a big idea : Attack inflation by imposing strict controls on wages and prices .
A federal board was created to establish guidelines and enforce compliance , on the assumption that government officials were wise enough to decide the correct price for millions of products and the right wage for millions of workers .
The main result was to prove the folly of such intervention .
Nixon 's own chief economist , Herbert Stein , admitted that the administration eventually had to give up because the program was " a total disaster . "
Among the unwanted side effects : " Cattle were being withheld from market , chickens were drowned , and the food store shelves were being emptied . "
Motorists had to wait in line for hours to buy gasoline .
At one point , Americans faced a nationwide shortage of toilet paper .
Yes , toilet paper .
Oh , and the inflation rate did n't fall .
It rose .
So how does Obama intend to make health insurance affordable ?
He wants the federal government to regulate premiums from coast to coast .
He unveiled the proposal shortly after a California company owned by WellPoint raised charges on some individual policies by as much as 39 percent .
Obama will not stand for it .
Under his plan , says the White House , " if a rate increase is unreasonable and unjustified , health insurers must lower premiums , provide rebates , or take other actions to make premiums affordable . "
I have a better idea .
If a rate increase is unreasonable and unjustified , customers can head for greener pastures .
Among the several dozen competing insurers in California , some presumably will leap at the chance to grab their business .
If other companies decline to offer lower rates , however , it 's a surefire sign that the increase is both reasonable and justified .
The administration thinks WellPoint has no reason to raise prices because it had billions in profits last year .
But the company says it lost money on individual policies in California , because medical prices rose and many customers dropped their coverage , leaving the company with a sicker and more expensive clientele .
Obama may fantasize that WellPoint will keep furnishing its product forever while stoically swallowing losses .
It 's more likely to devise ways to curtail benefits , make it harder for applicants to qualify , and raise the hassle factor so unprofitable customers go elsewhere .
If things get bad enough , it can abandon the market — leaving consumers to pay the low rate of nothing while also getting nothing .
Such ostentatiously noble but naive schemes are becoming the pattern in Obama 's economic policy .
A law he signed last year regulating credit card companies , which took effect this week , was supposed to save consumers huge sums .
But it has suffered a bruising collision with the real world .
The Associated Press reports that in recent months , " credit card companies jacked up interest rates , created new fees and cut credit lines , " while shutting down many accounts entirely .
The law , says AP , " has helped make it more difficult for millions of Americans to get credit , and made that credit more expensive . "
This administration , like Nixon's , has also elected to override the private sector when it comes to setting pay scales .
Last year , attacking Wall Street bonuses as " shameful " and " obscene , " Obama issued an order limiting executive pay to $ 500,000 a year at companies getting taxpayer help .
He even appointed a pay czar to decide compensation for managers in that sector .
His approach presumes the government can deduce the correct level and structure of pay for hundreds of jobs in a complex industry .
It can't , any more than it can know the correct price for gasoline or toilet paper .
That 's the function of markets , which adjust as needed to keep supply and demand in balance .
When the government starts fixing wages or prices , it practically guarantees economic malfunctions .
Not to mention that it deprives citizens of the right to choose the terms on which they are willing to do business with each other , which happens to be a key to liberty as well as prosperity .
All this is bound to end in tears .
Obama has forgotten the lesson of Nixon 's experiment :
You can tell a farmer what to charge for a chicken .
But you can't keep him from drowning the bird .
COPYRIGHT 2010 CREATORS.COM
Ants change the size of their feet pads to help them lift
An amazing image of an ant lifting 100 times its body weight has won first prize in a science photography contest .
The image shows an Asian weaver ant hanging upside down on a glass - like surface and holding a 500 mg ( 0.02 oz ) weight in its jaws .
It was taken by zoology specialist Dr Thomas Endlein of Cambridge University as he researched insects ' sticky feet .
Dr Endlein won £ 700 in photographic vouchers from the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council .
The research shows how ants change the size and shape of the pads on their feet to enable them to carry heavier loads .
He hopes it could help scientists develop better glues .
" The pads on ants ' feet are self - cleaning and can stick to almost any type of surface , " he said .
" No man - made glue or adhesive system can match this .
Understanding how animals can control their adhesive systems should help us come up with clever adhesives in the future . "
Speaking of NASA and the Shuttle , the last planned night launch of the Shuttle is scheduled for February 7 at 04:39 Eastern time ( 09:39 GMT ) .
This will be a 13 day mission for Endeavour , which will install the Tranquility node , a connector , and a cupola to the ISS .
After this , five more launches are planned , the last being in September .
URGENT Fundraising Appeal
Redistricting Ballot Proposal
For the past two years , MERA has been working in coalition with other reform groups in order to stop the partisan gerrymandering of political districts in Michigan .
Now those efforts are leading to action .
Contributions can be made online at https://votersnotpoliticians.nationbuilder.com/donate or they can be sent to :
Voters Not Politicians Ballot Committee
P.O. Box 8362
Grand Rapids MI 49518
If you contribute by mail please use this contribution form .
VotersNotPoliticians is the grass - roots coalition 's political action ballot committee which will be attempting to put a proposal on the 2018 Michigan ballot to amend Michigans Constitution with a citizen - controlled independent system of drawing voting maps for legislative and Congressional districts .
This will take about 400,000 voter signatures .
Right now in Michigan , politicians have the power to draw the lines , and therefore they re making the rules .
Voters Not Politicians values the voice of the Michigan voter , and is taking action to reform how voting maps in Michigan are drawn so your vote matters and your voice is heard .
Fundraising is challenging for an organization that looks great on paper , but has no track record .
VotersNotPoliticians needs to raise about $ 100,000 in the next 3 weeks to fully fund the launch and the early phase of petition circulation .
VNP has no paid staff .
All of the money is for overhead .
MERA has made a generous donation and we hope our members and supporters will consider making as big a contribution as you possibly can .
Unlike political candidates , VNP as a ballot committee can accept unlimited contributions from individuals and business entities .
Contributions are NOT tax deductible .
Thank you for supporting election reform in Michigan .
End Partisan Gerrymandering
Michigan 's Failed Recount
Nonpartisan Redistricting Reform On Sunday , Feb. 19 , MERA sponsored a public forum " End Partisan Gerrymandering in Michigan . "
Details : What Is The Problem ?
How Do We Solve It ?
Panelists : Judy Karandjeff , Pres. , League of Women Voters of Michigan ( LWVMI ) , and Walt Sorg of Michigan Election Reform Alliance ( MERA ) ; Moderated by : Patrick Levine Rose
The forum was attended by about 650 people .
You can follow the presentations here .
To sign up directly for the coming ballot campaign , please visit the new ballot group : VotersNotPoliticians.com .
Michigan 's Failed Recount And What We Can Do To Fix Our Broken Election System
Michigan 's Failed Recount
Embed and Share
In a press conference shortly after the failed Michigan presidential recount , MERA 's Statewide Coordinator , Jan BenDor assesses the problems and weaknesses revealed both by the failed recount and during the election .
Michigan 's Failed Recount ( Power Point Slides )
Tony Trupiano interviews Jonathan Simon ( 3 pts . )
Simon is the author of Code Red : Computerized Election Theft and The New American Century : POST - E2014 Edition .
MERA 's Bruce Fealk discusses Michigan 's insecure voting with Tony Trupiano .
Embed and share .
MERA 's Bruce Fealk discusses Michigan 's insecure voting with Tony Trupiano
Face of the new atheism January 17 , 2010
Craigslist is most famous for its free advertisements , including for adult services and for housing – and it also has a series of active message boards catering to all different interests .
One of those is religion : there is an atheist forum , but no Christian forum .
For a few years an impromptu , but unofficial “ Celebrate Jesus ” forum for prayer requests had served the small Christian community .
However , if you visit the prayer forum today , it is over - run by atheists .
Looking through the history , it is possible to piece together what happened .
At first a personal request for prayer would meet atheist abuse .
For example , to someone experiencing muscle pain , and wanting to go to the doctor :
you ’re self - obsessed , uneducated , and you have absolutely NO insight …
Pain ?
You want to know what pain is , you stupid cunt ?
There was a lot of this low level stuff , and that is pretty standard for the Internet .
Soon , though all Christians posts were “ flagged ” .
Whole pages of Christian posts simply went missing , with only atheist comments left .
Sexually suggestive images accompanied increasing volumes of abuse .
It becoming more and more extreme , suggesting that the regular members should commit kill themselves or that they were were paedophiles .
Handles were created to impersonate regular Christians .
They even impersonated me , even though I was almost never there .
One lovely woman whose ex-husband recently died , was impersonated as saying :
CELEBRATE SCREWING CORPSES !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Or the same woman :
Help me !
please !
I am maries vagina .
I need sex like crazy .
She deprives me of it constantly
By this this time there was far more spam than Christian posts , so that when a Christian did post , they got a response like this :
josheb isa self - proclaimed alcoholic & sociopath .
total gdamn dishonest , manipulative , aggressive , dickwiping , schmoozy , sack of shit … am i glad i do n’t have to deal with people like that in the real world , it is why guns were invented .
Unfortunately that is not exactly an isolated example .
Even after Christians no longer went to the forum ( the prayer forum secretly moved to a different location ) , spam and abusive posting continued for several months – posting to the silent void .
Needless to say there is n’t a rational argument in sight .
To me , this is the face of “ new ” atheism .
They are encouraged by people like Dawkins and Harris not only to despise Christianity , but also to disrespect Christians .
It is a sad situation : to spend all day , every single day , for month after month , posting abuse on the Internet .
What a bad deal they offer , and what a bad deal they took :
To replace love of your neighbour for the abuse of atheism .
Photo : Lawrence OP
Related :
The National
Gulf News
Al - Hayat
Al - Hayat
AP contributed to this report .
Interpol published wanted notices and images on Thursday of 11 suspected hit squad members involved in the slaying of senior Hamas terrorist Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in Dubai last month .
Interpol said it had placed the alleged hit squad members on its most - wanted list to prevent them from traveling on forged passports .
The international police organization acknowledged in its notice it “ does not believe that we know the true identities of these wanted persons .
” Interpol Secretary - General , Ronald K. Noble , urged police forces around the world to “ focus on the pictures of the suspects ... in deciding who to detain , question and apprehend .
” “ Since Interpol has reason to believe that the suspects linked to this murder have stolen the identities of real people , the red notices specify that the names used were aliases used to commit murder , ” the announcement said .
Earlier , Dubai Police chief Lt.- Gen. Dahi Khalfan Tamim said he was “ 99 percent , if not 100 % ” certain that the Mossad was behind Mabhouh ’s death .
“ Our investigations reveal that Mossad is involved in the murder of al - Mabhouh , ” Tamim was quoted as saying innewspaper , which is owned by the Abu Dhabi government .
He told another local paper , the Dubai - based , “ All elements strongly indicate the involvement of the Mossad . ” Dubai ’s police chief directly accused Israel of the killing , and called on Interpol to seek the arrest of Mossad chief Meir Dagan , urging it to issue a “ red notice against the head of Mossad .
” A UAE official was quoted by the Associated Press as saying on Thursday that at least 18 people – including two women – were now suspected in what Dubai police have described as a highly coordinated operation to kill Mabhouh .
The investigation has now widened to the United States .
The alleged killers used fraudulent passports to open five credit card accounts through US - based banks , said an official who has close knowledge of the investigation .
The official gave no additional details .
Meanwhile , a senior Hamas source told the pan-Arabnewspaper that two Palestinians arrested in Jordan and deported to Dubai on suspicion of aiding the assassins were members of Palestinian Authority security forces .
According to some reports , one of the Palestinian suspects has confessed to his role in the killing .
named Anwar S. , a PA intelligence officer , and Ahmed H. , a PA security officer , as the suspects .
Other reports later named the men as Anwar Shahaibar and Ahmed Hassnein .
Police in Dubai now believe members of the hit squad visited the Gulfemirate twice before January ’s assassination , according to reports inthe Arab press .
The reports also said Mabhouh had been trailed in thepast by agents on a flight to China .
Dubai ’s police chief said Wednesday that Mabhouh “ was transiting inDubai before traveling to China and did not meet anyone in the emirate .
He just went shopping and returned to his hotel , where the crime tookplace . ”
In recent weeks , both Ms. Gillibrand and Mr. Ford have sought to portray themselves as allies of the financial industry , even as they acknowledge public outrage over extravagant executive compensation deals .
Mr. Ford , a vice chairman of Merrill Lynch , is promoting himself as unabashedly pro-business , calling for a big reduction in the corporate tax rate and for exempting many businesses from payroll taxes , while Ms. Gillibrand has expressed misgivings about a bank tax proposed by President Obama that is opposed by Wall Street firms .
A friend of Mr. Ford ’s who works in finance and contributes to Democratic candidates was surprised to receive a call recently from Ms. Gillibrand , who requested a personal meeting .
When this person expressed support for Mr. Ford , Ms. Gillibrand pressed her request anyway , said a person with knowledge of the situation , who spoke on condition of anonymity , for fear of offending the senator .
The competitiveness between Ms. Gillibrand and Mr. Ford in the corridors of New York business became apparent a few weeks ago , when she convened a last - minute meeting of her campaign finance committee at the law firm of Debevoise & Plimpton , whose roster of corporate clients includes Goldman Sachs and JPMorgan Chase .
Mr. Ford had just acknowledged his interest in the Senate seat , and Ms. Gillibrand wanted to rally her biggest fund - raisers .
At one point , a member of the committee asked how many of the nearly 80 people in the room had donated to Mr. Ford when he ran for Senate in Tennessee .
Half the people in the room raised their hands , according to a participant who attended the meeting .
Ms. Gillibrand was unknown to much of Wall Street a year ago when she was appointed to fill the seat vacated by Hillary Rodham Clinton after she became secretary of state .
What some executives did know gave them pause :
She twice voted against the federal bailout of banks during the financial crisis .
But Ms. Gillibrand has spent hours on the phone with finance executives , soliciting their views .
When Glenn Hutchins , the co-chief executive of Silver Lake , a private equity firm , sent Ms. Gillibrand a 75 - page PowerPoint presentation on the causes of the banking meltdown , he was unsure if she would ever read it .
She not only did , but she also responded with a long list of follow - up questions .
“ I was very impressed by that , ” he said .
Building a Farm Where a Freeway Used To Be
Moving mulch on the old Central Freeway on - ramp .
( Photo : Matthew Roth )
A few weeks ago in San Francisco , a number of urban farmers opened a
gate in a chain - link fence at Laguna Street , between Oak and Fell
Streets , and entered an overgrown lot that has been unused for nearly
two decades .
The farmers brought with them steaming piles of mulch ,
which they cast over the edge of the ramps formerly used by cars to
enter and exit the elevated Central Freeway spur above Octavia Street ,
arranging the soil in rows for planting vegetables and filler crops .
Since the Loma Prieta earthquake made the Central Freeway unsafe
for travel , leading to its eventual removal and the re-design of
Octavia Boulevard , those ramps have been one of the more poignant
reminders of a distant vision of San Francisco , with freeways
crisscrossing the urban environment , whisking motorists above the
unfortunate city dwellers
below .
The new Hayes Valley Farm
( HVF ) inverts the paradigm and reclaims the space for city dwellers , if
only temporarily .
" We call it ‘ freeway to food forest , ’ " explained
Chris Burley , Project Director for HVF and former organizer of My Farm .
Burley was joined by nearly fifty volunteers at a HVF work party
Sunday .
" We ’re trying to create a successful , sustainable urban farm in
the heart of San Francisco . "
Burley and several other
organizers were approached by Mayor Gavin Newsom ’s Office of Economic
and Workforce Development ( MOEWD ) last year with the idea to transform
the unused lot into a farm .
The HVF received a $ 50,000 grant from MOEWD
for the first year of the project , money that comes from the operation
of parking facilities along Octavia Boulevard .
Burley expected to work
the farm for between two and five years ,
depending on when the economy turns around and the land is developed .
While the city owns the property , the MOEWD has selected Build , Inc , to develop it when they secure their financing .
According to Richard Hillis at MOEWD , the site will be broken into ten parcels
and built as 50 percent affordable homes , 50 percent market rate .
Because the housing construction market is so bleak right now , said
Hillis , the city worked with the neighborhood groups to develop a plan
for activating under - utilized lots , starting with this very visible one .
In
addition to the community benefit of a farmers market and mobile food
vending , the city benefits from having the lots used by the farmers .
" It helps us save money on cleaning them and maintaining them , " Hillis
said .
Opening the fence around the former freeway ramps .
( Photo : Hayes Valley Farm )
Because the project is temporary , Burley said they are not planning
to rip up the existing asphalt , which would cost thousands of dollars .
Rather , the farmers will plant up to 150 fruit trees in pots that can
be moved to other gardens or planted in back yards .
Burley also said
that in honor of the old Highway 101 , they will be planting 101
beneficial plants among the fruit trees to help with pest control .
"
A
lot of our energy is being spent in creating things that can travel
off - site , " said Burley .
" This is more like a springboard for urban
agriculture all over the city . "
Burley and other organizers
hope to use the temporary farm as an educational resource and are
developing a curriculum for schools that are interested in working at
the facility .
Currently , they are planning to collaborate with John
Muir Elementary , the French - American School , and the Hayes Valley Neighborhood Parks Group .
Addressing
concerns about growing food on the site of a former freeway , the group
has lab tested 64 soil points from the site and found that all parts
except for one came back with less than the EPA ’s standard for lead in
soil .
The HVF also notes on its FAQs page that using organic soils up
to two feet thick generally makes food grown there safe for
consumption .
Nonetheless , the group will measure lead in the roots and
leaves of the food they harvest before it can be eaten .
Though
Burley said they were rushing to get plants in the soil and trees in
pots while still in the rainy season , the lot will be sustained with
water from the San Francisco Public Utilities Commission , which donated
a line for the plot to set up a drip irrigation system .
While no
estimate was available for how much food the facility would yield ,
Burley said their first priority was demonstrating the prospects for
urban farming .
" Our main yield is education , " he said .
" We ’re trying to teach folks about growing
their own food on balconies , back yards , open - air parking lots and pavement backyards . "
Lewis Hamilton moved to Switzerland , partly to avoid UK taxes .
Thousand of rich UK citizens living abroad as tax exiles may find they have to pay UK taxes after all .
The Court of Appeal has upheld the right of HM Revenue & Customs to tax a businessman , Robert Gaines - Cooper , who has lived in the Seychelles since 1976 .
The judges said that he had never been exempt from UK taxes as a non-resident citizen .
Although he had abided by the rules to spend fewer than 91 days here , he had still not cut his ties with the UK .
Mr Gaines - Cooper may now have to pay a tax bill of £ 30 m , for the years from 1993 to 2004 .
A key feature of the Revenue 's old guidance on whether someone was resident in the UK for tax purposes - known as IR20 - was whether they spent , on average , fewer than 91 days here each year .
" If you read the old guidance at face value , as most of us did , and you spent less than 91 days here , you would have been treated as a tax exile , " said Mike Warburton of accountants Grant Thornton , who was an expert witness in the case .
A lot of people think they are out of the UK tax system - they may now be caught
Ronnie Ludwig
Tax adviser , Saffery Champness
However , the three Appeal Court judges ruled that it had always been the case that any would - be tax exile , such as Mr Gaines - Cooper , first had to show they had really left the country .
Any continuing connections would mean that he had not actually cut his ties with the UK and would thus not be able to avoid UK taxes .
The 91 - day rule , they said , did not in fact establish non-residency , and was " important only to establish whether non-resident status , once acquired , has been lost " .
' Distinct break '
Mr Gaines - Cooer , now in his 70s , was born in Reading and made his fortune from international businesses , selling , among other things , juke - boxes .
Despite moving to the Seychelles in 1976 , where he lives on a colonial plantation , the judges said that England had remained the " centre of gravity of his life and interests " .
They decided that he had never cut his ties with Berkshire where he had grown up , or with Oxfordshire , where he still owns a mansion on a 27 - acre estate near Henley and which the judges said was still his chief residence .
As such , he had failed to prove a " distinct break " with his family and friends in the UK .
The judges ruled there were " ample " grounds to rule that Mr Gaines - Cooper had in fact been " resident and ordinarily resident in the UK " throughout his apparent exile .
The barrister for Mr Gaines - Cooper - who says he will appeal to the Supreme Court - accused the Revenue of " playing games " with his client , and accused the tax authorities of mischievously reinterpreting their own guidance .
The barrister , David Milne , said this " involves a wholly wrong reading of the policy and turns it from a sensible , practical , guide into something meaningless and , which is worse , a devious trap " .
Back taxes
There are six million UK citizens living abroad .
If upheld , the effect of the ruling will be to expose thousands of the richest , who wish to be tax exiles , to unexpected retrospective tax bills , not just ones for future years .
" The Revenue can go back up to six years and say they have discovered you have n't paid enough tax , " Mr Warburton said .
Ronnie Ludwig , a tax adviser at accountants Saffery Champness , said lots of tax exiles would now have to rearrange their lifestyles and business affairs .
" A lot of people think they are out of the UK tax system - they may now be caught , " he argued .
The HMRC's new approach , which replaced IR20 , was codified in new guidance on residency and non-residency - called HMRC 6 - which was published in April 2009 .
Mr Ludwig said the Appeal Court ruling gave extra force to this new guidance .
And he said this meant that the Revenue could look at various aspects of someone 's life - style to determine if they had really left the UK or not .
" They will look at the time spent here , the regularity of your visits , if the UK is the main centre of your economic activity and business ties , if you have family connections such as children going to boarding school , if you are a member of a sporting club , and if you use UK credit cards , banks and even mobile phones , " Mr Ludwig said .
An HMRC spokesman said it would study the 31 - page judgement , but added : " It is also useful that the Court of Appeal has acknowledged that HMRC can increase compliance activity in an area so that it can ensure it catches those who may have previously not paid tax that is due . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Lucky Diamond Rich ( born 1971 , New Zealand ) is " the world 's most tattooed person " ( a title formerly held by Tom Leppard ) , and has tattoos covering his entire body , including the inside of his foreskin , mouth and ears .
He holds the Guinness world record as of 2006 , being 100 percent tattooed .
He is also a performance artist and street performer whose act includes sword - swallowing , unicycling and juggling .
As a young boy , he read about and began to have recurring thoughts of the most tattooed men and women .
It did not go much further than just a thought until he got his first tattoo , it was of a small juggling club on his hip .
He is an accomplished sword - swallower .
Along with the Space Cowboy ( real name Chayne Hultgren ) he was jointly the first person to perform a double - sword swallowing while suspended upside - down .
He is credited as " Lucky Rich " on vocals for the 1998 5 - track " Skin " EP by the band " Primitive Ghost " .
The lineup included Baby Lemonade ( Vocals ) , Michael Sheridan ( Guitar ) , FAB ( Percussion ) , Bryan St. James ( Programming ) and Ollie Olsen ( Programming ) .
A video clip for the title track " Skin " was screened on ABC rage ( TV program ) 4 September 1998 .
Source
Share : You Might Also Like : loading ...
4 min read
I wanted to encapsulate this article with the latest version of Blender ( being 2.5 ) , I would not do so not until everyone gets comfortable with it and who knows , on one of my proceeding articles , we might delve more into an introduction of the new version .
But for now , let ’s be courteous enough to use the fully functional 2.49 version of Blender .
If you do n’t have it right now , I suggest you head over to http://www.blender.org/download/get-blender/
and grab your own copy .
And you also might want to have a copy of the latest GIMP from http://www.gimp.org/downloads/.
REQUIREMENTS :
Skill level : Intermediate
Blender 2.49 b ( stable )
GIMP 2.6.8
INTRODUCTION :
So basically , we ’ll use Blender ’s modeling tools , material indexes , powerful texture system , basic UV unwrapping , some lighting techniques , and of course the node compositor which is built - in in Blender .
I dedicate this article to my family and the whole Blender community who have been very supportive of me during my past years of struggle and learning .
It was just a wish before that someday hopefully I might be able to get the hang of using this application as much as I did with GIMP and finally somehow , it did happen .
REFERENCE PHASE :
Before we even begin doing modeling and firing up Blender itself , let ’s get ourselves some decent reference images to base our model .
Anything will do ; it depends entirely on your tastes and preferences .
Doing a quick Google search , here ’s some that I found :
MODELING PHASE :
After studying carefully the shape and size of our reference soda cans , we can now proceed and start creating our basis shape for the entire process .
I think this might be a good time to say this line , “ Fire up Blender ! ”
Depending on your User Defaults and Preferences , your startup screen might look a bit differently than mine and your default object on the scene might be different too .
If you have objects other than a cube on your scene , kindly , delete them first since we ’re only going to use the cube as our starting point .
So if you do n’t have one right now , go ahead and add it from the Spacebar > Add > Mesh >
Cube menu .
Adding a Cube to the Scene
You might have wondered why a Cube and not a Cylinder .
It ’s because we do n’t want to work on some extra polygons , just a few points will do .
And we would be using some of Blender ’s Modifiers to add contours and interpolations in between points to achieve smooth curves on the segments .
With our cube on the scene now , go ahead and select it ( Right Mouse Button [ RMB ] ) , then press CTRL + 2 on your keyboard to add a Subsurf Modifier on the selected object or click the Editing ( F9 ) button and scroll until you see the Modifiers tab then click Add Modifier and finally choose Subsurf .
This will add a new modifier on our current stack .
Adding a Subsurf Modifier
After doing this , modify some of the subsurf options accordingly .
Go ahead and change the Render Levels value to 3 , or if you wish to , you could also change the Levels value to 3 such that what you see in your viewport is what you get on the render , but at the cost of a bit of a slowdown on your viewport ( depending on the power your computer has ) .
But still , despite adding a Subdivision Surface / Subsurf modifier on our Cube , why does it look polygonal still ?
That is because by default , the faces ’ interpolation around the neighboring ones is set to Solid , that ’s why we see this sharp edged transition in between faces .
To make it smoother , just go ahead and click on the Editing ( F9 ) button and scroll until you see the Links and Materials tab then click Set Smooth , or in Edit Mode , press W on your keyboard to bring up the Specials Menu and choose Set Smooth .
Voila !
Smoothing out the Geometry
After this step , go to front view by pressing Numpad 1 on your numeric keypad and go to Edit Mode by pressing TAB , or choosing it from the Mode dropdown on the bottom of your 3D view .
Select the top - most four vertices and move them 1 Blender Unit up along the Z - axis , do this by holding down the Ctrl key to constrain your movements on increments of 1 , then press Z on your keyboard to constrain your movement on the z - axis only and not elsewhere .
A blog devoted to anarchism , socialism , evolutionary biology , animal behavior and a whole raft of other subjects
Well ... this made me put two and two together .
Not only was Susan ( and Evan ) taking a lot of heat over her connection with Wellpoint -- but the company had come under increasing fire from the Obama administration .
Now -- we learn that Wellpoint was also jacking up premiums on its customers in Bayh 's home state of Indiana .
Could this have created the perfect storm ?
Was Bayh concerned that he had feet of clay -- and that his wife 's connection to Wellpoint would become a big albatross around his neck ?
Remember -- Bayh 's decision seemed to come out of the blue .
Could there be some damaging revelation waiting in the wings ?
By Tom Geoghegan
BBC News Magazine
As England 's players faced up to a rare defeat against Ukraine , the fans reflected on their first experience watching the team exclusively on the web .
How was it ?
If this really is to be the future of television sport , then someone needs to think about cushions .
A desktop PC makes for uncomfortable viewing A wooden Ikea chair is not made with two hours of football viewing in mind , which meant that by the final whistle , I was longing for the comfy sofa .
How many other fans paid between £ 5 and £ 12 to watch the match live was later revealed to be close to half a million .
Some were angry about being asked to pay anything .
There was a lack of enthusiasm in my peer group , partly due to the fact that England had already qualified , but also because a 20 - inch computer screen does not have the same appeal as a 40 - inch plasma .
Millions of people view programmes in this way on the iPlayer , but watching a live event for two hours would be a new experience for many .
HOW DID THIS HAPPEN ?
Original broadcaster Setanta went bust England qualified for World Cup in September , so this match not pivotal Swiss firm Kentaro owned the rights Internet sports broadcaster Perform were chosen to provide the coverage Even with a laptop sitting in comfort , or viewing the web on your television via a PC , the picture will not usually be approaching high - definition quality .
So for most people , computers can't yet offer the modern football experience .
What they are good at , however , is forcing people through mundane processes of registration .
Finding the official Ukraine v England website was an ordeal , with a quick Google search throwing up many others that also promised a live stream .
Rather wary of getting a hand - held camera peeking out from a duffel coat in the crowd , it required a double - check on the BBC Sport website to make sure this website was the real deal .
Then there was a number of hoops to jump through , starting with a demo video to check the technical capability ( the basic BT broadband package passed with flying colours ) , then the creation of a PayPal account to pay the £ 10 charge .
' No technical problems '
There was a further hold - up as PayPal remembered that five years ago , I once used eBay to sell something or other , so I still had a PayPal password .
What it was I did n't know , so there was another delay as it emailed me the answer .
Some England fans were angry the only live broadcast was on the web Eventually I was in , clicked " pay " and we were up and running .
Half an hour before kick - off , I logged in and the live streaming sprung into action effortlessly .
There in the studio was James Richardson , known to Channel 4 viewers as a classy presenter of Italian football , and Sven - Goran Eriksson , who used to manage Mexico and one or two other teams .
If this really was a test case for web broadcasting , the major success was there were no technical problems .
The picture did n't buffer or freeze once , but the quality was not great , more akin to watching footballers in a computer game .
There 's the little fella ( Lennon ) , passing it inside to the gangly one ( Gerrard ) , on to the pale , chunky guy ( Rooney ) .
Distractions Costume dramas and nature programmes you might watch on iPlayer have lots of close - ups .
But the action in a football match like this is streamed and is so far away that trying to make out the small figures is difficult .
Certainly , faces , shirt numbers and names is hard to identify .
Pubs were not allowed to show the match
One of the most interesting differences with the television experience is the distraction of the mouse .
The equivalent of channel - surfing was to flick on to gmail or Facebook or Twitter , when the action on the pitch got a bit dull .
It 's a good opportunity to engage in the kind of banter you 'd enjoy with mates if they were on your sofa .
One emailed me to say : " Did n't even notice Stevie Gerrard .
It got so bad I found myself online banking . "
Another said on his Facebook update : " Missing my TV remote . "
So , there is a dimension to webcasts that televisions can't match .
But no number of humorous tweets can make up for the joy of five friends on your sofa , munching pizza and watching a big match .
And until web viewing through TVs really takes off , strange days like this for football fans may prove to be an isolated and quirky experiment .
Add your comments on this story , using the form below .
This sort of thing is obviously the future .
But until I can watch it in high definition via my big screen telly I 'm not interested .
As I also pay my TV licence fee and my broadband bill I fail to see why I should pay out yet more money to watch it .
Chris Taylor , Warrington
Very poor quality when put up to a 22 " full screen .
Luckily I pre-ordered so it only cost £ 5 , but still it was n't worth the money .
I expected the quality to be at least that of iPlayer , but was disappointed .
Shame there was n't a HD stream available .
The stream was steady , but just not good enough .
Will , Kidderminster
Some of us watch almost all of their television via a computer - I 'm in a non-Freeview area ( yes , despite being in a city ) and so it 's the only way to get BBC3 and BBC4 , among others .
The only irritation in this case should be that it required payment .
I found the lack of a picture accompanying a text commentary frustrating at first , but I was n't too bothered that I could n't watch this match once I found that highlights were going up on Youtube only a few minutes after anything had happened .
I watched coverage of the penalty perhaps five minutes after it had happened ; I did n't have to wait for post - match highlights .
Jenna , Bath I do n't understand the outrage , the rights were sold to Setanta , they went bust and nobody else was prepared to buy it so another method had to be used .
It 's quite simple either it 's worth 4.99 or 11.99 on the day to watch this match .
As it turns out , my decision to do something else instead was brilliant as this match was not worth 1 p .
It 's just football that 's all , and watching something on a computer will be the future , there will be a vast reduction in licence fee payers and people will just use their computers to download / stream stuff instead .
Spoontown , Cheltenham Yes , as John Pickavance notes correctly , and Chris Booth does n't - it 's the PROVIDER ( or possibly your ISP 's network congestion ) that generally has the problem if the picture quality is low or the streaming not seamless .
As long as your home equipment and your ISP is working efficiently , watching matches online can be a pleasant experience .
However , forget paying unless it 's HD and perfect !
There are many peer - to - peer services out there - no provider 's server overload to worry about as the load is shared between all the viewers .
Picture quality is poor , but then it 's 12 p - worth of electricity you 're paying , not £ 12 ...
Ben , London , England , UK
It 's not the fact that the company were charging the English fans to view their own team that really bothers me or even having to watch it on the computer its the fact that they refused point blank to give permission for it to be shown in pubs .
Surely the whole tradition of being able to enjoy an England game especially a World Cup Qualifier ( regardless of whether we had already qualified or not ) at your local with a pint and an amazing atmosphere is half the reason that many people bother to watch the games .
I honestly do not think I would bother to watch any of England 's games if they were all shown in this way .
For me and I am sure many others a big game like that is all about the atmosphere and the people you enjoy it with and by enforcing such unfair conditions the internet company ruined that experience for a great many people .
Rosamund Moger , Dorchester I connected my laptop to my TV via HDMI , and the picture quality was very poor .
It was worse than a standard definition TV broadcast and worse than high quality streaming media from other internet sources such as BBC iPlayer HD .
It was certainly not worth £ 11.99 , and I was disgusted that subscribers were subjected to advertising at half time .
This experience proved to be a retrograde step , and until broadband allows higher quality content to be reliably streamed to the masses , such broadcasts should remain on TV .
Chris Booth , Bristol I had to wait for someone to post highlights on Youtube .
It 's not watching it on a PC that bothers me .
It 's having to pay to watch my national team playing the national sport .
It 's been said before but it 's a disgrace .
Anthony Butler , Manchester
Well I think we 'd better get used to it .
As a proof of concept , it came across as vaguely successful , however there needs to be a better technical element attached .
Many computers ( including my own desktop ) have a TV out line which can then be fed into a proper sized television ( which is what I did ) .
However , as a result of the low quality of picture being transmitted ( probably because HD for example takes about six times the amount of data as even a normal high quality picture ) the actual quality of picture was more akin to watching a cartoon in a cinema on a Saturday morning 20 years ago .
If that makes sense .
As media - centre style PCs become more popular , acting not just as a word processor but also a method of playing , recording and generally controlling all forms of media in the household , this will proliferate as time goes on .
But the picture quality will need to improve , which will mean wider broadband capacity and bigger servers .
Something of an implementation headache for the broadcasters one would imagine .
Sleep tight Mr BBC reporter !
Matt Saunders , Bristol , UK I think any proud England fan who is angry that 1 ) they had to pay to watch their team play an international match & 2 ) were disappointed about having to watch the game on the internet , should take a good look at themselves because the last time I checked we Scots are rarely given ANY game to watch no matter how important the game is .
The fact that England had already qualified was good enough reason to pull the plug !
Richard , Edinburgh
It 's usually very easy to plug a computer into your TV .
My two - year - old computer has an HDMI port , older computers will have an s-video port , cables are cheap and easy to come by .
Our fairly inexpensive three year old TV has inputs for both .
Jamie Kitson , London , UK Some of us do n't get our interests - sporting or otherwise - broadcast on television at all , so being pushed to the internet and getting whatever weak online stream you can is n't anything particularly new .
Thus : I 'm really not seeing the big upset here .
M. Kelly , Stockport I 've been watching the NFL like this for over a year now , and there is nothing " isolated or quirky " about it .
As long as the stream is a HD stream and you 're capable of streaming 1.5 mbps , you can get a cable for £ 3 that you plug into your TV ( the picture is BETTER than standard cable ) .
Its just like watching TV with the added incentive that it 's exactly what you want to watch , and there would be no other way of getting it .
And yes , I have sat on a couch with 4 friends , munching pizza , and watching a big game .
The problem is not with the form of media - with the right equipment the experience you attest to is moot .
The problem is with the providers that fail to provide a reasonable stream quality and can't deal with excessive amounts of people all logging on at once .
John Pickavance , Leeds , England I had friends visiting for the weekend and had no intention of sitting around my laptop to watch the game so we went down to my local pub where I knew that if there was any chance of legally or illegally obtaining the game on television , they would most certainly have it .
True to form , I believe it was a Dubai station , they supplied the busy pub with normal England game viewing .
James Bradley , Manchester
Tom may not have enjoyed sitting on his Ikea chair instead of his comfy sofa , but supporters of teams the world over pay more than £ 10 to sit in the cold and rain on hard plastic chairs to support their team , and are happy to do so .
Maybe being a real supporter rather than just a TV fan is a step too far for some .
Magnus , Edinburgh , Scotland
It 's really not that hard to hook a PC up to a TV , in fact a lot of modern TVs ( especially large screens ) already have a VGA input .
That said , I would n't have paid - on principle .
But there is certainly no reason to sit on a hard office style chair watching on a PC / laptop screen .
Jon Cooper , Camborne , Cornwall I did n't watch the game in question , so can't comment on picture quality .
However , I do frequently watch computer generated film and sports broadcasts on line , and when I want a larger picture , simply connect my computer to my 42 inch plasma TV , A simple and cheap fix .
Pete , Leeds England
I did n't mind watching the England game on the PC as I also watch all the Premier League games on the PC also .
The advantage of watching PC Premier League games is that you can watch any game you want for example all the Liverpool games and it's all free of charge .
All I can say to the fools who paid to watch England games is that you are all fools as I watched the same game with no delays completely free of charge .
David Kelly , Manchester Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
McCain ’s bill is called The Dietary Supplement Safety Act ( DSSA ) .
It would repeal key sections of the Dietary Supplement Health and Education Act ( DSHEA ) .
DSHEA protects supplements if 1 ) they are food products that have been in the food supply and not chemically altered or 2 ) if they were sold as supplements prior to 1994 , the year that DSHEA was passed .
If a supplement fits one of these two descriptions , the Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) cannot arbitrarily ban it or reclassify it as a drug .
These protections are far from perfect .
They discourage companies from developing new forms of supplements .
New supplements may be arbitrarily banned by the FDA or adopted by drug companies in a way that precludes their further sale as supplements .
McCain ’s bill would wipe out even the minimal protections contained in DSHEA .
It would give the FDA full discretion and power to compile a discreet list of supplements allowed to remain on the market while banning all others .
Everyone knows that the FDA is friendly to drug companies ( which pay its bills and provide good revolving door jobs ) and hostile to supplement companies .
Under this bill , this same Agency could quite arbitrarily ban any supplement it wished or turn it over to drug companies to be developed as a drug and sold for multiples of its price as a supplement .
We must prevent this bill from gaining traction !
Protect your access to supplements by contacting your senators today and asking them NOT to co-sponsor the Dietary Supplement Safety
Act but rather to oppose it .
TAKE ACTION
McCain ’s Dietary Supplement Safety Act ( DSSA ) appears to be supported by the US Anti-Doping Agency ( USADA ) which is funded by major league sports teams including baseball , football and others .
The recent suspensions of NFL and other professional sports figures is much in the news , and the goal of the sports industry appears to be to shift the spotlight from their players to the supplements industry .
In his comments , Senator McCain cited six NFL players recently suspended for testing positive for banned substances and purportedly exposed to these substances through dietary supplements .
The problem here of course is one of illegal sale and use of steroids .
So why dismantle the supplement industry in order to control already illegal substances ?
The FDA currently has complete and total authority to stop illegal steroids and , more broadly , to regulate dietary supplements .
If the agency were doing its job , it could and would have prevented the sale of illegal steroids .
The answer to this problem is not to give FDA more power .
The Agency simply needs to do it ’s job .
TAKE ACTION
Why would a bill be offered to solve an illegal steroid problem that does not really address the steroid problem but instead gives the FDA complete and arbitrary control over all supplements ?
The answer is simple .
There are a lot of vested interests which are threatened by supplements .
Drug companies do not like them because they represent a low cost , safer , and often more effective alternative to drugs .
The FDA does not like them because supplements do not come through the FDA approval process and therefore do not support the FDA budget .
Why not simply require that supplements be brought through the FDA ’s drug approval process ?
Would n’t that create a level playing field ?
That is probably the argument that Senator McCain has been sold .
But it is a completely false argument .
The FDA drug approval process costs as much as a billion dollars .
It is not economically feasible to spend such vast sums on substances that are not protected by patent , and natural substances cannot legally be patented .
This is the great “ Catch 22 ” of American medicine .
The FDA , which is supposed to guard and promote our health , is hostile to the kind of natural medicine — based on diet , supplements , and exercise — that represents the real future of healthcare .
The Agency has either been captured by drug interests or is trapped in a catastrophically expensive , toxic , and ineffective patented - drug model .
Senator McCain has no doubt offered this bill in good faith .
But he has been sold a bill of goods by special interests .
And he has been naïve enough not to know that he is being used .
TAKE ACTION
This exceptionally bad bill also requires the reporting of all minor adverse events related to supplements .
This is in addition to the already existing requirement to report adverse events .
This will further stack the deck against small supplement companies by creating new , unnecessary , even more cumbersome , and of course very expensive administrative hurdles .
The result : the consolidation of the supplement industry into a few big companies .
If passed , this bill will likely result in the disappearance from store shelves of many supplements currently on the market .
In addition to fewer supplements , there would likely be much lower doses available .
Unbridled authority would be handed to the FDA , an agency that needs a top to bottom overhaul , not ever more power over our lives .
The FDA will like this because it believes that it can more easily control a few industry giants .
But is n’t it more likely that the industry giants will eventually gain control over the FDA ?
The FDA is already misusing the adverse event reporting process that exists .
Drugs rack up thousands of adverse event reports without any action .
Just recently , the FDA yanked from the market a supplement product based on just a couple of alleged adverse event reports without even allowing the company ( an old and respected firm ) to provide any counter - evidence or counter - argument .
The bill also allows the FDA to yank a product ( at the company ’s expense ) if there is a “ reasonable probability ” that it is “ adulterated ” or “ misbranded ” .
Let ’s remember that “ adulterated ” could mean there is a minor record keeping error on the producer ’s part and “ misbranded ” can mean that the producer simply tells the truth about the product .
An “ adulterated ” and “ misbranded ” supplement in Orwellian FDA speak may actually be both completely safe and effective .
If passed , this bill will likely result in the disappearance from store shelves of many supplements currently on the market .
In addition to fewer supplements , there would likely be much lower doses available .
Unbridled authority would be handed to the FDA , an agency that needs a top to bottom overhaul , not ever more power over our lives .
If McCain ’s bill passes , we can look to Europe for a snapshot of what we may be in for : EFSA , the European Food Safety Authority , has sharply reduced the list of available supplements and is in process of reducing potencies to ridiculous levels , such as less beta carotene than can be found in half of a large carrot .
Europeans already look to the US to obtain their dietary supplements .
If this bill passes , where will we obtain ours ?
Please take action immediately .
TAKE ACTION
Tell your senators NOT to co- sponsor this legislation and to do everything in their power to defeat it .
Then forward this to your friends and family and ask then to do the same !
Share This Post
WASHINGTON — The FBI says it uses “ cutting - edge ” technologies to develop age - processed photos of suspected terrorists .
As it turns out , the technique they used to come up with Osama bin Laden ’s modern portrait was essentially to digitally alter a Spanish lawmaker ’s mug shot and paste a beard and turban onto it .
The image was published on the State Department ’s “ Rewards for Justice Program ” Web site last week , offering a reward of $ 25 million to whoever captures the Al - Qaeda chief .
ADVERTISEMENT
The FBI has admitted to its transgression and US Ambassador to Spain , Alan Solomont , personally apologized to Gaspar Llamazares of the nation ’s United Left party .
But the lawmaker is n’t having any of it .
“ Apologies are not enough , ” he told reporters , and has suggested he might take legal action against the US government as he now feels unsafe traveling to the country .
“ I want a thorough investigation into this disgraceful case , which not only causes concern but also worry and indignation over the behavior of the FBI , ” he said , adding he wants assurances the image is no longer being used by intelligence or airport officials .
The original image of Llamazares was taken from his 2004 election campaign posters , The Associated Press reports .
The State Department has since removed it from its Web site .
“ Most likely an unknown citizen on stepping into an airport would have received a good fright , if not something worse , ” Llamazares said .
“ If this is how security against terrorism is guaranteed , whose hands are we in ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
ABC News reported on Thursday that the “ enhanced ” image of Al - Qaeda ’s top leader was created by FBI “ Forensic Artists ” using “ sophisticated digital enhancement techniques . ”
Llamazares accused the FBI of using his hair to develop a photo of another suspected terrorist , Libya ’s Atiyah Abd al - Rahman .
This video is from The Associated Press and uploaded to YouTube on Jan. 18 , 2010 .
« Irwin Schiff Update Februry 2010 | Main | Glenn
Beck admits we have a controlled economy »
Patriot Act Renewal
Patriot ACT Renewal :
SO now we know which bastards to get rid of !
Patriot Act Without Reforms Passes House ( Roll Call Included ) posted 25th February 2010 in Democrats , Legislation , Liberty by An extension of the Patriot Act with no reforms of its abusive powers of unreasonable search and seizure against American citizens has passed the House of Representatives .
The vote was 315 in favor of extending the Patriot Act without reform , 97 against , and 20 not voting .
Search for information about the roll call of this vote on - line tonight , and you 'll just find this nameless tally of numbers .
You wo n’t find the names .
Why ?
The reason is that the House Democratic leadership voted on the renewal of the Patriot Act in such a way as to hide the vote from the American people .
Go to the web site of the Clerk of the House , and you 'll see no vote from today about the Patriot Act at all .
What you will see is Roll Call 67 , On Motion to Concur in Senate Amendments for H.R. 3961 , the Medicare Physician Payment Reform Act .
That 's the vote on whether to extend the Patriot Act without any reforms of its abusive spying programs .
It does n't look like it , of course , but the Patriot Act extension is what 's referred to by Senate Amendments .
The Senate Democrats sneaked the Patriot Act extension into a Medicare reform bill , and then voted by voice vote to approve the amendment so that no politician would have to have their name attached to this shameless abandonment of liberty .
The House Democrats benefited from the maneuver as well , being able to vote on unnamed amendments related to Medicare reform , rather than having it on the record for everyone to see that they voted to renew the worst abuses of the Patriot Act without any effort to protect Americans from their spying powers at all .
We here at Irregular Times refuse to go along with this underhanded political charade .
We 're naming names .
Let 's start with those members of the House of Representatives who got it right :
Representatives With The Courage To Vote NO :
Neil Abercrombie , Tammy Baldwin , Roscoe Bartlett , Xavier Becerra , Howard Berman , Rob Bishop , Earl Blumenauer , John Boccieri , Bruce Braley , Mike Capuano , Jason Chaffetz , Judy Chu , Yvette Clarke , Emanuel Cleaver , Cohen , Jerry Costello , Joe Crowley , Elijah Cummings , Pete DeFazio , John Dingell , Lloyd Doggett , John Duncan , Donna Edwards , Vern Ehlers , Ellison , Eliot Engel , Sam Farr , Bob Filner , Barney Frank , Marcia Fudge , Al Green , Raul Grijalva , Phil Hare , Jane Harman , Alcee Hastings , Dean Heller , Maurice Hinchey , Mazie Hirono , Rush Holt , Mike Honda , Hank Johnson , Tim Johnson , Walter Jones , Steve Kagen , Dennis Kucinich , John Larson , Barbara Lee , John Lewis , Dave Loebsack , Ben Luján , Dan Maffei , Carolyn Maloney , Ed Markey , Doris Matsui , Betsy McCollum , McDermott , James McGovern , Gregory Meeks , Michael Michaud , George Miller , Walt Minnick , Gwen Moore , Jerrold Nadler , Richard Neal , Jim Oberstar , John Olver , Frank Pallone , Ed Pastor , Ron Paul , Don Payne , Tom Perriello , Chellie Pingree , Jared Polis , David Price , Laura Richardson , Tim Ryan , Linda Sánchez , Loretta Sanchez , John Sarbanes , Jan Schakowsky , Robert Scott , Jose Serrano , Carol Shea - Porter , Brad Sherman , Jackie Speier , Mike Thompson , John Tierney , Ed Towns , Nydia Velázquez , Peter Visclosky , Maxine Waters , Mel Watt , Henry Waxman , Peter Welch , Lynn Woolsey , David Wu , Don Young
This is the list of those who stood by and did nothing .
Not Voting :
Gresham Barrett , Tim Bishop , Rick Boucher , Lois Capps , Nathan Deal , Charles Dent , Mary Fallin , Phil Gingrey , Ralph Hall , Connie Mack , Sue Myrick , Joseph Pitts , Tom Price , George Radanovich , Dave Reichert , Pete Stark , Bart Stupak , John Sullivan , Lynn Westmoreland , Joe Wilson
And finally , the pure scoundrels of the day , the U.S. Representatives who voted to extend the worst parts of the Patriot Act , aspects of the law known to be routinely abused , targeting American citizens , without any reforms whatsoever .
Non-Representing , Representatives voting AYE to more spying without reform :
Gary Ackerman , Aderholt , John Adler , Todd Akin , Rodney Alexander , Jason Altmire , Rob Andrews , Mike Arcuri , Steve Austria , Joe Baca , Michele Bachmann , Spencer Bachus , Brian Baird , John Barrow , Joe Barton , Melissa Bean , Shelly Berkley , Marion Berry , Judy Biggert , Brian Bilbray , Gus Bilirakis , Sanford Bishop , Marsha Blackburn , Roy Blunt , John Boehner , Jo Bonner , Mary Bono Mack , John Boozman , Dan Boren , Leon Boswell , Charles Boustany , Allen Boyd , Bob Brady , Kevin Brady , Bobby Bright , Paul Broun , Henry Brown , Corrine Brown , Ginny Brown - Waite , Vern Buchanan , Mike Burgess , Dan Burton , G. K. Butterfield , Steve Buyer , Ken Calvert , Dave Camp , John Campbell , Eric Cantor , Joseph Cao , Shelly Capito , Dennis Cardoza , Russ Carnahan , Chris Carney , Andre Carson , John Carter , Bill Cassidy , Mike Castle , Kathy Castor , Ben Chandler , Travis Childers , William Lacy Clay , Jim Clyburn , Howard Coble , Mike Coffman , Tom Cole , Mike Conaway , Gerry Connolly , John Conyers , Jim Cooper , Jim Costa , Joe Courtney , Ander Crenshaw , Henry Cuellar , John Culberson , Kathleen Dahlkemper , Artur Davis , Susan Davis , Danny Davis , Geoff Davis , Lincoln Davis , Diana DeGette , William Delahunt , Rosa DeLauro , Lincoln Diaz - Balart , Mario Diaz - Balart , Norm Dicks , Joe Donnelly , Mike Doyle , David Dreier , Steve Driehaus , Chet Edwards , Brad Ellsworth , Jo Ann Emerson , Anna Eshoo , Bob Etheridge , Chaka Fattah , Jeff Flake , John Fleming , Randy Forbes , Jeff Fortenberry , Bill Foster , Virginia Foxx , Trent Franks , Rodney Frelinghuysen , Elton Gallegly , John Garamendi , Scott Garrett , Jim Gerlach , Gabrielle Giffords , Louie Gohmert , Charles Gonzalez , Bob Goodlatte , Bart Gordon , Kay Granger , Sam Graves , Alan Grayson , Gene Green , Parker Griffith , Brett Guthrie , Luis Gutierrez , John Hall , Deborah Halvorson , Greg Harper , Doc Hastings , Martin Heinrich , Jeb Hensarling , Wally Herger , Stephanie Herseth Sandlin , Brian Higgins , Baron Hill , James Himes , Ruben Hinojosa , Paul Hodes , Peter Hoekstra , Tim Holden , Steny Hoyer , Duncan Hunter , Bob Inglis , Jay Inslee , Steve Israel , Darrel Issa , Jesse Jackson , Sheila Jackson Lee , Lynn Jenkins , Eddie Bernice Johnson , Sam Johnson , Jim Jordan , Paul Kanjorski , Marcy Kaptur , Patrick Kennedy , Dale Kildee , Carolyn Kilpatrick , Mary Jo Kilroy , Ron Kind , Steve King , Peter King , Jack Kingston , Mark Kirk , Ann Kirkpatrick , Larry Kissell , Ron Klein , John Kline , Suzanne Kosmas , Frank Kratovil , Doug Lamborn , Leonard Lance , James Langevin , Rick Larsen , Tom Latham , Steven LaTourette , Bob Latta , Chris Lee , Sander Levin , Jerry Lewis , John Linder , Dan Lipinski , Frank LoBiondo , Zoe Lofgren , Nita Lowey , Frank Lucas , Blaine Luetkemeyer , Cynthia Lummis , Dan Lungren , Stephen Lynch , Don Manzullo , Kenny Marchant , Betsy Markey , Jim Marshall , Eric Massa , Jim Matheson , Kevin McCarthy , Carolyn McCarthy , Mike McCaul , Tom McClintock , Thad McCotter , Patrick McHenry , Mike McIntyre , Buck McKeon , Mike McMahon , Cathy McMorris Rodgers , Jerry McNerney , Kendrick Meek , Charles Melancon , John Mica , Jeff Miller , Candice Miller , Brad Miller , Gary Miller , Harry Mitchell , Alan Mollohan , Dennis Moore , Jerry Moran , James Moran , Chris Murphy , Scott Murphy , Patrick Murphy , Tim Murphy , Grace Napolitano , Randy Neugebauer , Devin Nunes , Glenn Nye , Dave Obey , Peter Olson , Solomon Ortiz , Bill Owens , Bill Pascrell , Erik Paulsen , Mike Pence , Ed Perlmutter , Gary Peters , Collin Peterson , Tom Petri , Todd Platts , Ted Poe , Earl Pomeroy , Bill Posey , Adam Putnam , Mike Quigley , Nick Rahall , Charles Rangel , Denny Rehberg , Silvestre Reyes , Ciro Rodriguez , David Roe , Mike Rogers , Harold Rogers , Mike Rogers , Dana Rohrabacher , Tom Rooney , Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , Peter Roskam , Mike Ross , Steve Rothman , Lucille Roybal - Allard , Ed Royce , Dutch Ruppersberger , Bobby Rush , Paul Ryan , John Salazar , Steve Scalise , Mark Schauer , Adam Schiff , Jean Schmidt , Aaron Schock , Kurt Schrader , Allyson Schwartz , David Scott , James Sensenbrenner , Pete Sessions , Joe Sestak , John Shadegg , John Shimkus , Heath Shuler , Bill Shuster , Mike Simpson , Albio Sires , Ike Skelton , Louise Slaughter , Adrian Smith , Christopher Smith , Lamar Smith , Adam Smith , Vic Snyder , Souder , Zack Space , John Spratt , Cliff Stearns , Betty Sutton , John Tanner , Gene Taylor , Harry Teague , Lee Terry , Bennie Thompson , Glenn Thompson , Mac Thornberry , Todd Tiahrt , Patrick Tiberi , Dina Titus , Paul Tonko , Niki Tsongas , Michael Turner , Fred Upton , Chris Van Hollen , Greg Walden , Tim Walz , Zach Wamp , Debbie Wasserman Schultz , Diane Watson , Anthony Weiner , Ed Whitfield , Charles Wilson , Rob Wittman , Frank Wolf , John Yarmuth , Bill Young - Dan Tucker ___
It looks like most of Florida 's Congressional delegation voted to renew and extend the " Patriot " Act. - Mark Adams JD / MBA ___
Thanks for the " heads up " on this , Dan !
I 've just added this bill to Congress 's Report Card on ThrowThemOut.com .
I also just noticed that , of all the major bills I have listed there for our current Congress , Florida 's Representatives Corrine Brown , Kathy Castor , Alan Greyson and Ron Klein have voted against the Constitution EVERY TIME !!!
Rep 's Alcee Hastings , Kendrick Meek , Debbie Schultz and Robert Wexler come in next voting 11 out of 12 times against the Constitution .
These are the worst of our traitors !
For Truth & Liberty ,
Mark Ferguson
Join http://www.PoliticalWatchdog.
com/login/
Vote Congress Out in 2010 ...
http://ThrowThemOut.com
Join the R3VOLution
http://CampaignForLiberty.com
February 27 , 2010 in Current Affairs | Permalink
As immigrants surged into Orange County in the last two decades , the number of poeple voting for Republican presidential candidates in one of the state ’s most conservative regions dropped by nearly 18 percent – to just over 50 percent , according to a report by the Center for Immigration Studies .
The correlation between increased immigration and what the study called the Republican “ demise ” mirrors a nationwide trend in counties , according to the report released Friday by an anti-illegal immigration group , which seeks to curb overall immigration .
In Orange County , the percent of people voting for Republicans in presidential elections dropped from 67.9 percent to 50.2 percent from 1980 to 2008 .
( click here to see chart ) .
At the same time , the percentage of the foreign - born population increased by about 20 percent in the county , according to James Gimpel , who wrote “ Immigration , Political Realignment , and the Demise of Republican Political Prospects . ”
Orange County has also seen a drop in Republican voter registration in the last few decades .
The GOP fell below having 50 percent of the county ’s registered voters in 1999 and slipped to 45.5 percent in 2008 .
By comparison , Los Angeles County saw a larger drop in people voting Republican in the last few presidential elections than Orange County , according to the study .
As the foreign - born population in Los Angeles County ballooned by nearly 19 percent , people voting for Republican candidates dropped from 50.2 % in 1980 to 28.8 % in 2008 elections .
Gimpel , a government professor at the University of Maryland , said the term “ immigrant ” is used in the study to describe both legal immigrants and those who are in the country illegally .
“ There is an irony in that even though the Republican electorate has been undermined over time by this immigration flow , they do have a business constituency which seems committed to keeping it wide open , ” Gimpel said .
“ There are a lot of influential donors who are in the business community who have influence over the GOP ’s policy making in this area and they benefit from this flow of immigrants . ”
Gimpel based his report on data from the U.S. Census Bureau and American Community Survey .
The survey asks respondents whether they are foreign - born .
However , neither survey asks respondents whether they are in the country legally .
A good portion of the foreign - born are from Mexico or other parts of Latin America , Gimpel added .
FOR MORE IMMIGRATION -RELATED NEWS CLICK HERE
Congressman Dana Rohrabacher , R- Huntington Beach , says he ’s not worried about the decline , saying that legal immigrants will eventually find their way into the GOP .
“ I see a lot of new citizens in the Republican ranks , ” Rohrabacher said .
“ I think that people who come here legally are all potential Republicans because they have a love in their heart for America that has brought them to our country and eventually those people will opt for limited government and American freedom . ”
Gimpel agreed with Rohrabacher that the decline is temporary .
However , he said immigrants tend to associate themselves more with the Democratic Party because of where they end up — in larger , more urban areas that are already Democratic strongholds .
State Sen. Lou Correa , D - Santa Ana , has a different take .
Correa , whose district is made up by a good portion of foreign - born people , says the tide turned for Republicans with Governor Pete Wilson ’s election and his push for Proposition 187 , a ballot initiative that would have denied public services , such as education , to people in the country illegally .
“ The election of 1994 really shifted the way Latinos looked at politics and looked at voting .
That was a big wedge , ” Correa said .
“ I believe that awakened a lot of the community .
The community really woke up . ”
For a long time , Democrats had pushed for Latino votes and participation in the electorate .
“ None were as successful as Gov. Wilson and his Proposition 187 , ” Correa said .
“ That really energized them to vote and associate themselves with the Democratic Party . ”
Contact the writer : 714-796-7924 or ccarcamo@ocregister.com
Google Street View usually provides us with ground - level shots of the world 's road network .
What was Street View doing on a ski hill , and for that matter , how did it get there ?
Advertisement
This is good .
A blog called Three Word Chant has dug up an infamous Newsweek article dating back to 1995 titled “ The Internet ?
Bah ! ” .
There are a number of quotes that will leave you grinning proudly about how wrong author Clifford Stoll was , but before we criticise , let ’s accept this is 1995 .
The Internet was a mess .
No Google .
No method to the madness .
It ’s understandable how many may have believed there was n’t something in this Internet thing .
Then again , this author really should have known better , Clifford Stoll is a US astronomer and author , you would expect someone of his technological background to have you a more inspired vision of the future .
You can read more about him here and watch a mad ( and I mean mad ) TED presentation of his here .
You can read the article below .
My favorite parts are highlighted in red .
The Internet ?
Bah !
Hype alert :
Why cyberspace is n’t , and will never be , nirvana
After two decades online , I ’m perplexed .
It ’s not that I have n’t had a gas of a good time on the Internet .
I ’ve met great people and even caught a hacker or two .
But today , I ’m uneasy about this most trendy and oversold community .
Visionaries see a future of telecommuting workers , interactive libraries and multimedia classrooms .
They speak of electronic town meetings and virtual communities .
Commerce and business will shift from offices and malls to networks and modems .
And the freedom of digital networks will make government more democratic .
Baloney .
Do our computer pundits lack all common sense ?
The truth in no online database will replace your daily newspaper , no CD - ROM can take the place of a competent teacher and no computer network will change the way government works .
Consider today ’s online world .
The Usenet , a worldwide bulletin board , allows anyone to post messages across the nation .
Your word gets out , leapfrogging editors and publishers .
Every voice can be heard cheaply and instantly .
The result ?
Every voice is heard .
The cacophany more closely resembles citizens band radio , complete with handles , harrasment , and anonymous threats .
When most everyone shouts , few listen .
How about electronic publishing ?
Try reading a book on disc .
At best , it ’s an unpleasant chore : the myopic glow of a clunky computer replaces the friendly pages of a book .
And you ca n’t tote that laptop to the beach .
Yet Nicholas Negroponte , director of the MIT Media Lab , predicts that we ’ll soon buy books and newspapers straight over the Intenet .
Uh , sure .
What the Internet hucksters wo n’t tell you is tht the Internet is one big ocean of unedited data , without any pretense of completeness .
Lacking editors , reviewers or critics , the Internet has become a wasteland of unfiltered data .
You do n’t know what to ignore and what ’s worth reading .
Logged onto the World Wide Web , I hunt for the date of the Battle of Trafalgar .
Hundreds of files show up , and it takes 15 minutes to unravel them–one ’s a biography written by an eighth grader , the second is a computer game that does n’t work and the third is an image of a London monument .
None answers my question , and my search is periodically interrupted by messages like , “ Too many connectios , try again later . ”
Wo n’t the Internet be useful in governing ?
Internet addicts clamor for government reports .
But when Andy Spano ran for county executive in Westchester County , N.Y. , he put every press release and position paper onto a bulletin board .
In that affluent county , with plenty of computer companies , how many voters logged in ?
Fewer than 30 .
Not a good omen .
Point and click :
Then there are those pushing computers into schools .
We ’re told that multimedia will make schoolwork easy and fun .
Students will happily learn from animated characters while taught by expertly tailored software .
Who needs teachers when you ’ve got computer - aided education ?
Bah .
These expensive toys are difficult to use in classrooms and require extensive teacher training .
Sure , kids love videogames–but think of your own experience : can you recall even one educational filmstrip of decades past ?
I ’ll bet you remember the two or three great teachers who made a difference in your life .
Then there ’s cyberbusiness .
We ’re promised instant catalog shopping –just point and click for great deals .
We ’ll order airline tickets over the network , make restaurant reservations and negotiate sales contracts .
Stores will become obselete .
So how come my local mall does more business in an afternoon than the entire Internet handles in a month ?
Even if there were a trustworthy way to send money over the Internet–which there is n’t –the network is missing a most essential ingredient of capitalism : salespeople .
What ’s missing from this electronic wonderland ?
Human contact .
Discount the fawning techno - burble about virtual communities .
Computers and networks isolate us from one another .
A network chat line is a limp substitute for meeting friends over coffee .
No interactive multimedia display comes close to the excitement of a live concert .
And who ’d prefer cybersex to the real thing ?
While the Internet beckons brightly , seductively flashing an icon of knowledge - as - power , this nonplace lures us to surrender our time on earth .
A poor substitute it is , this virtual reality where frustration is legion and where –in the holy names of Education and Progress–important aspects of human interactions are relentlessly devalued .
Update :
Boing Boing has also run with this story and the man himself has commented .
His words :
“ Of my many mistakes , flubs , and howlers , few have been as public as my 1995 howler .
Wrong ?
Yep .
At the time , I was trying to speak against the tide of futuristic commentary on how The Internet Will Solve Our Problems .
Gives me pause .
Most of my screwups have had limited publicity : Forgetting my lines in my 4th grade play .
Misidentifying a Gilbert and Sullivan song while suddenly drafted to fill in as announcer on a classical radio station .
Wasting a week hunting for planets interior to Mercury ’s orbit using an infrared system with a noise level so high that it could n’t possibly detect ’em .
Heck – trying to dry my sneakers in a microwave oven ( a quarter century later , there ’s still a smudge on the kitchen ceiling )
And , as I ’ve laughed at others ’ foibles , I think back to some of my own cringeworthy contributions .
Now , whenever I think I know what ’s happening , I temper my thoughts :
Might be wrong , Cliff …
Warm cheers to all ,
- Cliff Stoll on a rainy Friday afternoon in Oakland ”
Read next : Tucker , age 9 , performs " Boom Boom Pow " for more than 15,000 at the Penn State Dance Marathon .
The new Libraries feature in Windows 7 makes it easier to manage your files and folders .
Today we take a comprehensive look at everything you can do with Windows 7 Libraries .
Advertisement
The Libraries feature in Windows 7 provides a central place to manage files that are located in multiple locations throughout your computer .
Instead of clicking through a bunch of directories to find the files you need , including them in a library makes for quicker access .
Access Libraries
To access the libraries in Windows 7 , type libraries into the search box in the Start Menu and hit Enter .
Advertisement
The default libraries in Windows 7 will open up in Explorer which are Documents , Music , Pictures , and Videos .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Anytime you 're in Windows Explorer , you 'll be able to access libraries from the Navigation Pane .
Advertisement
Using Libraries
In these examples we 'll take a look at the Documents Library , but the procedures will work for any library you want to add locations to .
If you 've been working in Windows 7 for a while and storing documents to the My Documents folder , when you open the Documents Library , you 'll see those documents .
Some applications install folders in the My Documents folder by default and you 'll see those as well .
Advertisement
What if you have documents stored in a folder other than My Documents ?
You need to add it to the Documents Library .
There are a couple of ways you can go about it .
Right - click on a folder and select Include in library from the context menu , then choose the Documents Library .
Keep in mind that when you add a folder to a library , that folder is still in its original location .
Advertisement
Or when you have the folder containing your documents open , select Include in library and choose the library to put them in from the dropdown .
Advertisement
Here we take a look at the Documents library that contains files that are located in different places throughout the hard drive , including some on another partition .
Advertisement
You can also remove items from libraries as well .
When you 're in a library , click on the locations link .
Advertisement
The Documents Library Locations window opens up and from here you can add or remove locations .
Advertisement
Create New Libraries
The default libraries are all well and good , but if you really want to take advantage of this feature , you 'll want to create your own .
While in the libraries directory click on the New library button and give it a name .
Advertisement
In this example we made a new library called Work Projects .
The first time you open it you 'll be prompted to include a folder .
Advertisement
Browse to the location with the files you want to add then click Include folder .
Advertisement
Now the files included in that folder will show up in the new library .
Advertisement
After you 've created some libraries they 'll be added to the list to select from .
Advertisement
Add Network Locations
While libraries are a handy new feature , it 's not perfect .
Not all folders can be added to libraries as Microsoft has stuck some rules on them .
You can pretty much add anything from a local drive , including other volumes or partitions .
External USB drives formatted as NTFS or Fat32 can be added as well .
Things get kind of weird when you 're trying to add network and non-indexed locations .
Advertisement
Thankfully there 's a handy free utility you can use that makes adding network locations a lot easier .
Win7 Library
Tool is small and straight forward to use .
Just click on the Create a new library button .
Advertisement
Then add the network location you want included in the library .
Notice this tool will also allow you to easily change the library icon which is a neat additional feature .
Advertisement
In this example we 've added a home network share that contains music files to a library named MP3 library .
Advertisement
Conclusion
This should help get you started using Libraries in Windows 7 , which at first might take some getting used to .
Once you understand how they work and start creating your own , you 'll find they 're actually pretty useful .
Once you get going , you 'll find the Win7 Library Tool makes adding network locations a snap .
How about you ?
Do you use libraries in Windows 7 ?
Leave a comment and let us know what you like or do n't like about the feature .
Advertisement
Understanding the Libraries Feature in Windows 7 [ the How - To Geek ]
Prestige Water is recognized as the No. 1 water Dispenser , water cooler and Water Filtration company in Australia .
Established in 2001 and still growing .
You can be assured that we supply the best quality units and our service is next to none .
Over all those years we understand the benefits of having clean and great tasting drinking water with minerals affordable for you , your family or your business without having to pay for it .
If you own one of our water systems with filtration , you convert your own tap water into free alkaline drinking water with minerals .
If you are buying bottled water or get your water bottles delivered , you are paying too much .
The Prestige Water 7 - stage filtration bottle will not only filter your tap water but will purify it too .
Very important minerals are added back to the water and your drinking water will be more alkaline too .
Prestige Water supplied thousands of businesses and households throughout Australia with a drinking water system .
The filter cartridge needs to be replaced every 6 or 9 months depending on the application .
Prestige Water will advise you when your filter cartridge is due for replacing .
Give us a call today and find out how you can safe money and how easy it is to own one of our water cooler and filtration units .
Tap water contains chemicals such as chlorine , heavy metals , organic sediment , and more .
The filter will filtered out all those chemicals and you will have clean drinking water available .
All our systems will have a cold water tap and some models also a hot water tap .
You can switch off the hot water and this tap will dispense room temperature water .
All of our water coolers from The Benchtop model up the our Floor Standing model are the best quality available .
Ca n't decide on the right filtered water cooler system for your office or home , please give us a call or send us an email .
This past weekend , we reported that a campaign was underway at Ole Miss to make Admiral Ackbar the university ’s new mascot .
As geeked out as we were by the possibility of the beloved , squidlike Star Wars Rebel Alliance Commander of “ It ’s a trap ! ” fame leading a different set of Rebels on the playing field , we were skeptical that students would want to oust their current plantation - owning semi-mascot , Colonel Reb .
Well , color us happily surprised : an early report from TMZ on yesterday ’s voting says that Ackbar is currently the “ favorite ” among the student body .
TMZ :
Tuesday , the students voted in favor of crowning a new mascot to represent Rebel Nation … and the favorite so far is none other than the most famous Mon Calamari in the entire universe .
Several pro-Ackbar websites have recently emerged — making the Admiral the heavy favorite .
The University tells us the decision on the mascot is entirely in the hands of the student mascot committee .
The University will hold a vote in the near future — we ’ll keep you updated .
As Gamma Squad points out , even a unanimous student body vote for Ackbar might run into complications : namely , George Lucas ‘ protective guarding of his every creation .
See : the Motorola Droid , whose creators had to pay Lucas for the rights to use the word “ droid ” — it ’s unlikely that Ole Miss will cough up that sort of coin .
But in this case , we ’re hoping against hope that this campaign can upset the imperial fleet and secure Endor , or at least a bunch of tailgates .
( TMZ )
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
WHILST recently watching ' Tunnel Vision ' -- a very good Irish documentary on the Glen of the Downs Nature Reserve tree protest -- it dawned on me that we are now 10 years on from the end of that campaign .
How fascinating it is to look back on the " hippies " , " wasters " and " blow - ins " ( as they were called by some back then ) who spent the late '90s living in the trees at the nature reserve in Co Wicklow , and doing what ' eco warriors ' do to protect the planet from council chainsaws .
Wicklow County Council needed to widen the N11 for the sake of ... progress ?
But these pesky hippies from all over the place ( " a lot of them are n't even Irish you know ! " ) were wasting taxpayers ' money by not doing the " right thing " and vacating a protected nature reserve so that part of it could be destroyed in order to widen a road .
In other words , they wasted our money by delaying an even bigger waste of our money .
Apart from the fact that the road widening there has proved -- as they suggested -- something of a waste of time ( no traffic jams lately ! ) a lot of the other observations were similarly compelling .
During the documentary , for example , several participants cited the Celtic Tiger rush to sell one 's soul for economic ' progress ' .
We now know how bogus that promise was .
One of the best quotes from the documentary followed the imprisonment of several protesters -- based on technicalities and abuse of the law -- to keep them out of the way while Wicklow County Council went in to the nature reserve to fell the trees .
One of the protesters remarked : " They can't afford to let us win .
If they did that , it would mean people power worked , and people would ask what they need a government for ? "
In 2010 that rings very true , as does just about everything else the protesters said and did all those years ago .
I have renewed respect for " hippies " , " wasters " and " blow - ins " , not to mention " new - age crap " .
This documentary should be shown on RTE on a regular basis as a warning about greed and the abuse of power over common sense and ordinary people .
The only problem is , 10 years on , it might vie for space among all the other examples which have since come to pass .
Anthony Halpin
BRAY , CO WICKLOW
Irish Independent
Andy Powell played during Wales ' victory over Scotland on Saturday Welsh rugby star Andy Powell has been charged with drink driving after he allegedly took and drove away a golf buggy , hours after Wales beat Scotland .
The flanker was arrested with another man at 0600 GMT on Sunday at services off junction 33 of the M4 near the team hotel in the Vale of Glamorgan .
Mr Powell 's agent told the BBC the player was " very sorry and embarrassed about what happened " .
The Welsh Rugby Union ( WRU ) said it was monitoring the situation .
A police spokesman confirmed two men were arrested and that investigations are ongoing .
Powell played in the 31 - 24 victory in the Six Nations championship .
It is understood the golf buggy was taken from the Vale Hotel , Golf and Spa Resort in the Vale of Glamorgan where the Wales team stayed before and after the Scotland game at the Millennium Stadium on Saturday .
Mr Powell 's agent , Mike Burton , told BBC Radio 5 Live : " Andy was disappointed and embarrassed to find himself in this position .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" He does not excuse or condone drink driving in any form and it was a misjudgement .
He is sorry and he will face up to it . "
A spokesman for the hotel said they could not comment as a police investigation was ongoing .
The WRU said in a statement : " The national squad views matters of player conduct extremely seriously .
" Members of the national squad management will formally speak to the player before any further statement is issued . "
It said the WRU had advised the player on the " opportunities he can consider for legal representation at this stage " .
Brecon - born rugby flanker Powell , 28 , has won 14 caps for Wales and toured with the British and Irish Lions squad to South Africa .
The forward plays regional rugby for Cardiff Blues , after joining from the Llanelli Scarlets in 2005 .
He has also played for Beziers , Leicester and Newport .
Cardiff Blues said it was a matter for the Wales team .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cigarette Butts as Litter Toxic as Well as Ugly
By Kathleen M. Register
This article first appeared in the publication " Underwater Naturalist "
Bulletin of the American Littoral Society , Volume 25 , Number 2 , August 2000
Cigarette butts are the most common form of plastic litter on the beaches of the U.S. and world - wide .
Toxic chemicals can leach out of the cigarette filters .
Photo copyrighted by Chris Register .
Introduction
Every beach - goer has seen them cigarette butts littering the shore .
Beyond being unsightly , does cigarette litter present a threat to organisms ?
This article summarizes research conducted to determine if the compounds in discarded cigarette butts ( the filters and remnant tobacco ) are biohazards to the water flea ( Daphnia magna ) .
Short - term bioassays ( 48 hours ) using the water flea as the test organism were conducted .
The results indicate that the chemicals released into freshwater environments from cigarette butts are lethal to Daphnia at concentrations of 0.125 cigarette butts per liter ( one butt per two gallons of water ) .
Smokers discard billions of cigarette butts yearly , tossing many directly into the environment .
Cigarette butts accumulate outside of buildings , on parking lots and streets where they can be transported through storm drains to streams , rivers , and beaches .
Some background on cigarettes
95 % of cigarette filters are made of cellulose acetate , a plastic slow to degrade .
Cellulose acetate fibers are thinner than sewing thread , white , and packed tightly together to create a filter ; they can look like cotton .
Cigarette filters are specifically designed to absorb vapors and to accumulate particulate smoke components .
Cultivated tobacco , Nicotiana tabacum , is a member of the nightshade family of plants .
It is a broadleaf native of tropical America cultivated as an annual .
Cigarette filters may look like cotton , but are made of cellulose acetate , a plastic that is slow to degrade in the environment .
Cigarette filters are specifically designed to accumulate particulate smoke components including toxic chemicals .
Photo copyrighted by Chris Register .
Depending on the type of tobacco and its growing location , the leaves of the tobacco plant can have different tastes , burning properties , aromas , color , and nicotine content .
Tobacco leaves contain several alkaloids , including the highly toxic alkaloid nicotine .
Nicotine is a powerful insecticide and among the deadliest of all plant products in its pure form .
According to the US Department of
Health and Human
Services , it raises blood pressure , affects the central nervous system , and constricts blood vessels in humans .
Nicotine is a colorless liquid highly soluble in water , and readily absorbed through the skin in its pure form .
Potentially hundreds of additives are mixed with tobacco during the manufacturing process .
Additives to smoking tobacco include flavorings and humectants used to keep tobacco moist .
According to a publication written for the tobacco industry , additives can constitute ten percent of the weight of the " tobacco " portion of a cigarette , and four percent of the entire cigarette .
A widely used cigarette additive is menthol , which provides flavor and serves as an anesthetic .
When burned , many additives form new compounds , possessing unique properties .
The " tar " often referred to in connection with cigarettes is not a black petroleum tar product , but instead refers to the hundreds of substances and additives found in tobacco .
Tar , when cool , is a sticky yellow - brown substance and the US Department of Health and Human Services states that it is composed of organic and inorganic chemicals , including some carcinogens .
The complete list of 1,400 potential tobacco additives , which include sweeteners and flavors such as cocoa , rum , licorice , sugar , and fruit juices is considered a trade secret .
Since tobacco is not classified as a food or drug , there are no legal maximums on agricultural chemicals or chemical additives cigarettes may contain .
Emergence of the issue
Cigarette butts accumulate in the environment due to the popularity of plastic cigarette filters and the habit some smokers have to " toss their butt " rather than use ashtrays .
Prior to 1954 , most cigarettes were non-filtered .
In the mid-1950s , sales of filtered cigarettes increased dramatically as the cause - effect relationship between smoking and cancer was reported extensively in the press .
Before these reports , in 1950 , sales of filtered cigarettes in the US were 1.5 % of all cigarette sales .
Now , more than 97 % of cigarettes sold in the U .S. have filters .
The recent bans on indoor smoking have also appeared to cause a shift in cigarette butt deposition .
Circumstantial evidence indicates that more cigarette butts are accumulating outside of buildings due to the popularity of indoor smoking bans .
In Australia , cigarette butts account for 50 % of all litter , a trend that the executive director of Keep Australia Clean blames partly on indoor no-smoking policies .
How many discarded cigarette butts are there ?
Trillions .
Global tobacco consumption has more than doubled in the last 30 years , and world cigarette production reached a record high in 1997 according to the US Department of Agriculture ( USDA ) .
The USDA estimated that in 1998 , 470 billion cigarettes were consumed in the US ; world cigarette production was 5.608 trillion .
The World Health Organization estimates that 1.1 billion people in the world smoke that is one third of all people on earth over the age of 15 .
The 470 billion cigarettes smoked in the United States in 1998 translates to a total of 176,250,000 pounds of discarded butts in one year in the United States alone .
The filters from 5.608 trillion cigarettes ( approximate world production ) would weigh more than 2.1 billion pounds ( Table 1 ) .
This figure does not include the weight of the tobacco still attached to the filter , or the packaging , matches , disposable lighters , and other " collateral " waste that is generated by smoking .
The filters on one pack of 20 cigarettes weigh 0.12 ounces ( with no tobacco attached ) and displaces a volume of 10 ml .
With annual worldwide production of cigarettes at 5.608 trillion , the potential weight and volume of cigarette butts becomes enormous ( Table 1 ) .
Similarly , cigarette butts take up a large volume of space .
If one person smokes a pack and a half a day , he will consume more than 10,000 cigarettes in a year .
This number of cigarette butts ( filters only not including remnant tobacco ) will fill a volume of five liters .
Worldwide annual consumption of cigarettes creates enough cigarette butt waste to fill more than 2,800,000,000 liters ( 2,800,000 m3 ) .
number of filters ounces / pounds milliliters / liters 20 ( one pack ) .12 oz 10 ml 10,000 ( one year 's consumption for one smoker ) 3.75 lbs 5 liters 1,000,000 375 lbs 500 liters 100,000,000 37,500 lbs 50,000 liters 10,000,000,000 3,750,000 lbs 5,000,000 liters 465,000,000,000 ( Number of cigarettes smoked in the US in 1998 ) 174,375,000 lbs 232,500,000 liters 1,000,000,000,000 375,000,000 lbs 500,000,000 liters 5,608,000,000,000 ( 1998 world cigarette production ) 2,103,000,000 lbs 2,804,000,000 liters
Table 1 Weight and Volume of Discarded Cigarette Filters .
The percentage of cigarettes with filters varies , depending on the country .
Number of filters
There is one measure as to how many cigarette butts are finding their way into streams , rivers , and coastal environments .
The International Coastal Cleanup Day , organized annually by the Center for Marine Conservation , involves more than 500,000 volunteers picking up debris from beaches , rivers , and streams around the world .
[ Note : in July 2001 , the Center for Marine Conservation changed its name to The Ocean Conservancy . ]
Volunteers complete Marine Debris Data Cards indicating the quantity and type of litter they pick up .
Cigarette butts were the most common debris item collected during the international cleanup , numbering 1,616,841 in 1998 .
Cigarette butts have topped the list in all CMC International Coastal Cleanups since they were added to the Data Cards as a separate item in 1990 .
Because of the vast inflow of cigarette butts into the environment , experiments were conducted to determine if cigarette butts as litter present an environmental problem beyond aesthetics and have a measurable toxic effect when they enter the aquatic environment .
A series of bioassays ( tests which use the response of a living organism to determine the effective level of a chemical in the environment ) were conducted .
One of the organisms most studied in aquatic bioassays is the planktonic animal Daphnia magna , often called a water flea .
Static acute toxicity tests using D. magna have been widely used for decades to estimate the acute toxicity of chemicals to aquatic invertebrates .
In aquatic ecosystems , water fleas occupy a critical position as they transfer energy and organic matter from primary producers ( algae ) to higher consumers such as fishes .
Water fleas are small transparent crustaceans , have one central black compound eye , and swim in jerky motions .
They feed by rhythmically beating their legs , collecting algae or bacteria on the filter - like bristles on their thoracic legs , and passing the food toward their mouths .
The Experiments
The large number of chemicals in used cigarette filters precluded toxicity testing of each chemical .
Thus , a test that can estimate aquatic toxicity from the composite of chemicals and compounds found in cigarette butts was used .
Using the US Environmental Protection Agency 's 1996 " Aquatic invertebrate acute toxicity test for freshwater daphnids " standardized toxicology protocols and procedures , water fleas were introduced to petri dishes filled with dilution water and the test solution .
For these experiments , the test solution was made by soaking the components of cigarette butts ( remnant tobacco or the cellulose - acetate filters ) in distilled , deionized water , and allowing the chemicals in the butts to leach into the water .
Water fleas in the petri dishes were observed at 24 and 48 hours .
In addition to death , any abnormal behavior or appearance was also recorded .
The transparent crustacean Daphnia ( often called a water flea ) are planktonic animals which occupy a critical position in aquatic ecosystems , as they transfer energy and organic matter from algae to higher consumers .
Tests using Daphnia have been widely used for decades to estimate acute toxicity .
Daphnia Illustration © by Chris Register
Do Not Copy or Reproduce Without Permission from Clean Virginia Waterways !
Click here to learn more about water fleas .
Data collected during the experiments were used to develop dose - response curves .
Data were also used to determine the experimentally derived toxicant concentration producing death to 50 % of the test population during continuous exposure over a specified period of time .
This is referred to as the " Lethal Concentrations 50 " values ( LC50 ) .
LC0 means no animals died , and LC100 means they all died .
Lethal Concentrations provide a quantifiable measure and precise expression of toxicity .
Each test included controls consisting of the same conditions , procedures , and daphnids from the same population .
The only difference being that none of the test chemical was added .
Prior to conducting the definitive experiments , three range - finding tests ( preliminary hazard assessments ) were conducted to establish parameters for the acute toxicity tests .
The range - finding tests established test solution concentrations and leaching periods .
The definitive tests had four components :
Experiment A - Used filters .
To establish if the chemicals in used cigarette filters produce death in Daphnia after exposure to a specific concentration for a specified period of time .
Remnant tobacco was removed from cigarette butts for this test .
Filters from two cigarette butts were soaked in 500 ml of distilled , deionized water for one hour at room temperature .
Twenty daphnids were exposed to each concentration level : 4 , 2 , 1 , 0.5 , 0.25 , 0.125 butts per liter .
Experiment B - Remnant tobacco .
To establish if the chemicals in the tobacco found in smoked , discarded cigarette butts produce death in Daphnia after exposure to a specific concentration for a specified period of time .
Remnant tobacco ( totaling 28 mm ) from two cigarette butts was soaked in 500 ml of water for one hour at room temperature .
Twenty daphnids were exposed to each concentration level : 4 , 2 , 1 , 0.5 , 0.25 , 0.125 butts per liter .
Experiment C - New , unused filters .
To establish if the chemicals in new , unused cigarette filters produce death in Daphnia after exposure to a specific concentration for a specified period of time .
No tobacco was used in Experiment C. Daphnia were exposed to the chemicals that were leached out of new , unused filters to determine if any of the compounds in new filters were toxic to Daphnia .
New filters were soaked in distilled , deionized water for one hour at room temperature .
Twenty daphnids were exposed to each concentration level : 16 , 8 , 4 , 2 , 1 , and 0.5 filters per liter .
Experiment D - Cigarette butts ' effects on the pH of freshwater .
To determine if the presence of cigarette butts in freshwater changes the pH of the water .
pH is an important factor to aquatic animals , and can affect the toxicity of pollutants .
For this experiment , one cigarette butt ( the filter plus 28 mm of remnant tobacco ) was soaked for one hour in 100 ml of spring water at room temperature .
The pH of the water was measured before and after the one - hour soak using a Hach brand pH tester that had been calibrated just prior to the test .
Results
Experiment A ( filter only ) .
In this " filter only " experiment , 100 % of the animals died after 48 hours in the concentrations that were equivalent to the chemicals found in two or more used cigarette filters per liter .
In the 25 % dilution , equivalent to one cigarette filter per liter of water , 20 % of the Daphnia died within 48 hours .
The LC50 was , therefore , between one and two used cigarette filters per liter .
In concentrations of one used filter per liter and greater , deposits of material were noted on the swimming hairs of some Daphnia .
Experiment B ( remnant tobacco only ) .
In this " tobacco only " experiment , 100 % of the animals died after 48 hours in the concentrations that were equivalent to the remnant tobacco from 0.5 or more cigarette butts per liter .
In the solution that represented the remnant tobacco from 0.25 cigarette butts per liter , 80 % of the animals were dead after 48 hours .
In the most dilute solution , representing 0.125 remnant tobacco cigarette butts per liter , 15 % of the Daphnia died in the testing period .
The LC50 was , therefore , between 0.25 and 0.125 remnant tobacco cigarette butts per liter .
Comparing Experiments A & B .
In both experiments , the swimming patterns of affected Daphnia resulted in a departure from the normal hop - sink swimming pattern .
Before dying , some affected individuals whirled in one place , while others lay on the bottom , ineffectually beating their swimming hairs , but unable to produce net movement .
In the high and mid-range concentrations ( 0.25 to 4 cigarette butts per liter ) of the tobacco - only group , Daphnia developed dark deposits or accumulations on their swimming hairs ( setae ) at 24 hours .
Some Daphnia with this dark substance on their swimming hairs floated without attempting to swim , and several frequently became stuck together in groups .
Deposits also formed on the animals in the filter - only group .
These deposits were lighter colored and occurred only in the test solutions that were two or more filters per liter .
As seen in Figure 1 , significant differences in acute toxicity among treatments were evident after 48 hours of exposure .
The survival rates of the water flea were poorest in the tobacco - only test solutions .
Acute toxicity at 48 hours was higher in the higher concentrations for both remnant tobacco and the cigarette filters .
This indicates that the tobacco has a greater toxicity than the filters .
For both tobacco and filters , the toxicity increased dramatically over a small interval .
Such a steep slope of the dose - mortality curve indicates that individuals within a species will behave very similarly to each other in their response to the chemical ( whereas a shallow slope of the curve indicates considerable variation in susceptibility to that particular chemical within a species ) .
Figure 1
Dose - mortality curve at 48 hours for the filter only and tobacco only doses .
Experiment C ( new filters ) .
The survival rates of the water fleas after 48 hours of emersion were poorest in the solutions with the higher concentrations of filters .
But even at the highest concentrations of 16 new cigarette filters per liter of water , death rates were less than 50 percent .
Findings in control animals .
At the conclusion of Experiments A , B and C , all water fleas in the control groups were alive , maintained a vigorous swimming pattern , and did not whirl or accumulate a dark substance on their swimming hairs .
Experiment D ( effects of cigarette butts on pH ) .
The pH of the tested water was 6.6 before cigarette butts were added , and remained 6.6 after cigarette butts soaked in the water for one hour .
The presence of cigarette butts did not change the pH of the water .
Results of experiments
Given that exact real - world exposure of water fleas to cigarette butts is unknown , the tests done in this study cannot attempt to imitate the actual exposure .
It is possible that the concentrations used in this study exaggerate the duration and dosage of exposure .
It is recognized that exaggerating exposure can result in distortion , but it is felt by the author that the results of the experiments reveal relevant patterns .
Experiments A and B show that the chemicals in cigarette butts are acutely toxic to water fleas at concentrations higher than 0.125 cigarette butts per liter of water .
This translates to one cigarette butt per 8 liters , or approximately one butt per two gallons of water .
In addition , the evidence was strong that the remnant tobacco in cigarette butts is a principal factor determining the mortality , although the compounds in used cigarette filters also have a lethal effect on the water flea .
The presence of the remnant tobacco from just one - half a cigarette butt per liter was enough to kill 100 % of the animals , while it took the filters from two cigarette butts per liter to have the same 100 % fatal outcome .
The dark deposits that formed on the swimming hairs and affected the swimming patterns of the water flea suggest that this should be studied to determine if these deposits constitute a physical , rather than toxic , effect from this source of pollution .
The results of Experiment C indicate that the components of new cigarette filters are toxic only at concentrations very much higher than used filters .
Even at a concentration of 16 new filters per liter ( the equivalent of 64 new filters per gallon ) , the chemicals that leached from the filters killed less than 50 % of the water flea .
While the components of new cigarette filters may contribute to the total toxicity of cigarette butts , the chemicals and compounds that are absorbed by the filters during the act of smoking are responsible for most of the deaths associated with cigarette butts ' filters .
The results of Experiment D show that the presence of cigarette butts in freshwater do not affect the pH of the water .
This indicates that the chemicals leached from cigarette butts do not kill water fleas simply due to a change in the pH of the water .
Conclusions
Cigarette butts are the most common type of litter on earth .
Collected , they weigh in the millions of pounds .
The toxic chemicals absorbed by cigarettes ' cellulose acetate filters and found in butts ' remnant tobacco , are quickly leached from the butts by water .
The evidence indicates that the toxic chemicals leached from discarded cigarette butts present a biohazard to the water flea at concentrations of more than 0.125 butts per liter , or about one butt per two gallons of water .
The leachate from the remnant tobacco portion of a cigarette butt is deadlier at smaller concentrations than are the chemicals that leach out of the filter portion of a butt .
Implications of research
The experiments summarized in this article are just the preliminary steps to fully understanding the impact cigarette litter has on our aquatic environment .
With cigarette butts identified as a biohazard , governmental agencies , environmental organizations , and anti-litter groups could educate smokers that littering cigarette butts causes harm to the environment .
Cigarette butts in the environment is a litter issue not a smoking issue .
Just as the manufacturers of sodas have no control over the consumer 's disposal of empty cans or bottles , cigarette manufacturers cannot control a smoker 's behavior when it comes to the disposal of cigarette butts .
Just as beverage manufacturers contribute to litter prevention campaigns , and have invested in public education on litter issues , so too should the tobacco industry .
Thus far , cigarette manufacturers have made small efforts at litter prevention education .
They need to take an active and responsible role in educating smokers about this issue and devote resources to the cleanup of cigarette litter .
Strategies can include anti-litter messages on all packaging and advertisements , distribution of small , free portable ashtrays , and placement and maintenance of outdoor ashtrays in areas where smokers gather .
Maybe cigarette packages can be redesigned to accommodate discarded butts .
In some states , consumers pay a small " anti-litter tax " every time they purchase a canned or bottled beverage .
These funds support anti-litter efforts .
A similar tax on cigarette purchases would go a long way toward funding campaigns aimed at eliminating the littering of butts .
Picking up littered cigarette butts costs schools , businesses , and park agencies money .
By taxing smokers for anti-litter educational efforts , some of the costs of cleaning up cigarette butts will shift onto smokers .
Smokers who now treat outdoor spaces as public ashtrays may reconsider their behavior when they learn that cigarette butts are made of plastic , not of cotton and paper ; and worse , that cigarette butts contain chemicals that can kill some of the animals that occupy critical positions in aquatic communities .
It is important that smokers ' littering behavior be modified to decrease this source of pollution .
About the Author :
Kathleen Register is the founder and executive director of Clean Virginia Waterways , and coordinates the International Coastal Cleanup in Virginia .
She is an adjunct faculty member in the Department of Natural Sciences at Longwood University in Farmville , Virginia .
Ms. Register has a master 's degree from George Mason University in Environmental Resources and Policy , and is co-author of the U.S. EPA 's Estuary Monitoring : A Methods Manual and Virginia 's Water Resources : A Tool for Teachers .
To contact the author , please send an e-mail to cleanva@longwood.edu or call 434-395-2602 .
Quoting this Article :
Permission is granted to reprint all or part of this article provided credit is given to the author and to " Underwater Naturalist , Bulletin of the American Littoral Society . "
The photographs and the drawing of a Daphnia may not be reprinted in any publication or used on any web site without written permission from the artist .
For more information , contact cleanva@longwood.edu .
Alan Frost , a managing director in Mr. Cassano ’s unit , negotiated scores of mortgage deals around Wall Street that included a complicated sequence of events for when an insurance payment on a distressed asset came due .
The terms , described by several A.I.G. trading partners , stated that A.I.G. would post payments under two or three circumstances : if mortgage bonds were downgraded , if they were deemed to have lost value , or if A.I.G. ’s own credit rating was downgraded .
If all of those things happened , A.I.G. would have to make even larger payments .
Mr. Frost referred questions to his lawyer , who declined to comment .
Traders loved Mr. Frost ’s deals because they would pay out quickly if anything went wrong .
Mr. Frost cut many of his deals with two Goldman traders , Jonathan Egol and Ram Sundaram , who had negative views of the housing market .
They had made A.I.G. a central part of some of their trading strategies .
Mr. Egol structured a group of deals — known as Abacus — so that Goldman could benefit from a housing collapse .
Many of them were actually packages of A.I.G. insurance written against mortgage bonds , indicating that Mr. Egol and Goldman believed that A.I.G. would have to make large payments if the housing market ran aground .
About $ 5.5 billion of Mr. Egol ’s deals still sat on A.I.G. ’s books when the insurer was bailed out .
“ Al probably did not know it , but he was working with the bears of Goldman , ” a former Goldman salesman , who requested anonymity so he would not jeopardize his business relationships , said of Mr. Frost .
“ He was signing A.I.G. up to insure trades made by people with really very negative views ” of the housing market .
Mr. Sundaram ’s trades represented another large part of Goldman ’s business with A.I.G.
According to five former Goldman employees , Mr. Sundaram used financing from other banks like Société Générale and Calyon to purchase less risky mortgage securities from competitors like Merrill Lynch and then insure the assets with A.I.G. — helping fatten the mortgage pipeline that would prove so harmful to Wall Street , investors and taxpayers .
In October 2008 , just after A.I.G. collapsed , Goldman made Mr. Sundaram a partner .
Through Société Générale , Goldman was also able to buy more insurance on mortgage securities from A.I.G. , according to a former A.I.G. executive with direct knowledge of the deals .
A spokesman for Société Générale declined to comment .
Get Aqualung From Amazon.com or from Amazon.co.uk
( For full coverage of U.S. healthcare reform , click [ ID : nN20512341 ]
* Gov’t insurance plan would raise costs , groups say
* Companies fear public plan enrollment to swell over time
* Business groups back exchanges or “ co-ops ”
By Susan Heavey
WASHINGTON , Oct 28 ( Reuters ) - Some of the nation ’s largest companies pushed back against U.S. Democrats ’ plans to deliver a government - run insurance option in a healthcare overhaul , decrying it as a step backward that would drive up costs for employers and their workers .
The Business Roundtable , comprised of chief executives at Verizon Communications VZ.N , JPMorgan JPM.N , General Electric GE.N , Wal - Mart WMT.N and other companies that together employ more than 12 million people , said the federal government is inefficient and would underpay providers .
That would result in providers boosting prices for private insurers and employers , the group said on Wednesday .
" A public plan would neither manage cost nor encourage innovation , " said Antonio Perez , chief executive of Eastman Kodak Co EK.N and head of the Business Roundtable 's health initiative .
" We believe it is the wrong direction for fixing our health care system . "
On Monday , Senate Majority leader Harry Reid said his bill would include a so - called “ public option ” as an alternative to those sold by private insurers .
Individual states could “ opt out ” against offering the plan .
President Barack Obama , who has made health reform his top priority this year , has said a government alternative will force private insurers to be more more competitive .
The U.S. House of Representatives ’ proposals also contain a public insurance option .
Although an earlier congressional analysis found that about 9 million to 10 million people , most uninsured , would opt for the public plan , the Business Roundtable fears that number will jump as people see their private plan premiums climb .
“ The costs for all of us in the system will continue to go up and again put pressure on employers to get out of the healthcare system , ” John Castellani , president of Business Roundtable , told reporters at a news conference .
Other business groups also oppose a public insurance option and are pushing for alternative cooperative exchanges .
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce launched television ads on national cable stations and in seven states on Wednesday to fight the government option .
‘ ORBITZ ’ FOR HEALTH PLANS ?
The United States is the only developed nation that pays for the bulk of its health care through private employers rather than the government , and studies have shown premiums for workers and their companies continue to rise each year .
Health insurers earlier said they would back some reforms as long as a bill included a strong requirement for people to buy health insurance policies , a move they said would spread risk among a wider pool of people and disperse costs .
Insurers also vowed to pass through additional taxes and costs onto purchasers .
While details from the final Senate and House bills have yet to emerge , so far the proposals differ somewhat on what penalties either individuals or companies would face for not buying or providing health insurance .
Companies want to offer employees health care to recruit and retain talented workers , said Bruce Josten , a vice president at the Chamber of Commerce .
The chamber backs an national exchange “ with an Orbitz - like website , ” Josten told Reuters , referring to a popular travel site that compares deals among various providers .
Even if companies were to drop their health care coverage , employers would likely face higher costs elsewhere in the form of higher taxes and other charges to help the government cover the costs , the Business Roundtable ’s Perez said .
The group stopped short of dropping its support for healthcare reform but said members would work to press their case to lawmakers .
( Reporting by Susan Heavey ; Editing by Tim Dobbyn )
Reid : Democrats will use reconciliation to finish health - care reform
Big , encouraging news on health - care reform today : Harry Reid says that Senate Democrats will use the reconciliation process to finish the bill within the next 60 days .
I 've noticed some confusion about what this means , so some quick context : Reid is not talking about rewriting the bill or passing the whole thing through reconciliation .
He 's talking about passing a small package of fixes through reconciliation so that the House and Senate bills come into alignment .
This is actually the sort of situation reconciliation was designed to address , as Brookings ' Henry Aaron explains here ( pdf ) .
Budget reconciliation is called " reconciliation " because it 's supposed to speed the , well , reconciliation of the differences between two budget bills .
That 's exactly what 's left to do with the health - care reform bills , which were indeed part of the 2010 budget and whose passage is expected in the 2011 budget .
Because this is what the process is actually meant to do , it does n't present the manifold problems of using reconciliation for the entire bill .
Things like the insurance market reforms have passed with 60 votes in the Senate and 220 in the House .
They 're done .
What 's left are some tweaks to the way the bill spends and raises money ( that is to say , tweaks to its budget implications ) that are needed to , yes , reconcile the two bills .
Reconciliation works for this because reconciliation was designed to do this .
Photo credit : Bloomberg
Sega may have you thinking Sonic 4 is on the way , but really , it 's already here .
It was released in 1996 .
For the Super Nintendo .
Advertisement
This is a game called " Sonic 4 " , a hack which took the existing Speedy Gonzales : Los Gatos Bandidos ( by Sunsoft ) and added some extras to it .
Like Sonic , Sonic 's rings , and little Marios in cages , which Sonic has to rescue .
It was available as an illegal bootleg in some of the world 's shadier marketplaces .
Advertisement
Sounds bonkers , I know , but the proof 's in the video .
The Original Sonic the Hedgehog 4 [ 1UP ]
As Google 's Nexus
One smartphone celebrates its one - month birthday , word comes that Mountain View has sold a mere 80,000 of the devices .
But if you believe Google 's mobility chief Andy Rubin , that number is just fine with him .
When Google 's self - described superphone was released , Rubin told GigaOM's Om Malik that he thought Google would sell , " at the very least , " 150,000 Nexus One phones - a statement that Malik mildly modified after the phone 's 20,000 - sale first week to " be happy to sell about 150,000 Nexus One devices . "
Rubin was talking about total Nexus One sales , not first - month sales , and so the Googlonian cup is now either half - empty or half - full .
That 80,000 estimate comes from a Dow Jones report citing data from the mobile - market analysts at Flurry , which contrasted the Nexus One sales with the iPhone 's 600,000 first month and the Motorola Droid 's 525,000 .
But those comparisons are off the mark .
Both Apple and Moto marketed the bejesus out of their phones - the Droid campaign , for example , was reported to be juiced by a cool $ 100 m .
Google , on the other hand , is satisfied with free media buzz and word of mouth to get the word out about the Nexus One .
Plus , the Google phone is sold solely over the web .
That said , the Googlephone 's first month has n't been without its sales - squashing bumps .
While Mountain View struggles to get its customer - service ducks in a row , for example , it has found itself beset by a chorus of customer complaints .
There have also been gripes about spotty 3G performance , and the bad press engendered by a US Federal Trade Commission probe into carrier T - Mobile and Google charging double - dip early termination fees .
In fact , that 80,000 figure may be high .
It 's based on phone usage , and many of the Nexus One phones out there belong to Google employees who received them in late December as a free gift from the company .
Google has about 20,000 employees .
All this merely underlines the fact that Google 's " superphone " is a test case , an experiment in selling phones online in a store that , as noted during the phone 's rollout event , will be joined by Verizon Wireless , Vodafone , Motorola , and - Google hopes - others .
" The Nexus One is simply the first of a series of examples where you can essentially purchase a phone online from one or multiple manufacturers and have it just work , " said Google CEO Eric Schmidt .
" We think that 's a natural evolution of a particular model . "
And those phones will run Android and they will feed Google 's ad - juiced business model .
As Andy Rubin noted during the Nexus One roll - out : " If you want the best possible Google experience , you 'll come to the store , grab the device , and [ the Google ] advertising model takes off . "
Jump - starting that " Google experience " through the sale of 150,000 Nexus
Ones is a smart business move - especially when you do n't spend $ 100 m on advertising . ®
Today is Day 8 of the 2010 Winter Olympics in Vancouver Canada , almost the halfway mark , and it's time to have a look at the activities in British Columbia .
Over 100 medals have been awarded so far , with the United States , Germany , Norway and Canada leading the medal race .
This year 's event has been nicknamed by some as the Glitch Games , with more than its share of problems , from a malfunctioning cauldron on opening night to weather problems and course troubles .
VANOC officials said they were working on the issues they could control , and were optimistic as athletes continued to deliver amazing performances in the many venues around Vancouver .
Collected here are some photos from Days 1 - 8 , with more to follow in another entry ( now posted : Part 2 ) . ( 45 photos total
By Zoe Kleinman
Technology reporter , BBC News
Boy Van Amstel created pleaserobme.com to make a point .
A website called PleaseRobMe claims to reveal the location of empty homes based on what people post online .
The Dutch developers told BBC News the site was designed to prove a point about the dangers of sharing precise location information on the internet .
The site scrutinises players of online game Foursquare , which is based on a person 's location in the real world .
PleaseRobMe extracts information from players who have chosen to post their whereabouts automatically onto Twitter .
" It started with me and a friend looking at our Twitter feeds and seeing more and more Foursquare posts , " said Boy Van Amstel , one of PleaseRobMe 's developers .
" People were checking in at their house , or their girlfriend 's or friend 's house , and sharing the address - I do n't think they were aware of how much they were sharing . "
Mr Van Amstel , Frank Groeneveld and Barry Borsboom realised that not only were people sharing detailed location information about themselves and their friends , they were also by default broadcasting when they were away from their own home .
Simple search
The website took just four hours to create .
" It 's basically a Twitter search - nothing new , " said Mr Van Amstel .
" Anyone who can do HTML and Javascript can do this .
You could almost laugh at how easy it is . "
He said that the site would remain live but stressed it was not created to encourage crime .
" The website is not a tool for burglary , " he said .
" The point we 're getting at is that not long ago it was questionable to share your full name on the internet .
We 've gone past that point by 1,000 miles . "
Mr Van Amstel added that in practice it would be " very difficult " to use the information on the website to carry out a burglary .
Charity Crimestoppers advises people to think carefully about the information they choose to share on the internet .
" We urge users of Twitter , Facebook or other social networks to stop and think before posting personal details online that could leave them vulnerable to crimes including burglary and identity theft , " said a spokesperson .
" Details posted online are available for the world to see ; you would n't hang a sign on your door saying you 're out , so why would you post it online ? "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Two students have been shot at the Deer Creek Middle School this afternoon and the suspected shooter – an adult male – is in custody , according to the Jefferson County Sheriff ’s department .
Mark Techmeyer , spokesman for the sheriff ’s department , said the two juveniles have been transported to a hospital where they are in stable condition .
He said both victims were outside the school .
The shooting was reported at 3:14 p.m. , according to Techmeyer .
The students were identified as Reagan Weber and Matt Thieu .
Both 8th graders were initially treated at Littleton Adventist Hospital , but Matt was transferred to Children ’s Hospital where he was listed in critical condition tonight .
Reagan was treated in the emergency room at Adventist , then released .
Techmeyer said earlier Tuesday that the children ’s wounds are not thought to be life - threatening although the 32 - year - old man , identified tonight as Bruco Strong Eagle Eastwood , was using a “ high - powered rifle . ”
Eastwood has prior arrests for menacing and domestic violence , according to computerized court records .
Jared Nelson , 13 , was on a bus when he saw the gunman round a corner on the north side of the school , pull a rifle off his shoulder , fire a round into the air and then shoot a student .
“ It was kind of shocking when I saw it happening , ” he said .
Several people said that math teacher David Benke then charged and tackled the gunman as he got off a second shot .
Sean Ahearn , 13 , saw the same scene unfold , dropped his cello , and jumped in a stranger ’s car .
Then he called his mother , Colleen , with chilling words : “ Do n’t come and get me .
Somebody ’s shooting in the school .
I ’m in a lady ’s car . ”
Luke Myrant , 14 , says an older guy came in the front door and fired one shot into the air and then reloaded .
“ He did n’t look happy at all , ” Luke said .
The kids scattered .
“ I was scared to death for my life , ” Luke said .
“ My body was shaking and my lip was quivering like I was cold . ”
“ I ’ve never been so scared in my life . ”
Teachers were telling kids to get down and not make any noise .
The kids were scattered and began texting one another .
Techmeyer said the gun used was a high - powered rifle .
Techmeyer said the man launched his attack as the kids were leaving school and boarding school buses .
Outside , monitoring the school bus boarding , were several staff , said the sheriff ’s spokesman .
He said that two staff members saw the shooter and simultaneously tackled him .
He said a third staff member rushed to their aid and all three were able to disarm the man .
“ There were some true heroes here today , ” said the Techmeyer .
By the time deputies arrived the man was being held by school staff and had been disarmed , he added .
Techmeyer said he did not know the relationship , if any , between the shooter and the two children .
Peyton Pritekel , 13 , said one of the victims , a girl was brought into the school after the shooting and was bleeding .
The girl told them that this guy walked up and asked if they went to Deer Creek .
They said yes and he fired twice .
“ He was just some random guy , ” Pritekel said , describing him as in his late teens or twenties .
“ God was looking down on us .
I mean amen . ”
Bruco Strongeagle
Eastwood heard voices and had bills he could n’t pay , his father said minutes after the shooting suspect ’s name was released by Jefferson County authorities this evening .
His son is a drifter “ who has always had problems , ” Bruco War Eagle Eastwood said .
“ He ’s been troubled , ” he said .
“ He has n’t had a job in five years and he ’s got all these bills he ca n’t pay .
“ He ’s tried to get help , but he does n’t have any money and ca n’t pay the cost . ”
When he worked , he did odd jobs , and sometime recently broke up with a girlfrield .
The elder Eastwood said his son lived in Littleton for a few years , but nowhere near the school , and he has no connections there .
“ I do n’t know why he did this , but he ’s always had problems .
I do n’t know why , though , ” his father said .
“ He ’s different , just different . ”
The rifle authorities said was used by Eastwood , a .30 - 06 rifle , belonged to his father , the elder Eastwood said .
Although Eastwood is believed to have acted alone , at 5:45 p.m. officers were still carefully checking the school “ to make sure we have this under control , ” said Techmeyer .
Deer Creek Middle School , 9201 W. Columbine Drive , is in the Jefferson County School District .
Students from the school were taken from Deer Creek Middle to nearby Stony Creek Elementary school .
Parents were asked to go to Stony Creek to pick up their children .
Both schools will be closed on Wednesday .
Counselors will be at Stony Creek Elementary at 7:30 a.m. to talk with any students who would like their services .
Techmeyer said that he “ expects a long , long investigation ” and that interviews with students and staff will be “ non- stop ” beginning today and lasting several weeks .
He said that as far as he knows Eastwood was armed with only the rifle .
He said the Jefferson County Sheriff ’s Department will attempt to trace the origins of the rifle but may ask for the assistance of the ATF .
Techmeyer said that authorities are hoping to let students and staff back into the school early this evening to collect their belongings .
Howard Pankratz : 303-954-1939 or hpankratz@denverpost.com
Recently I have been optimising the core algorithms in CHP .
Barrier synchronisations and channel communications in CHP use the same “ event ” algorithm that supports all of CHP ’s features , including choice between events and conjunctions of events .
Conjunction really makes the choice algorithms difficult .
Here ’s a quick example to illustrate .
Some terminology : each process wanting to synchronise is “ offering ” a set of offers — each offer - set is a choice ( disjunction ) of offers , only one of which should be completed .
Each offer is a conjunction of a several events ( if you ’re not using conjunction , this will be a single event ) .
Here is a test ( written in a testing EDSL ) from CHP :
testD " Links 3 " $ do [ a , b , c , d , e ] <- replicateM 5 $ evt 2 p <- offer [ b ] q <- offer [ b&c&d&e ] r <- offer [ c&a , d&a ] s <- offer [ e ] t <- offer [ a ] always $ ??
So each of a–e is a two - party event , and there five processes making offers ( each list is an offer - set , each list item is a different offer , each offer is a single event or conjunction of them ) .
What should be the result ?
The event b can complete if p’s single offer and q ’s single offer are taken , but for that to work , we ’ll also need to be able to complete c , d , and e , in that case .
If we look at process r , c can complete if a does ( so we ’ll need process t ) , but then d ca n’t complete as well , because only one of r’s offers may complete .
So the answer is that those offer - sets can’t complete yet , and all processes will have to wait .
We want to be able to figure that out quickly , especially in the most common - case where each process is offering just one offer , with just one event ( i.e. they want to perform a single channel communication ) , and the other common case where a process is offering two or three single - event offers .
So we want speed — but we also need correctness .
Having a bug in such a core algorithm would make CHP very unstable .
So far it seems that CHP has been correct in its algorithm , which is why I have been hesistant to optimise it before now .
Ideally I would like to prove the algorithm correct but , for now , tests will have to do .
I knew from a recent exchange with a user of the library that CHP was horribly slow when offering choices between appreciable numbers of offers .
Ten offers by one process was slow , and twenty would virtually halt the program , which was n’t right at all .
So I set up a simple set of micro- benchmarks ; a single channel communication , and others with one “ stressed ” process offering to communicate with 2 , 5 , or 10 other processes ( who were all eagerly waiting to communicate to the stressed process , and nothing else ) .
None of these things should be slow .
I developed my recently - released Progression library to help me see what difference the changes would make .
The Optimisation
The old algorithm would look through all the connected offer - sets available ( reading them from all the STM TVars ) and then see if it could find a completion .
I noticed that the offer - sets were being searched in an arbitrary order , rather than by the most likely to complete ; a judicious sort at the right point provided surprising speed - up :
On the one hand , I ’m pleased to have made such a gain so easily , and on the other I ’m embarrassed that such a gain was so readily achievable , and had n’t been done before .
But I was n’t done yet .
The algorithm was needlessly expensive , and this resulted from the way I had decomposed the problem .
I had one function that read in the value of all the offer - sets ( in the STM monad ) , one that trimmed these offer - sets to iteratively remove offers that could n’t complete ( a pure function ) , one that searched for remaining possible completions ( also pure ) and one that wrote the results to the appropriate places ( again , in the STM monad ) .
This approach previously seemed to break the problem down nicely ( and separated the effectful parts from the non-effectful parts ) , but it ’s horribly slow if you take a step back .
All offer - sets are read in , even if the first is ready to complete .
So you may touch far more TVars than you needed to , then spend time pruning the offers when the first was obviously ready to complete .
So I rewrote the algorithm ; I now have two ( mutually recursive ) functions in the STM monad that combine the reading in of offer - sets and the searching ( without explicit iterative pruning ) .
This yielded great benefits over the previous algorithm for larger choices ; here is the difference between the three versions so far on a logarithmic scale :
( As a side note : what horrific time - complexity must my previous algorithm have had to display this curve on a log - scale ? !)
To my surprise , the details of the algorithm became shorter after I rewrote it to be faster .
This was perhaps because I created a new monad to write my algorithm in ( a caching , backtracking search monad ) which pulled out some of the common logic .
With a few extra tweaks , I was able to reduce the speed even further .
Here is the final optimisation I settled on , compare to that initial rewrite ( back on a linear scale ) :
See how the performance is now roughly the same for each simpleChoice benchmark , no matter how many offers are being chosen between ( because typically in this benchmark , the first one is always ready ) .
I remain a little uneasy about releasing these changes .
I have tested the algorithm a lot , but it ’s still a rewrite of the core of CHP .
I ’ll release this soon as CHP 2.0.1 ( there is no change in the API , hence the minor version increment ) .
It should be generally faster , but please let me know if you have any odd behaviour that may indicate a bug .
( I also plan to do some more optimisation in the future , but this batch will do for now . )
Optimisation Techniques
I do n’t want to go into all the gory details of what I did to optimise the library , as that would involve explaining the full algorithm — which be a much longer post than I have time for .
The changes that brought the most gain were algorithmic .
Inserting the sort to change the search order made a big difference , and rewriting the algorithm to exit the search as soon as possible ( and touching as few TVars as possible ) made most of the remaining difference .
After that , I was making changes such as adding a little caching of certain calculations to make sure that events and offers were never unnecessarily processed twice ( by using a StateT monad on top of STM ) .
My monad is a backtracking monad ( well , sort of — I use an Applicative Alternative instance to explicitly denote searching of several possible paths , with something a lot like a MaybeT monad ) but the caching is preserved across the backtracking as you would hope .
Another change I made ( but may revisit ) was switching from using Map and Set from the standard libraries to using ordered lists for the same purpose .
In my common cases these maps and sets will be 1 - 3 items , which is why I was able to see some speed - up from a simpler structure .
I originally put these ordered lists in a newtype , but it turned out that removing the newtype wrapper also gained me some speed - up .
It has not escaped my notice that supporting conjunction in CHP ’s events algorithm is really an instance of the “ other ” CSP : a Constraint Satisfaction Problem .
But it does have some interesting performance characteristics ( e.g. reading from less events can help a lot ) and some useful aspects that I can optimise on ( e.g. if one process was offering event “ e ” anywhere in its offers , and you choose one without “ e ” , “ e ” can no longer complete ; this is not as obvious as it sounds ) , which is why I have my own algorithm for resolving the choices .
British broadcaster the BBC apologised and agreed to pay 25,000 pounds damages to commodities trader Trafigura over claims the firm 's actions had caused deaths , miscarriages and injuries in Ivory Coast .
A report by BBC program Newsnight focused on gasoline " slops " discharged from a Trafigura - chartered vessel in August 2006 , which were then illegally dumped by a company the global trader had hired to dispose of it , Trafigura said in a statement .
The BBC reported that Trafigura 's actions had led to a number of deaths and other serious injuries in Abidjan , the West African state 's main city .
" Trafigura has always maintained that the slops cannot have caused the deaths and serious injuries alleged by the BBC , " said Eric de Turckheim , director of Trafigura , one of the world 's leading oil and metals traders .
" We informed Newsnight of the detailed evidence before the program was aired - yet they chose to proceed with their highly damaging and false assertions , " he added in a statement .
The BBC initially attempted to justify the claims but had now accepted the allegations were wrong , the trader said .
It had agreed to pay damages , which would be donated to charity , and broadcast an apology .
In September , the company and lawyers representing about 30,000 Ivorians agreed a pre-trial settlement to end a class action suit which had accused it of causing illness by dumping toxic waste in 2006 .
Trafigura denied any wrongdoing and said the settlement , details of which were not disclosed in court , was not an admission of responsibility .
In a statement , the BBC said it had played " a leading role in bringing to the public 's attention the actions of Trafigura in the illegal dumping of 500 tons of hazardous waste in Abidjan " .
" In September , Trafigura agreed to pay victims of the waste around 30 million pounds in compensation for sickness suffered , " the statement said .
" However , the experts in that case were not able to establish a link between the waste and serious long term consequences including deaths .
" In light of this , the BBC acknowledges that the evidence does not establish that Trafigura 's waste caused deaths , miscarriages or serious or long term injuries . "
- Reuters
( This video is from 2005 )
Conservatives will once again try to pull a scam on the America people which is known as " The Luntz "
Frank Luntz has drafted the new GOP playbook to try and stop Financial reform and it's not going to be pretty .
Nine months after he penned a memo laying out the arguments for health care legislation 's destruction , Republican message guru Frank Luntz has put together a playbook to help derail financial regulatory reform .
In a 17 - page memo titled , " The Language of Financial Reform , " Luntz urged opponents of reform to frame the final product as filled with bank bailouts , lobbyist loopholes , and additional layers of complicated government bureaucracy .
" If there is one thing we can all agree on , it 's that the bad decisions and harmful policies by Washington bureaucrats that in many ways led to the economic crash must never be repeated , " Luntz wrote .
" This is your critical advantage .
Washington 's incompetence is the common ground on which you can build support . "
Luntz continued : " Ordinarily , calling for a new government program ' to protect consumers ' would be extraordinary popular .
But these are not ordinary times .
The American people are not just saying ' no . '
They are saying ' hell no ' to more government agencies , more bureaucrats , and more legislation crafted by special interests . " ... read on
Republicans are ahead of the game once again .
Chris Dodd is possibly backing off of the agency too .
Bloggers were screaming at the administration to take more of a populist approach in their dealing with the economy , but we were ignored and then FOX News created the Teabaggers and that was that .
Digby has more :
Marc Ambinder reports how the Democrats plan to fight back now :
In the wake of the Massachusetts Brown out -- or -- hastened by that event -- the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee wants their Senate candidate to emphasize two main points on the campaign trail : pin down Republican opposition to a tax on banks -- and pin down Republican support of the Citizens United decision , which would open the door to increased corporate influence in American elections .
73 percent of Americans say that Washington has n't done enough to regulate Wall Street , according to the new NBC News / Wall Street Journal poll .
This is one reason why Democrats plan to schedule a series of votes on campaign finance -- and to try to bait Republicans into voting yes .
This is one way for Democrats -- in power -- to run against powerful interests .
So the Republicans are going to run with a message that Washington caused the economic crisis by bailing out the banks and therefore Washington is too corrupt and inept to be entrusted with regulation .
The Democrats are going to counter with a tax on banks and campaign finance reform .
( And they 're both trying to out deficit hawk each other . )
Maybe it'll work , but the GOP narrative is quite elegant , while the Democrats do n't seem to have any kind of plot at all .
The Dems do n't have any decent public speakers either to go out in media - land and sell their messages while republicans have talk radio , sports radio and FOX News to do their bidding .
Good luck winning another battle that should be easy .
It 's very easy to bash and blame the government over and over again during an economic crisis because those mythical " independent voters " generally ' kick out the bums ' that are in charge at the time if their own lives are n't working .
That 's what 's happening now .
I have n't seen Axelrod be able to put together a cohesive strategy to implement any of the polices President Obama is behind and I do n't believe he 's figured out what to do next either .
You would think that regulating the Financial world and adding a Consumer Protection Agency would be a no brainer and Americans will be behind it completely , right ?
Even the CEO of BOA is for it .
Get ready for more psycho demonization .
I think it will finally put an end to the argument being made that teabaggers can be peeled off to join us in anything that will hurt conservatives .
And Digby finishes with this :
We all got a good chuckle Wednesday out of General Larry Platt and his Pants on the Ground song .
Entertaining as he was , I could n't help but wonder why the American Idol producers saved the last spot of the show for a 62 - year - old guy with a funny song .
Now I think I know .
Take a look at the photograph on the home page of the Civil Rights Veterans Movement website .
See the young man on the left , looking directly into the camera ?
That 's Larry Platt , age 16 .
" We had come by bus in 1963 to a church in Savannah , Georgia to plan a march to desegregate the city , " Platt writes .
" Reverend Hosea Williams and Dr. Martin Luther King , Jr. were our leaders .
That particular planned march was canceled and we were singing to raise our spirits before returning home . "
Platt worked with the Student Non-Violent Coordinating Committee and the Southern Christian Leadership Conference in Georgia , organizing sit-ins in the South .
He was beaten during the Bloody Sunday march from Selma , Ala. , to Montgomery .
He got his nickname , " General , " from the Rev. Hosea Williams because of his heroic efforts on behalf of the civil - rights movement .
The Georgia General Assembly proclaimed Sept. 4 , 2001 , Larry Platt Day in Atlanta , because of " his great energy and commitment to equality and the protection of the innocent and for his outstanding service to the Atlanta community and the citizens of Georgia . "
He remains a community activist in the Atlanta area and recently has become known for publicly protesting foreclosures .
If anybody in that Atlanta crowd deserved his 15 minutes of fame on national television , it was Larry Platt .
When he tells you to get your pants off the ground , you 'd best listen .
Tags
[ Libertarian Forum , 1970 ] A Radical 's Guide to Economic Reality • By Angus Black • Holt , Rinehart and Winston , Inc. , 1970 • 87 pages
Angus Black is a pseudonym , but the word is out that the book was written by a PhD candidate in economics at the University of Chicago .
The Chicago influence is strong .
In fact , in many ways , A Radical 's Guide to Economic Reality is a " hip " version of Milton Friedman 's Capitalism and Freedom .
Black is apparently trying to appeal to participants in the drug culture , and other such " dropouts . "
He seems to be making an honest effort to educate his audience to economic reality by speaking about subjects that they 're likely to have special interest in , and in terms that they will understand .
However , Black has adopted an exceedingly patronizing attitude toward his readers .
One doubts that any of the people to whom he is ostensibly appealing will either appreciate his style , or accept his arguments ( indeed , some of his readers may be impervious to any form of argument , but that is another matter ) .
A more fundamental weakness is the intellectual tradition within which the book is written .
The Chicago School is not generally characterized by any insight in the basic problems which beset the United States today .
Milton Friedman , titular head of the school , thinks Richard Nixon is a profoundly intelligent man who is leading this country back to laissez - faire .
The real meaning of the Vietnam War ( the war was not a mistake ) is lost on the Chicagoites .
Analyzing the American economy through the rosy glasses of a model of " perfect competition , " they are unable to see the brute reality of the military - industrial complex .
Moreover , their economic analysis is faulty in certain other respects , so that on key questions ( e.g. , inflation ) , they fail to come up with the fundamental objections to current policy .
A Radical 's Guide suffers from all of these deficiencies , and some of its own .
Still , the book is a beginning — an attempt to communicate free - market solutions to specific problems , to classes of people usually inimical to this approach .
Would that Black had written less flippantly , though .
Len Liggio has an article on anarchism in the July 14 Liberated Guardian , written in plain English , and devoid of a patronizing attitude , which is far more likely to bridge the gap with the Left .
The book is short .
A glimpse at the chapter titles gives an indication of what is in order for the reader : " Big Business or Screw the Customer and Full Speed Ahead " ; " Our Tax System — A Field Day for the Rich " ; and so on .
Black is particularly good on some points .
On the California grape boycott :
I want to help the grape pickers , so I eat grapes for breakfast , grapes for midmorning snack , grapes for dinner , and grapes for that midnight raid on the ice box .
In this way , besides the makers of Keopectate , I help grape pickers .
How ?
Simply by raising the value of grapes and therefore increasing the demand for grape pickers .
Besides taking up the grape boycott , Black examines the problem of unions in general , pointing out the necessarily discriminatory nature of unions .
But he pulls his punches on major issues , and often comes up with " compromise " solutions which perpetuate the very problem he concerns himself with .
In taking on the tax system , Black makes a telling point as to who really pays the taxes , and then lamely suggests a flat 20 % income tax ( plus a negative income tax for the poor ) .
No analysis is attempted of why the tax system is set up the way it is presently .
Surely Black does n't believe that the electorate , given fresh insight by a reading of Black 's book , could go off to Washington , and change the tax system .
This is to overlook the vested interests who are responsible for the system as it is now ; it is also to assume naively that power is wielded by the general populace in the country .
It is to fail to analyze the situation realistically .
More importantly , one must ask why there is no critique of the federal income tax per se ( à la Frank Chodorov 's classic essay , " Taxation Is Robbery " ) .
One would think that anyone with pretentions to being a libertarian would at least take up the issue of the morality of taxation .
Black does not .
Like most Chicagoites , Black is reasonably good in his critique of economic fallacies , but has a penchant for discovering " problem " areas where the market is alleged not to work .
Thus , to solve the problem of poverty , we need a negative income tax .
There is " underinvestment " in education , so we need educational vouchers .
No analysis of why the market sometimes " fails " is offered ( on the alleged problem of market failure , see Murray Rothbard 's new work , Power and Market ) .
Alas , one suspects that there may be a problem of class interest in all this .
The idea of educational subsidies is generally a favorite of Chicagoites — this despite their critiques of so many other subsidy ideas .
One feels that their position on this matter may be colored by a beneficial interest in the subject of education .
The last chapter is perhaps the most curious , as it is titled " A Plea for Anarchy . "
Certainly if one had bought Black 's basic critique ( even though it is not flawless ) , he might be on his way to a position of anarchy .
But , " No , " says Black , we can't have anarchy because
There would be open season on wops , wetbacks , kikes , niggers , hippies , redheads , and cripples if the constitution did n't exist …
Anarchy is not the answer .
We would therefore keep government , but reduce its power over our economic , moral and social lives .
For anarchy to work , according to Black , " all members of society must be fairly homogeneous . "
Now , the arguments in this book are , at times , deficient , but nowhere else are they as bad as the above .
The argument as stated by Black is an old canard .
Only , in fact , if the population were ( absolutely ) homogeneous could government be justified .
( Why one would be desired is a separate question . )
Only in a heterogeneous world ( such as we have ) is there a problem of individual liberty .
If we all thought alike , and desired exactly the same ends , then living under an absolute " dictatorship " would not involve an infringement on individual liberty ; ex hypothesi , the dictator would merely be telling us to do what we wanted to do .
In a heterogeneous world , on the other hand , people do not think alike .
Therefore , any authority that would coerce a man is a violation of individual liberty .
John Stuart Mill put it perceptively :
If all mankind minus one were of one opinion , and only one person were of contrary opinion , mankind would be no more justified in silencing that one person , than he , if he had the power , would be justified in silencing mankind .
( From On Liberty )
It took thinkers more perceptive than Mill to see that the existence of any government , however limited , is inconsistent with individual liberty .
In sum , A Radical 's Guide to Economic Reality is worthy of the attention of libertarians ; it could and should have been a better book .
SEP : 8 de cada 10 egresados , de 16 carreras , no trabajan
[ email protected ]
En los últimos dos años , el nivel de desempleo de los egresados de las universidades del país se incrementó por arriba de 2 % , mientras que el nivel salarial promedio que alcanzaron los licenciados en 2009 fue de 7 mil 500 pesos mensuales , a pesar de que los universitarios tenían ocho años de educación adicional a los que tiene el resto de la población en México .
La Secretaría de Educación Pública ( SEP ) identificó 16 “ carreras críticas con exceso de oferta de egresados ” , lo que hace que se produzcan empleos con salarios más bajos y sea más difícil obtener un puesto en esas áreas .
Son las carreras de Contaduría , Administración , Derecho , Ingeniería Eléctrica , Ingeniería en Computación e Informática , Arquitectura y Urbanismo , Comunicación y Ciencias Políticas , entre otras , las carreras saturadas en las que se registran más de 135 mil egresados por cada puesto de trabajo .
En promedio , 55 de cada 100 egresados de las instituciones de educación superior del país trabajan en un área diferente a la que estudiaron , y se subemplean en quehaceres como taxistas , choferes de microbuses , taquerías o el comercio ambulante .
En el caso de las “ carreras críticas ” , la SEP ha señalado que el nivel de desempleo en el área de especialización puede llegar a 8 por cada 10 egresados .
El documento La educación superior : situación actual y perspectivas , de la subsecretaría de Educación Superior que encabeza Rodolfo Tuirán , establece diversos grupos de empleabilidad entre los universitarios .
Uno de esos grupos es el que forman aquellos que eligieron carreras cuyas expectativas de salario son las más bajas de todas las profesiones , además de que el mercado laboral tiene escasez de opciones de contratación .
Son Enfermería , Turismo , Ecología , Nutrición , Historia y Diseño Gráfico las profesiones en las que los ingresos promedio mensuales se sitúan en rangos por debajo de los 2 mil pesos , equivalente al salario mínimo ( mil 600 pesos ) , hasta alcanzar un máximo de 7 mil 500 pesos al mes .
Especializados , pero en el olvido
En otro bloque se ubican aquellas carreras que por su alta especialización tienen una alta demanda , pero que no son apreciadas en el mercado laboral como para obtener ingresos altos .
Ahí se ubican Educación Física y Deporte , Teología y Religión , Artes Escénicas , Agronomía y Finanzas .
Quienes se especializaron en Ingeniería del Transporte Aeronáutico o Naval Piloto , durante 2009 obtuvieron la mejor remuneración promedio del país , al obtener casi 16 mil pesos mensuales .
Le siguieron los expertos en Ciencias Biomédicas , con 12 mil pesos , y los expertos en Economía , con ingresos por arriba de los 10 mil pesos .
A pesar de que el país se ha llenado de universitarios que se convirtieron en médicos , administradores , abogados , ingenieros civiles , eléctricos , actuarios e ingenieros mecánicos y textiles , son también las áreas para las que empresas públicas o privadas abrieron el mayor número de puestos de trabajo .
El alto número de egresados ( de entre 45 mil a más de 135 mil ) hizo que el nivel de salarios ofrecidos fueran de entre 7 mil 500 pesos y 10 mil pesos mensuales , lo que resulta insuficiente para algunos y optan por buscar otra opción de trabajo .
Los posgrados no ayudan
El estudio refiere que si además un licenciado o ingeniero decidió hacer estudios adicionales de posgrados — lo que implica entre dos y hasta cinco años más de estudio — , los ingreso que obtuvieron en promedio al emplearse no fueron mayores .
Obtener un doctorado sí hizo que las posibilidades de ser contratado crecieran hasta en 75 % , pero el salario promedio fue de 13 mil 250 pesos mensuales para ellos .
El ingreso promedio al mes de un técnico superior universitario , con dos años de estudio después del bachillerato , fue de 4 mil 967 pesos ; el de un licenciado , 7 mil 497 pesos ; el que obtuvo una maestría , 11 mil 208 pesos , y el de doctorado no llegó a 14 mil pesos .
En cuanto a prestaciones , el documento dice que tres de cada 10 técnicos superiores universitarios no recibieron ninguna , en tanto que 29 de cada 100 de quienes lograron un título de licenciatura no obtuvieron ningún tipo de apoyo de seguridad social durante su contratación .
Aun cuando se presenta un título de doctorado , dos de cada 10 no gozan de prestaciones .
VANCOUVER – With the opening of its third Olympics , Canada tried to prove to the world that it is about more than just maple leaves .
To be sure , there were maple leaves at the opening ceremony of the Vancouver Games , including paper ones falling from the ceiling and a giant one made out of torches .
But there was also an homage to Canada 's aboriginal peoples , a journey through the country 's landscapes from east to west and an extended paean to the new Canada by slam poet Shane Koyczan .
" We are more than genteel or civilized , we are an idea in the process of being realized , " recited Mr. Koyczan .
In an opening address , John Furlong , the chief executive of the Vancouver organizing committee , said that the show was a celebration of the " cultures , micro-cultures , languages and peoples that make Canada Canada . "
He added : " This journey has not been about the few but rather the many . "
Wall Street Makes Money Off Snow Bets
Why your snow day can mean big business for Wall Street traders .
Feb. 10 , 2010  --
Long before today 's snowstorm was but a twinkle in Mother Nature 's eye , players on Wall Street and in businesses affected by snowfall were planning their moves in a small but growing market : weather investments .
Jeff Hodgson , the president of Chicago Weather Brokerage , said he was getting calls from clients in December who were interested in making investments based on snowfall in January and February .
Those who bet on greater snowfalls , including some financial institutions and property management companies who contract for snow removal , are making money right now , he said .
Meanwhile , those who need snow to be successful -- like ski resorts and snow plow companies -- could be losing money in the weather market because of investments they made to protect themselves against low snowfall .
Still , they 're also seeing higher revenues because of the demand that more snow generates for their core businesses .
" Ultimately in the last couple of weeks with the snowstorms that have developed , everyone 's gotten what they wanted , " Hodgson said .
" It 's all about transfering risk and managing exposure and that 's what we 're doing in the weather market . "
Wall Street 's Weather Men
Thanks to interest in the weather market and , more broadly , weather - dependent investments such as commodities , Wall Street may be the go - to place for weather forecasting .
Just ask Corey Lefkof .
Lefkof is a Houston - based meteorologist at Deutsche Bank 's commodity trading business .
By 6 a.m. most mornings , Lefkof has reviewed the latest overnight weather models , drawing from reports by private forecasting companies , the U.S. government and his employer 's own satellite subscription service .
" It 's a much more stressful environment than anything I 've ever been involved with , " he said , " but it 's also taught me a lot about risk - reward management . "
He estimates that about a dozen or so of his fellow meteorologists do the same work at other big banks -- JPMorgan Chase is currently advertising on Internet job boards for a " supporting meteorologist " to assist its chief meteorologist -- while others work at hedge funds .
Still other financial firms and funds rely on private weather consulting services , and some have tried both : Goldman Sachs and Barclay 's Capital both hired their own meteorologists before turning to outside providers , industry sources say .
Lefkof and others will tell you that weather predictions are n't just useful for planning your vacation or your choice of jacket -- they drive the global economy .
Under the radar as they may be , Wall Street 's weather men are as crucial as any analysts because of the sheer size of the money being wielded -- in the trillions , by some estimates -- in weather - linked investments , especially commodities .
Why commodities ?
Because things like crop yields and energy demand can depend heavily on the weather .
Think of the recent cold snap that gave orange growers anxiety in Florida , the floods that soaked Iowa corn fields in 2008 or the record low temperatures driving up heating bills in Maine last month .
" If we know it 's going to be cold in large demand centers of the Northeast , Midatlantic , Ohio Valley , Midwest , " Lefkof explained , " a lot of our investors might speculate and buy natural gas futures . "
Hot and Cold Bets
As brokers like Hodgson will attest , commodities are n't the only way to make weather plays .
In 1999 , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange established weather products -- investing instruments based entirely on weather predictions , including temperature , hurricanes , snowfall and frost .
Such instruments , often known as weather derivatives , are about more than just making a bet on the rise or fall of the mercury .
Businesses ranging from utilities to snow mobile manufacturers can use weather investments to hedge against climate conditions that they know could cost them money , said Felix Carabello , director of Alternative Investment Products at the CME .
" Before these products were available , " he said , " the only thing you could do is hope for the best . "
Insiders say that when it comes to long - range weather predictions , watching the weather markets may be better than any Farmer 's Almanac .
" The weather market , to a large extent , called the cold winter we 've been having , " said Nick Ernst , the director of weather markets at the brokerage firm Evolution Markets Inc .
The recession has hurt investment in weather markets much as it's hurt everything else .
Trading in weather financial products has dropped by $ 30 billion since 2006 , according to the Weather Risk Management Association .
But industry experts expect the markets to rebound as more companies realize the benefits of using weather investments to manage their risks .
Influence From Enron ?
Wall Street 's demand for weather - related expertise has grown steadily over the last 10 years , said Matt Rogers , the founder and president of Commodity Weather Group , which offers weather consulting services to several Wall Street firms .
" It 's gone from being a luxury to being a requirement , " Rogers said .
Rogers believes that Enron , the energy trading firm whose spectacular implosion rocked Wall Street less than a decade ago , helped to introduce the financial sector to meteorology .
Enron had a dozen meteorologists on staff , he said .
Former Enron energy trader John Arnold went on to found the hedge fund Centaurus Energy , the $ 5 billion fund that includes its own staff meteorologist , according to published reports .
Six -Figure Salaries for Wall Street Weathermen
The growing demand from financial firms has helped boost metereologists ' career choices .
" When I went to school in the early 1990s , I had never heard of this , " he said of financial weather consulting .
" But that has changed . "
Mark Wysocki , the state climatologist for New York and a faculty member at Cornell University 's Department of Earth and Atmospheric Sciences , said that the university developed a business minor for its meteorology program some five years ago to accommodate the growing number of students headed into the private sector , including utility companies , insurance companies , consulting firms and , most recently , banks .
Wysocki and Rogers said that Wall Street meteorologists can earn six - figure salaries , more than they can expect to make working in government jobs or even as TV weathermen .
" Officially , the best way to make a living as a meteorologist is in a top TV market , such as New York , Chicago or L.A. , " Rogers said .
" Otherwise , it 's very hard to make money in television . "
Lefkof would n't talk about compensation .
But he did talk about the thrills of his job , like getting a call right when almost everyone else got it wrong .
Take last week , for example .
Earlier U.S. forecasts had called for the winter to turn mild at the start of February .
Lefkof disagreed .
" I 'm sticking out my neck out there , saying , ' No this pattern 's going to change to colder around the turn of the month , " he said .
" I was recognizing a pattern even though the models were not directly showing that . "
Going against the grain made for a very stressful week for Lefkof -- not that he 's not used to it .
" I guess you develop a tough skin and you just get a tolerance build up for stress , " he said .
Tough skin or not , Lefkof needed the cold to come before he could feel better .
Fortunately for him , it did .
" When I came in on Monday , all the forecasts were colder and natural gas was up 30 cents , " he said .
" All the stress was gone for me .
" That was a very good day . "
Deprecated . in favor of testing - feat
Agata ( Agata Generates Algebraic Types Automatically ) uses Tempalte Haskell to derive QuickCheck generators for Haskell data types .
Based on the master thesis work of Jonas Duregård .
When Martin Luther King , Jr. brought his nonviolent campaign against segregation to Bull Connor ’s Birmingham , he laid siege to the bastion of Jim Crow .
In Birmingham between 1957 and 1962 , black homes and churches had been subjected to a series of horrific bombings intended to terrorize the community .
In April 1963 King answered the call to bring his campaign to Birmingham .
When King landed in jail on Good Friday for violating an injunction prohibiting demonstrations , he took the opportunity to meditate on the counsel of prudence with which Birmingham ’s white ministers had greeted his campaign .
King ’s “ Letter from a Birmingham Jail ” was the result .
Reading the “ Letter ” nearly fifty years later is a humbling experience .
Perhaps most striking is King ’s seething anger over the indignities of segregation :
I guess it is easy for those who have never felt the stinging darts of segregation to say , “ Wait . ”
But when you have seen vicious mobs lynch your mothers and fathers at will and drown your sisters and brothers at whim ; when you have seen hate filled policemen curse , kick , brutalize and even kill your black brothers and sisters with impunity ; when you see the vast majority of your twenty million Negro brothers smothering in an airtight cage of poverty in the midst of an affluent society ; when you suddenly find your tongue twisted and your speech stammering as you seek to explain to your six - year - old daughter why she ca n’t go to the public amusement park that has just been advertised on television , and see tears welling up in her eyes when she is told that Funtown is closed to colored children , and see the depressing clouds of inferiority begin to form in her little mental sky , and see her begin to distort her little personality by unconsciously developing a bitterness toward white people ; when you have to concoct an answer for a five - year - old son asking in agonizing pathos : “ Daddy , why do white people treat colored people so mean ? ” ; when you take a cross-country drive and find it necessary to sleep night after night in the uncomfortable corners of your automobile because no motel will accept you ; when you are humiliated day in and day out by nagging signs reading “ white ” and “ colored ” ; when your first name becomes “ nigger , ” your middle name becomes “ boy ” ( however old you are ) and your last name becomes “ John , ” and your wife and mother are never given the respected title “ Mrs. ” ; when you are harried by day and haunted by night by the fact that you are a Negro , living constantly at tip - toe stance never quite knowing what to expect next , and plagued with inner fears and outer resentments ; when you are forever fighting a degenerating sense of “ nobodiness ” ; then you will understand why we find it difficult to wait .
There comes a time when the cup of endurance runs over , and men are no longer willing to be plunged into an abyss of despair .
I hope , sirs , you can understand our legitimate and unavoidable impatience .
In addition to King ’s witness , King ’s prophetic call permeates the “ Letter . ”
Why did King presume to come from Atlanta to Birmingham ?
King writes :
I am in Birmingham because injustice is here .
Just as the eighth century prophets left their little villages and carried their “ thus saith the Lord ” far beyond the boundaries of their home towns ; and just as the Apostle Paul left his little village of Tarsus and carried the gospel of Jesus Christ to practically every hamlet and city of the Graeco - Roman world , I too am compelled to carry the gospel of freedom beyond my particular home town .
Like Paul , I must constantly respond to the Macedonian call for aid .
King ’s prophetic call must have been both a source of strength and of concern .
His strength was manifest ; he rarely let his concern show .
Perfection is not a condition of the prophet ’s call , and King was both imperfect and aware of his imperfections .
His unbending strength is all the more remarkable .
It is difficult to comprehend that Martin Luther King , Jr. was only 39 years old at the time of his assassination in Memphis on April 4 , 1968 , or that the prospect of his death weighed so heavily on his mind .
He seems too young to have accomplished so much , or to have maintained his judgment under such trying circumstances .
The magnitude of his own trials must have had a deep impact on him .
In the speech he gave in Memphis the day before his assassination , he movingly recalled his first confrontation with death :
You know , several years ago , I was in New York City autographing the first book that I had written .
And while sitting there autographing books , a demented black woman came up .
The only question I heard from her was , “ Are you Martin Luther King ? ”
And I was looking down writing , and I said yes .
And the next minute I felt something beating on my chest .
Before I knew it I had been stabbed by this demented woman .
I was rushed to Harlem Hospital .
It was a dark Saturday afternoon .
And that blade had gone through , and the X - rays revealed that the tip of the blade was on the edge of my aorta , the main artery .
And once that ’s punctured , you drown in your own blood — that ’s the end of you .
It came out in the New York Times the next morning , that if I had sneezed , I would have died .
Well , about four days later , they allowed me , after the operation , after my chest had been opened , and the blade had been taken out , to move around in the wheel chair in the hospital .
They allowed me to read some of the mail that came in , and from all over the states , and the world , kind letters came in .
I read a few , but one of them I will never forget .
I had received one from the President and the Vice - President .
I ’ve forgotten what those telegrams said .
I ’d received a visit and a letter from the Governor of New York , but I ’ve forgotten what the letter said .
But there was another letter that came from a little girl , a young girl who was a student at the White Plains High School .
And I looked at that letter , and I ’ll never forget it .
It said simply , “ Dear Dr. King : I am a ninth - grade student at the White Plains High School . ”
She said , “ While it should not matter , I would like to mention that I am a white girl .
I read in the paper of your misfortune , and of your suffering .
And I read that if you had sneezed , you would have died .
And I ’m simply writing you to say that I ’m so happy that you did n’t sneeze . ”
Here he paused to look back on what he had achieved with the time he had been granted :
And I want to say tonight , I want to say that I am happy that I did n’t sneeze .
Because if I had sneezed , I would n’t have been around here in 1960 , when students all over the South started sitting - in at lunch counters .
And I knew that as they were sitting in , they were really standing up for the best in the American dream .
And taking the whole nation back to those great wells of democracy which were dug deep by the Founding Fathers in the Declaration of Independence and the Constitution .
If I had sneezed , I would n’t have been around in 1962 , when Negroes in Albany , Georgia , decided to straighten their backs up .
And whenever men and women straighten their backs up , they are going somewhere , because a man ca n’t ride your back unless it is bent .
If I had sneezed , I would n’t have been here in 1963 , when the black people of Birmingham , Alabama , aroused the conscience of this nation , and brought into being the Civil Rights Bill .
If I had sneezed , I would n’t have had a chance later that year , in August , to try to tell America about a dream that I had had .
If I had sneezed , I would n’t have been down in Selma , Alabama , been in Memphis to see the community rally around those brothers and sisters who are suffering .
I ’m so happy that I did n’t sneeze .
Looking beyond his accomplishments , he likened himself to Moses , the prophet par excellence , and testified to the source of the prophet ’s voice :
Well , I do n’t know what will happen now .
We ’ve got some difficult days ahead .
But it does n’t matter with me now .
Because I ’ve been to the mountaintop .
And I do n’t mind .
Like anybody , I would like to live a long life .
Longevity has its place .
But I ’m not concerned about that now .
I just want to do God ’s will .
And He ’s allowed me to go up to the mountain .
And I ’ve looked over .
And I ’ve seen the promised land .
I may not get there with you .
But I want you to know tonight , that we , as a people , will get to the promised land .
And I ’m happy , tonight .
I ’m not worried about anything .
I ’m not fearing any man .
Mine eyes have seen the glory of the coming of the Lord .
( First posted on Martin Luther King Day 2005 . )
Massimo Banzi —
Dear Friends of Arduino
On the first day of 2010 we look back at five amazing years where Arduino has gone from being an idea into our heads to become a widely used platform for hardware learning and experimentation .
We set out to build a platform that helps people get stuff done without having too much focus on the technology used to get it done .
We ’re pleased to see many people have managed to do just that .
We have faced a happy challenge as the platform has seen more widespread use .
We get more and more very qualified contributions and valuable suggestions from a many different sources .
It is difficult to satisfy everyone while avoiding the platform bloat that we sought to avoid in our original goals .
We believe we have been quite successful at keeping Arduino true to its roots , incorporating suggestions and contributions but still keeping it simple .
Arduino has reached a reasonable level of stability and reliability , and it ’s time to crystalise the work done so far and to graduate , as the title in Italian says , to 1.0
What does this mean for Arduino ?
We plan to stabilise the API and the current IDE so that for the foreseeable future the reference , the examples , the tutorials and the books you buy should stay consistent .
This will help people who are teaching , wiriting tutorials and books to stay up to date for longer .
We will obviously fix bugs and add new boards to the core as they appear and you should expect everything in 1.0 onward to work properly .
At the same time this allows us to open up other streams for developing “ experimental ” distributions that are more cutting edge that are more appealing to people with more experience that are willing to trade some stability with more performance and new features .
The schedule for 1.0 release will be as follows : we ’ll start a public discussion on the API for 1.0 which will last into February .
At that time , we ’ll summariseall the suggestions , and incorporate those that we consider coherent with the philosophy of simplicity and ease of use .
In march , during the NYU spring break , we ’ll meet up at ITP in New York to exchange notes and test our assumptions followed by a social event somewhere in town ( we ’ll have more details about this as we are organising it right now )
We should expect to be able to go “ Uno punto Zero ” by June .
We also recognise that our website has been in need of love for quite a while and we have started working on a new infrastructure where we ’ll better integrate its three main elements ( Main site , forum and playground ) both graphically and technically .
A new forum platform is in the works as we try to find a solution that will let us migrate all the immensely valuable content of the current forum without losing a single bit of it .
The main website will become , in the long run , a much more general resource for people learning about Physical Computing and Arduino .
There are some amazing tutorials on the playground and around the web , collecting and organising them will provide us with a great resource for learners and we hope to recognize those contributions by including more of them in the main site
Hardware - wise we ’re working on some new ideas on how to make Arduino even simpler to use and more affordable .
At the same time we ’re looking at how , applying the Arduino Philosophy , we can make some other areas of technology more approachable for everybody .
Today everyone of us is working on their new years resolutions , these are ours and we hope you ’ll be excited as we are to work on it .
Massimo on behalf of the Arduino team
Tony Abbott is trying to restrain Barnaby Joyce from blurting nonsense , but who will restrain Tony Abbott ?
The opposition leader has shown that he can't tell a kiwi from a kangaroo , a plus from a minus , wreckage from recovery .
In a fundamental error , he has told Australians that we would do well to follow New Zealand 's lead in managing our economy .
'' There are other countries which have chosen a different path , and there is no evidence that their response has been any less effective than ours , '' Abbott told ABC Radio National yesterday .
'' For instance , in New Zealand they have tried to reform their way through the global financial crisis under the new government 's leadership , and they seem to be doing pretty well .
What Mr Rudd chose to do was to spend his way out of the crisis . ''
It ’s been a bad year for homeopathy , and it ’s still February .
The 10^23 campaign has been making a proper mockery of the magical medicine that is homeopathy , capped off with their mass homeopathic “ overdose . ”
In Australia skeptics have been taking homeopathic websites to task for making unsupported health claims .
And in the UK there has been increasing pressure to question NHS support for homeopathy – most recently the House of Commons Science and Technology Committee concluded that homeopathy is nothing more than an elaborate placebo and the NHS should completely defund and remove any support for homeopathy .
This could be a death blow to homeopathy in the UK , and provide support for similar efforts elsewhere .
Last year was no better .
Most memorable was this comedy sketch by Mitchell and Webb , who nicely skewered homeopaths and other cranks .
When comedians are not ridiculing them , homeopaths were doing a fine job of lampooning themselves – the best is this video where Dr. Werner tries to explain how homeopathy works – pure comedy gold .
Of course the best real explanation for how homeopathy works is here .
Even before the House Committee presented its final report , the embarrassing moments were being immortalized on YouTube , for example the head of a major UK pharmaceutical chain admitting that they market homeopathic products with full knowledge that they do n’t work .
All of this has homeopaths a bit desperate , it would seem .
They now realize that skeptics and scientists are starting to get traction with their criticism .
This is good , because as I have argued before the more we get homeopaths and other pseudoscientists trying to defend themselves , the more they will do our work for us .
Thanks to commenter tl ; dr for pointing out this video by homeopath , John Benneth .
This is the best incoherent rant yet by a crank against skeptics .
If I did not already know Benneth from his other videos , where he puts forward rambling technobabble trying to make homeopathy seem scientific , I could easily have believed this was satire .
Benneth looks disheveled , distracted , and gets childishly sarcastic at one point .
But that aside , the content of his rant is priceless .
Benneth decides to take on skeptics directly , and by name .
He mentions Randi , Edzard Ernst , Simon Singh , Harriet Hall , Michael Shermer , and your humble servant ( thanks for including me in such excellent company ) .
He then proceeds straight to the logical fallacy aisle and fills his cart .
He does everything he can to smear our reputations – the video is mostly a giant ad hominem logical fallacy .
He says of us :
Whose purpose is to destroy legal medical practice .
They ’ve made an industry out of libeling others and they ’re getting sued for it .
He equates being sued for libel with lying , and mentions Singh and Randi specifically .
Yes – being a public critic opens oneself up for being sued for libel as an intimidation and silencing tactic .
In fact , this has gotten so out of control , especially in England , that the scientific community ( such as this editorial in the British Medical Journal ) have called for keeping libel laws out of science .
Let us have open debate in the public interest – and not abuse the courts to silence critics .
Benneth misses the fact ( or I suspect just does not care ) that Simon Singh ’s case is still ongoing , and that his criticism of the British Chiropractic Association was completely legitimate – in my opinion and that of many others .
Also , while Randi was sued ( for example , by Uri Geller ) he won those cases .
So Benneth seems to be following the strategy – sue someone for libel , then claim they are not legitimate because they were sued for libel – no matter what the status of the case .
The accusation of lying is equivalent to lying , for the individual and all of their associates – for reference , see “ witch hunt . ”
But it gets much worse .
Benneth says :
Their action ’s like a bunch of terrorists spreading lies and trying to discourage anyone who wants to get legal medical treatment .
I see your ad hominem and raise you a straw man .
Wow – the terrorist card .
Nice .
Of course , our criticism has nothing to do with discouraging people from getting legal medical treatment .
Rather , we are trying to educate the public about the scientific basis for treatments that are available , and also to lobby for rational and science - based regulation .
Benneth , it seems , is taking the “ restraint of trade ” tactic that worked for American chiropractors against the AMA .
In fact , he characterizes what we are doing as “ not legal , ” – he is accusing us of actually breaking the law by criticizing his nonsense .
He then returns for some more ad hominem , saying :
None of these people I ’ve named , Randi , Ernst , Novella , Singh , are medical practitioners .
Harriet Hall ’s not a medical practitioner .
Oh , she might have been a flight surgeon at one time , but she ’s not now .
They ’re always retired people , or they ’ve been disbarred or defrocked or something , you know they have had some problems in the past .
They ca n’t make it as real doctors or real scientists so they make their livings now by criticizing the works of real practitioners and real scientists , and then they try to run of their business is support .
That ’s called interference with trade .
It ’s a crime .
Edzard Ernst is a Professor of Complementary and Alternative Medicine .
He is widely published in the peer reviewed literature , including many reviews of homeopathy .
He has , by all accounts , a successful and internationally regarded academic career .
Harriet Hall is retired , after a full career as a primary care doctor .
She was never “ disbarred ” or “ defrocked ” ( probably because she was never a lawyer or a priest ) – she simply retired .
She decided to remain productive in her retirement , and so spends some of her golden years educating the public about science and medicine .
I work with many physicians who have decided to spend time defending the standard of science in medicine and educating our fellow professionals and the public about the relationship between science and the practice of medicine .
Most are either actively practicing doctors and nurses or retired professionals .
Some , like me , are academics .
We also work at times with scientists and educators in other disciplines – such cross-fertilization in science can be very fruitful .
We come together over a shared commitment to logic and reason .
Benneth , while ironically accusing us all of actual libel , has decided to slander us by making the demonstrably false accusation that we are all “ failed doctors and scientists . ”
And I wonder what “ problems ” he is referring to .
I suppose Benneth is used to just making up his facts to suit his needs .
After all – he is a homeopath .
Benneth apparently did not do his homework before switching on the video camera , and had to add this caveat in the middle of his video .
I have been informed that Stephen Novella [ sic ] , a notorious self proclaimed “ skeptic , ” homeopathy basher and professor of neurology at Yale , does indeed qualify as a practitioner .
However , I question whether or not he is really a practitioner of medicine , or is simply listed as such for political reasons ; why is he thrusting himself into the limelight to pass judgment and argue on another medical doctrine which he denies ?
His involvement in strange activities have little to do with his profession .
A good practicing physician would not take such an extensive , rancorous and defamatory political position against another modality that has support in the material sciences , debating the heads of departments from other universities , such as Professor Ruston Roy of Penn State , Professor William Tiller of Stanford and Professor Iris Bell , MD of the University of Arizona , calling their conclusions “ nonsense . ” so I question whether he can take on the heavy responsibility of being a competent practicing clinical neurologist while racing around the country to appear on TV shows , pursuing such comparatively frivolous and defamatory activities as organized “ skepticism , ” ( not Pyrrhic skepticism , which demands withholding judgment in lieu of man ’s inherent agnosticism . )
The man is bizarre .
President and co-founder of the New England Skeptical Society ( NESS ) , he hosts their podcast , “ The Skeptics ’ guide to the Universe , ” writes a monthly column called “ Weird Science ” for the New Haven Advocate , writes a blog and contributes to others .
He has also appeared on several television programs , including an [ sic ] crude cable TV program hosted by abusive magicians .
So where he gets time to be a good practicing neurologist is questionable .
Cranks really do not like to be criticized , especially by an academic with some credentials .
It really irritates them .
Recently on this very blog , naturopath Christopher Maloney , responding to criticism of the lack of science behind his claims and practices , took a similar approach in the comments to this blog .
He went as far as to accuse me of neglect for spending my time in skeptical activities .
Maloney and Benneth appear to be blissfully unaware of the academic lifestyle .
I have many colleagues who spend more of their non-clinical time than I doing things like maintaining websites , writing textbooks , doing research , or engaging in other academic activities .
It ’s pretty much expected .
I do teaching , writing , and some research as well .
But I have decided to spend much of my spare time pursuing public science education and advocating for high standards of science in medicine .
All of this is in addition to a full time clinical schedule .
Such are the realities of an academic medical career .
Benneth and Maloney are only interested in making a cheap ( and naive ) ad homimen attack – which basically amounts to saying “ shut up . ”
They cannot deal with the substance of the scientific criticism aimed against them and their beliefs , so they try to make it seem like the entire endeavor of criticizing pseudoscience in medicine is not legitimate .
It ’s all quite childish .
I also like how Benneth says that my “ involvement in strange activities have little to do with his profession . ”
“ That , ” as Yoda once said , “ is why you fail . ”
Skepticism is essential to being a good clinician .
A clinician must understand how to read and apply the scientific literature , and how to be wary of the mental pitfalls that tend to lead us astray .
Being a good clinician is partly being a good investigator , a Sherlock Holmes of medicine – which has everything to do with skeptical philosophy .
Benneth rejects skepticism and practices homeopathy – it is easy to see how these two things are related .
Sprinkled throughout the video is also Benneth ’s claim , implied or direct , that homeopathy works .
He makes the astonishing claim :
Nobody would practice homeopathy unless there was clear evidence , clear evidence that it worked .
This is naive in the extreme , and by extension would mean that every medical practice must work , or else why would people use it .
I guess this means that the bloodletting that was practiced in the West for two thousand years must have also worked .
Throughout the video he also presents text from published studies which presume to show that homeopathy works .
But as usual he is cherry picking and misrepresenting the evidence .
A thorough review of the homeopathic literature shows a clear pattern of no effect greater than placebo .
In a systematic review of systematic reviews , Edzard Ernst concluded :
In particular , there was no condition which responds convincingly better to homeopathic treatment than to placebo or other control interventions .
Similarly , there was no homeopathic remedy that was demonstrated to yield clinical effects that are convincingly different from placebo .
It is concluded that the best clinical evidence for homeopathy available to date does not warrant positive recommendations for its use in clinical practice .
But of course , Benneth thinks Ernst is not an authority , even though he has more than 70 peer reviewed published articles on homeopathy .
After reviewing the evidence and testimony on both sides , the Science and Technology Committee also agreed that there is no plausibility to homeopathy and the clinical evidence shows it is no better than placebo .
This accords with my own reading of the literature .
And let us not forget that there is , for all practical purposes , zero plausibility to homeopathy .
You do n’t have to be a clinician to understand this – homeopathy violates basic principles of physics , chemistry , and thermodynamics .
Homeopathic preparations are often diluted beyond the point where there is any active ingredient left , and this fact cannot be rescued by any hand - waving arguments about nanobubbles and radio waves .
Conclusion
The cat is clearly out of the bag .
Homeopathy is a 200 year old pre-scientific system of pure pseudoscience .
Modern attempts to explain how it might work have failed , and the clinical evidence shows ( no surprise ) that it does not work .
The public has been largely unaware of these facts , thinking that “ homeopathic ” was equivalent to “ natural ” and that they were getting herbs or some plant - based treatment .
Like any cult , information is the enemy of homeopathy .
The more the public , and regulators , understand about homeopathy the more ridiculous it seems .
Homeopaths are now in the desperate situation of shouting “ ignore that man behind the curtain . ”
They have decided to attack the messengers – skeptics .
But in so doing they are just making the situation worse for themselves , as their attempts to explain homeopathy and discredit their critics are indistinguishable from drunken rants .
Example 1 , the usual way .
This example uses the createElement and appendChild methods to create a selection list with 2000 options var select = document .
createElement ( " select " ) ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < 2000 ; i ++ ) { var option = document .
createElement ( " option " ) ; option .
text = i ; select .
appendChild ( option ) ; } container .
appendChild ( select ) ;
Speed test : Browser Time IE 6 1802 ms IE 7 1953 ms IE 8 594 ms Firefox 90 ms Opera 31 ms Safari 5 ms Remarks :
The example does not work properly in Internet Explorer , it creates a selection list with 2000 empty options
Example 2
This example uses the createElement and add methods to create a selection list with 2000 options var select = document .
createElement ( " select " ) ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < 2000 ; i ++ ) { var option = document .
createElement ( " option " ) ; option .
text = i ; select .
options . add ( option ) ; } container .
appendChild ( select ) ;
Speed test : Browser Time IE 6 2703 ms IE 7 3000 ms IE 8 984 ms Firefox 366 ms Opera 234 ms Safari 68 ms
Example 3
This example uses the innerHTML property to create a selection list with 2000 options var select = " < select > " ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < 2000 ; i ++ ) { select += " < option > " + i + " < /option > " ; } select += " </ select > " ; container .
innerHTML += select ; Speed test : Browser Time IE 6 70 ms IE 7 78 ms IE 8 15 ms Firefox 59 ms Opera 16 ms Safari 17 ms
Sometimes a selection list needs to be filled dynamically depending on the state of another control ( e.g. when the user selects a country and a selection list must contain the cities in this country , or when the user selects a singer and a selection list must contain his / her songs ) .
Unfortunately , the usual way of creating a selection list with a large number of items is quite slow in Internet Explorer .
In the followings , you can find solutions and speed tests for the problem ( the speed test was run on an average computer ) .
The solution implemented by Example 3 works much more faster than the previous ones in Internet Explorer and it is also fast in other browsers .
Unfortunately , the processing time grows drastically for greater number of options in Internet Explorer .
This behavior is independent of the select and option elements , it is based on the speed of string concatenations .
But how can strings be concatenated faster ?
The following examples answer that question .
Example 4
This example same as the previous one , but it creates a selection list with 8000 options var select = " < select > " ; for ( var i = 0 ; i < 8000 ; i ++ ) { select += " < option > " + i + " < /option > " ; } select += " </ select > " ; container .
innerHTML += select ; Speed test : Browser Time IE 6 961 ms IE 7 1781 ms IE 8 47 ms Firefox 242 ms Opera 47 ms Safari 67 ms
Example 5
AWKWARD , CONFUSING : Premier ’s trainwreck response to hotel debacle LIVE Premier Daniel Andrews has floundered during an interrogation over the latest hotel quarantine scare – and he failed to answer one key question .
Follow our live coverage .
The far - right ' hate ’ group backing Trump Donald Trump has been labelled a “ national embarrassment ” by rival Joe Biden after failing to condemn this far - right group .
‘ I ’m innocent ’ : Cop facing teen sex charges
One of two NSW Police officers accused of the attempted aggravated sexual assault of a schoolgirl has proclaimed his innocence outside court .
Girl , 12 , dies from head lice infestation A girl ’s case of head lice was so horrific , it ’s believed to have caused her death .
Now her parents have been charged with her murder .
WARNING : Graphic content .
Uproar over model ’s see - through bra A model who has posed for numerous racy lingerie brands has hit back at Instagram followers after she shared her latest revealing outfit .
Australia
Post reveals huge hiring blitz
In good news for the huge number of Aussies struggling to find work ahead of Christmas , 4000 new jobs have been added to the market .
‘ Wow ’ : Bec Judd ’s incredible bikini photo
The AFL Wag rarely posts bikini photos online but whenever she does it often leaves her nearly one million Instagram followers asking one question .
Top bogan baby names for 2020 revealed
We ’re used to covering the most popular and unpopular baby names , but what about bogan baby names ?
The list is out and it does n’t disappoint .
‘ I did n’t realise ’ : Host ’s admission Chris Wallace has been panned by both sides for his handling of yesterday ’s debate .
The veteran journalist has responded to the criticism .
Hostie ’s desperate act after losing job Alexandra Dobre crisscrossed Europe as a flight attendant , sharing her exotic lifestyle on social media before the pandemic .
Now she faces prison .
Greetings .
My name is Orb Robinson from Tampa , Fla .
I have in my possession a rare and multi- karat moon rock I ’m trying to find a buyer for .
The laws surrounding this type of exchange are known , so I will be straightforward and nonchalant about wanting to find a private buyer .
If you , or someone you know would be interested in such an exchange , please let me know .
Thank you .
*
Advertisement
On a balmy night in July 2002 , a Jeep Cherokee drove up to an entrance at the Johnson Space Center in Houston .
The guard took a casual look at the car as he questioned the driver .
“ You get a new car ? ”
“ No , sir , borrowed it to help a friend move . ”
With a nod and a smile , the guard waved through the young man and his two female companions .
Although access to NASA was restricted after 9/11 , that did n’t apply to the industrious college students working at the center .
NASA picks only the best and the brightest , with an eye on promoting top candidates to full - time employment or even the astronaut training program .
Advertisement
Thad Roberts , then 25 , was in the Cooperative Education Program , working in the Neutral Buoyancy Laboratory as a support diver -- helping space - suited astronauts practice their tasks in a 40 - foot - deep pool .
Tiffany Fowler , 22 and romantically involved with Roberts , was an intern in NASA ’s tissue culture laboratory .
Shae Saur , 19 , was another high - achieving intern , part of a student team that created a zero- gravity pollination experiment for NASA .
They drove through Rocket Park , past the rusting , 363 - foot - long Saturn V moon rocket displayed on its side like a fallen colossus .
Their Jeep rolled up to one of the nondescript buildings on the campus and parked near the entrance .
They watched for passing cars or prying eyes , but Roberts was confident that they were in the clear ; he ’d done surveillance to time the guards ’ shift change .
Roberts and Fowler used their security card keys to open the door .
They strode down the familiar hall while Saur remained on the lookout in the Jeep .
One of Roberts ’ mentors at NASA was the prominent astrobiologist Everett Gibson .
Now the young man was trying to break into the scientist ’s laboratory , but a Cypher Lock , which requires a code to open , blocked the entry .
It was no match for these gifted science students .
They eventually guessed the right code and opened the lock .
They doubled back to the Jeep , threw up the lift gate and pulled down the dolly they had just bought at Wal - Mart .
Advertisement
For a safe that looked like a file cabinet , it was unexpectedly heavy .
Roberts bruised his arm trying to wrestle the 600 - pound box onto the dolly .
They rolled it out to the Jeep , locking the door behind them .
The Jeep was sagging , but they drove it out of NASA without being searched .
They checked into a nearby motel , where they found they could n’t open the safe without the right codes .
But the young problem - solvers had brought a power saw .
It took hours to cut the safe open , yet no one knocked on their door to complain about the racket .
Whether it was for love or money , or just the thrill of it all , Roberts ’ audacious scheme was sheer lunacy -- and it worked .
The safe yielded a uniquely American treasure : 101 grams of lunar samples collected on the six Apollo moon landings , with the curatorial forms that confirmed their authenticity .
The safe also contained a Martian meteorite that hinted at life on the red planet .
They had hit the jackpot .
But with moon rocks on their minds , and dollar signs in their eyes , they did n’t see the obvious craters on the landscape .
Advertisement
*
Priceless Moon Rocks Now Available !!!
“ Orb Robinson ” orb_robinson@hotmail.com
If you have an interest in purchasing a rare and historically significant piece of the moon , and would like more information , then please contact me by e-mail and leave your contact information and an explanation of your interest .
Advertisement
Sincerely ,
Orb
*
The stars had always beckoned to Thad Ryan Roberts .
But when he arrived at the University of Utah in the fall of 1995 , he says , the observation dome at the top of the South Physics building had n’t been used in seven years .
Advertisement
“ Because I was excited , the supervisor showed me an old telescope , ” Roberts says .
“ I tore apart the motor drive and cleaned it up .
We could look at the moon .
I fell in love with it . ”
Roberts , just under 6 feet , appears taller because of his alert outdoorsman ’s posture .
The charisma that comes with confidence verging on cockiness makes it evident why he got the attention of his professors .
“ I always thought him to be extremely hard - working , ” says Lynn Higgs , the undergraduate advisor in the physics department .
Higgs was so impressed that he sponsored Roberts to run the observatory and later told him about the NASA co-op program .
“ His goal was to be the first astronaut on Mars , ” Higgs says .
“ He had the most potential . ”
But the odds were against Roberts getting a coveted co-op slot .
Only about 6 % of applicants are accepted , from schools such as Texas A&M ; and the University of Texas , and many are engineering majors , which Roberts was n’t .
Also , Roberts was considerably older than most college sophomores -- and married .
Advertisement
With interests in physics , geology and anthropology , and years of fossil - hunting experience , Roberts had the makings of a planetary geologist .
But what really sold NASA on Roberts was his enthusiasm -- running the university observatory , volunteering at the Utah Museum of Natural History in Salt Lake City and raising $ 9,800 for cystic fibrosis research through a Salt Lake - to - San Francisco bike ride with his wife , Kaydee .
“ The folks we pick are overachievers with indicators for success on their resume , ” says Bob Musgrove , the manager of cooperative education at the Johnson Space Center .
“ They ’re well - rounded rather than ‘ nerds . ’ ”
After what Roberts remembers as “ a hundred phone calls and e-mails , ” he was accepted to the program in the fall of 2000 .
When he was back at school , he gravitated toward the observatory .
“ I ’d go up there to do my problem sets , ” Roberts recalls , his green eyes looking far away .
One night in 2001 , just before the fall semester began , a tall , long - haired student wandered up to the observatory .
There , Gordon McWhorter , then 25 , met Roberts , and they talked about their futures through the night .
“ Like 14 - year - old boys , ” Roberts says .
Advertisement
If Roberts was an achiever , some would say McWhorter was a loser , although his fiercely protective mother would disagree .
“ He looks like ‘ Joe Millionaire , ’ but he ’s better looking and sincere , ” Riki Thoreson insists .
McWhorter had lost a lot , including his sister , Kelen , in a car crash , and later his family .
“ I complicated my life by becoming eccentrically involved in [ the Mormon Church ] , to the point where I isolated my wife and child , ” he says .
“ Y2 K was coming , and I was getting ready with all this food storage .
The church did n’t care for my ideas .
They did their best to make my wife scared of me . ”
McWhorter made his way to Georgia to see his long - estranged father and ask for money .
When his father refused , McWhorter took some of his father ’s belongings to a pawnshop , where he was promptly arrested .
Released after pleading guilty to misdemeanor burglary , his mother told him , “ Come home , go to school and stay out of trouble . ”
Advertisement
“ Thad was the first friend I made [ at school ] , ” McWhorter says .
“ I would go to Thad and Kaydee ’s house , play Nintendo and check out his collection of minerals .
We ’d go out and eat buffalo wings and play pool , and drink as much beer as we could . ”
Around Halloween 2001 , Roberts and McWhorter were at the Utah Museum of Natural History .
“ We ’re down in the basement where the artifacts are cataloged , ” McWhorter says .
“ I had donated an Angel Wing calcite crystal in my sister ’s name .
We were talking about the value of it and Thad says , ‘ What do you think about moon rocks ? ’ ”
“ ‘ Sounds pretty cool .
Moon rocks are moon rocks . ’ ”
Advertisement
McWhorter says Roberts then asked if he thought he could find a buyer .
“ He ’d come up to me a few times after that .
‘ Have you done anything ? ’
I did n’t because I was busy , ” McWhorter says .
Finally he got curious and went to a website for mineral collectors .
“ I made a form letter : ‘ Anyone interested in a private bid on a moon rock , please e-mail me back . ’ ”
McWhorter sent the e-mails from the University of Utah library , using a fictitious address .
Later , he forwarded the replies to Roberts and they created an e-mail address for Orb Robinson , a play on one of their favorite singers , Roy Orbison .
On May 7 , 2002 , Axel Emmermann , a Belgian amateur mineralogist , received the e-mail from “ Orb Robinson . ”
He replied that he might be interested in the offer if the price was right , and only if the samples could be authenticated properly .
Advertisement
It was no surprise that a potential buyer quickly surfaced .
There ’s a kind of fever that comes over some people about moon rocks .
Michael Orenstein of Aurora Galleries International in Bell Canyon , Calif. , which specializes in space memorabilia , describes them as “ an ultimate collectible . ”
The only problem :
It ’s illegal for anyone but the federal government to possess them .
“ Orb ” responded to Emmermann , promising authentication and asking the prospective buyer what he considered a good price .
Emmermann wrote back , proposing $ 800 a gram for rocks under 10 grams and $ 600 a gram for larger specimens .
“ I can do better for you than that , ” “ Orb ” wrote back the next day , offering prices starting at $ 500 a gram for half a kilogram , tapering down to $ 300 a gram for a kilo - sized moon rock .
“ If you are seriously interested we should meet and confirm this . ”
Advertisement
There was no response for days .
“ Orb ” wrote repeatedly : “ Acquiring this specimen is a sensitive matter for me , as you can imagine , and that is why I have the minimum mass requirement . ”
Emmermann wrote the increasingly anxious “ Orb ” that he would not be able to come to the U.S. until September , but that his brother , Kurt , and sister - in - law , Lynn , also a mineral collector , could verify the rocks ’ authenticity and complete the deal .
Emmermann told “ Orb ” that he had wired $ 100,000 to Lynn .
A meeting was set up for July in Orlando , Fla. , not far from “ Orb ’s ” purported hometown of Tampa .
Clear Lake , Texas , has its tacky touches , including a NASA Liquor near Challenger Plaza .
But the waterside community , where houses sell for $ 200,000 to $ 2 million , is considered one of Houston ’s finest suburbs .
Advertisement
It ’s also a playground for the young NASA interns and “ co-ops ” who cram into dormitory - style apartments .
They can find live music and $ 2 margaritas at Las Haciendas on NASA Road , or party at Rock Neutney ’s - - a popular bar - - and maybe hook up with an astronaut .
By his third tour at NASA , Roberts was widely known in the co-op community .
“ I was organizing the adventures , like rock climbing and waterfalls , ” he says .
But by the spring of 2002 , Roberts says things were n’t so good with his wife : “ I was trying to find a way to move on . ”
One night , a group of interns took the ferry to Galveston Island .
As the waters of the Gulf of Mexico lapped against the boat , a pretty blond caught Roberts ’ eye .
Tiffany Brooke Fowler , from Odessa , Texas , was a recent biology graduate of Texas Lutheran University .
The interns built a bonfire on the beach and Fowler and Roberts got to know each other .
“ When I met Tiffany , we talked for 14 hours straight , ” he says .
“ She was blond , blue - eyed , very tone .
She was way out of my league . ”
Roberts made a strong impression on Fowler , too .
“ Very intelligent , ” she would later describe him .
“ Pretty much good at everything . ”
Advertisement
After they hooked up at the beach , it was n’t long before Roberts moved into Fowler ’s apartment .
As they played house , he wondered how he could be a provider for her .
“ I was in love with Tiffany , ” he says .
“ In my mind , I was thinking , Baby , I ’d give you the moon .
It would be a romantic start to our relationship . ”
Roberts had long since taken over the e-mail negotiations from McWhorter , and he was excited that a buyer was on the hook .
Days before the theft , he asked Fowler to help .
At about the same time , Roberts had lunch with Shae Saur , a friend from a previous stint at NASA .
She sensed his excitement and demanded to know what was going on .
In true geek style , Roberts said he would tell her only if she could solve a word puzzle .
She did , and signed on to the caper .
Advertisement
On that fateful night , after they cut apart the safe , Roberts , Fowler and Saur cataloged the contents and put the remains of the safe in a dumpster .
Later , they packed the lunar samples , the Martian meteorite and supporting documentation into a fishing tackle box and stashed it all in Saur ’s storage unit in the nearby town of Beaumont .
Gibson later claimed that six irreplaceable notebooks documenting 33 years of research were also stolen , which Roberts denies .
“ We saw ourselves as good criminals , ” he says .
“ We did n’t see anyone getting hurt .
These rocks had already been irradiated and were labeled trash , used , consumed .
We were n’t hurting science .
We wore gloves the whole time .
We took the extra effort . ”
The theft was n’t discovered for two days .
“ They were looking for someone in their early 40s ; they were n’t on to us , ” Roberts says .
Advertisement
Roberts e-mailed McWhorter and they arranged to meet in Orlando .
Saur stayed in Houston .
Barely able to contain their excitement , Roberts and Fowler loaded the tackle box into her car on July 19 .
They left Houston at 5 p.m. and drove through the night to Orlando .
On July 20 , 2002 , 33 years after Neil Armstrong ’s walk on the moon , Roberts and Fowler were ready to sell some moon rocks .
At the Orlando Sheraton , they pulled out the tackle box to show McWhorter .
“ He acted surprised ; he was out of it , ” Roberts says .
“ I was smoking some good weed , ” McWhorter says .
When he saw the NASA logos , he sobered up enough to ask , “ Do you guys realize how much trouble we ’re in ? ”
He says they “ just laughed . ”
“ I knew it was against federal law , but I thought I ’d [ deliver ] it from some guy in Mexico to some guy in Europe , ” says McWhorter , who still maintains that he did not know Roberts worked at NASA .
Advertisement
The meeting with the buyers was set for a restaurant .
McWhorter and Fowler sat in a corner while Roberts waited at another table for Lynn , their prospect ’s sister - in - law .
They stayed in touch via walkie - talkies , like kids playing spies .
Lynn walked in and asked for “ Orb . ” She and Roberts talked and became acquainted .
When Lynn ’s husband , Kurt , arrived , McWhorter and Fowler joined them .
After dinner , Roberts got into Lynn ’s Jaguar and they drove to the Sheraton hotel .
McWhorter and Fowler followed .
As they stepped out of their vehicles , FBI agents approached : “ You ’re under arrest , hands on the car . ”
“ Kurt ” was Lawrence Wolfenden , an FBI special agent .
Alex Emmermann had contacted him through the bureau ’s Internet Fraud Coordinator when “ Orb ’s ” e-mails started arriving .
“ Lynn ” was FBI agent Lynn Billings .
Wolfenden and other agents had taken over the correspondence from Emmermann .
Advertisement
Originally convinced that it was an Internet scam , Wolfenden had traced the e-mails and determined that some came from the Johnson Space Center .
“ That really kicked things up a notch , ” he says , adding that he thought , “ My God , they might actually have access to these things . ”
“ Everybody in the restaurant was FBI , ” Roberts says .
“ They arrested us , handcuffed us and made us sit for hours while they got a search warrant .
I felt my soul drain out of my body . ”
Saur was arrested in Houston , and she , Roberts and Fowler immediately confessed and implicated one another .
McWhorter was less forthcoming .
The charges included conspiracy to steal , transport and sell government property .
When the FBI searched Roberts ’ Salt Lake City apartment for more moon rocks , they found fossils he had taken from the Utah Museum of Natural History , which resulted in an additional charge .
Fowler , Saur and McWhorter made bail and began to prepare for the legal proceedings .
No one paid Roberts ’ bail , so he spent the next 16 months in a Florida jail .
“ My father said if any of [ his kids ] got in jail , he ’d make sure we stayed there as long as possible , ” Roberts says .
Advertisement
McWhorter jumped bail and wandered off .
“ I wanted to go into the desert without water or food to try to end it all , ” he says .
When he was picked up in Utah , he reportedly gave his name as Job .
“ My attorney was very adamant that I should take a plea , that the feds do not lose trials , ” McWhorter says .
“ But I could n’t do it ; I felt I ’d be betraying myself .
I used the Internet for two hours and got six years ?
I ’m not a terrorist , but a college kid who got caught up in a glorified fraternity prank . ”
His mother supported his decision for a trial .
“ Why plead guilty when you did n’t steal the moon rocks ? ” Riki Thoreson says .
“ He had nothing to do with the theft or the transportation . ”
The feds did indeed come down on McWhorter .
A parade of witnesses , including FBI agents , former astronaut Harrison Schmitt , NASA lunar sample curator Gary Lofgren , NASA cost analyst Kelley Cyr ( who pegged the replacement value of the rocks at $ 32 million ) , an e-mail verification expert , plus Roberts and Fowler , testified against him .
His attorney did not call any witnesses or put McWhorter on the stand .
Advertisement
McWhorter was convicted and is serving five years and 10 months at the Federal Correctional Institution in Florence , Colo .
Fowler and Saur , given leniency for cooperation , got six months of house arrest and three years of probation .
With their felony convictions , neither can become an astronaut .
Roberts was sentenced last , in October 2003 .
In a statement to a nearly empty courtroom , he apologized to NASA , Gibson , the University of Utah , Fowler and Saur .
He did not mention McWhorter .
Thoreson is not surprised .
“ Gordon threw away his future for this idiot scheme of Thad Roberts ’ .
To save his own skin , [ Roberts ] damned my son . ”
Calling Roberts a “ master manipulator , ” Judge Anne C. Conway effectively doubled the sentencing guideline of 46 to 57 months , sentencing him to eight years and four months in federal prison .
The staff at the Johnson Space Center was shocked that a member of the family would commit such a crime .
Since the theft , the co-op program has added ethics education to its training for incoming students .
And there have been some security changes , though NASA declines to elaborate .
Advertisement
Today it is still difficult to figure out what Roberts -- by all accounts a bright young man -- was thinking when he conceived the scheme that would destroy his dreams .
Or what would make him think that he could get away with it .
Or how he could talk two other NASA hopefuls into going along .
Roberts only says that he “ did n’t think of the ramifications ” and that he and McWhorter “ shared fantasies of making money . ”
Already in their mid-20s and having had marriages fail , they may have been more focused on financial security than the average undergrad .
McWhorter says Roberts was “ arrogant , ” which might have contributed to believing they would n’t get caught .
Roberts also is doing his time at the Federal Correctional Institution in Florence , Colo .
According to a supervisor , he ’s a model prisoner and is trying to get a telescope for an astronomy class that he ’ll teach his fellow inmates .
“ Without those floodlights on , ” Roberts says , “ you can see the stars . ”
*
Advertisement
Researcher Jessica
Gelt contributed to this story .
A plan to privatise the government - owned Port of Dover has provoked " outrage " , not least because the French are front - runners to take control of the facility .
According to the Daily Mail , the port needs money to fund an expansion plan , and selling it off could net £ 350 m for our cash - strapped government .
The harbour board expects to receive the go - ahead for the " voluntary privatisation " , which will likely see Nord - pas - de - Calais regional council , which also owns Calais , adding Dover to its roster of ports .
Chief exec Bob Goldfield explained : " The time is right for the voluntary privatisation of Dover .
We want to invest around £ 400 m on a second terminal and need to invest in the existing terminal , but are unable to because of public sector borrowing constraints .
We want to throw off the shackles . "
The Mail describes the move as " a dramatic reversal in the fortunes " of Calais and Dover , given that the English controlled the former for over 200 years after Edward III 's forces launched a successful takeover bid in 1347 .
A suitably - outraged prospective Tory MP for Dover , Charles Elphicke , thundered : " It ’s clear Gordon Brown has no sense of the history of our nation or the pride of our town .
How dare he consider selling it all off to the French ?
Dover is the English border .
" The people of Dover have a clear message for him - hands off our port , hands off the English border . "
The Mail has more on the whole sorry affair , plus a stirring snap of a Spitfire over the White Cliffs of Dover , right here . ®
Concerns over English football 's financial wellbeing are set to deepen further with the impending release of a report from Uefa which shows that Premier League clubs owe more money than all the other clubs in Europe 's top divisions put together .
That finding is contained in Uefa 's official report , The European Club Footballing Landscape , a copy of which has been seen by the Guardian , which analyses the 2007 - 08 annual accounts , the latest available , of all 732 clubs licensed by Uefa .
It calculates the combined debts of just 18 Premier League clubs at just under € 4bn ( £ 3.5 bn ) , around four times the figure for the next most indebted top division , Spain 's La Liga .
Total Premier League debts were higher even than that – only 18 clubs are included in the report because two of the most indebted , troubled Portsmouth and West Ham , were not granted Uefa licences that year due to their financial difficulties .
The Premier League made much more money from television and other commercial income than its rivals , € 122 m on average at the 18 clubs ; the next wealthiest was the German Bundesliga , whose clubs made an average € 79 m .
Yet despite that commercial advantage , the 18 English clubs were hugely more reliant on borrowed money from banks and club owners than the 714 other clubs combined .
" English clubs contain on their balance sheets an estimated 56 % of Europe - wide commercial debt , " the report says .
When it publishes the report in the coming weeks , Uefa will present it as authoritative evidence of the need for its Financial Fair Play rules , agreed in principle by the major clubs and leagues , which will require clubs to break even financially from 2012 - 13 .
In the foreword , Uefa 's president , Michel Platini , says the figures demonstrate " increasingly clear warning signs " and argues Uefa 's initiative is necessary " for the health of European club football " .
Uefa 's leadership makes a marked contrast with the silence at the Premier League and the Football Association over the debts at Manchester United and Liverpool , which now add up to more than £ 1bn collectively .
Those huge debts were loaded on to the clubs by their North American owners ' " leveraged " takeovers , yet despite the furore and mass supporter protests particularly over United 's £ 716 m debts , neither the Premier League nor FA have voiced any concern .
Uefa , in its report , identifies United and Liverpool 's debts as highly significant to the Premier League 's overall indebtedness , and criticises the effect it has had on the clubs financially .
" Just over half of [ the Premier League 's ] commercial debt has been placed into the [ relevant ] clubs [ or at a holding company level ] recently as a result of leveraged buyouts , " the report says , " so far acting principally as a burden rather than to support investment or spending " .
The Premier League today defended the amount of debt carried by its clubs , arguing that as they make the most money of any in Europe , they can be expected to borrow more too .
A spokesman pointed to the rules introduced by the league last summer , including a " going concern " test by which accountants will inspect clubs ' books and financial projections , as evidence that the league is concerned about the issue .
" The critical point is not the absolute size of any debt , " he said , " but how sustainable it is . "
However , the meltdown at Portsmouth , which followed the standard Premier League practice of borrowing from an owner and banks to pay high wages for otherwise unaffordable players , has seriously shaken the credibility of the English league 's model .
Gianni Infantino , Uefa 's general secretary , cited the report 's finding that almost half of Europe 's top clubs , 47 % , made a loss in 2008 despite record revenues , together with the Portsmouth crisis and scale of Premier League debts , as evidence of the need for reform .
" The Portsmouth example shows something must be done to help the clubs be more sustainable , " he said .
" The English Premier League clubs have higher revenues , but it is worrying to see such huge debt .
If it is borrowed to fuel spending on players , the problem comes when you cannot borrow any more money and can no longer pay the debts . "
The Premier League and FA have accepted Uefa 's break - even rule , but continue to argue that owners , so called " benefactors " , should be allowed to put money in to fuel spending on players .
Infantino , however , was adamant that when the rule is implemented , clubs will be expected to run within their income , not have backers enabling them to overspend .
NASHVILLE , Tenn. , Jan. 14 /PRNewswire -USNewswire / --
Media
First , we are pleased to announce that the convention has sold out and we now have a waiting list which we will continue to try to clear as opportunity presents .
In this light , we have had numerous requests for press passes and the resulting expected coverage .
However , as we have set expectations that this is a working convention , we have tried not to make it a media event .
In fact , Tea Party Nation has received hundreds of requests for press credentials to cover this convention .
Everyone from a small town newspaper in Iowa to Fox News has asked for press credentials .
We have had requests from Canada , England , France , Germany , Switzerland , Spain , Norway , Croatia and Japan .
We have been hard pressed to accommodate all of these requests and do not have the space or resources to support the entirety of the press corp .
Indeed , we have asked the hotel if they would be willing to provide a press room during the convention .
However , given these practical limitations , we have approved the following press organizations :
Fox News
Breitbart.com
Townhall.com
The Wall Street Journal
World Net Daily
About Tea Party Nation :
Tea Party Nation is a C - Corp .
We do not focus on donations , and provide a service and network for like - minded conservatives and TEA Party leadership .
TEA Party Nation is operated entirely by volunteers .
Tea Party Nation has an Advisory Board made up of nine ( 9 ) individuals who have been with Tea Party Nation since its formation .
This Advisory Board is instrumental in greeting new members , moderating the site , putting out our newsletter and making the policies and decisions for Tea Party Nation .
Between last February and the present , Tea Party Nation has seen members come and go .
We have tried to deal fairly with our present and former relationships , however , not without some criticism .
This criticism has been unfortunate and we believe , unwarranted .
However , it is the policy of Tea Party Nation not to focus on past challenges , but to stay focused on the task of advancing the conservative cause and defeating liberalism .
With that in mind , we will not be making any comments regarding former members .
The National Tea Party Convention
Last summer , our founder , Judson Phillips , approached the Advisory Board about a need for the Tea Party movement to move beyond holding rallies .
At this time , the Tea Party Nation Advisory Board discussed the need for a Tea Party Convention .
We envisioned a convention where delegates from the various Tea Party groups could gather , network , gain training and discuss the advancement of the movement .
In this light , we began development of the plan resulting in the current incarnation of the event .
Certainly , we are not professional event planners .
We have been most appreciative of the many members , volunteers and professionals who have helped us bring this vision to fruition .
These people have managed a tremendous task and put a convention together in a matter of weeks that normally takes a year to plan .
As stated , the convention is now sold out .
There is an extensive waiting list .
We have delegates coming from Maine to California and as far away as Hawaii .
And as of this morning , we invited RNC Chairman Michael Steele and DNC Chairman , Tim Kaine to come and have a dialogue with the attendees .
We are awaiting a response and are looking forward to an excellent event with the excitement of the attendees , leadership and speakers .
We are grateful for the overwhelming response and appreciate the positive results expected from this convention .
In the end , we appreciate the fact that differences of opinion exist , but our leadership and our volunteers are committed to the successful conclusion of this convention .
We appreciate the interest of all those associated with this event .
Tea Party Nation
www.teapartynation.com
SOURCE Tea Party Nation
etree.org Community Bittorrent Tracker Artist GreyBoy AllStars Show Greyboy Allstars .
12.31.09 , Ogden Theatre , Denver , CO Report this as
non-Trade - Friendly Email us Torrent gba2009-12-31.bt.etree.torrent ( click to download ) Downloads as gba2009 - 12-31 Info hash a717ae7b4977ef6a1d18257dc4b7a33f8c758f0 f Description Greyboy Allstars
Ogden Theatre
Denver , CO
12.31.09
On Stage set list :
Set I : Feel My Grip , Still Waiting , What Happened To TV , Back In The Game , Speed Freak , Cramp Your Style , Boxes , Volcanic , Right On
Set II : New Year 's Countdown >
Auld Lang Syne , Wynder K Frog , V - Neck , Pigeons Under Water , Get A Job , Corrys , Chitlins , Sports Caster , Smokin At Tiffany's , Here Come The Girls , Suzy , Happy Friends , Deck Shoes , Toys R Us
[ Disc 1 ]
Set I :
01 06:27
02 03:41
03 03:58
04 05:40
05 04:43
06 03:25
07 12:10
08 06:58
09 09:25
Total Time : 56:31
[ Disc 2 ]
Set II :
01 02:20
02 03:50
03 05:53
04 10:02
05 08:47
06 04:04
07 08:36
08 07:56
09 02:34
10 07:33
11 04:14
Total Time : 65:54
[ Disc 3 ]
Set II cont'd :
01 07:26
02 21:45
Encore :
03 16:58
Total Time : 46:10
Source : Studio Projects C4 ( ORTF / FOB ) > ( Oade Concert Mod ) Marantz PMD661 ( 24/96 )
Transfer : PMD661 > USB > Sound Forge > CD Wave > Flac Frontend > .
flac
Recorded and transferred by Gerry Gladu
Checksums 4b5473e6cdb20d96e938a4bc8db08a1a * gba2009-12-31_d1t01.flac<br />
041349 fafa55d9dc77e6d650a085a0d3 * gba2009-12-31_d1t02.flac<br />
4d4dbb55bc967ee334c844c15780 f2ad * gba2009-12-31_d1t03.flac<br />
e37517c3a07184f8f921b57113fafaab * gba2009-12-31_d1t04.flac<br />
ac610d3d1dbc79e5b6e39b9a24b06913 * gba2009-12-31_d1t05.flac<br />
deea0dd6ae32d8252286baed12f55f9c * gba2009-12-31_d1t06.flac<br />
ba0c1b5e2d9b3515d345c4f0b32f74f7 * gba2009-12-31_d1t07.flac<br />
38654b9fef73791fef528a6b93046efa * gba2009-12-31_d1t08.flac<br />
32e42a551a06629b6c2ee344799d059e * gba2009-12-31_d1t09.flac<br />
682144314a64e87c32eb601717771223 * gba2009-12-31_d2t01.flac<br />
69dd4f9a402fa6246c6ceb705af12612 * gba2009-12-31_d2t02.flac<br />
ca5fc99d8eea17cc367e90f1013e1c34 * gba2009-12-31_d2t03.flac<br />
795 fcb3f7ab2251f02b2f92ceea79610 * gba2009-12-31_d2t04.flac<br />
18776d8c89b2fdb54aefd33c5949dda3 * gba2009-12-31_d2t05.flac<br />
4f55fc586767b625131c201d2d6961 af * gba2009-12-31_d2t06.flac<br />
17467f4a155fe2e5441646f7c23d86bc * gba2009-12-31_d2t07.flac<br />
3b35e910b0026a286d0bbc3552f2f28d * gba2009-12-31_d2t08.flac<br />
75 fcbef06a7f695f2703beaac21f7d09 * gba2009-12-31_d2t09.flac<br />
5 fd20adf9895b9625ae7fa7f45b00af0 * gba2009-12-31_d2t10.flac<br />
e14da4a9182ac970734b0feef0d13dd7 * gba2009-12-31_d2t11.flac<br />
28875eca4a11ffc772237df64931cf10 * gba2009-12-31_d3t01.flac<br />
34721665bc1f15900c53e7162e9c7290 * gba2009-12-31_d3t02.flac<br />
83171e39146c30f72d9ee51454c9bc98 * gba2009-12-31_d3t03.flac Type GreyBoy AllStars Last seeder Last activity 1003 days , 09:28:13 ago Size 914.87 MB ( 959307718 Bytes ) Added 2010-01-01 22:01:33 Views 0 Hits 614 Snatched 215 times Upped by gladug Num files
[ See full list ] 25 files Peers
[ See full list ] 0 seeders , 0 leechers = 0 peers total Add a comment pghmusic 2010 - 01- 01 23:04:03 thanx for the up !
always love me some allstars epescially to start the new year hapy new year from the burgh ' jkennedy 2010 - 01-01 23:36:09 thanks for taping and sharing !
pixielf
2010-01-02 10:03:41
Thanks !
okisailor 2010-01-02 15:11:50
Thanks for upin ' this one .
I got your txt.msg from the show but not til the next day PEACE ckeiner 2010-01-02 18:19:49 Setlist :
Feel My Grip
Still Waiting
What Happened To TV ?
Back In The Game
Speed Freak
Cramp Your Style
Boxes
Volcanic
Right On
Set 2
Countdown > Auld Lang Syne
Wynder K Frog
V Neck Sweater
Jack Rabbit
Pigeons Under Water
Get A Job
Corry's
Chitlins
Sports Caster
Smokin' At Tiffany's
Here Come The Girls
Suzy
Happy Friends
Deck Shoes >
The Pusher > Toys R Us
suwanneejoe 2010-01-24 20:39:18
Sweet !
Thanks for sharing the GBA NYE show !
Add a comment
Oliver Percovich Unites Afghani Kids Through Non-profit Skateistan
Typically , males and females are strictly segregated from mixing together in Afghani culture .
But thanks to Australian Oliver Percovich , Kabul children from all backgrounds are creating a common bond — on wheels .
In Kabul , 10 - year - old girls like Fazila Shrindul are taught to wear headscarves at all times , and are not permitted to play with , or even speak to , males who are not in their immediate family .
Typically , males and females are strictly segregated from mixing together in Afghani culture .
But thanks to Australian Oliver Percovich , Kabul children from all backgrounds are creating a common bond — on wheels .
Since 2007 , Percovich has been leading a nonprofit club known as “ Skateistan ” at an old dried - out fountain in downtown Kabul .
There , Percovich teaches curious kids how to skateboard , giving boys and girls , street beggars and middle - class children alike , the opportunity to socialize and learn from one another in a fun and wholesome environment .
Many of the street kids have grown accomplished enough at skateboarding that they are now paid to instruct other children , and can make several dollars a day doing something they enjoy .
About 90 children currently participate in the skate program , but Percovich hopes to soon more than triple the organization ’s size : he has received enough donations from private individuals and government bodies that he is now building a $ 1 million indoor skate park , which will also host educational classes for the children there .
“ The boards are just our carrots , ” Percovich told the Los Angeles Times .
“ They ’re a way to connect with kids and build trust . ”
Skateistan gives Percovich the opportunity to befriend the children and encourage them to pursue education .
The group skating programs also help the children to learn that they may not be as different from others as they might have thought , and gives them the chance to nurture understanding among their own social groups .
“ We ’re just here to plant seeds — and then it ’s up to the youth here to grow up and make changes in their own communities their own way , ” said Percovich .
Brian Fargo and InXile Entertainment might , in fact , be developing a game for Bethesda .
Last time DAC spoke with Fargo , he informed us that he was working on a sequel to Wasteland , saying :
" I am indeed looking into bringing back the game that spawned the Fallout series .
Stay tuned .... " 21 June 2007
Could this sequel have evolved into another Fallout game ?
After some investigating , DAC has discovered that Fargo has been on a press tour of Europe is currently still on his press tour of Europe , leaving for Paris this morning .
When asked what he is promoting on the tour , he responded :
" My Chippendales calendar ;) actually our game that we are doing for Bethesda that has been under wraps for a couple years . "
18 Feb 2010
It is unknown at this time whether or not Fargo was being serious or just making a joke .
Attempts were made to contact both inXile and Bethesda , but no response has been made as of yet .
DAC will keep you updated as the story develops .
Updated with more information about the in - progress press tour .
- 11:27 GMT
A new film is gaining traction among tea-party followers for suggesting that the collapse of the US financial system has roots dating back 40 years to the Summer of Love .
“ Generation Zero , ” a film set to premiere in March , examines what producer David Bossie says is a “ historic perspective on a generational change ” that led to the September 2008 bank collapse .
Mr. Bossie says generational narcissism , as represented by the 1969 Woodstock Festival , is responsible for the excessive spending , mortgage crisis , and recklessness on Wall Street .
“ The people who were at Woodstock turned into the yuppies of the '80s and the junk bond traders of the '90s and the Wall Street executives of the 2000s , ” he says .
“ They went from Woodstock to driving a Jaguar . ”
Defending baby boomers
Quantifying baby boomers as yuppies is a familiar position taken by conservative groups , says Leonard Steinhorn , author of “ The Greater Generation : In Defense of the Baby Boom Legacy . ”
Mr. Steinhorn says it is common for boomers to become a target , because their generation helped “ reverse the social order of the ' 50s ” by creating civil rights for blacks , women , and gays , and by helping address issues such as environmental pollution .
“ Not every boomer was a hippie , but the normative structure of the baby - boom generation has been for a more inclusive , equal , and free society , and so if you have problem with that , you ’re going to have problem with boomers , ” he says .
( Monitor op - ed on boomers as volunteers here . )
Citizens United , Bossie ’s company , is no stranger to controversial topics that take aim at liberals or their causes .
The company was at the center of a recent US Supreme Court case involving “ Hillary : The Movie , ” a documentary it produced that showed then - presidential candidate Hillary Clinton in an unfavorable light .
The high court overturned a provision of the McCain - Feingold law that barred the use of political advertisements created or paid for by independent parties .
( Monitor analysis of the Supreme Court decision here . )
Before his tenure at Citizens United , Bossie was a chief investigator in the Whitewater hearings and he also led investigations into alleged finance abuses in Bill Clinton ’s 1996 re-election campaign .
' Tea partiers ' love the movie
Early this month , a screening of the film was warmly received at both the National Tea Party Convention and the Conservative Political Action Conference .
From there , it was the subject of an hour - long special on FOX News hosted by Sean Hannity .
Bossie says the attention may mean an eventual theatrical release .
At the moment , it is available only via DVD from the movie ’s website .
The film , which features commentary from conservative pundits such as Charles Krauthammer , Newt Gingrich , and Dick Morris , offers no concluding message other than a plea to control government spending .
Bossie adds that blame is shared among both Democrats and Republicans for failing to do so .
“ The political correctness of not wanting to say ‘ no ’ took hold not in 1999 ; it started in 1969 , ” he says .
Steinhorn , who also teaches at American University 's School of Communication , says that type of position is unfair and has ulterior motives .
“ As a conservative , if you can trivialize what boomers have done , to create a false hippie - to - yuppie paradigm , then your goal is to trivialize all these remarkable changes to our society in the last forty years , ” he says .
“ Changes that made us a far more equal , free , inclusive , and environmentally conscious society than we ’ve ever been before . ”
While recent Android models like the Nexus One and the Motorola DROID / MILESTONE are expected to get their Flash 10.1 upgrade before the middle of the year , what about older models ?
Does an Android phone like the G1 still suffer from performance issues when loaded up with Adobe 's software ?
The answer came in a statement on the official Adobe blog page from Antonio Flores .
Flores said , " You can expect the final release for Android to be available mid-year .
All Android devices that meet our minimum s/w and h/w requirements will be supported .
Unfortunately , I cannot say a lot more publicly about our port to the Android system at this time .
No , the HTC Hero will not be supported b/c it does not have the correct Android OS version and its chipset is not powerful enough .
We require a device with an ARM v7 ( Cortex ) processor .
Examples are the Qualcomm Snapdragon chipsets and the TI OMAP3 series . "
The Nexus One , of course , features the former processor while the Motorola DROID has the latter chip under its hood .
As for the G1 , forget it .
The DROID and N - One are the only models that currently meet the requirements .
Just in case it 's been a long day and the words are just not able to penetrate , here is a list of U.S. Android phones that will not be getting Flash 10.1 .
They are the Sprint Hero , Sprint Moment , T - Mobile G1 , T - Mobile myTouch 3G , T - Mobile CLIQ , T - Mobile Behold II , Verizon DROID ERIS and Verizon DEVOUR .
It should be noted that some handsets like the DROID ERIS and the DEVOUR are equipped with Flash Lite that was added by the manufacturer .
source : AdobeForums via Andronica
Да
Согласен ( -а ) с политикой конфиденциальност и
Сфера деятельности компании *
This is not an amateur site , nor a mom and pop operation with poor quality and limited content .
We are easily one of the top producers of high quality original BDSM content .
This site is run by a staff of professionals specializing in videography , photography , lighting , sound , video and photo editing , and of course , BDSM .
We use the lastest technology to deliver you a fantastic value for your money , and we bet you will agree once you see what we have to offer .
Humour is a universal human characteristic ; it may even define us ( Image : Bill Truslow / Stone / Getty )
All jokes rely on some kind of incongruity that can be resolved to a greater or lesser degree – a process that is reflected in a region of the brain known as the temporoparietal junction .
This cartoon is an example of a straighter , more resolvable joke , where the incongruity ( the replacement of Pavlov ’s dog with a salivating Pavlov ) is very easily explained ( Image : www.CartoonStock.com)
In some jokes , however , the incongruities are harder to resolve .
These cartoons appeal more to a psychological group known as “ experience seekers ” , who are defined by their desire to pursue novel sensations .
These people show greater activity in their temporoparietal junction , hippocampus and prefrontal cortex as they explore all the possible angles of the joke ( Image : www.CartoonStock.com)
Many cartoons , dubbed theory - of - mind jokes , rely on the viewer understanding a situation from two different peoples ’ points of view ( in this case , the cat and the scientist ’s mindsets ) .
These jokes are particularly difficult for people with autism to understand ( Image : www.CartoonStock.com)
Autistic people prefer visual puns , which do not rely on an understanding of the character ’s mindset , to the theory - of - mind jokes .
Here , the joke relies on the viewer understanding the fact that one visual element ( in this case , the crab ’s claw / spanner ) represents two things simultaneously ( Image : www.CartoonStock.com)
TWO polar bears are perched on a block of floating ice .
One says to the other : “ Do you know , I keep thinking it ’s Thursday … ”
To some , this kind of surreal humour is side - splitting .
Others are baffled by it and ca n’t even raise a smile . …
FBI director Robert Mueller is still keen to get US internet service providers to keep their customers ' web logs for up to two years .
What is not clear is whether the director is talking about which websites are visited or the specific URL - which would require deep packet inspection and probably break US wiretap laws .
Greg Motta , boss of the FBI digital evidence section , said his director wanted " origin and destination information for non-content data " , according to CNet .
Motta said the Feds simply want to keep powers they already have - since 1986 phone companies have been obliged to keep records of who makes calls , who they call , when they call and how long the call lasts .
It 's just that now , the Feds want to explicity include web activity as well .
He said the FBI did not want to store the actual content of calls or emails .
Motta was speaking to the Online Safety and Technology Working Group .
It is not clear exactly what the Feds want ; logging IP numbers or web hosts would be relatively simple for an ISP , while keeping track of exact URLs would be harder and more expensive .
The proposals will sound familiar to anyone familiar with the UK's Communications Capabilities Directorate - responsible for what was formerly known as the interception modernisation program .
The UK approach has also sought to preserve existing spook powers , by extending them to cover any new comms capability that comes onto the market . ®
When some Kosher cousins of mine came to visit LA , it was time for me to pay another visit to Pico and Robertson , also known as Little Israel .
Once again , it would have been a waste to go to a Kosher place on the dairy end of the spectrum , so we went to Pico Kosher Deli to get some meat going .
Sometimes it ’s hard for me to get meat without topping it with a cheese of some sort , but the deli had something interesting to top their meat , while still staying Kosher .
This topping was pastrami and I found it upon The Deli Burger .
This burger with fries was only $ 7.95 and all Kosher .
I ordered it without lettuce , tomato , onion and pickle and got ready for some Kosher meat on meat action .
My burger came and looked just perfect .
Not a veggie in site .
Despite the pastrami , I was worried that this burger just could n’t be good without cheese , but I was wrong .
The pastrami added a delicious taste to this burger and was more of a substitute for bacon than it was for cheese .
Nonetheless , the pastrami gave the burger an entirely new dimension .
The beef itself was also delicious .
There seems to be something about Kosher meat that just tastes so much better than regular meat , and this was no different with The Deli Burger .
The fries were just normal , but they were good enough to go along with a burger that has opened my eyes to a world away from cheesy bacon burgers .
Those splendid brainboxes at DARPA - the Pentagon 's in - house bazaar of the bizarre - have outdone themselves this time .
They now plan an entirely uncrewed , automated ghost frigate able to cruise the oceans of the world for months or years on end without human input .
The new project is called Anti-submarine warfare Continuous Trail Unmanned Vessel ( ACTUV ) , and is intended to produce " an X - ship founded on the assumption that no person steps aboard at any point in its operating cycle " .
The uncrewed frigate would have enough range and endurance for " global , months long deployments with no underway human maintenance " , being able to cross oceans largely without any human input - communications back to base would be " intermittent " , according to DARPA .
In particular , the automated warship would need to avoid crashing into other vessels as it prowled the seas on the business of the US government , a function normally performed by bridge watchkeeping officers .
DARPA specifies that the ACTUV must be able to conduct " safe navigation at sea within the framework of maritime law " - that is the International Rules for Prevention of Collisions at Sea , aka " Rule of the Road " , which Royal Navy officers have to memorise almost word - perfect .
Then , while weaving in and out of other ships , the crewless frigate must be able to stay on the trail of a well - nigh silent diesel - electric submarine running beneath the waves .
Such subs are operated - albeit in small numbers - by various minor powers around the world , and are considered by some in the major navies to be a very serious threat .
DARPA 's idea would be that every time such a sub put to sea or was otherwise at a known location , an ACTUV would be put onto its tail - freeing up hugely expensive manned ships and subs from routine shadowing work .
The thinking is that following such a submarine is fairly easily done compared to finding it in the first place .
That might be true in this case , as DARPA specify that the ACTUV should be able to carry out " continuous overt trail of threat submarines " , as opposed to following them secretly as manned US forces might .
The robo - frigate would be able to simply get a lock on its prey using powerful active sonar , sending loud " pings " of sound into the sea and detecting the echoes from the sub .
It could then hang close on the sub's tail where active sonar tracking is easy , as it would have " propulsive overmatch " - ie it would be much faster .
Nuclear submarines can be speedy enough to lose a surface ship in some circumstances , but this is n't feasible for a diesel - electric boat .
Better still , there would be no need for expensive silencing on the ACTUV ( of the sort seen on British Type 23 frigates , for instance ) as it would expect to be using active sonar anyway .
This documentation is deprecated , please have a look at savonrb.com !
Looking into The Ruby Toolbox there are currently two popular SOAP client libraries available .
In this short article I am going to crunch the candidates Savon , which is currently the most “ popular ” library , and Handsoap which follows short after .
Both are open source projects hosted on github .
Scope
This article wo n’t cover all facets of both libraries .
I concentrate on the features that are relevant for integrating a Ruby SOAP client into our particular SOA platform .
That platform is commonly based on Java SOAP services based on frameworks such as CXF and Axis providing interfaces to internal business logic .
Since this is not a complete feature list , it should show you at least how to work with the APIs and which client might be the best choice for yourself .
Requirements
Having lots of Java Guys around here , there is no great focus on things like beautiful API design or Ruby magic , the client should just work !
Living in a Java environment , the SOAP client has to integrate smoothly with JRuby .
Since a lot of Ruby libraries lack support for JRuby , we always have to monkey patch a lot of code to make it run on the JRE .
Examples
We refer to free , public SOAP services , so everyone can run the examples by themselves .
All the examples seen here can be cloned / downloaded from github .
Chapters
Have fun !
This is a cartoon of Batman responding to the Bat Signal .
Apparently he 's a soccer ( football ) fan .
Who knew ?
I always pinned him as more of a yacht racing kind of superhero .
Or is that Thomas Crown ?
Steal me a Picasso !
Even The Dark Knight deserves an evening off [ ramblingsofamadman ]
Thanks to Greg , who once hit Batman with a bottle rocket and burnt a hole in his cape .
Oh you are so bad !
News about life in the U.S. Military could give you whiplash this week .
On one front , there 's the congressional hearing over " Do n't Ask , Don't Tell " and on the other , there 's a sign of increased attention to religious liberty in uniform .
The Air Force Academy has added a stone circle where earth - centered faiths -- Wiccans , Pagans , Druids -- can worship .
We should n't have been surprised .
The growth of these faiths turned up in recent statistics from the American Religious Identification Survey .
When we looked more closely at Wiccans , we found many were active or retired military .
Perhaps those who say the military culture is too traditional for social change should visit the hillside in Colorado .
Have you ever visited a stone circle for a spiritual experience ?
For malicious attackers attempting to compromise your web application , the network is no longer the path of least resistance .
A simple configuration error or a little carelessness and sometimes not being aware can give an attacker direct illegal access to your database or sections that require aunthentication .
In this post we present you some simple yet strong steps towards making your endeavour more secure .
We are sure they will surely tighten your seatbelts or prove or be your helmet .
And we beleive that Safety does matter when it involves your hard work .
SQL injection
SQL injection is a code injection technique and is basically due to input data validation flaw .
Let us assume that you ask user to input username and password to access certain section of your application .
And your query is something like :
SELECT * FROM user_table WHERE user= ”.$username . ” and pass= ” .$ password . ” ; here , $ password = $ _POST [ ‘ password ’ ] ; $ username = $ _POST [ ‘ username ] ;
In this case , all malicious user has to do to gain access to your application is enter in either of the field ( say password ) some string of the type – “ or “ 1 ” = “ 1 – Hence your query now becomes
SELECT * FROM user_table WHERE user= ” some known username ” and pass= ” “ or “ 1 ” = “ 1 ” ;
Since “ 1 ” = “ 1 ” is always true , therefore he gains access to that particular section with the power of “ some known username ” .
You can prevent it by following two very simple approaches :
1. Using addslashes ( ) method
$ username = addslashes ( $ _POST [ " username " ] ) ; $ password = addslashes ( $ _POST [ " password " ] ) ;
2. Using mysql_real_escape_string ( ) method
$ sql_query = sprintf ( “ SELECT * FROM user_table WHERE user = ‘ %s’ AND pass = ‘ %s ’ ” , mysql_real_escape_string ( $user ) , mysql_real_escape_string ( $password ) ) ;
.
DoS Attacks
DoS ( Denial of Service ) attack is an attempt to engage your resource and make it unavailable to its intended users .
Test size limits of user input before using or storing it .
There are two ways to limit the file size that can be uploaded .
As explained below :
php.ini Settings
1. Adjust the upload_max_filesize setting :
The default value is 2MB .
A second restriction affecting the total size of form submissions , is marked by the post_max_size setting in php.ini .
Its default value is 8 MB .
So you can alter it as you want .
2. HTML Form setting :
But changing php.ini setting in shared web Servers becomes an issue .
In that case , include a hidden input field in your form with the name MAX_FILE_SIZE , and the maximum file size you want to accept with this form as its value .
But , this value ca n’t exceed the upload_max_filesize setting in your php.ini .
Anyway you can accept different maximum sizes on different pages and avoiding unnecessary engagement of your server .
.htacess Settings
If you find in your log file that some particular IP address ( say xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx ) is making enormous requests to your application and keeping it engaged .
This can be an automated program or a bot or some guy with ill intentions .
You can simply deny the requests from that particular IP Address by adding below code to your .htacess file
Deny from xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx
Put size safeguards on database queries .
For example , before you display query results in an PHP Web page , be sure that there are not an unreasonable number of records .
.
Sessions
Sessions are the methods by which we can “ maintain state ” from one page to the next and identify specific users across multiple page requests .
Below are some practices that you might find of some help .
It might not be very close to give bullet - proof security .
However , they can be some simple extra steps that can be taken to help keep hackers out
A session assigns a unique identifier to a user .
To make it difficult for someone to guess , or for a program to find quickly , to help avoid hacking , a session identifier should be at least 32 random alpha-numeric characters or longer .
In order to protect your session from hacker , you need to find as many unique aspects of the user ’s computer as you can find , and verify that they stay the same across all page requests .
I would advise to store IP Address and User Agent ( UA ) .
It is possible that a hacker could be spoof IP or using same UA , but it is more unlikely .
Store the last access time in the session variable .
And in case it is inactive for more than 20 minutes ( say ) , end the session .
An illustration :
<? php session_start ( ) ; function endSession ( $ message ) { session_unset ( ) ; session_destroy ( ) ; echo $ message ; exit ; } if ( isset ( $ _SESSION [ ' user ' ] ) ) { if ( $ _SESSION [ ' ip_address ' ] != $ _SERVER [ ' REMOTE_ADDR ' ] ) { endSession ( " Invalid IP Address " ) ; } elseif ( $ _SESSION [ ' user_agent ' ] != $ _SERVER [ ' HTTP_USER_AGENT ' ] ) { endSession ( " Invalid User - Agent " ) ; // verify user - agent is same } elseif ( ( time ( ) - 1200 ) > $ _SESSION [ ' last_access ' ] ) { endSession ( " Session Timed Out " ) ; // verify access within 20 min } else { echo " Welcome user " ; } } else { $ _SESSION [ ' user ' ] = " Steve " ; $ _SESSION [ ' ip_address ' ] = $ _SERVER [ ' REMOTE_ADDR ' ] ; $ _SESSION [ ' user_agent ' ] = $ _SERVER [ ' HTTP_USER_AGENT ' ] ; $ _SESSION [ ' last_access ' ] = time ( ) ; echo ( " Session created , refresh page " ) ; } ?>
That ’s all !
We will get back to you soon with some handful safety features .
Cheers !!
Nothing really new , just the most searing and comprehensive evisceration of the vampire squid 's " profitability tactics " to date , packaged in a box of exquisite semantic brilliance that only Matt Taibbi can provide , and comprehensible enough for anyone to understand .
Taibbi points out : " the fact that we have n't done much of anything to change the rules and behavior of Wall Street shows that we still do n't get it .
Instituting a bailout policy that stressed recapitalizing bad banks was like the addict coming back to the con man to get his lost money back .
Ask yourself how well that ever works out .
And then get ready for the reload . "
It is time to break up the market monopolizing force known as Goldman Sachs .
Published in Rolling Stone magazine
Wall Street 's Bailout Hustle
Goldman Sachs and other big banks are n't just pocketing the trillions we gave them to rescue the economy - they 're re-creating the conditions for another crash
MATT TAIBBI
On January 21st , Lloyd Blankfein left a peculiar voicemail message on the work phones of his employees at Goldman Sachs .
Fast becoming America 's pre-eminent Marvel Comics supervillain , the CEO used the call to deploy his secret weapon : a pair of giant , nuclear - powered testicles .
In his message , Blankfein addressed his plan to pay out gigantic year - end bonuses amid widespread controversy over Goldman 's role in precipitating the global financial crisis .
The bank had already set aside a tidy $ 16.2 billion for salaries and bonuses — meaning that Goldman employees were each set to take home an average of $ 498,246 , a number roughly commensurate with what they received during the bubble years .
Still , the troops were worried :
There were rumors that Dr. Ballsachs , bowing to political pressure , might be forced to scale the number back .
After all , the country was broke , 14.8 million Americans were stranded on the unemployment line , and Barack Obama and the Democrats were trying to recover the populist high ground after their bitch - whipping in Massachusetts by calling for a " bailout tax " on banks .
Maybe this was n't the right time for Goldman to be throwing its annual Roman bonus orgy .
Not to worry , Blankfein reassured employees .
" In a year that proved to have no shortage of story lines , " he said , " I believe very strongly that performance is the ultimate narrative . "
Translation :
We made a shitload of money last year because we 're so amazing at our jobs , so fuck all those people who want us to reduce our bonuses .
Goldman was n't alone .
The nation 's six largest banks — all committed to this balls - out , I drink your milkshake !
strategy of flagrantly gorging themselves as America goes hungry — set aside a whopping $ 140 billion for executive compensation last year , a sum only slightly less than the $ 164 billion they paid themselves in the pre-crash year of 2007 .
In a gesture of self - sacrifice , Blankfein himself took a humiliatingly low bonus of $ 9 million , less than the 2009 pay of elephantine New York Knicks washout Eddy Curry .
But in reality , not much had changed .
" What is the state of our moral being when Lloyd Blankfein taking a $ 9 million bonus is viewed as this great act of contrition , when every penny of it was a direct transfer from the taxpayer ? " asks Eliot Spitzer , who tried to hold Wall Street accountable during his own ill - fated stint as governor of New York .
Beyond a few such bleats of outrage , however , the huge payout was met , by and large , with a collective sigh of resignation .
Because beneath America 's populist veneer , on a more subtle strata of the national psyche , there remains a strong temptation to not really give a shit .
The rich , after all , have always made way too much money ; what 's the difference if some fat cat in New York pockets $ 20 million instead of $ 10 million ?
The only reason such apathy exists , however , is because there 's still a widespread misunderstanding of how exactly Wall Street " earns " its money , with emphasis on the quotation marks around " earns . "
The question everyone should be asking , as one bailout recipient after another posts massive profits — Goldman reported $ 13.4 billion in profits last year , after paying out that $ 16.2 billion in bonuses and compensation — is this :
In an economy as horrible as ours , with every factory town between New York and Los Angeles looking like those hollowed - out ghost ships we see on History Channel documentaries like Shipwrecks of the Great Lakes , where in the hell did Wall Street 's eye - popping profits come from , exactly ?
Did Goldman go from bailout city to $ 13.4 billion in the black because , as Blankfein suggests , its " performance " was just that awesome ?
A year and a half after they were minutes away from bankruptcy , how are these assholes not only back on their feet again , but hauling in bonuses at the same rate they were during the bubble ?
The answer to that question is basically twofold :
They raped the taxpayer , and they raped their clients .
The bottom line is that banks like Goldman have learned absolutely nothing from the global economic meltdown .
In fact , they 're back conniving and playing speculative long shots in force — only this time with the full financial support of the U.S. government .
In the process , they 're rapidly re-creating the conditions for another crash , with the same actors once again playing the same crazy games of financial chicken with the same toxic assets as before .
That 's why this bonus business is n't merely a matter of getting upset about whether or not Lloyd Blankfein buys himself one tropical island or two on his next birthday .
The reality is that the post - bailout era in which Goldman thrived has turned out to be a chaotic frenzy of high - stakes con-artistry , with taxpayers and clients bilked out of billions using a dizzying array of old - school hustles that , but for their ponderous complexity , would have fit well in slick grifter movies like The Sting and Matchstick Men .
There 's even a term in con-man lingo for what some of the banks are doing right now , with all their cosmetic gestures of scaling back bonuses and giving to charities .
In the grifter world , calming down a mark so he does n't call the cops is known as the " Cool Off . "
To appreciate how all of these ( sometimes brilliant ) schemes work is to understand the difference between earning money and taking scores , and to realize that the profits these banks are posting do n't so much represent national growth and recovery , but something closer to the losses one would report after a theft or a car crash .
Many Americans instinctively understand this to be true — but , much like when your wife does it with your 300 - pound plumber in the kids ' playroom , knowing it and actually watching the whole scene from start to finish are two very different things .
In that spirit , a brief history of the best 18 months of grifting this country has ever seen :
CON # 1 THE SWOOP AND SQUAT
By now , most people who have followed the financial crisis know that the bailout of AIG was actually a bailout of AIG's " counterparties " — the big banks like Goldman to whom the insurance giant owed billions when it went belly up .
What is less understood is that the bailout of AIG counter - parties like Goldman and Société Générale , a French bank , actually began before the collapse of AIG , before the Federal Reserve paid them so much as a dollar .
Nor is it understood that these counterparties actually accelerated the wreck of AIG in what was , ironically , something very like the old insurance scam known as " Swoop and Squat , " in which a target car is trapped between two perpetrator vehicles and wrecked , with the mark in the game being the target 's insurance company — in this case , the government .
This may sound far - fetched , but the financial crisis of 2008 was very much caused by a perverse series of legal incentives that often made failed investments worth more than thriving ones .
Our economy was like a town where everyone has juicy insurance policies on their neighbors ' cars and houses .
In such a town , the driving will be suspiciously bad , and there will be a lot of fires .
AIG was the ultimate example of this dynamic .
At the height of the housing boom , Goldman was selling billions in bundled mortgage - backed securities — often toxic crap of the no-money - down , no-identification - needed variety of home loan — to various institutional suckers like pensions and insurance companies , who frequently thought they were buying investment - grade instruments .
At the same time , in a glaring example of the perverse incentives that existed and still exist , Goldman was also betting against those same sorts of securities — a practice that one government investigator compared to " selling a car with faulty brakes and then buying an insurance policy on the buyer of those cars . "
Goldman often " insured " some of this garbage with AIG , using a virtually unregulated form of pseudo - insurance called credit - default swaps .
Thanks in large part to deregulation pushed by Bob Rubin , former chairman of Goldman , and Treasury secretary under Bill Clinton , AIG was n't required to actually have the capital to pay off the deals .
As a result , banks like Goldman bought more than $ 440 billion worth of this bogus insurance from AIG , a huge blind bet that the taxpayer ended up having to eat .
Thus , when the housing bubble went crazy , Goldman made money coming and going .
They made money selling the crap mortgages , and they made money by collecting on the bogus insurance from AIG when the crap mortgages flopped .
Still , the trick for Goldman was : how to collect the insurance money .
As AIG headed into a tailspin that fateful summer of 2008 , it looked like the beleaguered firm was n't going to have the money to pay off the bogus insurance .
So Goldman and other banks began demanding that AIG provide them with cash collateral .
In the 15 months leading up to the collapse of AIG , Goldman received $ 5.9 billion in collateral .
Société Générale , a bank holding lots of mortgage - backed crap originally underwritten by Goldman , received $ 5.5 billion .
These collateral demands squeezing AIG from two sides were the " Swoop and Squat " that ultimately crashed the firm .
" It put the company into a liquidity crisis , " says Eric Dinallo , who was intimately involved in the AIG bailout as head of the New York State Insurance Department .
It was a brilliant move .
When a company like AIG is about to die , it is n't supposed to hand over big hunks of assets to a single creditor like Goldman ; it 's supposed to equitably distribute whatever assets it has left among all its creditors .
Had AIG gone bankrupt , Goldman would have likely lost much of the $ 5.9 billion that it pocketed as collateral .
" Any bankruptcy court that saw those collateral payments would have declined that transaction as a fraudulent conveyance , " says Barry Ritholtz , the author of Bailout Nation .
Instead , Goldman and the other counterparties got their money out in advance — putting a torch to what was left of AIG .
Fans of the movie Goodfellas will recall Henry Hill and Tommy DeVito taking the same approach to the Bamboo Lounge nightclub they 'd been gouging .
Roll the Ray Liotta narration : " Finally , when there 's nothing left , when you can't borrow another buck . . . you bust the joint out .
You light a match . "
And why not ?
After all , according to the terms of the bailout deal struck when AIG was taken over by the state in September 2008 , Goldman was paid 100 cents on the dollar on an additional $ 12.9 billion it was owed by AIG — again , money it almost certainly would not have seen a fraction of had AIG proceeded to a normal bankruptcy .
Along with the collateral it pocketed , that 's $ 19 billion in pure cash that Goldman would not have " earned " without massive state intervention .
How 's that $ 13.4 billion in 2009 profits looking now ?
And that does n't even include the direct bailouts of Goldman Sachs and other big banks , which began in earnest after the collapse of AIG .
CON # 2 THE DOLLAR STORE
In the usual " DollarStore " or " Big Store " scam — popularized in movies like The Sting — a huge cast of con artists is hired to create a whole fake environment into which the unsuspecting mark walks and gets robbed over and over again .
A warehouse is converted into a makeshift casino or off - track betting parlor , the fool walks in with money , leaves without it .
The two key elements to the Dollar Store scam are the whiz - bang theatrical redecorating job and the fact that everyone is in on it except the mark .
In this case , a pair of investment banks were dressed up to look like commercial banks overnight , and it was the taxpayer who walked in and lost his shirt , confused by the appearance of what looked like real Federal Reserve officials minding the store .
Less than a week after the AIG bailout , Goldman and another investment bank , Morgan Stanley , applied for , and received , federal permission to become bank holding companies — a move that would make them eligible for much greater federal support .
The stock prices of both firms were cratering , and there was talk that either or both might go the way of Lehman Brothers , another once - mighty investment bank that just a week earlier had disappeared from the face of the earth under the weight of its toxic assets .
By law , a five - day waiting period was required for such a conversion — but the two banks got them overnight , with final approval actually coming only five days after the AIG bailout .
Why did they need those federal bank charters ?
This question is the key to understanding the entire bailout era — because this Dollar Store scam was the big one .
Institutions that were , in reality , high - risk gambling houses were allowed to masquerade as conservative commercial banks .
As a result of this new designation , they were given access to a virtually endless tap of " free money " by unsuspecting taxpayers .
The $ 10 billion that Goldman received under the better - known TARP bailout was chump change in comparison to the smorgasbord of direct and indirect aid it qualified for as a commercial bank .
When Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley got their federal bank charters , they joined Bank of America , Citigroup , J.P. Morgan Chase and the other banking titans who could go to the Fed and borrow massive amounts of money at interest rates that , thanks to the aggressive rate - cutting policies of Fed chief Ben Bernanke during the crisis , soon sank to zero percent .
The ability to go to the Fed and borrow big at next to no interest was what saved Goldman , Morgan Stanley and other banks from death in the fall of 2008 .
" They had no other way to raise capital at that moment , meaning they were on the brink of insolvency , " says Nomi Prins , a former managing director at Goldman Sachs .
" The Fed was the only shot . "
In fact , the Fed became not just a source of emergency borrowing that enabled Goldman and Morgan Stanley to stave off disaster — it became a source of long - term guaranteed income .
Borrowing at zero percent interest , banks like Goldman now had virtually infinite ways to make money .
In one of the most common maneuvers , they simply took the money they borrowed from the government at zero percent and lent it back to the government by buying Treasury bills that paid interest of three or four percent .
It was basically a license to print money — no different than attaching an ATM to the side of the Federal Reserve .
" You 're borrowing at zero , putting it out there at two or three percent , with hundreds of billions of dollars — man , you can make a lot of money that way , " says the manager of one prominent hedge fund .
" It 's free money . "
Which goes a long way to explaining Goldman 's enormous profits last year .
But all that free money was amplified by another scam :
CON # 3 THE PIG IN THE POKE
At one point or another , pretty much everyone who takes drugs has been burned by this one , also known as the " Rocks in the Box " scam or , in its more elaborate variations , the " Jamaican Switch . "
Someone sells you what looks like an eightball of coke in a baggie , you get home and , you dumbass , it 's baby powder .
The scam 's name comes from the Middle Ages , when some fool would be sold a bound and gagged pig that he would see being put into a bag ; he'd miss the switch , then get home and find a tied - up cat in there instead .
Hence the expression " Do n't let the cat out of the bag . "
The " Pig in the Poke " scam is another key to the entire bailout era .
After the crash of the housing bubble — the largest asset bubble in history — the economy was suddenly flooded with securities backed by failing or near - failing home loans .
In the cleanup phase after that bubble burst , the whole game was to get taxpayers , clients and shareholders to buy these worthless cats , but at pig prices .
One of the first times we saw the scam appear was in September 2008 , right around the time that AIG was imploding .
That was when the Fed changed some of its collateral rules , meaning banks that could once borrow only against sound collateral , like Treasury bills or AAA - rated corporate bonds , could now borrow against pretty much anything — including some of the mortgage - backed sewage that got us into this mess in the first place .
In other words , banks that once had to show a real pig to borrow from the Fed could now show up with a cat and get pig money .
" All of a sudden , banks were allowed to post absolute shit to the Fed 's balance sheet , " says the manager of the prominent hedge fund .
The Fed spelled it out on September 14th , 2008 , when it changed the collateral rules for one of its first bailout facilities — the Primary Dealer Credit Facility , or PDCF .
The Fed 's own write - up described the changes : " With the Fed 's action , all the kinds of collateral then in use . . . including non-investment - grade securities and equities . . . became eligible for pledge in the PDCF . "
Translation :
We now accept cats .
The Pig in the Poke also came into play in April of last year , when Congress pushed a little - known agency called the Financial Accounting Standards Board , or FASB , to change the so - called " mark - to - market " accounting rules .
Until this rule change , banks had to assign a real - market price to all of their assets .
If they had a balance sheet full of securities they had bought at $ 3 that were now only worth $ 1 , they had to figure their year - end accounting using that $ 1 value .
In other words , if you were the dope who bought a cat instead of a pig , you could n't invite your shareholders to a slate of pork dinners come year - end accounting time .
But last April , FASB changed all that .
From now on , it announced , banks could avoid reporting losses on some of their crappy cat investments simply by declaring that they would " more likely than not " hold on to them until they recovered their pig value .
In short , the banks did n't even have to actually hold on to the toxic shit they owned — they just had to sort of promise to hold on to it .
That 's why the " profit " numbers of a lot of these banks are really a joke .
In many cases , we have absolutely no idea how many cats are in their proverbial bag .
What they call " profits " might really be profits , only minus undeclared millions or billions in losses .
" They 're hiding all this stuff from their shareholders , " says Ritholtz , who was disgusted that the banks lobbied for the rule changes .
" Now , suddenly banks that were happy to mark to market on the way up do n't have to mark to market on the way down . "
CON # 4 THE RUMANIAN BOX
One of the great innovations of Victor Lustig , the legendary Depression - era con man who wrote the famous " Ten Commandments for Con Men , " was a thing called the " Rumanian Box . "
This was a little machine that a mark would put a blank piece of paper into , only to see real currency come out the other side .
The brilliant Lustig sold this Rumanian Box over and over again for vast sums — but he 's been outdone by the modern barons of Wall Street , who managed to get themselves a real Rumanian Box .
How they accomplished this is a story that by itself highlights the challenge of placing this era in any kind of historical context of known financial crime .
What the banks did was something that was never — and never could have been — thought of before .
They took so much money from the government , and then did so little with it , that the state was forced to start printing new cash to throw at them .
Even the great Lustig in his wildest , horniest dreams could never have dreamed up this one .
The setup :
By early 2009 , the banks had already replenished themselves with billions if not trillions in bailout money .
It was n't just the $ 700 billion in TARP cash , the free money provided by the Fed , and the untold losses obscured by accounting tricks .
Another new rule allowed banks to collect interest on the cash they were required by law to keep in reserve accounts at the Fed — meaning the state was now compensating the banks simply for guaranteeing their own solvency .
And a new federal operation called the Temporary Liquidity Guarantee Program let insolvent and near - insolvent banks dispense with their deservedly ruined credit profiles and borrow on a clean slate , with FDIC backing .
Goldman borrowed $ 29 billion on the government 's good name , J.P. Morgan Chase $ 38 billion , and Bank of America $ 44 billion .
" TLGP , " says Prins , the former Goldman manager , " was a big one . "
Collectively , all this largesse was worth trillions .
The idea behind the flood of money , from the government 's standpoint , was to spark a national recovery :
We refill the banks ' balance sheets , and they , in turn , start to lend money again , recharging the economy and producing jobs .
" The banks were fast approaching insolvency , " says Rep. Paul Kanjorski , a vocal critic of Wall Street who nevertheless defends the initial decision to bail out the banks .
" It was vitally important that we recapitalize these institutions . "
But here 's the thing .
Despite all these trillions in government rescues , despite the Fed slashing interest rates down to nothing and showering the banks with mountains of guarantees , Goldman and its friends had still not jump - started lending again by the first quarter of 2009 .
That 's where those nuclear - powered balls of Lloyd Blankfein came into play , as Goldman and other banks basically threatened to pick up their bailout billions and go home if the government did n't fork over more cash — a lot more .
" Even if the Fed could make interest rates negative , that would n't necessarily help , " warned Goldman 's chief domestic economist , Jan Hatzius .
" We 're in a deep recession mainly because the private sector , for a variety of reasons , has decided to save a lot more . "
Translation :
You can lower interest rates all you want , but we 're still not fucking lending the bailout money to anyone in this economy .
Until the government agreed to hand over even more goodies , the banks opted to join the rest of the " private sector " and " save " the taxpayer aid they had received — in the form of bonuses and compensation .
The ploy worked .
In March of last year , the Fed sharply expanded a radical new program called quantitative easing , which effectively operated as a real - live Rumanian Box .
The government put stacks of paper in one side , and out came $ 1.2 trillion " real " dollars .
The government used some of that freshly printed money to prop itself up by purchasing Treasury bonds — a desperation move , since Washington 's demand for cash was so great post - Clusterfuck '08 that even the Chinese could n't buy U.S. debt fast enough to keep America afloat .
But the Fed used most of the new cash to buy mortgage - backed securities in an effort to spur home lending — instantly creating a massive market for major banks .
And what did the banks do with the proceeds ?
Among other things , they bought Treasury bonds , essentially lending the money back to the government , at interest .
The money that came out of the magic Rumanian Box went from the government back to the government , with Wall Street stepping into the circle just long enough to get paid .
And once quantitative easing ends , as it is scheduled to do in March , the flow of money for home loans will once again grind to a halt .
The Mortgage Bankers Association expects the number of new residential mortgages to plunge by 40 percent this year .
CON #5 THE BIG MITT
All of that Rumanian box paper was made even more valuable by running it through the next stage of the grift .
Michael Masters , one of the country 's leading experts on commodities trading , compares this part of the scam to the poker game in the Bill Murray comedy Stripes .
" It 's like that scene where John Candy leans over to the guy who 's new at poker and says , ' Let me see your cards , ' then starts giving him advice , " Masters says .
" He looks at the hand , and the guy has bad cards , and he 's like , ' Bluff me , come on !
If it were me , I 'd bet everything ! '
That 's what it 's like .
It 's like they 're looking at your cards as they give you advice . "
In more ways than one can count , the economy in the bailout era turned into a " Big Mitt , " the con man 's name for a rigged poker game .
Everybody was indeed looking at everyone else 's cards , in many cases with state sanction .
Only taxpayers and clients were left out of the loop .
At the same time the Fed and the Treasury were making massive , earthshaking moves like quantitative easing and TARP , they were also consulting regularly with private advisory boards that include every major player on Wall Street .
The Treasury Borrowing Advisory Committee has a J.P. Morgan executive as its chairman and a Goldman executive as its vice chairman , while the board advising the Fed includes bankers from Capital One and Bank of New York Mellon .
That means that , in addition to getting great gobs of free money , the banks were also getting clear signals about when they were getting that money , making it possible to position themselves to make the appropriate investments .
One of the best examples of the banks blatantly gambling , and winning , on government moves was the Public - Private Investment Program , or PPIP .
In this bizarre scheme cooked up by goofball - geek Treasury Secretary Tim Geithner , the government loaned money to hedge funds and other private investors to buy up the absolutely most toxic horseshit on the market — the same kind of high - risk , high - yield mortgages that were most responsible for triggering the financial chain reaction in the fall of 2008 .
These satanic deals were the basic currency of the bubble : Jobless dope fiends bought houses with no money down , and the big banks wrapped those mortgages into securities and then sold them off to pensions and other suckers as investment - grade deals .
The whole point of the PPIP was to get private investors to relieve the banks of these dangerous assets before they hurt any more innocent bystanders .
But what did the banks do instead , once they got wind of the PPIP ?
They started buying that worthless crap again , presumably to sell back to the government at inflated prices !
In the third quarter of last year , Goldman , Morgan Stanley , Citigroup and Bank of America combined to add $ 3.36 billion of exactly this horseshit to their balance sheets .
This brazen decision to gouge the taxpayer startled even hardened market observers .
According to Michael Schlachter of the investment firm Wilshire Associates , it was " absolutely ridiculous " that the banks that were supposed to be reducing their exposure to these volatile instruments were instead loading up on them in order to make a quick buck .
" Some of them created this mess , " he said , " and they are making a killing undoing it . "
CON #6 THE WIRE
Here 's the thing about our current economy .
When Goldman and Morgan Stanley transformed overnight from investment banks into commercial banks , we were told this would mean a new era of " significantly tighter regulations and much closer supervision by bank examiners , " as The New York Times put it the very next day .
In reality , however , the conversion of Goldman and Morgan Stanley simply completed the dangerous concentration of power and wealth that began in 1999 , when Congress repealed the Glass - Steagall Act — the Depression - era law that had prevented the merger of insurance firms , commercial banks and investment houses .
Wall Street and the government became one giant dope house , where a few major players share valuable information between conflicted departments the way junkies share needles .
One of the most common practices is a thing called front - running , which is really no different from the old " Wire " con , another scam popularized in The Sting .
But instead of intercepting a telegraph wire in order to bet on racetrack results ahead of the crowd , what Wall Street does is make bets ahead of valuable information they obtain in the course of everyday business .
Say you 're working for the commodities desk of a big investment bank , and a major client — a pension fund , perhaps — calls you up and asks you to buy a billion dollars of oil futures for them .
Once you place that huge order , the price of those futures is almost guaranteed to go up .
If the guy in charge of asset management a few desks down from you somehow finds out about that , he can make a fortune for the bank by betting ahead of that client of yours .
The deal would be instantaneous and undetectable , and it would offer huge profits .
Your own client would lose money , of course — he 'd end up paying a higher price for the oil futures he ordered , because you would have driven up the price .
But that does n't keep banks from screwing their own customers in this very way .
The scam is so blatant that Goldman Sachs actually warns its clients that something along these lines might happen to them .
In the disclosure section at the back of a research paper the bank issued on January 15th , Goldman advises clients to buy some dubious high - yield bonds while admitting that the bank itself may bet against those same shitty bonds .
" Our salespeople , traders and other professionals may provide oral or written market commentary or trading strategies to our clients and our proprietary trading desks that reflect opinions that are contrary to the opinions expressed in this research , " the disclosure reads .
" Our asset - management area , our proprietary - trading desks and investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views expressed in this research . "
Banks like Goldman admit this stuff openly , despite the fact that there are securities laws that require banks to engage in " fair dealing with customers " and prohibit analysts from issuing opinions that are at odds with what they really think .
And yet here they are , saying flat - out that they may be issuing an opinion at odds with what they really think .
To help them screw their own clients , the major investment banks employ high - speed computer programs that can glimpse orders from investors before the deals are processed and then make trades on behalf of the banks at speeds of fractions of a second .
None of them will admit it , but everybody knows what this computerized trading — known as " flash trading " — really is .
" Flash trading is nothing more than computerized front - running , " says the prominent hedge - fund manager .
The SEC voted to ban flash trading in September , but five months later it has yet to issue a regulation to put a stop to the practice .
Over the summer , Goldman suffered an embarrassment on that score when one of its employees , a Russian named Sergey Aleynikov , allegedly stole the bank 's computerized trading code .
In a court proceeding after Aleynikov 's arrest , Assistant U.S. Attorney Joseph Facciponti reported that " the bank has raised the possibility that there is a danger that somebody who knew how to use this program could use it to manipulate markets in unfair ways . "
Six months after a federal prosecutor admitted in open court that the Goldman trading program could be used to unfairly manipulate markets , the bank released its annual numbers .
Among the notable details was the fact that a staggering 76 percent of its revenue came from trading , both for its clients and for its own account .
" That is much , much higher than any other bank , " says Prins , the former Goldman managing director .
" If I were a client and I saw that they were making this much money from trading , I would question how badly I was getting screwed . "
Why big institutional investors like pension funds continually come to Wall Street to get raped is the million - dollar question that many experienced observers puzzle over .
Goldman 's own explanation for this phenomenon is comedy of the highest order .
In testimony before a government panel in January , Blankfein was confronted about his firm 's practice of betting against the same sorts of investments it sells to clients .
His response : " These are the professional investors who want this exposure . "
In other words , our clients are big boys , so screw 'em if they 're dumb enough to take the sucker bets I 'm offering .
CON # 7 THE RELOAD
Not many con men are good enough or brazen enough to con the same victim twice in a row , but the few who try have a name for this excellent sport : reloading .
The usual way to reload on a repeat victim ( called an " addict " in grifter parlance ) is to rope him into trying to get back the money he just lost .
This is exactly what started to happen late last year .
It 's important to remember that the housing bubble itself was a classic confidence game — the Ponzi scheme .
The Ponzi scheme is any scam in which old investors must be continually paid off with money from new investors to keep up what appear to be high rates of investment return .
Residential housing was never as valuable as it seemed during the bubble ; the soaring home values were instead a reflection of a continual upward rush of new investors in mortgage - backed securities , a rush that finally collapsed in 2008 .
But by the end of 2009 , the unimaginable was happening :
The bubble was re-inflating .
A bailout policy that was designed to help us get out from under the bursting of the largest asset bubble in history inadvertently produced exactly the opposite result , as all that government - fueled capital suddenly began flowing into the most dangerous and destructive investments all over again .
Wall Street was going for the reload .
A lot of this was the government 's own fault , of course .
By slashing interest rates to zero and flooding the market with money , the Fed was replicating the historic mistake that Alan Greenspan had made not once , but twice , before the tech bubble in the early 1990s and before the housing bubble in the early 2000s .
By making sure that traditionally safe investments like CDs and savings accounts earned basically nothing , thanks to rock - bottom interest rates , investors were forced to go elsewhere to search for moneymaking opportunities .
Now we 're in the same situation all over again , only far worse .
Wall Street is flooded with government money , and interest rates that are not just low but flat are pushing investors to seek out more " creative " opportunities .
( It 's " Greenspan times 10 , " jokes one hedge - fund trader . )
Some of that money could be put to use on Main Street , of course , backing the efforts of investment - worthy entrepreneurs .
But that 's not what our modern Wall Street is built to do .
" They do n't seem to want to lend to small and medium - sized business , " says Rep. Brad Sherman , who serves on the House Financial Services Committee .
" What they want to invest in is marketable securities .
And the definition of small and medium - sized businesses , for the most part , is that they do n't have marketable securities .
They have bank loans . "
In other words , unless you 're dealing with the stock of a major , publicly traded company , or a giant pile of home mortgages , or the bonds of a large corporation , or a foreign currency , or oil futures , or some country 's debt , or anything else that can be rapidly traded back and forth in huge numbers , factory - style , by big banks , you 're not really on Wall Street 's radar .
So with small business out of the picture , and the safe stuff not worth looking at thanks to the Fed 's low interest rates , where did Wall Street go ?
Right back into the shit that got us here .
One trader , who asked not to be identified , recounts a story of what happened with his hedge fund this past fall .
His firm wanted to short — that is , bet against — all the crap toxic bonds that were suddenly in vogue again .
The fund 's analysts had examined the fundamentals of these instruments and concluded that they were absolutely not good investments .
So they took a short position .
One month passed , and they lost money .
Another month passed — same thing .
Finally , the trader just shrugged and decided to change course and buy .
" I said , ' Fuck it , let 's make some money , ' " he recalls .
" I absolutely did not believe in the fundamentals of any of this stuff .
However , I can get on the bandwagon , just so long as I know when to jump out of the car before it goes off the damn cliff ! "
This is the very definition of bubble economics — betting on crowd behavior instead of on fundamentals .
It 's old investors betting on the arrival of new ones , with the value of the underlying thing itself being irrelevant .
And this behavior is being driven , no surprise , by the biggest firms on Wall Street .
The research report published by Goldman Sachs on January 15th underlines this sort of thinking .
Goldman issued a strong recommendation to buy exactly the sort of high - yield toxic crap our hedge - fund guy was , by then , driving rapidly toward the cliff .
" Summarizing our views , " the bank wrote , " we expect robust flows . . . to dominate fundamentals . "
In other words :
This stuff is crap , but everyone 's buying it in an awfully robust way , so you should too .
Just like tech stocks in 1999 , and mortgage - backed securities in 2006 .
To sum up , this is what Lloyd Blankfein meant by " performance " :
Take massive sums of money from the government , sit on it until the government starts printing trillions of dollars in a desperate attempt to restart the economy , buy even more toxic assets to sell back to the government at inflated prices — and then , when all else fails , start driving us all toward the cliff again with a frank and open endorsement of bubble economics .
I mean , shit — who would n't deserve billions in bonuses for doing all that ?
Con artists have a word for the inability of their victims to accept that they 've been scammed .
They call it the " True Believer Syndrome . "
That 's sort of where we are , in a state of nagging disbelief about the real problem on Wall Street .
It is n't so much that we have inadequate rules or incompetent regulators , although both of these things are certainly true .
The real problem is that it does n't matter what regulations are in place if the people running the economy are rip - off artists .
The system assumes a certain minimum level of ethical behavior and civic instinct over and above what is spelled out by the regulations .
If those ethics are absent — well , this thing is n't going to work , no matter what we do .
Sure , mugging old ladies is against the law , but it 's also easy .
To prevent it , we depend , for the most part , not on cops but on people making the conscious decision not to do it .
That 's why the biggest gift the bankers got in the bailout was not fiscal but psychological .
" The most valuable part of the bailout , " says Rep. Sherman , " was the implicit guarantee that they 're Too Big to Fail . "
Instead of liquidating and prosecuting the insolvent institutions that took us all down with them in a giant Ponzi scheme , we have showered them with money and guarantees and all sorts of other enabling gestures .
And what should really freak everyone out is the fact that Wall Street immediately started skimming off its own rescue money .
If the bailouts validated anew the crooked psychology of the bubble , the recent profit and bonus numbers show that the same psychology is back , thriving , and looking for new disasters to create .
" It 's evidence , " says Rep. Kanjorski , " that they still do n't get it . "
More to the point , the fact that we have n't done much of anything to change the rules and behavior of Wall Street shows that we still do n't get it .
Instituting a bailout policy that stressed recapitalizing bad banks was like the addict coming back to the con man to get his lost money back .
Ask yourself how well that ever works out .
And then get ready for the reload .
[ From Issue 1099 — March 4 , 2010 ]
But it remains unclear how much leverage the House will have in negotiations given that Senate Democrats cannot spare a single vote without jeopardizing the bill ’s chances .
The White House will also have a big role in the final product .
The House speaker , Nancy Pelosi , met Tuesday with her top lieutenants and the three committee chairmen directly responsible for the health care bill , as they prepared for negotiations to begin in earnest this week ...
After the meeting at the Capitol , House Democrats said they would push the Senate to provide more generous subsidies to help moderate - income Americans buy insurance , but expressed willingness to drop the idea of a government - run health plan .
The House bill includes a government - run health insurance plan , or public option , to compete with private insurers .
The public option was dropped from the Senate bill after centrist Democrats said they would oppose any measure that included it .
House Democrats said they could live without the public option provided that they had sufficient guarantees that other steps would be taken to increase options for consumers and to tighten the clamp on any abuses by private insurance companies .
Representative Chris Van Hollen , Democrat of Maryland and a member of the House leadership , said some of his colleagues would press to end the insurance industry ’s exemption from federal antitrust laws , a step strongly opposed by [ former Insurance Industry exec and complete shill for the industry ]
Senator Ben Nelson , Democrat of Nebraska , who has said he would oppose the bill if the House made any changes that he did not like .
Last night President Obama sat down with congressional Democrats and gave them the bad news : despite cutting the GOP obstructionists out of the process entirely , the health care reform bill is n't going to get any better in the home stretch .
In a meeting with Speaker Nancy Pelosi , House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Senate Whip Durbin ( the last 2 by phone ) , Obama -- who has kinda / sorta stayed out of the nitty gritty of the legislation so far -- made it clear that he 's in charge from now on .
That is n't good news for anyone who thought they were voting for Hope and Change when they pulled the lever for Obama last November .
For one , he 's going with the regressive financing the Senate picked -- taxing the misnamed " Cadillac plans " -- instead of with the House 's plan to tax the multimillionaires who made out like bandits during the Bush years .
He seems more interested that a bill pass before his State of the Union address than making the bill more useful for the hard - pressed Americans who elected him .
The Beltway Stenography Service adds " Obama also responded to Pelosi ’s strong , repeated pitches for the public option by making it clear that , while he supports the proposal , he does n’t think it is doable ...
The markers Obama laid down -- doubts about the public option and a call for a Cadillac tax -- indicate that the president is favoring the Senate ’s more conservative approach , which is not surprising considering the political realities .
Passing reform is now a numbers game -- 60 and 218 .
Pelosi has votes to spare .
Reid does not .
" I spoke with Rep. Donna Edwards ( D - MD ) on the phone the other day and she felt the best deal progressives could get -- " we 'll be doing health care reform next year and the following year and after that , " she predicted -- would be better affordability ( i.e. , more generous subsidies ) .
Pelosi , who seems a little disgruntled with Obama , is still telling House members she can make the bill better in the ping - pong tournament the process has now become .
Labels : health care reform
Why the media silence on the Flight 253 bombing hearings ?
By Alex Lantier
10 February 2010
The media ’s failure to report the January 27 Congressional hearings on last Christmas ’s Flight 253 bomb plot is both extraordinary and ominous .
The hearings made the explosive revelation that US intelligence agencies acted to help the bomber , Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , gain access to the plane .
Amid the press attention immediately after Abdulmutallab ’s arrest , it soon emerged that US agencies had had ample warning of the plot .
Abdulmutallab ’s father — a banker who had held minister - level office in Nigeria — told US officials in November that his son was influenced by radical Islam , had traveled to Yemen , and might become a terrorist .
The same month , US spy agencies monitoring Al Qaeda operatives in Yemen had learned that “ Umar Farouk ” had volunteered for terrorist acts .
Nonetheless , US authorities did not put Abdulmutallab on a no - fly list or flag him for special searches — even after he paid for a ticket in cash and tried to board the plane without showing a passport .
President Obama , congressmen and the media absurdly claimed that US intelligence had not stopped the attack because it failed to “ connect the dots ” between such pieces of information and realize that Abdulmutallab in fact could pose a threat .
The January 27 hearing went even further in exploding the official explanation given by the government and media .
( See “ Congressional hearing reveals US intelligence agencies shielded Flight 253 bomber ” ) .
Under questioning about US visa policy , State Department Under - Secretary Patrick Kennedy said : “ We will revoke the visa of any individual who is a threat to the United States , but we do take one preliminary step .
We ask our law enforcement and intelligence community partners , ‘ Do you have eyes on this person and do you want us to let this person proceed under your surveillance so that you may potentially break a larger plot ?’ ...
And one of the members [ of the intelligence community ] — and we ’d be glad to give you that out of — in private — said , ‘ Please , do not revoke this visa .
We have eyes on this person . ’ ”
This unnamed US agency endangered the lives of hundreds of passengers , and more potential victims of flying debris on the ground .
All three officials testifying — Kennedy , National Counter - Terrorism Center Director Michael Leiter , and Department of Homeland Security Deputy Director Jane Lute — said their agencies would take no disciplinary action over the Flight 253 events .
The hearing was reported in a brief January 27 article in the Detroit News , headlined , “ Terror Suspect Kept Visa to Avoid Tipping Off Larger Investigation . ”
The News wrote : “ The State Department did n’t revoke the visa of foiled terrorism suspect Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab because federal counterterrorism officials had begged off revocation , a top State Department official revealed Wednesday . ”
This article , published by one of the leading newspapers covering the aftermath of Flight 253 , has not been challenged or retracted .
Instead , it has been ignored .
While there have been Congressional hearings involving leading figures in the US intelligence apparatus since January 27 , Kennedy ’s statements have not been raised in questioning .
Why is the media still saying nothing about the hearings ?
Major press covered Congressional hearings on the Flight 253 attack extensively as they began .
The New York Times ran a sympathetic January 16 article on Leiter — “ For Antiterror Chief , a Rough Week Ahead as Hearings Begin ” — praising him as “ extremely bright . ”
It suggested Leiter ’s agency struggled to keep track of different watch list systems .
On January 20 , Washington news web site Talking Points Memo wrote : “ As three separate Senate committees today hold hearings on the failed Christmas attack over Detroit , watch for Republicans to take the opportunity to ramp up their criticism of the Obama Administration . ”
In fact , the Republican Party has been conspicuously silent since .
Immediately after the bombing , former Vice President Dick Cheney attacked the Obama administration and nearly accused it of treason : “ We are at war , and when President Obama pretends we are n’t , it makes us less safe . ”
However , after it became clear that US intelligence agencies were involved , Cheney has made no public criticisms of the White House ’s handling of the issue .
The blackout is a devastating exposure of the state of US politics .
If events do not fit the concocted “ connect - the - dots ” script , the political establishment treats them , in Orwellian style , as if they had never happened .
This , in turn , further strengthens the power of the national - security apparatus inside the state , as it learns that it can plan operations risking mass deaths with impunity .
Washington proceeds in this manner to advance fundamental state interests : in protecting the “ connect - the - dots ” lie , it is trying to shield the credibility of the entire so - called “ war on terror . ”
This “ war ” relied on the claim that the only defense against a new September 11 - type attack was giving the US national security apparatus carte blanche for an unpopular policy of preemptive wars , domestic spying , and other attacks on democratic rights .
In earlier times , intelligence agencies had been known as the “ department of dirty tricks . ”
However , US media treated their stunning lapses before September 11 as simply the product of honest mistakes or technical problems .
The Flight 253 hearings threatened to suggest the truth to masses of people : giving intelligence agencies free rein is extremely dangerous , both on the levels of personal security and of politics .
This truth was , moreover , implicit in the US government ’s unclear role in the September 11 events themselves .
In 2005 , the New York Times published material on the Able Danger military intelligence unit .
These revelations included confirmation of overseas reports that , as in Abdulmutallab ’s case , the US had identified 9/11 operational leader Mohammed Atta before he entered the US on a visa in 2000 .
The World Socialist Web Site noted at the time : “ How Atta was able to enter and re-enter the country on multiple occasions over the next year , enroll in flight school , and use credit cards and bank accounts in his real name , despite being a known Al Qaeda operative , has never been explained . ”
Amid the toxic political atmosphere that swept the ruling class after September 11 , 2001 and the invasion of Iraq , General Tommy Franks described in a November 2003 interview how he saw the security establishment ’s response to another attack leading to military rule .
Franks said : “ [ It is ] a terrorist , massive , casualty - producing event somewhere in the Western world — it may be in the United States of America — that causes our population to question our own Constitution and to begin to militarize our country in order to avoid a repeat of another mass , casualty - producing event .
Which in fact , then begins to unravel the fabric of our Constitution .
... [ T ]he Western world , the free world , loses what it cherishes most , and that is freedom and liberty we ’ve seen for a couple of hundred years in this grand experiment that we call democracy . ”
Just the year before , the Bush administration had set up the Northern Command , to supervise military operations inside the US .
In 2005 , the Washington Post revealed that the US military was running so - called Vital Archer exercises involving US troops to “ take charge ” after a large - scale terrorist attack in the US .
In the days after the Flight 253 bombing , the World Socialist Web Site commented : “ If this episode is to be examined seriously , the question must be asked :
What would have happened had Northwest Flight 253 been destroyed ?
There is no question but that such a catastrophe would have had immense repercussions both internationally and within the United States .
It would have seriously destabilized the Obama administration , politically strengthened the most extreme right - wing sections of the ruling class , and cleared the way for an even more massive expansion of military - intelligence operations overseas and a drastic curtailing of democratic rights at home . ”
In keeping silent under such conditions , the mass media are helping to facilitate more anti-democratic plots .
Under heavy criticism for underperforming at the Vancouver Games , the Canadian men's short - track team responded on the final night of competition at the Pacific Coliseum with gold and bronze in the 500 metres and gold in the 5,000 relay .
Charles Hamelin won the men's 500 and François - Louis Tremblay was third in the race Friday night .
The two then came back about an hour later with François Hamelin and Olivier Jean of Lachenaie , Que. , to win the relay .
" My goal was to bring back home one individual medal and one team medal , " said Charles Hamelin .
" Two gold is the best I could have dreamed of .
" To do it with my brother in the relay is incredible . "
The results give Canada 10 gold medals in Vancouver — the first country to reach the total — and push its overall count to 21 medals .
" What we had hoped for was an exceptional day , " said Yves Hamelin , short - track team leader and father of Charles and François .
" To have results like that , all the planets have to be aligned .
There are often unplanned things that happen in short - track .
But today it was our turn and we had good races . "
The 500 gold - medal final was up for grabs when a crash occurred in the final turn , with Sung Si-Bak of South Korea and Montreal 's Tremblay sent crashing .
Hamelin hung on to his balance and crossed in first ahead of Apolo Ohno of the United States .
Ohno was disqualified after the judges conferred , charged with knocking Tremblay away .
Sung captured silver .
" It was a weird finish , " Hamelin said , " but a good result . "
Hamelin , of Sainte - Julie , Que. , had endured personal disappointment in the 1,000 and 1,500 races earlier in the Games , failing to reach the podium despite high expectations .
But in one night 's work , he became the first Canadian man to win multiple medals at the Vancouver Games .
The 25 - year - old crossed in 40.981 seconds in the 500 .
He was quickly embraced by girlfriend Marianne St - Gelais , who has won two short - track silver medals in Vancouver .
Long - track speedskater Kristina Groves of Ottawa has also earned silver and bronze for Canada .
Tremblay won silver in the 500 at the 2006 Torino Games and was also part of the silver - medal relay team in Italy , as was Hamelin .
Canada breaks Korean domination
Hamelin's win prevented a sweep of the individual men's events by the South Koreans .
In the relay , Canada took the lead from China just over 3½ minutes into the race and Hamelin extended the lead with about 10 laps to go .
Canada crossed in a time of six minutes 44.224 seconds .
South Korea took silver , with Ohno winning his eighth Winter Olympic medal as U.S. took bronze .
Kalyna Roberge of Montreal and Calgary 's Jessica Gregg were eliminated in the semis in the women 's 1,000 metres , with veteran Tania Vicent of Laval , Que. , disqualified in the quarter - final heat .
Vicent won a fourth career Olympic medal in the women 's relay Wednesday with Roberge , Gregg and St - Gelais , who hails from Saint - Félicien , Que .
Wang Meng of China went on to her third gold medal in Vancouver , taking the women 's 1,000 metres in 1:29.213 seconds .
Katherine Reutter of the United States captured silver , with Park Seung - Hi of South Korea claiming the bronze .
Wang now has six career Olympic medals after taking 500 gold and two silver at the Torino Games four years ago .
EXCHANGE TRAFFIC | TOP REFERRALS | PRIVACY POLICY Copyright 2006 pcgame4fun.com free online games
Notice of Copyright and Disclaimer : Games are copyright to their respective Authors / Owners , pcgame4 fun.com does not take responsibility for any of the featured content , nor ownership of any of featured flash games or images .
Also , pcgame4fun.com cannot be held liable for any damage caused by playing games hosted on this website .
This collection of free flash games is provided as freeware , public domain or open source .
Please contact us at pcgame4fun @ gmail.com if you find a flash game that does not fall into any of the above mentioned categories and we will promptly remove it .
" Even though Thailand and the UAE do not have an extradition treaty , the UAE has expressed the willingness to do favours if Thailand asks in future , " the judge said , fuelling speculation that the UAE will return the " favour " and extradite Mr Thaksin to face a two - year prison sentence for abuse of power .
Some of the root server operators post public statistics for their domain name traffic at the top - level .
For example , the graph ( which can take a bit of time to generate , given ICANN 's slow servers ) for the L - root server 's most popular Top - Level Domain ( TLD ) queries demonstrates , to no one 's surprise , that .com is king .
What 's more interesting , though , especially given the new generic Top - Level Domain ( gTLD ) debate , is to look at the most popular invalid ( non-existent ) TLDs .
This list will vary depending on caching and the geographical location of the root server , but for the L- root , .local , . belkin , .home , .lan , .invalid .domain , .localdomain , .wpad , .corp , .maps , .html , .router , .host , .mshome , .htm and so on show popularity in the past week .
Given what transpired with the wildcarding of .cm , and the current lack of a prohibition of wildcarding for new gTLDs ( despite our own input into the public comment periods ) , it 's clear that these TLDs will be in demand by those who hope to take advantage of the built - in DNS traffic hardcoded into routers , LANs and other private networks , and from typos of existing TLDs .
I recommend that the Security and Stability Advisory Committee compile statistics on invalid TLD queries across all root servers , and from popular ISP - run DNS servers , in order to create a Reserve List .
The list of at least the top 1000 invalid TLDs should be made public to ensure transparency , and be pruned only with the consensus support of the community .
Sheikh Issa al - Nahyan 's lawyer said he had been drugged A member of the ruling family of the United Arab Emirates has been cleared of the torture of a business associate .
Lawyers for Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al - Nahyan , the president 's brother , said the court ruled he had been drugged and so was " unaware of his actions " .
The incident came to light when a videotape was circulated showing the violent beating , said to have taken place in 2004 .
It was the first reported investigation of a UAE ruling family member .
His lawyer , Habib al - Mulla , said the ruling had " clarified Sheikh Issa 's position that he was a victim of conspiracy " over the torture of Mohammed Shah Poor .
" At the same time , it 's proven justice to Mohammed Shah Poor and it showed who were the actual people who were behind whole saga , " Reuters quoted Mr Mulla as saying .
He said the court had " accepted our defence that the sheikh was under the influence of drugs that left him unaware of his actions , " the AFP news agency reported .
The defence had previously claimed Sheikk Issa had been drugged by two men - American - Lebanese brothers Ghassan and Bassam Nabulsi - who recorded the beating in order to blackmail him .
The video showed a man shooting the ground near the sitting victim The Nabulsi brothers were sentenced in their absence to five years in prison for drugging Sheikh Hassan and fined 10,000 dirham ( $ 2,723 : £ 1,700 ) .
Three other men were sentenced to between one and three years for their role in the torture .
' Equality sign '
The video , circulated last year , shows Sheikh Issa repeatedly beating Mr Poor , a grain merchant of Afghan origin , and running him over with a car .
Several other men assist in the tape , including one in a uniform of the security forces .
The incident came to light after US television network ABC broadcast clips of the tape , which was smuggled out of the UAE by a former business associate of Sheikh Issa bin Zayed al - Nahyan .
Reports say the merchant had lost a consignment of grain belonging to Sheikh Issa worth $ 5,000 ( £ 3,300 ) .
He survived the abuse , but needed extensive hospital treatment .
Mr Mulla said the fact the trial had taken place was " a sign that the UAE is showing that everyone in this country can be put in front of law and judged " .
The BBC's Christian Fraser in the region says the verdict will do little to satisfy those who have long criticised the Emirates abject human rights record .
They will argue it proves once again that the extended royal family and those Emiratis in positions of power are often above the rule of law , says our correspondent .
The UAE is a federation of seven wealthy emirates with substantial oil reserves and a large expatriate population .
Each emirate is run by a ruling family and citizens are granted few political rights .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
EXCLUSIVE : What ’s better than being really , really ridiculously good - looking like Zoolander ?
Being really , really ridiculously good - looking in the 2001 cult classic ’s sequel .
Finally , Paramount and Ben Stiller are pulling together a PG - 13 Zoolander 2 with Tropic Thunder and Iron Man 2 writer Justin Theroux who ’ll also direct .
I ’ve learned that Ben and Justin are working on the script together , and Theroux is going to Fashion Week in Paris to “ immerse himself on what is current in fashion ” .
“ It ’s got momentum , ” a studio source just told me .
Everyone ’s hoping Owen Wilson co-stars again but no deal is set .
The villain likely will be Jonah Hill who ’s in negotiations .
If you remember , Zoolander came out on September 28 , 2001 , right after 9/11 so no one ever saw the pic in theaters .
But it was a hot DVD and is still a bestseller on iTunes .
And when Ben Stiller goes overseas , he ’s always asked to do “ Blue Steel ” which is saying a lot about a movie that earned only $ 45 M domestic and $ 16 M international because of its lousy timing .
The problem is that no one ’s sure what the sequel can do because the original was so thwarted .
Paramount wants to keep the budget below $ 50 M so what ’s being discussed is some upfront reductions in exchange for bigger upsides .
And yet everyone still really wants to do the pic in order to bring Derek and Hanzel to life again .
One of engineering ’s most powerful capabilities is the improvement of existing systems through innovation — taking something that works and making it better , faster or cheaper .
Associate Professor Jacopo Buongiorno and his team at the Department of Nuclear Science and Engineering , in collaboration with Dr. Lin-wen Hu of the Nuclear Reactor Laboratory , provide a perfect example .
With support from donor Douglas Spreng , they are applying new materials science to the task of heat management in nuclear reactors , and making significant practical advances in reactor performance and economics .
Read the full feature on the Department of Nuclear Science and Engineering 's web site : http://web.mit.edu/nse/research/research_spotlight.html
Here 's a 22 - page PDF comic book that shows you how to pick locks .
The Credo of the Lock Picker :
You may only pick locks that you own , or
those to which you 've been given explicit
permission to pick by the rightful owner .
Locksport is an honest , ethical , and legitimate hobby .
Unfortunately , the whole
world has n't figured that out yet ( though we 're working on it ! ) .
Because the lay
person has a tendency to perceive what we do as somehow nefarious , it is extra
important that we commit to following a strict code of ethics .
For this reason ,
the above credo is non-negotiable in the locksport community .
Lock picking
should never , ever be used to illegal or even questionable purposes .
Please do not misuse this information .
We assume no responsibility for your
actions , and in no way condone immoral activity .
Help keep locksport fun for all
by following strictly the one rule .
Told your friends what time to arrive ?
Check .
Set the TiVo to record the big game ?
Check .
Cleaned the house ?
Check .
Prepared the food and drinks ?
Check .
While all of these are important , “ dusting off the folding - legs , flimsy card table ” should never be on your preparation list .
Game tables like the Hillsdale Ambassador Game Tables removes any excuse for not having an attractive , durable card table .
It features a dining surface on the flip - side of the leather - topped playing surface .
Browse our Hillsdale Game
Table section to view this game table along with some other great choices !
Presidential Election in Ukraine Moscow Is the Clear Winner
Favorite Viktor Yanukovich has won the first round of Ukraine 's presidential election , and now faces a run-off against Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko .
Both candidates appear confident of victory -- and raise Russian hopes for a rapprochement between the two countries .
SACRAMENTO , California ( Reuters ) - California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger proposed “ draconian ” spending cuts in his new state budget on Friday to help close a crippling shortfall of nearly $ 20 billion and warned new cash shortages loomed .
Arnold Schwarzenegger , governor of the state of California , gestures during a debate at the Climate Summit for Mayors at the Copenhagen City Hall December 16 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Scanpix / Anders Debel Hansen
In his final budget , the Republican governor declared a fiscal emergency to add urgency to the state budget process after a legislative impasse in 2009 that lasted over 100 days in the midst of recession .
The budget aims to close a $ 19.9 billion deficit over the next year and a half , relying mostly on spending cuts of $ 8.5 billion , which the governor called “ draconian , ” and $ 6.9 billion in federal funds .
The state will spend $ 82.9 billion in fiscal 2010 - 2011 , beginning in July .
Under the cuts , more than 200,000 children will lose eligibility for health insurance .
Prisoner health care , services for immigrants and in - home care , schools , and state aid to local public transportation would see funding slashed .
“ There is simply no conceivable way to avoid more cuts and more pain , ” said Schwarzenegger , in his last year in office as he is barred from seeking re-election due to term limits .
California , the largest economy of any U.S. state , is among those hardest hit by the housing crisis with one of the highest jobless rates of any U.S. state at 12.3 percent in December .
High unemployment has led to sharp drops in California ’s personal income tax revenue .
Other states are also clamoring for a new round of federal stimulus .
Few fell to California ’s level of desperation last year , when it issued IOUs .
Schwarzenegger also proposed state parks be funded through new oil drilling off the Santa Barbara coast , a controversial measure he previously put forward without success .
Failure to get federal funds would trigger $ 4.6 billion in additional cuts , including the outright elimination of the state ’s main welfare program , its in - home health services and inmate rehabilitation services not mandated by courts , according the budget plan .
“ You ’ve got to be kidding , ” said State Senate President Darrell Steinberg , describing the general reaction of Democrats to Schwarzenegger ’s proposals .
NO NEW TAXES , CASH FLOW LOW
The governor ruled out raising taxes and called for “ real reforms ” to the state ’s budget and tax systems .
“ If you compare it to an intersection it ’s like seeing people crashing into each other and never building a stop sign , never building a stoplight , ” said Schwarzenegger , who has been frustrated in many previous efforts at institutional change .
He said the state will face cash challenges in March but can repay debt as scheduled in May and June .
But by July , he sees “ substantial cash challenges ” without corrective action .
Investors found little comfort in the governor ’s plan .
Tom Tarabicos of Wells Fargo Financial Advisors said the plan was another reason to steer clear of California ’s debt .
“ You look at it and wonder how the heck they can remain investment grade , ” he said .
“ I just have a real strong feeling that there will be something bad happening , ” he added .
California has the lowest rated general obligation debt of any state , and debt markets did not react to the plan , the opening salvo in a long debate .
The budget must be approved by a two - thirds majority vote , a difficult requirement in a legislature with hardliners at both extremes of the political spectrum .
Democrats , who control the legislature , rebuked the governor for pushing for cuts in health and human services spending , saying they would be harsh and unnecessary and urged Schwarzenegger to consider increasing revenues .
“ We intend to take a different approach , ” Steinberg said .
“ BIG PILE OF DENIAL ”
Schwarzenegger , governor since 2003 , also called again on the federal government to come to the rescue of the state by raising the amount Washington transfers back to California .
“ Right now the federal government is forcing us to spend money we do n’t have , ” he said .
But Democrats , now in charge in Washington , said that relying on those funds coming through was “ wishful thinking . ”
“ Typically he is threatening the legislature .
Now he is threatening the president of the United States , ” said outgoing state Assembly Speaker Karen Bass , adding that the budget plan amounted to “ a big pile of denial . ”
The American Federation of State and County Municipal Employees charged Schwarzenegger with seeking to impose “ Third World austerity measures . ”
Wheelchair - bound Christina Mills , 32 , of Sacramento , California said disabled workers could not afford to have subsidies for assistants cut as the governor proposed .
“ If they did n’t have home - care workers to help them get dressed in the morning , they would n’t be able to go to work . ”
State Treasurer Bill Lockyer , a Democrat , urged the governor and lawmakers to balance the state ’s budget quickly because the state needs to sell bonds to support public works .
“ Thousands of infrastructure projects will be threatened with delay or closure if the state cannot reenter the bond market soon , ” Lockyer said .
Eight thousand - year - old skeletal remains believed to be those of a pre-historic human have been discovered from the Gua Bewah Cave in the Kenyir Lake area here .
The Star Online quoted the deputy director of the Institute of the Malay World and Civilisation Prof Nik Hasan Shuhaimi Nik Abdul Rahman , as saying that the remains found at a depth of 65 to 70 cm could be between 8,000 and 11,000 years old .
A white cobra was seen guarding the burial ground when the archaeologists were excavating the site in November last year .
However the cobra was said to have disappeared since then .
“ When excavation work started , the snake emerged but it did not disturb our team , ” assistant director of Terengganu Museums historical department Rashid Hamat said .
The find was the second in the Kenyir Lake area , the first one being in the Batu Tok Bidan Cave in 1975 .
DNA samples from the remains had been sent to the United States for analysis and results are expected by next month .
Pieces of pottery believed to date back to the Neolithic Age ( 4000 BC to 2200 BC , or between 6000 to 4000 years ago ) were also found from the caves .
The state government would carry on with excavation to find other historical artefacts .
Sen .
Dianne Feinstein ignited a firestorm among fellow California Democrats on Thursday as word spread of her proposal to divert Northern California water to Central Valley farmers .
Feinstein wants to attach the proposal as an amendment to a fast - tracked Senate jobs bill .
She is pitching the plan as a jobs measure to address the economic calamity in the Central Valley .
It would increase farm water allocations from 10 percent last year to 40 percent this year and next , an amount that farmers say is the bare minimum they need .
Bay Area Democrats were livid , accusing Feinstein of concocting the plan in secret , upending fragile water negotiations that Feinstein has supported and pitting California 's Central Valley against its coast .
Telephone calls flew as lawmakers learned of Feinstein 's plan .
" I was pretty shocked , " said Rep. Mike Thompson , a St. Helena Democrat and ally of North Coast salmon fishermen who support efforts to save fish species that are declining .
Influential farmer
Feinstein has long supported California agriculture but began to weigh in on the side of farmers in the water wars after requests from Stewart Resnick , the well - connected owner of Paramount Farms , which grows citrus and nuts on 118,000 acres in Kern County .
In September , Resnick wrote Feinstein complaining that " sloppy science " by federal wildlife agencies was causing farm water shortages .
A week later , Feinstein forwarded the letter to Obama administration officials , who authorized a review by the National Academy of Sciences .
" It seems to be a complete reversal of her position , " Thompson said .
" The entire Bay Area delegation had agreed we would do this National Academy of Sciences report to find out scientifically what should and should n't be done , and for her to turn that on its head and go out unilaterally with this proposal does not take into consideration the needs of all of California . "
Thompson accused Feinstein of " trying to spin this as a job saver , but that ignores the jobs up north that depend on water . "
He compared Feinstein 's plan to the Bush administration 's water diversions in the Klamath River Basin in 2002 that severely damaged fisheries and were later reversed .
Rep. George Miller , D - Martinez , said , " Best I can see , she 's making a decision that jobs in the Bay Area and Northern California and the Peninsula south of San Francisco are n't as important as jobs in the Central Valley . "
Feinstein contends that the amendment to the jobs bill would not waive the Endangered Species Act but instead follow a 2003 precedent that guaranteed water deliveries in New Mexico despite restrictions imposed to protect the silvery minnow .
Miller , a former chairman of the House Natural Resources Committee , said Feinstein 's amendment would suspend federal environmental laws that protect fish .
Verifying the science
Feinstein made no mention Thursday of her demand for the National Academy of Sciences report , due next month , to verify the science behind fish - conservation demands .
Resnick 's business has given $ 29,000 to Feinstein 's campaigns and $ 246,000 more to Democratic political committees during years when she sought re-election , according to a report by California Watch , an investigative journalism nonprofit organization , that was published in The Chronicle in December .
Rep. Dennis Cardoza , D - Atwater ( Merced County ) , defended Feinstein 's move .
" The situation in the valley is continuing to deteriorate , and we have a situation where even with more rain than usual , we could have less allocations than last year , " Cardoza said .
He said even with large cutbacks in water allocations to farmers , delta smelt and other fish populations have not improved .
Cardoza said recent studies show the pumps that environmentalists say pulverize fish are in fact destroying only a handful .
" The pumps were shut down for six or 10 additional fish , " Cardoza said .
" This is the height of insanity , and it 's time we quit devastating the California economy and understand what is really going on here . "
In a statement Thursday , Feinstein said that recent weeks of heavy rain and Sierra snowfall have brought snowpacks to 130 percent of their normal level .
At the same time , " water has been gushing past the canals and into the oceans while farms on the west side of the ( Central ) Valley are likely to receive a very low percentage of their water allocations for a second year because that water cannot be pumped and stored . "
Political jockeying
Feinstein 's action comes after months of political jockeying between Republicans and Democrats over whether the Endangered Species Act is destroying California 's farming industry .
Several fisheries on the coast from southern Oregon to San Luis Obispo have been shut down for three years for lack of runoff , idling commercial and recreational fishing and devastating the small businesses that depend on it .
Farmers have also seen water supplies evaporate .
Before this season 's heavy rains , a three - year drought forced big cuts in their water allotments , forcing 400,000 acres to lie fallow and pushing unemployment in some towns toward 40 percent .
Farmers , fishermen and environmentalists had been negotiating on a long - term remedy to the decline of California 's delta estuary , one of the largest in the world and on a scale with Florida 's Everglades , but even more heavily damaged by a century of water diversions .
The machine was unveiled about six weeks ago at the Eco Products trade fair in Tokyo , but the video demonstrating the technology has become an internet hit when it was posted on the Diginfo.tv Japanese website last week .
Coffee producers say they are getting hammered by global warming , with higher temperatures forcing growers to move to prized higher ground , putting the cash crop at risk .
“ There is already evidence of important changes ” said Nestor Osorio , head of the International Coffee Organization ( ICO ) , which represents 77 countries that export or import the beans .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ In the last 25 years the temperature has risen half a degree in coffee producing countries , five times more than in the 25 years before , ” he said .
Sipped by hundreds of millions of people worldwide , coffee is one of the globe ’s most important commodities , and a major mainstay of exports for countries from Brazil to Indonesia .
But producers meeting in Guatemala this week are in a state of panic over the impact of warming on their livelihoods .
While boutique roasters often seek out highland - grown cherries for their subtle tastes , the cooler terroir comes at a premium .
And the new race to the top comes amid already increasing demands for resources between farmers and energy firms .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Land and water are being fought over by food and energy producers , ” said Osorio , “ we need to make an assessment to guarantee the sustainability of and demand for coffee production . ”
ICO figures show that production in Latin America dipped last year , largely due to poor weather , and producers say they are struggling to stay afloat .
In Colombia , one of the world ’s largest producers , production slumped 30 - 35 percent while Costa Rica and El Salvador still struggled to recover from poor harvests in 2000 - 2005 .
ADVERTISEMENT
The National Coffee Association of Guatemala — a regional leader — said production in nine Latin American countries was expected to fall 28 percent in the first three months of this season .
North Korea ’s Race Problem
View a slideshow of the poster children of North Korea
America talks the talk ; Pyongyang walks the walk .
At least according to Kim Jong Il ’s domestic propaganda machine .
In countless posters displayed in city centers , North Korean resolve is contrasted with American spinelessness .
“ If we say we do something , we do it , ” a towering Korean People ’s Army soldier shouts in one poster as he slams his clenched fist down on the continental United States .
“ We do n’t utter empty words ! ”
Other posters depict North Korean fighter planes and missiles destroying the U.S. Capitol while helpless American soldiers , mere spindly , insectlike creatures , are hoisted effortlessly on bayonets or squashed under missiles .
Such violent imagery is n’t confined to posters .
Even North Korean math textbooks draw on the vocabulary of military might : “ Three People ’s Army soldiers rubbed out thirty American bastards .
What was the ratio of the soldiers who fought ? ”
Dictionaries and schoolbooks encourage North Korean citizens to speak of foreigners as beasts with “ muzzles , ” “ snouts , ” and “ paws , ” who “ croak ” instead of dying .
In a chilling illustration from a recent North Korean art magazine , a child with a toy machine gun stands before a battered snowman ; the caption reads , “ The American bastard I killed . ”
This triumphalism might seem irrational in view of North Korea ’s small size and obsolete military hardware .
But according to the country ’s propaganda , the pure - bloodedness and homogeneity of the Korean race make the North ’s army a uniquely tight - knit and formidable fighting force .
This way of thinking reflects an official ideology that many outsiders misperceive as communist but in reality belongs on the far right and not the far left of the ideological spectrum .
No , I ’m not referring to the pseudo - doctrine of North Korean “ Juche ” thought , a mishmash of humanist bromides ( such as “ man is the master of all things ” ) that has never had the slightest effect on policymaking .
I ’m referring to the ideology that the Juche smokescreen is meant to hide from the outside world : a paranoid nationalism that has informed the regime ’s actions since the late 1940s .
This worldview is not set out , at least not straightforwardly , in the writings of North Korea ’s father - and - son dictators , which are more often praised than read .
Yet it informs all of the country ’s mass propaganda , most of which can easily be accessed at the North Korea Resource Center in Seoul .
This material is varied in form if not in content :
Over eight years , I ’ve examined everything from nightly news reports and television dramas to animated cartoons and war movies ; from the glossy - papered Rodong Sinmun , the Workers ’
Party organ , to women ’s magazines printed on gray , low - quality paper ; from short stories and historical novels to dictionaries and school textbooks ( these last printed , semi- legibly , on the worst paper of all ) ; from reproductions of wall posters to photographs of monuments and statues .
There is no way of knowing how much of this material is produced every year , but so significant is the propaganda apparatus that it was one of the few North Korean institutions that did not miss a beat even during the catastrophic famine of the 1990s .
North Korea ’s ideology is not merely a nationalist - tinged communism of the old Yugoslav variety .
It is a race - based worldview utterly at odds with the teachings of Marx and Lenin .
And yet , the outside world continues in the illusion that North Korea is a hard - line Stalinist state .
True , the nation ’s first leader , Kim Il Sung , was installed by Soviet occupiers after World War II .
It is also true that the personality cult of Kim Il Sung and his son and successor Kim Jong Il bears superficial resemblance to the cults of Stalin and Mao .
Yet look closer , and it ’s clear just how different North Korean ideology is .
Not for nothing was the country almost as isolated during Soviet times as it is now in the post - communist world .
North Korea ’s race - centric ideology was inspired by that of the fascist Japanese who ruled the peninsula from 1910 until the end of World War II .
Having been taught by their colonizers to regard themselves as part of a superior Yamato race , the North Koreans in 1945 simply carried on the same mythmaking in a Koreanized form .
This can be summarized in a single sentence :
The Korean people are too pure - blooded , and so too virtuous , to survive in this evil world without a great parental leader .
This paranoid nationalism might sound crude and puerile , but it is only in this ideological context that the country ’s distinguishing characteristics , which the outside world has long found so baffling , make perfect sense .
Up close , North Korea is not Stalinist — it ’s simply racist .
The celebration of racial purity and homogeneity is everywhere in North Korea .
The citizens pictured on the country ’s new currency , for example , could pass for members of the same family , which in a sense they are .
A worker in one painting appears much like a farmer or soldier in another , while the children pictured in schoolbooks are downright identical .
White is the dominant color in Pyongyang :
White concrete plazas , white or at least blond - stoned buildings , and white statues of virginal maidens in long gowns abound .
Pyongyang is often photographed or depicted under snow , a favored symbol of purity itself .
“ Our nation has always considered its pure lineage to be of great importance , ” a North Korean general told his South Korean counterpart during a 2006 meeting to discuss realignment of the maritime border between the two states .
“ Since ancient times our lands have been one of abundant natural beauty , ” he said .
“ Not even one drop of ink must be allowed . ”
North Korea has often been called “ solipsistic , ” but strong racial pride always entails intense awareness of an inferior other .
For the North Koreans , foreigners are inferior — even the friendly ones .
Typical is a panoramic painting of a procession of exultant tourists during 1989 ’s Pyongyang World Festival of Youth and Students .
In whatever direction they happen to be looking , their faces are partly obscured by a sinister shadow .
A fat Caucasian woman wears a low - cut blouse , while a few African women appear in halter tops ; in Pyongyang today , such clothing is considered indecent .
Here and there , unsavory - looking men sport long sideburns and denim , more signs of Western decadence .
The only well - groomed and attractive person in view , and the only one whose face is evenly lit , is the Korean guide — an innocent young girl , naturally — who leads the way in traditional dress .
Although popular imagery strongly implies that all foreigners are morally inferior , and occasionally criticizes the Jews ’ influence on world affairs , it subjects the Japanese and Americans to the worst routine vituperation .
Like the “ Japs , ” the former occupiers , the Yankees are condemned as an inherently evil race that can never change , a race with which Koreans must forever be on hostile terms .
Even the Soviet Union , for all its decades of patronage , is remembered with more contempt than fondness .
In Eternal Life , a 1997 historical novel , Nikita Khrushchev is called a “ traitor , ” one of the “ fake communists ” who betrayed world socialism .
In the same book , Kim Il Sung chuckles about how he learned Soviet secrets by getting Leonid Brezhnev drunk .
History books rarely mention the Soviet Union ’s demise without sneering about how it went down “ without firing a shot . ”
The Korean War predictably occupies a central place in anti-foreigner propaganda , but this tends to focus less on the U.S. Air Force ’s extensive bombing campaign ( which is hard to reconcile with the myth of a protective leader ) than on isolated village massacres and other purported outrages .
The killing of tens of thousands of civilians in Sinchon in October 1950 , which was actually perpetrated by Korean rightists , is held up as the Yankees ’ most heinous crime .
The Americans are held responsible for the nation ’s current economic woes as well .
Last June , the nightly news in Pyongyang constantly intoned that the Yankees are “ the cause of all our people ’s misfortune . ”
What is especially significant and perhaps unique about North Korean nationalism is its emphasis on the vulnerability of the race .
Whereas World War II - era Japan ’s racialized worldview equated virtue with strength , the North Koreans are taught that their virtue has rendered them as vulnerable as children in an evil world — unless they are protected by a great leader who keeps a watchful eye on military readiness .
Unfortunately for the United States , there is no place in this for any improvement in relations between the two countries .
Were Kim Jong
Il to abandon his ideology of paranoid , race - based nationalism and normalize relations with Washington , his personality cult would lose all justification , while his impoverished country would lose all reason to exist as a separate Korean state .
The problem for U.S. negotiators is therefore not one of sticks versus carrots ; the regime in Pyongyang will neither be bullied nor sweet - talked into committing political suicide .
Nor , to dispel an increasingly popular pipe dream , can Washington expect the Chinese to make the North Koreans commit political suicide .
If you want to know why there ’s no possibility of a deal , you can read all about it — in Kim ’s own propaganda .
Check out this video ( in all it ’s HD glory ) , Shaun White talks about the Red Bull X project where they built his own halfpipe in Silverton .
Awesome shots all around , I ’m stoked to follow this site .
[ youtube http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=e1Zoh2JC_XA&hl=en&fs=1&rel=0]
I would have loved it if a group of bloggers ( yours truly included ) were invited to visit this thing .
It seems so cool to have it out there in the middle of nowhere … click here to check out the first look video .
Doll and the City is a dress up game .
Choose your dolls - girl or boy
Makeup
Go shopping in the city
Dress up with fabulous clothes
Design your home
Make new friends !
FREE REGISTRATION
About 1,600 jobs will be lost when the plant is mothballed
The threat of industrial action at Corus on Teesside has been raised following the announcement that production will cease on Friday .
The mothballing of the Teesside Cast Products ( TCP ) blast furnace at Redcar means about 1,600 jobs will be lost .
Owners Tata said the decision was made as TCP 's remaining iron ore is used up .
But Community Union General Secretary Michael Leahy called the move " premature " and said industrial action could not be ruled out .
The site has been at risk since last April , when international buyers pulled out of a 10 - year contract to buy steel slabs .
By putting profit before the people of Teesside , Tata Corus have undermined the foundation for future growth .
Michael Leahy , Community Union
In a statement , Indian firm Tata said : " It has not been possible to secure sufficient short - term sales of slab so as to enable TCP to operate at other than a cash loss .
" The timing of the mothballing is dependent on the consumption of the remaining iron ore stockpiles and is expected to take place later this week . "
The predicted knock - on effect of the mothballing has been described as " horrendous " , with Redcar and Cleveland Council estimating that up to 8,000 further jobs could be lost at surrounding companies .
It will mark the demise of 150 years of steelmaking on Teesside .
Mr Leahy said : " We still believe a viable deal can be done with a potential buyer .
The slab market is improving week by week and we are firmly of the view that Tata Corus have acted too quickly .
" By putting profit before the people of Teesside , Tata Corus have undermined the foundation for future growth .
We will continue to fight for a future for Teesside .
" Lots of questions remain unanswered , not least the length of time that the mothball will take place .
" In view of the manner in which this has been done , with Tata Corus riding roughshod over any consultation , it means we cannot rule out seeking our members ' support for industrial action . "
Business Secretary Peter Mandelson has pledged £ 60 m to help the area recover when the plant closes , but many argue the cash should instead be spent on trying to save the steelworks .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
In a word , bullshit .
Apple Insider–via an article whose writer ca n’t be bothered even to spell the names of several participants ( Ian Hickson , Dave McAllister ) correctly , to say nothing of doing other fact checking –accuses Adobe of saying one thing ( that it supports the development of HTML5 and other standards ) while working to delay & destroy those standards .
Wow–so lurid , it must be true !!
Um , no .
Here ’s a clarifying comment from Adobe rep Larry Masinter :
No part of HTML5 is , or was ever , “ blocked ” in the W3C HTML Working Group — not HTML5 , not Canvas 2D Graphics , not Microdata , not Video — not by me , not by Adobe .
Neither Adobe nor I oppose , are fighting , are trying to stop , slow down , hinder , oppose , or harm HTML5 , Canvas 2D Graphics , Microdata , video in HTML , or any of the other significant features in HTML5 .
Claims otherwise are false .
Any other disclaimers needed ?
There are some things that are wrong with the spec I ’d like to see fixed .
There are some things that are really , really , wrong with the process that I ’d like to improve .
I ’ve been working on web standards since the beginning of the web in the early 90s , and standards for even longer ; long before I joined Adobe .
My opinions do n’t come from Adobe , and I do n’t get approval or direction .
I hate to see decades of work on web architecture messed up in the short - term interest of grabbing control of the web platform for a few vendors to own .
If you think that position does n’t match what you imagine Adobe ’s position is , well , I ’m glad Adobe ’s planning to support HTML5 in its products .
As for the HTML standards process : I ’ve worked in scores of standards groups in IETF and W3C , as well as a few others here and there , and I ’ve never seen anything as bad as this one , with people abusing their official positions to grandstand and promote proprietary advantage .
I ’ve blogged some about this , but I ’d rather fix things along .
I think progress of HTML5 in W3C could be faster if the subsections on graphics and metadata could ( if not now , then eventually ) be moved to separate subgroups focused on those topics .
The organization of work in W3C is determined by the “ charters ” of working group and the “ scope ” of he charters , so saying work is “ out of scope ” even if you are marking a snapshot of the ( already published ) documents as “ Working Draft ” , means you might rewrite the “ Status of This Document ” section to say that it might move .
That ’s what I was asking for , in the somewhat stilted language of “ objection ” .
If you want to know who is sending in technical objections , you can see the working group mailing list at http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-html/.
And if you want to see more of my opinions , I ’m also on the W3C Technical Architecture Group ( TAG ) and post there a lot , see http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/www-tag/; the TAG often discusses HTML5 .
Any more questions about my opinion ?
My email address should be easy to find .
Lx -Office is a fork of the accounting package SQL - Ledger that is independently developed since 2003 .
It is especially customized to meet German requirements regarding accounting and financial reporting .
There is also a module for CRM .
In March 2012 , Lx -Office was renamed into " kivitendo " to rule out misunderstandings by equating name part " office " to " office package " for spreadsheets and text processing .
The new name comes from the Swahili , translated it means " practically " .
To preserve the project history , the sourceforge area will keep the previous product name for the time being .
During the 20th century , country after country adopted methods of industrial agriculture — use of fertilizers , pesticides , irrigation and high - productivity grain hybrids — that caused yields of corn , wheat , rice and other staples to soar .
This “ green revolution , ” as it became known , brought food self - sufficiency to nations like China and India , laying the groundwork for their emergence as economic powerhouses .
Yet these revolutionary farming methods largely bypassed sub-Saharan Africa .
In west Kenya , for instance , fertilizer use remains so low — just 7 kilograms per hectare , or 6 pounds per acre , compared with about 100 kilograms per hectare for the average farm in U.S. Midwest — that each harvest depletes the soil of important nutrients , leading to progressively lower yields , according to a recent study in the journal Science .
As a result , while much of the world enjoys plentiful harvests , malnutrition remains epidemic in the region .
Nearly one - third of sub-Saharan Africa ’s population , about 265 million people , suffers from chronic hunger , according to a recent estimate by the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations .
In 2006 , international donors , led by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation , founded the Alliance for a Green Revolution in Africa , with the goal of finally introducing modern farming methods to Africa .
Almost immediately , however , the multibillion - dollar effort came under attack from groups that assailed its vision of bringing technological agriculture to Africa ’s smallhold farmers .
NEXT POST
Will we repeat the mistakes of the last disaster ?
This post has been moved to Good Intentions ' new website .
Click here to read the post .
Victor Carlstrom was practically royalty .
Not only was the financial broker just about the hottest thing in the country , his close relationships with the royal family included holiday with members of the royal family on his yacht .
Carlstrom ’s brother Johan has been a close friend of Sweden ’s Prince Carl Phillip since high school , some 30 years ago .
Johan and Prince Carl have been on the same Swedish Touring Car Championship team for the last 10 years .
Additionally , Johan Carlstrom ’s wife , Meral Tasbas , is a longtime friend of Prince Carl ’s wife , Princess Sofia .
Both women are famous television personalities in Sweden for over two decades
At the height of his career , Victor Carlstrom hosted the prince and princess during a vacation on his yacht in St. Tropez .
Joining them was a powerful businessman Johan Andersson , owner of Mellby Gard , a large Swedish holding company .
This was the royal couple ’s first holiday after their wedding , which Johan Carlstrom attended .
Victor Carlstrom was well connected to some of the most powerful people in Sweden and the world .
As the leading broker for Folksam , the largest financial company in the country , made Carlstrom a celebrity in his own right .
Shortly after the holiday on the yacht , Victor Carlstrom ’s life changed .
Guided by professional and personal ethics , he became a reluctant whistleblower .
Years later he ’s hiding in the United States moving from hotel to hotel every 2 or 3 days to stay safe , and alive .
His story is a cautious tale : Money , greed and a corrupt financial system do not care who you know .
It will take down good people , powerful people , connected people .
Corruption will bring down even those one step from royalty .
Here ’s how according to a recently filed legal action outlines a case of money laundering and whistleblowing took Victor Carlstrom off the waters of St. Topez and into hiding in the United States , where he currently seeks asylum .
According to the case , shortly after starting at Folksam , Victor began to notice oddities and irregularities ; soon he was asked to essentially steal from his clients .
Royal Flush : Whistleblower Loses It All
Once he spoke up to then - CEO Jens Henriksson , he was summarily dismissed .
The company never paid him millions of dollars they owed him for being their top broker .
The lawsuit tells the story that removed from the company , Victor began to investigate Folksam .
He soon discovered cozy relationships between Henriksson and several Swedish government regulators , including the directors general of the agencies equivalent to the US SEC and IRS .
Putting more pieces together , Victor alleges in the suit that he soon discovered a corrupt system that enabled a $ 150 billion money - laundering scheme that included Folksam , Swedbank , Henriksson , and his very powerful friends and agencies .
In addition , the lawsuit suggests that Henriksson put a “ Team of 15 ” Folksam employees together to harass and ruin Victor Carlstrom ’s reputation , career , and social standing .
Instead of investigations into Folksam , Swedbank , and other institutions , it was Carlstrom and his companies that were scrutinized and fined by Swedish regulators .
There have been multiple threats against Carlstrom and at least two attempts on his life .
To seek justice , Carlstrom filed a $ 4.2 billion lawsuit versus the banks , regulators , Henriksson and others involved in the widespread corruption .
Included in the scheme , according to the lawsuit , is former Turkish prime minister Binali Yidrim who has close ties to Turkey ’s president Recep Erdogan .
Immediately after blowing the whistle against Yildrim to Swedish regulators , Victor Carlstrom began receiving death threats out of Turkey .
Representing Victor are famed attorneys Lawrence Schoenbach and Joshua Dratel .
Both New York - based lawyers are typically high - profile defense lawyers , which adds some intrigue to the lawsuit itself .
What Veganism ?
Veganism is a diet and lifestyle , in which a person abstains from the use of animal products in their food and food products , household products , and in their clothing .
The term vegan is both used to describe the person who follows veganism and to describe the food that adheres to the diet .
Many people assume that vegans are vegetarians , which is true .
Additionally , the vegan diet requires that participants do not consume animal derived products , such as animal milk , dairy products , eggs , or honey , where as it is considered acceptable to consume these food products in a vegetarian diet .
So what do vegans eat if so much seems to have been cut out of their diet ?
How do their bodies receive all the nutrients it needs to be healthy ?
Despite seeming as through there are limited food options available , vegans enjoy a rather wide array of foods .
However , as with all diets , all foods should be thoroughly researched so that your diet is balanced and assured to receive all of the proper nutrients for a healthy life .
Foods included in the vegan diet includes :
Grains , seeds , and legumes ( especially beans , which are filled with protein ) .
Plant based milks derived from soy , almonds , coconuts , hemp , or rice .
Mock meats made from tofu , soy beans , or wheat .
Cheeses made from soy , nuts , or tapioca .
While many people may want to shy away from vegan cheeses , they actually are very comparable in flavor and meltablility .
Fruits and vegetable .
You can read more about Vegan Food and get some great advice and inspirational Recipes for your kitchen !
Why Vegan ?
There are many reasons why people want to turn to veganism as their chosen lifestyle .
Some people want to turn to veganism because of the health benefits it offers .
Those who participate in a vegan diet enjoy the Nutritional Benefits of having significantly less risk of heart disease , diabetes , certain cancers , and obesity , which in itself is sometimes the underlying cause of additional health concerns .
Many people turn to veganism because of it ’s principle philosophy : Harvesting or industrial farming of animals is environmentally damaging and unsustainable , and we should live without the exploitation of animals .
It is no secret that the farming industry many times does not adhere to treating animals with respect or cruelty - free .
As a result , animals live :
In crowded and poor conditions .
They are fed food that is not intended for their diets with the sole purpose of making them bigger faster .
They are injected with hormones and antibiotics that are harmful to both the animal and the person who consumes it .
They are physically mistreated .
As animal lovers do n’t want to see animals abused , many will chose a lifestyle and diet that assures they do not help promote this sort of industry .
Switching to a meatless diet is a statement against the mistreatment of animals , but Animals used to Produce Animal Bi-Products are just as exploited as animals used for meat , which means cutting out meat alone is not enough to promote change .
Additionally , vegans who are concerned for the well being of animals are usually concerned for the Environmental Effects and damage caused from industrial farming .
Creating and maintaining an area for live stock requires massive deforestation , which destroys the area and claims the homes of the wild life that was living in that area .
The methane gases produced from industrial farms significantly contributes to air pollution .
Animals in containment generate more waste than non-contained animals , risking contamination of natural water sources in the area .
Industrial farms take more water to maintain , including usage for watering crops , cleaning , and providing for the animals , which means natural water resources become depleted an average of three times faster .
Feed crops are grown using lots of hazardous chemicals and fertilizers so that the plant matures quickly , but it leaves behind toxins in the soil .
Industrial farming is environmentally hazardous and offers no sustainable outcomes .
There are lots of great Books and literature that you can read which address the vegan diet , why we should turn to veganism , how humans are negatively affecting animals , and environmental benefits to veganism .
Top Links :
Actualized.org – Positive Affirmations
Acutalized.org – How to Become Rich
actualized.org , finding your passion in life
Actaulized.org the secret
Mindfulness , Actualized.org
Actualized.org – how to be a man
Actualized.org –
How to be more confident
Actualized.org – how to be attractive instantly
Actualized.org – Positive Thinking
Actualized.org –
What women want
Actualized.org – How to Feel Happy
actualized.org , how to make a guy fall for you
Actualized.org – How To Succeed In Life
Actualized.org how to make a girl fall in love with you
acutalized : communication skills
Actualized.org how to make a girl squirt
How To Focus – Actualized.org
Actualized.org – How to become a millionaire
Actualized.org – How To Overcome Shyness
Actualized.org
Why Am I Depressed ?
Actualized.org – Goal Setting
actualized.org – how to get a girlfriend
Actualized.org : how to control anger
actualized.org – letting go of the past
actualized – how to make friends
Actualized.org the law of attraction
Actualized.org – Subconscious Mind
The History of Veganism
Documentation of vegetarianism can be traced back to ancient Greece and India , including individuals who avoided any animal products in their diet .
Those who did n’t include eggs , milk , or dairy products were considered strict vegetarians .
The term , vegan , was later coined in 1944 by Donald Watson of the Leicester Vegetarian Society in England .
A few of the members of the society were concerned that the news letter that circulated among the members did not differentiate between those who included animal products and those who did not include animal products in their diets .
One of the members of LVS , Leslie Cross , branched off to create a new letter that addressed specifically those who did not include animal products .
Watson created the term “ vegan ” using the first and the last letters in “ vegetarian , ” which , he theorized , represented the beginning and end of vegetarianism .
Other members began suggesting other terms that could be used to define the lifestyle , but ultimately vegan and veganism is what the society chose to use .
Members who partook in veganism were urged to take a pledge to seek the end to the use of animals for food , commodities , work , hunting , vivisection , and all other uses involving the exploitation of animal life by man .
In the 19070s , American scientists began arguing that the high amounts of consumption of animals fats in the standard American diet was more harmful than beneficial , and veganism began to gain traction in the US .
By the 2000s , the vegan diet and lifestyle began moving from marginal to mainstream .
Restaurants began noticing an increasing demand for vegan entrees , and some restaurants began using their vegan entrees in marketing to attract more clientele .
Veganism began gaining an internet presence , with more websites appearing that discuss the philosophy of veganism , vegan recipes , and vegan forums .
Vegan grocery stores began appearing in more areas , where vegans could shop without concern .
Not only are more people turning to veganism , but society is enabling veganism to thrive .
Be Proactive Today !
Veganism at its core involves abstaining from the consumption and usages of animal and animal products , but there are many great ways for people to get more involved for the greater good !
Ways to actively participate in veganism include :
Volunteer with Animals :
We need to take care of all animals , not just animals on farms .
Animals shelters needs lots of help with cats and dogs .
Volunteering at your local animal shelter is a great way to actively participate in veganism .
Advocacy : Getting involved in local advocacy groups is a great way to get involved , stand up for what you believe in , and educated society about the positive outcomes veganism has on society , health , and the environment .
Teach Your Children :
When you teach children that we need to treat animals with respect , they will grow - up with this value instilled in them , which enables them to make change in this world .
Children are likely to want to be proactive as well , and have done some amazing things to promote veganism .
The more we promote veganism , live with the philosophy of veganism , and continuously educate about the effects and benefits of veganism , the more we can make a positive impact in this world !
A Japanese firm wants to keep it firm as they introduce a new high tech product designed especially for men to help them with their self pleasuring .
Webber flies at first day of Barcelona test
F1 Test , Barcelona , Circuit de Catalunya Mark Webber has demonstrated the pace that is in the new Red Bull RB6 by flying over the circuit de Catalunya without any serious competitor .
The Australian posted a 1m21.487s around noon , nearly a second faster than second quickest Nico Hülkenberg .
The first day at Catalunya came to an end a few minutes earlier than planned due to another rabbit on the track .
Results Pos. Driver Team Car Best Gap # 1 . M. Webber Red Bull Racing RB6 1:21.487 - 108 2 . N. Hulkenberg Williams FW32 1:22.407 +0.920 81 3 . N. Rosberg Mercedes GP W01 1:22.514 +1.027 107 4 . P. de la Rosa Sauber C29 1:23.144 +1.657 73
5 . J. Button McLaren MP4-25 1:23.452 +1.965 100 6 . V. Liuzzi Force India VJM-03 1:24.064 +2.577 74 7 . F. Alonso Ferrari F10 1:24.170 +2.683 73 8 . V. Petrov Renault R30 1:24.173 +2.686 73 9 . J. Alguersuari Toro Rosso STR5 1:24.869 +3.382 110 10 . L. Di Grassi Virgin Racing VR -01 1:27.057 +5.570 31 11 . F. Fauzy Lotus F1 T127 1:28.002 +6.515 76
Early in the day , Fernando Alonso had to sit out a few hours after his car let him down in the morning after completing only 11 laps .
Lucas Di Grassi meanwhile crashed the Virgin to pieces after spinning and hitting the barriers with the rear end of his car .
Although the H1N1 vaccine is generally believed to be safe and effective , researchers from the University of Missouri have uncovered evidence that taking over - the - counter pain relievers , like aspirin and Tylenol , can reduce the effectiveness of the vaccine because they inhibit the normal function of enzymes that help regulate the immune system .
The role of these enzymes , called COX enzymes , is not yet understood completely , andmedications that inhibit them may have adverse side effects .
Recent research has discovered that drugs that inhibit COX enzymes , such as COX - 2 , have an impact on the effectiveness of vaccines .
This new research indicates that inhibiting COX - 1 , which is present in tissuesthroughout the body , such as the brain or kidneys , could also impact vaccines ' effectiveness .
"
If you 're taking aspirin regularly , which many people do for cardiovascular treatment , or acetaminophen ( Tylenol ) for pain and fever and get a flu shot , there is a good chance that you wo n't have a good antibody response , " said Charles Brown , associate professor of veterinary pathobiology in the MU College of Veterinary Medicine .
" These drugs block the enzyme COX - 1 , which works in tissues throughout the body .
We have found that if you block COX - 1 , you might be decreasing the amount of antibodies your body is producing , and you need high amounts of antibodies to be protected .
"
The researchers also are studying the regulation of inflammation and how that leads to the development or prevention of disease .
Many diseases , such as arthritis , cardiovascular disease and diabetes , are all chronic inflammatory diseases .
Contrary to previous beliefs , inflammation is generally a good thing that helps protect individuals from infection .
Many of the non-steroidal drugs that treat inflammatory conditions reduce antibody responses , which are necessary for treating infections .
" So far , we 've tested this on an animal model and have found that these non-steroidal drugs do inhibit vaccines , but the next step is to test it on humans , " Brown said .
" If our results show that COX - 1 inhibitors affect vaccines , the takeaway might be to not take drugs , such as aspirin , Tylenol and ibuprofen , for a couple weeks before and after you get a vaccine . " :
Blaho , Victoria A. , Buczynski , Matthew W. , Dennis , Edward A. , Brown , Charles R. Cyclooxygenase - 1 Orchestrates Germinal Center Formation and Antibody Class - Switch via Regulation of IL - 17 .
The Journal of Immunology , 2009 , doi : 10.4049/jimmunol.0901499
Alright Samsung Galaxy owners , be prepared to find the closest corner and begin weeping uncontrollably .
Although the likes of the Samsung Moment , Sprint HTC Hero , Droid Eris and HTC Hero are all getting confirmed updates to Android 2.1 , rumor has it that not only will the Samsung Galaxy NOT get a 2.1 upgrade … but they ’ll be stuck on Android 1.5 for the remainder of the phone ’s life cycle .
This is n’t official at ALL – initial rumors said the phone WOULD get a 2.1 upgrade but TheUnwired is reporting that out at Mobile World Congress , their sources are saying the phone will never get an upgrade .
How awful would that be ?
The Samsung Galaxy is the company ’s first ever Android Phone ; how you can reward the first customers of your Android phones by leaving them stuck in the past is beyond me .
I mean … if the phone were n’t powerful enough to upgrade I would understand … but this thing does n’t even have 1.6 !
We know you can do it too , because the Samsung Moment is on the upgrade list .
In November , top auto safety officials made an unusual request of Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood .
After reviewing complaints about Toyota vehicles , the regulators said they believed the automaker was stalling their inquiries and wanted to go to Japan to stress just how serious their concerns had become .
Executives at Toyota “ were dragging things out , and we ’d had it , ” a senior American transportation official said in recounting new details of the talks .
“ We were getting excuses that did n’t make sense anymore . ”
Mr. LaHood approved the unprecedented trip , but it would be a month before his top safety aides met with Toyota executives , and another month before Toyota disclosed to Washington that it had found problems with some sticking accelerators .
Not once in more than six years of reviews of Toyota ’s problems did officials at the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration , which regulates automakers , use their power to subpoena Toyota ’s records , even though they said they believed the automaker was withholding critical information .
Now , with the recalls of some eight million Toyota vehicles since late last year , including more than 400,000 models of the 2010 Prius and other hybrid models this week , the traffic safety agency promises to be scrutinized as much as Toyota itself .
Members of Congress , independent experts on auto experts and others say they want to know why the agency did not act more aggressively in investigating Toyota ’s problems .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
I hear these on tv or from Reps.
Pete Hoekstra and Peter King and Sen. Joe Lieberman .
1. President Obama did not speak publicly swiftly enough .
In fact , Bush was silent for 9 days after the shoe bomber attack in 2001 .
2. Bush would have tried Abdulmutallab as an enemy combatant .
Well , he tried Richard Reid the shoe bomber in civilian courts .
3. Yemen is the issue .
In fact , Yemen ’s government is actively bombing al - Qaeda cells , and complains that the US never shared its info on Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab with Sanaa .
4. A US war on al - Qaeda in Yemen is next .
This way of thinking is foolish .
Yemen is not a cake walk , folks
Col .
Pat Lang , former Defense Intelligence Agrency head for the Middle East , is an old Yemen hand and delivers a blunt warning against the US getting militarily involved there .
I have been to Yemen three times , before and after unification , and have traveled outside Sanaa .
I ’ve spoken publicly in Arabic in front of big audiences and interacted with Zaidis , Salafis , Sufis .
It is an extremely complicated society with multiple ecological zones .
It is an arid , tribal ( segmentary - lineage ) system .
Most of the scholars I know who work on Yemen have been kidnapped by tribes or thrown in jail by the government at least once .
People are either Arab nationalists or Muslim ones .
They have very little use for outsiders .
If the US tried to establish a big presence there , they would make the Iraqi resistance look half - hearted and weak - kneed .
Anybody who thinks they are going to dominate this has another think coming :
This is Maarib where al - Qaeda is said to be based :
CBS News has video on al - Qaeda in Yemen :
End / ( Not Continued )
CALLING STATE prison and education funding priorities “ out of whack , ’’ Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger of California proposed a constitutional amendment this week barring the state from spending a higher percentage on prisons than higher education .
He said that in the last 30 years , prison spending increased from 3 percent of the state general fund to 11 percent while higher education spending declined from 10 percent to 7.5 percent .
“ Spending 45 percent more on prisons than universities is no way to proceed into the future , ’’ he said .
Indeed .
It is hard to know where the specific proposal will go , as cheering by university officials was countered by condemnation from powerful corrections unions .
Schwarzenegger is proposing prison savings through privatization .
But the spirit of his speech should become a governing principle in a nation where the effects of the prison boom remain completely out of whack .
Nationwide , the Pew Center on the States says prison spending rose six times more than spending for higher education in adjusted dollars from 1987 to 2007 .
The national federal and state prison population nearly tripled in that time , from 585,000 to 1.6 million .
Including local jails , the United States had 2.3 million people locked up by 2007 .
This is more than the 1.5 million inmates in more - numerous China and 2 1 / 2 times more than third - place Russia .
It is a good bet that the United States has frittered away a decent chunk of our former global advantages with gulag politics .
Over the years , I have cited many examples of this phenomenon from national and state crime bills passed during the last quarter - century .
New York State went from spending twice as much on universities in 1988 to spending more on prisons than higher education in 1996 .
President Clinton ’s push for national service was dwarfed by a $ 23 billion 1993 Senate crime bill that spent twice as much on boot camps than national service and $ 3 billion for prisons but only $ 1.2 billion for job training and drug treatment for nonviolent offenders .
Massachusetts was no different than any other state .
According to Pew data , the commonwealth had the nation ’s sixth - highest ratio of corrections spending compared to higher education spending .
In 1987 , Massachusetts spent 30 cents on corrections for every dollar spent on state colleges and universities .
In 2007 , the ratio was virtually dollar for dollar .
The ratio of adults under some form of correctional control in the state soared from 1 in 127 in 1982 to 1 in 24 in 2008 .
This is despite many studies showing that investing in education has a massive benefit - cost ratio to individuals , to society and to the economy .
Politicians have long understood that trade - off , and by the mid-1990s some prominent Republicans agreed with Democrats that we could not jail our way out of social and economic problems with three - strike laws that condemned nonviolent offenders along with murderers .
But almost always , harsh political winds blew down sweeping reform , guaranteeing the continued siphoning of billions of dollars away from treatment , rehabilitation , and education .
The budget crisis in the states finally has both Republican and Democratic governors talking about downsizing expensive and overcrowded prisons and providing more treatment to nonviolent drug offenders .
But the laws that filled the jails await reform .
For instance , one of the most discriminatory laws of the get - tough era , one that punishes possession of crack cocaine more than powdered cocaine , remains on the federal books 15 years after Clinton said that the disparities were wrong .
Proposals to end the disparities are being debated in Congress and President Obama ’s attorney general , Eric Holder , says the administration wants to do away with them .
The laws are so embarrassing that this week , in an interview with the Boston Globe editorial board , Democratic senatorial candidate and Massachusetts Attorney General Martha Coakley called the cocaine laws “ crazy . ’’
It is refreshing to hear a Democrat like her and a Republican like Schwarzenegger say that our criminal justice priorities are insane , with education always getting the strait - jacket .
It is the first step out of the asylum .
Derrick Z. Jackson can be reached at jackson@globe.com .
© Copyright 2011 Globe Newspaper Company .
Prof Paul Layzell , deputy vice - chancellor , said : “ The proposal put forward by the University of Sussex to withdraw from certain areas of research and specialist teaching in history reflects three factors : first , a strategic determination to focus our research in areas of sustainability and strength ; second , to align undergraduate provision with areas of demonstrable demand ; and , thirdly , a need to reflect the Government ’s financial policy for higher education .
Dragnet for Girls , 12 and 14 , Who Pulled Ohio Bank Heist
Two girls , not old enough to drive , suspected of bank heist without weapons .
Jan. 7 , 2009  --
Police in Ohio are searching for two brazen girls , believed to be as young as 12 and 14 , who robbed a bank in a Cincinnati suburb and escaped a police dragnet that included a helicopter and dogs .
The baby faced bank robbers , one believed to be 12 years old and the other 14 or 15 , entered the 1st National Bank in Symmes Township , " walked up to the bank teller , and gave the teller a note demanding money , " Steve Barnett , spokesman for the Hamilton County Sherriff 's Office , said in a statement .
Neither of the girls carried a weapon , but " the teller gave the suspects an undetermined amount of U.S. currency , " according to Barnett .
The bank was robbed at 3:19 p.m .
There was one teller , but no customers in the bank at time .
No one was injured .
The girls were last seen fleeing in a easterly direction from the bank .
The older girl is described as 5 foot 4 to 5 foot 5 with a " heavy build " and was seen wearing blue jeans , a black knit cap and a dark blue hooded sweatshirt .
The 12 - year - old suspect is described as 5 foot to 5 foot 2 , with a " thin build " wearing blue jeans , baseball cap and dark blue hooded sweatshirt .
According to authorities , officers from two counties were called in to look for the girls .
The FBI 's Cincinnati field office said it was not involved in the investigation .
In a still image taken from what police described as an " old , out of date [ black and white ] VHS , poor quality " surveillance footage , one girl appears to be speaking on a cell phone during the robbery , but police said they believe she was simply pulling her hood down to better conceal her face .
In 2008 , nearly 18,000 boys younger than 18 were arrested for robberies nationwide , according to FBI statistics .
About 1,900 females younger than 18 were arrested , a 38 percent increase from 1999 .
$ 2000 per dead child !
That 's the amount of compensation offered by the Pentagon for the " collateral damage " which it has caused in Afghanistan .
As the war escalates and more innocent victims of Washington 's aggressive actions accumulate in number , the US military calculates what it will take to placate grieving Afghan parents .
Eight years into a war deemed " necessary " by both Republican and Democratic Administrations , the death and destruction visited upon Afghan civilians seems reducible to neat and cheap compensation packages .
And , yet , the real physical and psychological damage inflicted by the war - makers remains strangely abstract and without comprehension of the very real unintended consequences .
The anger of Afghan families in the earliest days of US military intervention undoubtedly persists and may even fuel the continuing insurgency .
According to a June 28 , 2002 Los Angeles
Times story about one Afghan who had lost his wife , mother and seven children to a US air attack , he bitterly lamented : " I put a curse on the Americans who did this .
I pray that they will have the tragedy in their lives that I have had in mine . "
While not suffering this kind of tragic loss in just one family , US families have paid a price with increasing numbers of dead and wounded in Afghanistan .
More generous with their compensation packages to families who have lost a loved one in military operations in Afghanistan , even the $ 100,000 offered cannot excuse the needless loss of life promulgated by the Pentagon and their so - called civilian bosses .
The squandering of billions of dollars , however , in prosecuting this war and the other imperial campaigns in the Middle East and Central Asia is responsible for other hidden costs to children in the United States .
In 2009 , the US continued its falling ranking in infant mortality to 33rd in the world , behind the much poorer , but medically wiser , nation of Cuba .
In addition , infant mortality among African - Americans is estimated to be twice as high as that of whites .
On the other hand , the terrible toll on Iraqi children , as a consequence of policies pursued by the United States since the first Gulf War , has been enormous .
From the use of depleted uranium by the Pentagon under Bush Sr. and Jr. to sanctions preventing medical supplies from entering Iraq under Clinton , the death and disease suffered by Iraqi babies is directly attributable to the United States .
Even in the absence of war and aggressive policies pursued by Washington , the imbalance between the United States and the developing world , made worse by the recent financial crisis , is deplorable .
It is estimated that the average inhabitant of the United States uses 250 times the resources of the average Nigerian .
That average US citizen , if a baby born in the 1990s who reaches 75 years of age , will have generated fifty - two tons of garbage while utilizing close to 4,000 barrels of oil .
The amount of energy consumed by the average US resident would be equivalent to 531 Ethiopians .
When UNICEF reported , as is did in 2002 , that ten million children under the age of 5 died each year from preventable causes , such as malnutrition , unsafe water , and the lack of the most basic health care , we should , in the words of ethics philosopher Peter Singer " know that others are in much greater need ... and learn to think critically about the forces that lead to high levels of consumption and to be aware of the environmental costs of this way of living . "
Yet , to attain that level of consciousness would require confronting the legacy of being part of an empire and benefitting from its ostensibly unequal privileges .
Trying to come to terms with all of the human and planetary consequences of empire as a way of life may be especially difficult now that the empire is dying .
Let 's just hope that we can help to diminish the further destruction produced by an empire in its death throes .
Chronic masterbation in toddler
My 2.5 yr old dd has been masterbating since she was a year old .
At first , she would lay over large rubber balls ( toys ) and roll back and forth on them .
Now she lays across anything she can and rubs herself against it .
She is particularly fond of corners of chairs and tables .
While I understand that this can be a normal behavior for young children , however , I am concerned because the behaviour can go nonstop for hours every day ( yesterday it was 7 hours , the day before that 6 hours ) .
During this time she refuses to eat or be distracted and becomes out of breath and sweaty .
She screams and yells if you remove her from the object she is humping an going back to her behaviour no matter what we do to distract her .
She has not been away from me ever ( never left in the care of anyone else , even her father unattended ) and has not been sexually abused .
We have a very secure family with no stressers that I can see .
She also has trouble sleeping , never falling asleep until 2 AM and waking several times during the night shouting ( usually she shouts ' go away ' , ' get off of me ' or ' leave me alone ' which are the same phrases she uses when we try to remove her from her masterbating ) , then falling back asleep .
Any help would be appreciated as I believe this behaviour is no longer appropriate or healthy for her .
Bertrand Russell ( 1907 ) Portrait from The Bertrand Russell Gallery
The Elements of Ethics , by Bertrand Russell , was first published in 1910 , in his Philosophical Essays .
( It was composed from several of his previous articles ; he describes its provenance in a prefatory note . )
This online edition is based on the public domain text as it appears in the 1994 Routledge paperback edition of the 1966 re-issue of Philosophical Essays ( ISBN 0-415-10579-X ) .
Former Green Party leader Trevor Sargent has resigned Minister of State in the Department of Agriculture after accepting that he made ' an error of judgement ' in contacting gardaí about a case involving a constituent .
Watch or read Trevor Sargent 's statement to the Dáil
Trevor Sargent interview on the Six One News
A review of his career to date
John Gormley 's statement
In a brief statement to the Dáil , Mr Sargent said he had contacted gardaí in relation to an alleged assault on a constituent in September 2007 .
He said this person had come to see him in June 2008 to voice his frustration at the slow progress being made with the case .
The constituent alleged he had been head - butted after reporting vandalism to the parents of a child he had seen trying to remove a road sign .
Mr Sargent said his intention then was to ensure the gardaí were aware he had received this representation from the victim of an alleged assault and that the preparation of the case would benefit from witnesses not then interviewed .
What he had done had not been a criminal offence , but could be deemed to be not lawful , he stated .
' It had been an error of judgment ' , Mr Sargent said , before tendering his resignation .
Under Dáil rules , the Opposition was not allowed to comment .
Speaking this evening on RTÉ's Six One News , Mr Sargent said he got too involved in the language he used in the letter and in hindsight he said it was the wrong thing to do and he should not have written it .
Mr Sargent said the individual concerned needed a helping hand , but said he was not trying to interfere with the judicial process .
Asked if should also step down as a TD over the affair , Mr Sargent said the people of Dublin North would decide that at the next election .
The revelations that cost him his job were greeted with incredulity across Leinster House , as Mr Sargent is regarded as having strong principles .
He stepped down as leader of the party following the last General Election in 2007 because he had previously said he would not serve with Fianna Fáil in Government .
But eight years ago he led the criticism of then Junior Minister Bobby Molloy , who had to resign after his office contacted a judge in a rape case .
On 17 April 2002 , Mr Sargent told the Dáil : ' Any representation relating to a court case ought to be acknowledged with a warning about the need not to interfere in any way with due judicial process . '
This afternoon the same issue has caused the end of his tenure as a Minister of State .
The Garda Commissioner earlier requested an urgent report into the allegations regarding Mr Sargent .
Fachtna Murphy asked local garda management in the division to compile a report for him on the facts of the matter .
Leaked letter
The Taoiseach has said that Opposition claims that Fianna Fáil had a hand in the leaking of a letter that prompted the resignation of Mr Sargent were beneath contempt , without foundation and had no basis in fact .
Speaking to RTÉ tonight , Mr Cowen accused the Opposition of using smear tactics to besmirch what had been an honourable decision by Mr Sargent .
As to where the leak of the letter had come from , the Taoiseach said he presumed the information came to light when a related case came up for mention in the courts earlier this month .
Earlier this evening , Minister for Justice Dermot Ahern said the first he had heard of the affair involving Mr Sargent was when he heard radio news at lunchtime .
He angrily denied any involvement in leaking details of the matter and said his Department first became aware of the letter when the Garda Commissioner telephoned the Secretary General after a media inquiry today .
Mr Ahern described Mr Sargent as a ' friend ' and said he was sorry to see him resign .
Meanwhile , Green Party leader John Gormley has said he cannot speculate on suggestions that Fianna Fáil was responsible for leaking the story which led to today 's events .
Mr Gormley said it was not always a good idea to make comments when you are feeling emotional , and therefore he would not speculate .
He said he did not have all the facts in his possession , but he hoped to get to the bottom of the issues .
The Minister for Communications , Eamon Ryan , has said it is not for the Greens to be suspicious or throw stones in trying to find out the source of the story .
Mr Ryan told RTE's Prime
Time programme that they did not know how the story came out .
He said most of speculation about the story 's origins was coming from Fine Gael and Labour .
Asked if there should be a garda inquiry into the circumstances of Trevor Sargent 's intervention , Mr Ryan said that was a matter for the gardaí .
Smith acknowledges contribution
Minister for Agriculture Brendan Smith has acknowledged ' the very significant contribution ' that Mr Sargent had made since his appointment as Minister of State for Food and Horticulture in 2007 , both to the work of the Department generally and the organic and horticulture sectors in particular .
Mr Smith said Mr Sargent had , at all times , displayed great energy and commitment to his role as Minister of State and was widely respected .
The Minister said Mr Sargent was an excellent and hardworking colleague and thanked him for his assistance and commitment .
He wished Mr Sargent personal and professional success in the future .
On RTÉ Radio's Drivetime , Minister for Communication Eamon Ryan said it was a ' sad day ' and had been very difficult for Mr Sargent .
He said the former Minister of State had a ' fine career ' .
Mr Ryan said Mr Sargent was ' highly regarded ' in the party and was a ' very active and committed representative ' .
PORT -AU - PRINCE , Haiti 
As the 10 Americans imprisoned in Haiti for trying to remove children from the country awaited a decision on their fate Monday , the legal woes of the man who falsely portrayed himself as the group ’s lawyer mounted .
The one - time legal adviser , who calls himself Jorge Puello , now acknowledges that he faces sex trafficking charges in El Salvador under the name Jorge Anibal Torres Puello .
He remained at large on Monday , as Dominican , Salvadoran and American law enforcement officials worked with Interpol to interview his relatives and search border and immigration records to find him .
Mr. Puello is wanted by the police in at least four countries in connection with charges including sex trafficking of girls and women , and making counterfeit documents and violating parole .
The Salvadoran police unveiled a sex trafficking ring last May in which they said Mr. Puello was helping to bring women and girls from Central America and the Caribbean into El Salvador and luring them into prostitution through offers of modeling and office jobs .
Nude and semi-nude photographs were taken of women and girls and put on Internet sites , the police said .
Check out Chrome 4's great new features for developers , such as cross - platform support , awesome web inspector integration , and handy new extensions .
It 's becoming more and more difficult to deny Chrome the title as the new browser for web developers .
If it 's not quite there yet , it will be soon !
Introduction
With quick load times , a snappy JavaScript engine , solid WebKit foundation , and big - name backing , Google Chrome has been gaining a respectable market share , even surpassing Safari to become the 3rd most popular browser in December .
For developers , however , Firefox has been the sweetheart of many due to its ability to run on any operating system and because of its rich offering of web development add - ons , such as Firebug and the Web Developer Toolbar .
But it ’s important to test JavaScript in all browsers , and having a robust set of tools in each ( including Internet Explorer ) , is precisely what developers need to make the most of their code .
Lucky for us , the Google folks have been working hard to make Chrome cross-platform , integrate WebKit ’s fantastic Web Inspector , and add extensions , making Chrome 4 an amazingly useful tool for web development .
In this tutorial , I ’ll demonstrate some of the features that make Chrome 4 a great addition to the web developer utility belt .
Downloading Chrome 4
As of January 25 , Chrome 4 has been officially released as stable for Windows .
Mac and Linux users , however , we have to be a bit more brave in order to experience all that Chrome 4 has to offer .
Mac users need to download the " dev " version , and Linux users the " beta " version , and it 's highly worth it !
Check out the following links to get a copy of Chrome for your operating system that supports everything we 'll discuss in this article :
Web Inspector ( aka Developer Tools )
Now let 's get into the nitty gritty !
In Firefox , Firebug is a godsend for developers , providing a debugging console , HTML & CSS manipulation , JavaScript profiling , and a whole lot of other goodness .
The WebKit folks took notice and over the last couple of years have been perfecting a set of tools called the Web Inspector , which offers a similar set of features to Firebug .
Within Chrome 4 , the Web Inspector is labeled “ Developer Tools . ”
Accessing the Web Inspector / Developer Tools
In addition to Chrome 4 , the Web Inspector has been in action for a while from within previous versions of Chrome and Safari , although it ’s a bit hidden .
To access the Web Inspector in various browsers :
Safari 4
Select “ Edit > Preferences ” ( Windows ) or “ Safari > Preferences ” ( Mac )
Select the “ Advanced ” tab
Check “ Show Develop Menu in menu bar ”
A new menu item , “ Develop , ” will appear
Select “ Develop > Show Web Inspector ”
Chrome 3 ( Windows only )
Select the Wrench
Select Developer
Select JavaScript Console ( the whole range of tools are hidden under this name )
Chrome 4
Windows / Linux : Select the Page Icon > Developer > Developer Tools
Mac : Select View > Developer > Developer Tools
JavaScript Console
If you have n’t worked with the Firebug or Web Inspector console , then you ’re missing out on a great way to help debug JavaScript .
The JavaScript console serves several important functions , such as capturing errors and presenting them in a useful format , testing short bits of JavaScript , and as a convenient place to log useful information like variable values and execution times .
Practically speaking , I use this tool regularly to evaluate the performance of my programs and to ensure that certain variables are being calculated correctly .
Elements Panel
In addition to the JavaScript console , it ’s always nice to have a tool that allows you to quickly view the HTML and style information of particular elements on the page .
The Web Inspector Elements panel gives a tree - structure view of the Document Object Model ( DOM ) , allowing you to drill down into the document to select an item of interest .
You can also access the information of a certain object by right clicking on an item within the browser and selecting “ Inspect Element . ”
Finally , I should note that the Elements panel allows for much more than simple inspection .
You can modify and add styles , edit html , and in the latest versions , view event listeners attached to a selected DOM element .
These features can all come in very handy when you ’re dealing with little quirks that you ca n’t quite figure out .
Resources
The last feature I ’d like to highlight within the Web Inspector / Developer Tools is the “ Resources ” tab .
If you ’ve worked with Firebug ’s “ Net ” tab , then you ’ll notice several similarities .
Essentially , the Resources tab gives a breakdown of all the information that is exchanged between your browser and the server , from the images to the JavaScript to the document itself .
It also shows a ton of handy information , such as :
A graph of the time it takes to download each component
A graph showing the size of the various components
A way to sort the requests by type , e.g. Documents , Stylesheets , Images , etc .
Image previews with dimensions , file size , and MIME type displayed below
Request and Response Headers
XML HTTP Request ( XHR ) information
An elegant tool that allows for easy inspection of page speed , the Resources tab can aid you in identifying and squashing performance bottlenecks .
Give it a try and see where your page is too fat , then slim down your chunky images and code to provide a better experience for your users !
Further Reading
A complete overview of the Web Inspector / Developer Tools could easily be a tutorial on it ’s own , but we have more ground to cover !
I highly recommend checking out the following resources to learn more :
Extensions
Now , while I ’ve always been blown away by the speed of Safari 4 and Chrome as compared to Firefox , they ’ve both lacked a critical feature : add - ons .
In Chrome 4 , that all changes with the addition of “ extensions . ”
You can add functionality to Chrome by downloading and installing extensions or by using the standard tools of the trade : HTML , CSS , and JavaScript , to write your own .
Extensions can be downloaded from the Chrome Extensions Repository , and should be fairly simple to install .
Already , a number of very compelling extensions have been created which aid web development , from quick validation to resolution testing .
Let ’s take a look at a few .
A web developer can never really be obsessed enough with performance , and the more tools that identify sluggish performance the better .
That ’s just where Speed Tracer , a Chrome extension developed by Google , comes into play .
Speed Tracer takes the “ Resources ” panel to the next level by providing a visualization of the time it takes to execute low - level tasks , such as rendering CSS or parsing HTML and JavaScript .
I ’d highly recommend taking a look at a video demonstration of Speed Tracer put together by the folks at Google to get a better idea of how it can help you improve the performance of your applications .
Moving from Firefox to Chrome , one extension everyone is going to look for is a replacement of the fantastic Web Developer Toolbar .
For those who do n’t know , the Web Developer Toolbar deals with the tasks Firebug was n’t meant to handle , such as quick validation of HTML and CSS , the ability to quickly disable JavaScript or images , and a tool for checking links .
Those functions are all handled with style by Pendule , which offers much of the core functionality of the Web Developer Toolbar ( not quite all ) , while offering a few goodies of it ’s own , such as a color picker .
Web Developers often need to ensure that their designs work at a variety of resolutions .
Resolution
Test allows developers to efficiently resize their browser window to a number of common resolutions for quick and easy testing .
The latest version even allows you to open multiple windows at different resolutions with only a couple of clicks .
Resolution
Test is fantastic for making sure your target audience is seeing the page you want them to see .
There are occasions when its necessary not only to grab a screenshot of the current visible portion of a website , but a screenshot of the whole page .
For example , you may want to print a full page for peer critical review or to demonstrate in your portfolio .
I formerly used a Desktop tool for this , but now Webpage ScreenShot does a nice job of capturing full - page screenshots in a few clicks .
Do you ever stumble upon a fantastic page and wonder , “ what are they using to build this ? ” I do , and often find myself digging through the source code trying to figure out who the man behind the curtain is .
While it is a useful training exercise , and a necessary one if you really want to know what ’s going on , Chrome Sniffer can usually give you a snapshot of which JavaScript and PHP frameworks are in use for a particular page .
For example , navigate to NetTuts and Chrome Sniffer informs us that it ’s run on Wordpress using Google Analytics and jQuery .
Conclusion
The future of web development continues to look brighter and brighter !
While only a few years ago we had a limited set of tools for debugging JavaScript , tinkering with CSS , and viewing HTML , today we have a variety of powerful options .
Now that Google Chrome has become cross platform , fully integrated the WebKit Web Inspector , and added extensions , it is a versatile tool for helping developers improve their own pages .
I encourage all of you to download a copy for yourself and give it a shot to see if it can help you improve your pages , then come on back here and share your favorite plugins and tools with the rest of us !
Write a Plus Tutorial
Did you know that you can earn up to $ 600 for writing a PLUS tutorial and / or screencast for us ?
We 're looking for in depth and well - written tutorials on HTML , CSS , PHP , and JavaScript .
If you 're of the ability , please contact Jeffrey at nettuts@tutsplus.com .
Please note that actual compensation will be dependent upon the quality of the final tutorial and screencast .
The Student Sustainability Task Force , which now includes faculty , administrators , and staff , as well as students , was first formed as an initiative of the student senate .
Two students are hired as full - time sustainability interns each summer .
RPI offers a living and learning community that focuses on sustainability and the environment as a housing option for freshmen .
The EcoHall competition encourages energy conservation .
" Dirt " ( 2008 ) by David Montgomery deals with the relation between soil erosion and civilization collapse .
It is neither the first nor the only book that examines this subject .
It is , however , written by a soil scientist , and it brings to a deeper level the understanding of how soil disappears and how this affects agriculture and , in turn , society .
Was the Roman Empire doomed by the loss of fertile soil to erosion ?
This is a much discussed point that I also examined in a study of mine on the fall of the Roman Empire .
Fertile soil generates food that , in turn , causes population to increase and that is what makes an empire able to expand , as all empires do .
But fertile soil is also subject to overexploitation .
It is fragile ; is easily washed to the sea by rain .
And , when it is gone , it takes centuries , at least , to reform .
So , did the Roman Empire collapse because of soil loss ?
Historians are still debating this point but , in this book , " Dirt " , David Montgomery makes a forceful case that soil erosion was a major cause of the decline of the Roman economy and that , in general , it strongly affected ancient civilizations .
Montgomery connects the dots of what we know and shows - among other things - that the Romans clearly understood the importance of agriculture in their economy .
Yet , they never were able to understand the role of soil erosion .
Of course , there are alternatives to the simple linear chain of positive feedbacks that goes as more people -> more land cultivated -> more erosion .
The sources tell us that many fields went uncultivated at the time of the Roman Empire and that suggests the possibility of a problem of underpopulation .
The military needs of the late Empire were so strong thet there were not enough people left to cultivate the land .
There is also evidence of droughts at the time of the decline of the Empire which would have affected agriculture , too .
None of these explanations excludes the others .
In a complex system , there is no simple cause and effect relation .
Everything affects everything else and you need good quantitative data to understand the weight of all the factors involved .
Unfortunately , good quantitative data is exactly what we are missing for the Roman Empire .
But , on the whole , it is clear that soil erosion is a major element at play in the decline of civilizations .
The Romans , as many other civilizations before and after them , were destroying their resource base , soil , and they never were able to replace it .
There is much more in Montgomery 's book - it is a comprehensive review of the relation of soil erosion and the history of humankind that starts from the end of the last ice age and arrives to our time .
As such , it is a great learning experience .
Of course , the book is not without defects .
Stuart Staniford correctly points out that often Montgomery does n't give a sufficient justification for his statements and that leaves the reader unsatisfied .
This is true especially for the last chapter , where the text becomes somewhat ideological when Montgomery tackles fields which are not his : peak oil , energy , and the economy .
The result is that the discussion becomes shallow , unlike the rest of the book .
Apart from these problems , " Dirt " is an absolutely must read for the serious students of civilization collapse .
It is the same for those who still insist in defining biofuels as " renewable energy . "
After more than six months straining to convince itself of the immense , nationwide danger of a phenomenon that involves fewer than 0.1 % of France 's Muslim population , a parliamentary committee yesterday ­recommended the banning of the full veil in many of France 's public places .
There is nothing eccentric about asking why they are getting so bothered .
As usual , when France confronts such debates , a panoply of intellectuals , politicians and artists gasp their indignation over an alleged assault on " our values " , wheeling out their rhetorical big guns to denounce the " philosophical scandal " of refusing to show one 's face publicly .
We have been systematically treated to five justifications , all hammered home with the aim of getting the full veil banned for good : the feminist , the theological , the humanistic , the ­securitarian and , finally , the prophylactic .
None of these justifications has been convincing .
For a start , the vast majority of women concerned have clearly actively chosen to wear the veil , sometimes in the face of opposition from their family .
Moreover , many see their veils as a means of expressing independence , even sometimes as a vehicle of feminine empowerment .
In the 70s , Muslim women who had recently arrived from north Africa were often kept behind suburban doors by the heavy - handed control of their ­husbands .
Sometimes they were forced to wear the veil , but we hardly gave a damn .
But , paradoxically , once the veil had emerged as a voluntary item during the 80s , visibly flaunted in the street by a new generation of determined young Frenchwomen , concern began to rise .
Pseudo - feminist rhetoric cannot conceal the fact that it is indeed the voluntary veil which is being fought , and not the imposed article .
As to the second , theological justification , it is almost laughable to see members of the government and the president himself pompously arguing that such a veil is not truly Muslim , as if more knowledgeable than the Muslims themselves about the orthodox prescriptions of their own lifestyle .
A peculiar facet of so - called French secularism sees government ministers assuming the fashionable role of imams .
Others will opine that one cannot be a true citizen if one hides one 's face , because one is thus refusing human interaction .
Yet some people wear dark glasses out of shyness or pure ­obnoxiousness , and nobody would think of denying them their right to humanity .
The security - based objection , requiring one to bare one 's face in order to have the right to pick up one 's children from school , for instance , or if so required by a police patrol , is legitimate in the abstract , but only if one conveniently forgets the fact that in practice , the new generation of women – among the many we have surveyed – do not in fact refuse to comply .
It is no coincidence that the debate on French national identity is ­occurring simultaneously , for they are ­tactically complementary – picking on Muslim women , or Muslims in general , or all immigrants , as scapegoats , so we can avoid facing our current symbolic crisis .
The French are confronted every day with the declining influence of their language , art and cinema – moreover the " grey panther " generation is realising that their own children could not care less , deeply enmeshed as they are in the globalisation of culture .
To compensate for such losses , people over 40 are to be heard chanting mantras about the importance of French universal values and pointing fingers at those guilty of threatening them from inside France .
In fact , they are thus digging into a deep narcissistic wound , their helplessness facing globalisation and the waning of the " French exception " , driving them blindly to trash our most sacred fundamental values while pretending to defend them .
Whatever form the committee 's recommendation takes in law or decree , it will probably not be enforced , but a symbolic gesture , and a symbol of capitulation .
The French Republic has become so weak , so morally corrupted , that it is ready to kick over its most cherished principles : liberty , equality , fraternity , on the part of the political elite , out of cynicism and petty tactics ; on the part of the general public , out of irrational panic , even hatred for Muslims .
In any case , those women concerned , in the case of a ban , will either refuse to discard a garment that they feel does no harm to anybody , go underground at home , becoming still more economically dependent on their families , or obey – but with a desperate feeling of frustration making them vulnerable to recruitment by Islamist groups .
The worst about all this fuss is that we are completely off target .
Women ­donning the full veil are not against modernity but represent rather its sophisticated product , just like ­westernised Buddhists .
The veil , ­surprising as this may seem , is good news for modern values .
Some smart young women keep a niqab in their bag but only wear it in Paris 's Rue Jean - Pierre Timbaud , in order to draw attention to the fact that they belong to the best Muslim set , that they really have got that Muslim chic , something like the equivalent ­behaviour in a gay district .
This deep western social movement is no threat to modern values , but rather vindicates the ­latter under unexpected aesthetic guise : it is so ­individualistic and depoliticised that it is more of a real threat for Islamism and terrorist ­networks themselves .
It is a massive blunder to fight this new , ultra - modern Islam .
And it is not only France that is heading towards a colossal error of understanding – ­politically capable of spinning into ­historic ­proportions – but also Europe , the United States , and all the other ­post - industrial countries , blinkered by Islamophobia , who turn out to be ­incapable of catching up on their own deep cultural changes and recognising their own best interests .
It is a kind of collective , ­generational jet lag .
By Crawford Kilian
Published February 16 , 2010 09:15 pm |
Maher Arar , a software engineer until his removal to Syria , is now an online publisher .
Prism Magazine : The Security Practices Monitor launched in mid-January .
It offers articles on human rights and national security , written by Canadian , American and British experts in law , journalism , and human rights .
They include Pulitzer Prizewinning journalist Jeff Sallot ; Alex Neve , Secretary General of Amnesty International 's English Canada branch ; Margaret Satterthwaite of the New York University School of Law ; and Amir Attaran , professor in law and medicine at the University of Ottawa .
The most recent article , by Alex Neve , looks ahead to the coming decade " with slight reason to feel hopeful that the security pendulum is very slowly starting to swing back towards human rights .. "
Crawford Kilian is a contributing editor of The Tyee .
Astronomy Ireland says a major fireball was spotted over Ireland at around 6 pm this evening .
It says the rock from space was seen blazing in the air by people all over the country .
There are reports that the fireball has landed in a field near Crimlin in Co Cavan .
Astronomy Ireland says it is unlikely to have injured anyone as it would have slowed down when it hit the atmosphere .
Valentia Coastguard said it has had reports of sightings from people living in Mullingar , Limerick , Ballybunion and Bantry .
If you have any photos or video of the fireball you can send them to yourphotos@rte.ie
Britain yesterday marked the first anniversary of Israel 's military onslaught on Gaza by announcing a £ 50 m aid package for Palestinians , including backing for what it called " a drive against extremism " among the territory 's young people .
The move came 24 hours after Israeli forces killed six Palestinians – three of them Gaza civilians – in one of the conflict 's deadliest days since the three - week offensive that began with massive aerial bombing of Hamas targets a year ago yesterday .
Yesterday Hamas marked the anniversary of the conflict with protests in the Gaza city of Jebaliya , close to where senior militant leader Nizar Rayyan was killed by an Israeli bomb .
But with only 3,000 loyalists in attendance , according to AP , most residents ignored calls to show solidarity with their leadership , many expressing their dissatisfaction with Gaza 's economic collapse by staying at home .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The British aid is in part intended to alleviate that crisis .
The bulk of the money will go to budget support for the moderate - led Palestinian Authority ( PA ) in Ramallah .
But £ 7 m has been earmarked to help war - stricken Gazans in the winter .
Another £ 5 m will pay for 562 teachers in UN Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) schools in the area .
John Ging , UNRWA 's Gaza operation director , has indicated one of the biggest challenges faced by UNRWA schools for 260,000 refugee children in Gaza is tackling extremism fuelled by the winter offensive and Israel 's continued siege .
Mr Ging , who welcomed the British package , has said an end to the blockade would be a major help in countering radicalism among Gaza 's young .
Douglas Alexander , the International Development Secretary , said yesterday : " Better education in Gaza , free from extremist influences , is key to building the region 's future . "
Mr Alexander , one of only a handful of EU ministers to have visited Gaza in the last two years , called on Israel to lift the embargo imposed after the breakdown of the Hamas - Fatah coalition and Hamas 's seizure by force of full control of the Strip in June 2007 .
He said conditions were " dire " with " large numbers " of children lacking shelter , access to water and a balanced diet .
The Israeli military said that three Palestinians - associated with Fatah 's military wing - whom it killed in Nablus early on Saturday were responsible for the fatal shooting earlier in the week of a rabbi who lives in the northern West Bank Jewish settlement of Shavei Shomron .
The Western - backed PA has protested at the military 's incursion which has put strains on its security accords with Israel .
With hopes currently in the balance for an early prisoner exchange for Gilad Shalit , the Israeli sergeant seized by Gaza militants in June 2006 , Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu told Cabinet ministers yesterday that one of the three militants killed in Nablus had been freed from an Israeli jail .
AP quoted a participant at the meeting as saying Mr Netanyahu had said " We want to free captives , but at the same time , we want to minimise the risk to our civilians . "
The three Gazans aged 19 and 20 , were killed by fire from an Israeli helicopter as they approached the border barrier with Israel .
The army said the three were hit after they ignored warning shots .
Relatives said the three had been trying to sneak into Israel to find work .
If I could read more with a Kindle , it stood to reason that I was n’t reading enough without one .
Getting and consuming increasingly MORE information is an end in of itself these days .
Female promiscuity , the normal sexual behaviour for most animals , may be necessary for the survival of a species , U.K. biologists say .
Two fruit flies mate during an experiment by U.K. researchers into female promiscuity , or polyandry .
The study suggests promiscuous females may be the key to the species ’ survival .
( ( University of Exeter ) )
Researchers at the University of Exeter and the University of Liverpool studying fruit flies found that females having multiple mates reduced the risk of a population of flies going extinct .
The phenomenon of females having multiples mates , called polyandry , is the norm for most animal species , but biologists are n't sure why .
The scientists studied two groups of fruit fly populations , one that was allowed to mate naturally , where the females had multiple male partners , and one monogamous group , where the females were limited to one mate .
They bred the fruit flies , Drosophila pseudoobscura , for multiple generations and monitored their success .
They found that over 15 generations , five of the 12 monogamous populations of flies had gone extinct because mating resulted in all - female broods , and all the males died out .
All - female broods can result from a sex- ratio distortion gene , which causes sperm carrying Y chromosomes to disappear before fertilization .
The research , appearing this week in Current Biology , shows that female promiscuity suppressed the spread of the sex-ratio distortion gene .
Males with the gene produced only sperm carrying the X chromosome , and had half as many sperm cells as other males .
When females mate with multiple partners , their eggs are more likely to be fertilized by sperm not carrying the gene , simply because there are more of them .
This limited the spread of the sex - ratio distortion gene and ensured that the all - female broods were a rarity .
Nina Wedell of the University of Exeter said the research team was surprised at how quickly the monogamous populations died out .
" Polyandry is such a widespread phenomenon in nature , but it remains something of an enigma for scientists .
This study is the first to suggest that it could actually save a population from extinction , " said Wedell , in a statement .
The passport copy of a man identified by Dubai authorities as Adam Marcus Korman of Australia is one of 26 possibly forged passports used in the assassination of a Hamas official at a Dubai luxury hotel .
( ( Dubai Police / Handout / Reuters ) )
Australia 's foreign minister has summoned Israel 's ambassador to investigate the use of forged Australian passports in a Dubai assassination .
Stephen Smith called Yuval Rotem to his office in Canberra , the capital , on Thursday .
He warned him any involvement of Israel in the use of the passports — used in the Jan. 19 killing of a senior Hamas figure — would not be seen as the " act of a friend . "
" I made it crystal clear to the ambassador that if the results of that investigation cause us to come to the conclusion that the abuse of the Australian passports was in any way sponsored or condoned by Israeli officials , then Australia would not regard that as the act of a friend , " Smith told reporters .
Earlier in the day , Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said his government would " not let the matter rest " until the facts were known , and called the forgery of Australian passports " by any state , let alone for the purposes of assassination … of the deepest concern " to the government .
" We 've got to get to the bottom of this and establish the facts , " Rudd told the Australian Broadcasting Corporation
Australian Prime Minister Kevin Rudd said Thursday the forgery of Australian passports by any state is ' of deepest concern ' to his government .
( ( Christian Charisius / Reuters ) )
" It is not a trifling matter , " Rudd said .
" It is not something you just push to one side .
We will not leave a single stone unturned . "
Dubai authorities have warned their Australian counterparts of the possible use of forged passports in the Jan.19 slaying of Mahmoud al - Mabhouh in a hotel room in Dubai , United Arab Emirates .
Three of the 26 possibly fraudulent passports are Australian .
The others are British , Irish , French and German .
Dubai 's police chief , Lt. Gen. Dahi Khalfan Tamim , has said he was nearly " 100 per cent " certain that Israel 's Mossad secret service masterminded the killing .
Hamas also has blamed Israel and vowed revenge .
Israeli officials have a policy of not commenting on allegations about any of its spy agency 's activities .
Australian officials do not believe the three Australian passport holders — Joshua Daniel Bruce , Adam Marcus Korman and Nicole Sandra McCabe — had any involvement in the incident , Smith said .
O'Brien may have moved to La-La Land but he 's still a preferred taste ... like pickled pig 's feet , or poached tripe ... and I have no appetitie for either !!
I did give him a chance ... but he blew it .
Still an un-funny dork , who tries too hard .
Sure has big shoes to fill ... and it O'Brien may have moved to La-La Land but he 's still a preferred taste ... like pickled pig 's feet , or poached tripe ... and I have no appetitie for either !!
I did give him a chance ... but he blew it .
Still an un-funny dork , who tries too hard .
Sure has big shoes to fill ... and it is n't going to happen .
Sorry Old Boy , but you are out of your league .
Maybe he should take lessons from David Letterman ...
Funny , comfortable in his skin , with inimitable class ...
All three always missing in Conan O'Brien from the start of his hosting career .
But I will give him an E for effort .
…
Expand
Clojure debug- repl Tricks - Dec 16 , 2009
Debugging Clojure Macros
It can be tough debugging macros in Clojure .
Here 's a quick demo of using the debug - repl to do so .
This is the standard " doto " macro from clojure .core , with two changes .
I changed the name so you can define it in the user namespace , and I removed one character so that it no longer works .
Experienced macro hackers will see my flaw fairly quickly , but that is n't the point .
The debug - repl gives you a tool to play with macros definitions at the repl .
Makes it easier to see what going on .
Here is the bad definition :
( defmacro doto - bad [ x forms ] ( let [ gx ( gensym ) ] `( let [ ~ gx ~x ] ~@(map ( fn [ f ] ( if ( seq ? f ) `( ~( first f ) ~ gx ~ @( next f ) ) `( ~f ~ gx ) ) ) forms ) ~ gx ) ) )
Try to run it like so , and you get an exception :
user= > ( doto - bad " abc " println ) java.lang.RuntimeException : java.lang.RuntimeException : java.lang.IllegalArgumentException :
Do n't know how to create ISeq from : clojure.lang.Symbol ( NO_SOURCE_FILE:0 )
Try to macroexpand it to see what is going on , and you get an exception :
user= > ( macroexpand '( doto - bad " abc " println ) ) java.lang.RuntimeException : java.lang.RuntimeException : java.lang.IllegalArgumentException :
Do n't know how to create ISeq from : clojure.lang.Symbol ( NO_SOURCE_FILE:0 )
Now redefine it to include the debug - repl :
user= > ( defmacro doto - bad [ x forms ] ( let [ gx ( gensym ) ] ( debug - repl ) `( let [ ~ gx ~x ] ~@(map ( fn [ f ] ( if ( seq ? f ) `( ~( first f ) ~ gx ~ @( next f ) ) `( ~f ~ gx ) ) ) forms ) ~ gx ) ) ) #'user / doto - bad
Invoke the macro like normal to start the debug - repl , and examine the locals :
user= > ( doto - bad " abc " println ) dr-1-1022 => x " abc " dr-1-1022 => forms println dr-1-1022 => gx G__3709
See if you can regenerate the exception by eval 'ing the main part of the macro :
dr -1-1022 => `( let [ ~ gx ~x ] ~@(map ( fn [ f ] ( if ( seq ? f ) `( ~( first f ) ~ gx ~ @( next f ) ) `( ~f ~ gx ) ) ) forms ) ~ gx ) java.lang.IllegalArgumentException :
Do n't know how to create ISeq from : clojure.lang.Symbol ( clojure.core/let
Now narrow the scope of the problem by testing increasingly smaller chunks of code :
dr -1-1022 => ( map ( fn [ f ] ( if ( seq ? f ) `( ~( first f ) ~ gx ~ @( next f ) ) `( ~f ~ gx ) ) ) forms ) java.lang.IllegalArgumentException :
Do n't know how to create ISeq from : clojure.lang .
Symbol ( dr - 1-1022 => ( map identity forms ) java.lang.IllegalArgumentException :
Do n't know how to create ISeq from : clojure.lang .
Symbol
Since we are pretty sure " map " and " identity " both work , the problem appears to be with " forms " .
Seems like it needs to be a seq rather than a symbol .
We can show that changing that fixes the problem , without ever leaving the debug - repl :
( dr - 1- 1022 => forms println dr-1- 1022 => ( map identity [ forms ] ) ( println ) dr-1-1022 => ( map ( fn [ f ] ( if ( seq ? f ) `( ~( first f ) ~ gx ~ @( next f ) ) `( ~f ~ gx ) ) ) [ forms ] ) ( ( println G__3709 ) ) dr-1-1022 => `( let [ ~ gx ~x ] ~@(map ( fn [ f ] ( if ( seq ? f ) `( ~( first f ) ~ gx ~ @( next f ) ) `( ~f ~ gx ) ) ) [ forms ] ) ~ gx ) ( clojure.core / let [ G__3709 " abc " ] ( println G__3709 ) G__3709 )
Everything appears to be working now , so something must be wrong with our original definition of the " forms " arg .
As you 've probably surmised , I left the ampersand off of the forms def so that the arg was a symbol rather than a seq of symbols .
Changing that back fixes the problem .
Hopefully , this demo has given you a better idea of the power of the debug repl .
The most recent version is available here :
http://gist.github.com/255883
That 's it for now .
Send any comments / questions to George Jahad at " george - clojure at blackbirdsystems.net " or to the main clojure mailing list :
http://groups.google.com/group/clojure
j Query 1.4 , MooTools 1.2 Compared
By Ryan Florence , published 2010- 02-05
Part of the issue Migrated Articles From Original Site Structure ..
Background
I recently read jQuery 1.4 Released : The 15 New Features you Must Know over at Nettuts and thought it would be interesting to compare the features of MooTools 1.2 to the new features in jQuery 1.4 , released 18 months later .
I did n’t try hard to sound unbiased in this article .
I prefer MooTools and it ’s evident in the things I notice about jQuery when viewed through my biased eyes .
However , please do n’t read this as though I ’m trying to convince you to switch from jQuery to Mootools , or that jQuery is inferior , or assume that you browse the web with IE , use Windows , drive a Ford , and drink Pepsi .
I ’m just sharing my thoughts as a mootools developer ( I do use jquery on inherted projects )
Anyway , I ’ve included a working code snippet for each feature using jsfiddle , save a few , so that you can goof with the code and see how awesome some of these new features in jQuery are , and how awesome some have always been in MooTools .
Some of the embedded shells are acting funny so you may need to click the pencil button to really see what ’s going on .
Enjoy !
1. Passing Attributes During Element Construction
j Query 1.4
j Query ( ' < div / > ' , { id : ' foo ' , css : { fontWeight : 700 , color : ' green ' } , click : function ( ) { alert ( ' Foo has been clicked ! ' ) ; } } ) ;
MooTools ( all versions )
new Element ( ' div ' , { id : ' foo ' , styles : { ' font - weight ' : 700 , color : ' green ' } , events : { ' click ' : function ( ) { alert ( ' Foo has been clicked ! ' ) ; } } } ) ;
j Query is looking a lot more moo-ish here by passing an object in rather than chaining everything .
jQuery Shell
MooTools Shell
2. Everything Until !
HTML
< ul id =" fruit " >
< li> Apple </li > < li>Banana</ li > < li> Grape </li > < li> Strawberry </li > < li> Pear </ li > < li> Peach </li > </ul >
j Query 1.4
jQuery ( 'ul # fruit li:contains ( Apple ) ').nextUntil(': contains ( Pear ) ' ) ; // Selects Banana , Grape , Strawberry
MooTools 1.2 + Element .
GetUntil Plugin
$ $ ( 'ul li:contains ( Apple ) ' ) [ 0].getAllNextUntil(':contains ( Pear ) ) ; // more mooish $ ( ' fruit ') .getElement('li:contains ( Apple ) ').getAllNextUntil(':contains( Pear ) ) ;
I thought these new until methods were interesting so I extended MooTools with similar functionality .
See my post about Element .
GetUntil .
jQuery
MooTools
3. Binding Multiple Events
j Query 1.4
j Query ( '# foo ' ) . bind ( { click : function ( ) { // do something } , mouseover : function ( ) { // do something } , mouseout : function ( ) { // do something } } ) ;
MooTools ( all versions )
$ ( ' foo ' ) .
addEvents ( { click : function ( ) { // do something } , mouseenter : function ( ) { // do stuff a bit better than mouseover } , mouseleave : function ( ) { // do stuff a bit better than mouseout } } ) ;
j Query 1.4 again is looking a lot more like mootools , very nice because now you can store a handful of events in an object and toss them around .
Note : “ MooTools features mouseenter and mouseleave because mouseover / mouseout sometimes just do n’t not work as expected .
Mouseenter only fires once you enter the element and does not fire again if your mouse crosses over children of the element . ”
moootools.net
jQuery
MooTools
4. Per Property Easing
j Query 1.4
j Query ( '# foo ' ) .animate ( { left : 500 , top : [ 500 , ' easeOutBounce ' ] } , 2000 ) ;
MooTools 1.2 + Fx. Transmorph Plugin
Fx .
Transmorph is the same thing , different syntax :
$ ( ' foo ' ) .
transmorph ( {height : 100 , width : 100} , {width : ' bounce:out '} ) ;
MooTools 1.2 + Fx . Flux Plugin
Fx .
Flux is unique in that it allows you to define ANY of the Fx .
Morph instructions rather than just the transition .
Yes , you can change the duration , transition , unit , etc .
$ ( ' foo ' ) .
flux ( { ' top ' :[ 370 , { duration : 1500 , transition :' bounce:out ' } ] , ' left ' : [ 370 , { duration : 3000 , transition :' cubic:out ' } ] } ) ;
Just Mootools
You ’d have to set up multiple Tween / Morph instances .
However , this affords you control over every aspect of the tween ( including events ) , not just the easing .
var foo = $ ( ' foo ' ) ; var fooFx1 = new Fx. Tween ( foo , { transition : ' elastic:out ' , duration : 2000 , onStart : function ( ) { // do something fun } } ) ; var fooFx2 = new Fx. Morph ( foo , { transition : ' sine :in:out ' , duration : 500 , onComplete : function ( ) { // do something important } } ) ; fooFx1.start ( ' left ',500 ) ; fooFx2.start ( {' top ':500 , ' border ' : ' 10'} ) ;
So yeah , a lot of code .
I think jQuery implemented something cool here and I certainly hope to see a version of Fx . Flux in the mootools forge .
When we all start getting crazy with canvas and svg we ’ll want leaner syntax for animation than the mootools code block above this , and more control than just the easing in jQuery .
Oh , Fx .
Flux , yes , that ’s what I ’m thinking of .
jQuery
MooTools Fx. Flux
5. Live Events
That ’s just another name for event delegation .
I ’ve got an entire post on event delegation with mootools .
Basic concept , instead of adding the same events ( or as jquery calls it , binding events ) on multiple elements , just add the event to a single parent element and delegate , or relay the event to the children .
Then any dynamically added elements ( inserted via ajax , or otherwise ) will have the event .
j Query 1.4
j Query ( 'ul # foo li' ) . live ( ' click ' , function ( ) { // do something with this } ) ;
MooTools 1.2 + Element .
Delegates
$ ( ' foo ' ) .addEvent(' click:relay ( li ) ' ) ;
Some very big differences in the two approaches here .
j Query listens to the entire document for clicks .
That feels a little , erm , less - awesome than it should be .
That means every single click goes ahead and finds out if it was an li inside of foo that was clicked .
MooTools only listens to the element you tell it to .
MooTools is also more clear about what ’s going on .
You are adding the event to an element that will relay the event to it ’s matched children .
The identical code in MooTools to the jquery example would be :
document.addEvent('click:relay ( ul#foo > li ) ' ) ;
But do n’t ever do that if you do n’t have to .
Srsly d00d .
Do n’t get me wrong , event delegation is one of my favorite toys , so I ’m very excited it ’s part of jQuery now , just a bit disappointed I have to listen to the whole document , he ’s going to be a busy man .
Note : Jquery kicks MooTools in the pants when it comes to delegating focusin and focusout .
The current implementation of MooTools event delegation does n’t support the focus and blur methods , but MooTools 2.0 will .
jQuery
MooTools
6. Controlling a Functions Context
In other words , what will this be inside a function ?
Given this :
var app = { config : { clickMessage : ' Hi ! ' } , clickHandler : function ( ) { alert ( this.config.clickMessage ) ; } } ; // jQuery jQuery ( 'a ' ) .bind ( ' click ' , app.clickHandler ) ; // wo n't work , `this` is the clicked `a` // Mootools $ $ ( 'a ' ) .addEvent ( ' click ' , app.clickHandler ) ; // same thing
When an anchor tag is clicked , we want to alert this.config.clickMessage , or ‘ Hi !’.
Here are the solutions :
j Query 1.4
j Query ( 'a' ) .bind ( ' click ' , jQuery.proxy ( app , ' clickHandler ' ) ) ;
MooTools ( all versions )
$ $ ('a ' ) .addEvent ( ' click ' , app.clickHandler.bind(app ) ) ;
This should have been in jQuery a long time ago .
I have a hard time imagining writing a well structured javascript app without binding , or proxy - ing (? ) as shown in this example .
I think the MooTools syntax is easier as you do n’t have to split up the object , just bind it .
Things get a little confusing too with jQuery when you ’ve got nested methods in an object :
var app = { config : { clickMessage : ' Hi ! ' } , clickHandler : function ( ) { alert ( this.config.clickMessage ) ; } , nested : { keyupHandler : function ( ) { alert ( this.config.clickMessage ) ; } } } ; jQuery ( 'a ' ) . bind ( { ' click ' : jQuery.proxy ( app , ' clickHandler ' ) , ' keyup ' : jQuery.proxy(app.nested.keyupHandler , app ) // backwards ?
} // MooTools $ $ ( 'a ' ) .addEvents ( { ' click ' : app.clickHandler.bind(app ) ' keyup ' : app.nested.keyupHandler.bind(app ) // coherent } ) ;
Seems really strange to swap the arguments around to accommodate a nested method .
MooTools is much clearer here , just pass in the function as you would normally , then bind whatever you want .
jQuery
MooTools
7. Delay an animation queue
jQuery
$ ( ' # foo ' ) .animate ( {' width ' : 250} ) .delay ( 500 ) .fadeOut ( ) .delay ( 1000 ) . fadeIn ( ) ;
MooTools 1.2 with Chain .
Wait
$ ( ' foo ' ) . tween ( ' width ' , 250 ) .pause Fx( 500 ) . fade ( ' out ' ) .pauseFx( 1000 ) . fade ( 'in ' ) ;
jQuery
MooTools
8. Check if an element has something
j Query 1.4
j Query ( ' div ' ) .has ( 'ul ' ) ;
MooTools 1.2
$ ( 'div ' ) . hasChild ( 'ul ' ) ;
9 . Unwrap an element
j Query 1.4
j Query ( 'p ').unwrap ( ) ;
MooTools 1.2
Nuthin ’ baked in , but if you find yourself needing to unwrap elements often you could extend Element to handle it .
// include this with your other classes and javascript Element.implement ( { unwrap : function ( ) { var parent = this.getParent( ) ; parent.getChildren ( ).inject ( parent , 'before ' ) ; parent.dispose ( ) ; return this ; } } ) ; // now you 've got unwrap $ ( 'p ' ) .unwrap ( ) ;
Edit :
Thanks to Chee Aun in the comments , he pointed out that I missed text nodes in my solution .
Indeed .
Check out his gist for a better solution .
You would instead target an element to remove rather than a child to oust it ’s parent .
jQuery
MooTools
10 . Remove elements without deleting data
jQuery
foo.detach ( ) ; //
Remove it from the DOM // ... do stuff foo.appendTo ( ' body ' ) ; //
Add it back to the DOM
MooTools ( all versions )
foo.dispose ( ) ; //
Remove from the DOM // ... do stuff foo.inject( document.body ) ; //
Add it back to the DOM
Again , this was one of those things that surprised me that jquery did n’t have , especially since jQuery ’s focus is the DOM .
It ’s especially helpful when you ’ve got some heavy duty dom manipulation going on : pull everything out , manipulate , the browser does n’t try to redraw , inject it back into the DOM .
Only redraws once .
11 . Index enhancements
j Query 1.4
j Query ( ' li ' ).click ( function ( ) { alert ( j Query ( this ) .index ( ) ) ; alert ( j Query ( this ) .index ( ' li.other ' ) ) ; } ) ;
MooTools
var els = $ $ ( ' li ' ) ; els.addEvent ( ' click ' , function ( ) { alert( els.indexOf( this ) ) ; alert ( $ $ ( ' li.other ' ) .indexOf( this ) ) ; } ) ; // more common $ $ ( ' li ' ) .each ( function ( element , index ) { element.addEvent( ' click ' , function ( ) { alert ( index ) ; } ) ; } ) ;
This is clearly more valuable to the jquery coding style .
I ’ve never used indexOf in mootools , I ’m usually in an each loop .
jQuery
MooTools
12 . DOM Manipulation accepts functions as arguments
j Query 1.4
j Query ( ' li ' ) .html( function ( i ) { return ' Index of this list item : ' + i ; } ) ;
This is actually quite interesting , it ’s geared a lot more toward the coding style of jQuery than mootools , but after talking to Thomas Aylott about it , we ( read : he ) , came up with this …
MooTools 1.2 with Elements.setEach Plugin
$ $ ( ' li ' ) .
setEach ( ' html ' , function ( i ) { return ' Index of this list item : ' + i ; } ) ; // actually , there 's a ton you can do with setEach function replaceFooWithBar ( string ) { return String ( string ) .replace (/\bfoo\b/g ,'bar ' ) ; } ; // just like jQuery $ $ ( 'a ' ) .
setEach ( ' href ' , function ( currentHref , i ) { return currentHref + '? foo=bar ' ; } ) ; // or pass in an array of stuff and it'll do it all // notice how `html` is accessible in the function $ $ ( 'a ' ) .
setEach ( ' html ' , [ " New foo HTML ! " , function ( html ) { return html + ' appended moar foo !' ; } , replaceFooWithBar , function ( html , i) { return html + ' Index is ' + i ; } ] ) ; // or set multiple things , in this case , multiple styles $ $ ( 'a ' ) .setEachStyle({ ' color ' : function ( currentColor , i ) { i = i.toString ( 16 ) ; return [' # ' , i , i , i ] .join ( ' ' ) ; } , ' background-color ' : function ( currentColor , i ) { i = ( 15 - i ) .toString ( 16 ) ; return [' # ' , i , i , i ] . join ( ' ' ) ; } } ) ;
Radical .
Hats off to Thomas Aylott for this 30 minute script .
jQuery
MooTools
13 . Determine the Type of Object ( sort of )
j Query 1.4
jQuery.isEmptyObject({} ) ; // true jQuery.isEmptyObject({foo:1} ) ; // false jQuery.isPlainObject({} ) ; // true jQuery.isPlainObject(window ) ; // false jQuery.isPlainObject( jQuery ( ) ) ; // false
I ’m not entirely sure how helpful this is .
Seems like if an object is empty when you iterate over it , nothing happens , is there a reason to check first ?
Also , why do I care if it ’s {} versus new Object ( ) .
I ’m genuinely curious , not bashing .
MooTools 1.2
Straight from Keetology : Up the Moo Herd V : Evident Utensil
// JavaScript 's typeof operator .. typeof " a " ; // ' string ' typeof 1 ; // ' number ' typeof {} ; // ' object ' typeof [ ] ; // ' object '.. wait , what ?
typeof /m/ ; // ' object ' in some , ' function ' in others .. typeof $ ( 'id ' ) ; // ' object '.. you 're not helping ! // $ type .. $ type ( " a " ) ; // ' string ' $ type ( 1 ) ; // ' number ' $ type ( {} ) ; // ' object ' $ type ( [ ] ) ; // ' array '.. nice !
$ type (/m/ ) ; // ' regexp '.. perfect ! $ type ( $ ( 'id ' ) ) ; // ' element '.. now you 're just showing off ..
I know , different , but when I read the header this is the type of thing I expected .
14 . Closest (…) Enhancements
Nothing in mootools like this .
It seems really similar parentsUntil .
15 . New Events !
focusin and focusout
As mentioned earlier , you ca n’t delegate the focus and blur methods directly ; jQuery has created these two custom events to make it possible .
Flippin ’ awesome .
MooTools 1.2 does n’t have this ability , but MooTools 1.3 ( due any day now ) will have focus , blur , and every other event known to geek .
The Score
Already in MooTools 1.1 or 1.2
1 , 3 , 5 , 6 , 7 , 8 , 10 , 11
Not in MooTools - core or - more
2 , 4 , 9 , 12 , 13 , 14 , 15
Available as a plugin in the MooTools forge
2 , 4 , 12
j Query put the smack down
15 ( But hey , 1.3 is coming ! )
Conclusion
Obviously , the styles of jQuery v. MooTools are very different so these comparisons are always a bit funny since both frameworks approach javascript differently .
I think the jQuery users out there are going to love some of these new features , especially the ones that mootools developers have been using for a while now .
JQuery continues to be a one stop shop for the DOM , packing in everything you could ever want to do to an element ( 1.4 is over 150 k now uncompressed ) while MooTools keeps making - core leaner and more modular ( there ’s even a server version with no browser or DOM stuff ) , and encouraging users to only pull in the classes and plugins they need .
Potayto , potahto .
It ’s interesting to note that some of jQuery ’s stuff is starting to pass objects in as arguments rather than encouraging long chains .
It may just become a bunch of your own Object Oriented Tools ( YooTools , oh snap ! )
Seriously , the new jQuery is a winner , it ’s exciting to visit websites that are using any of the great libraries out there , advancing the web experience .
Just in case you had any doubt about the direct -- and I mean direct -- intervention of the US Conference of Catholic Bishops in curtailing women 's rights in US health reform legislation , here is the latest evidence of how some representatives are working at what appears to be the behest of the bishops .
Ben Nelson is holding a Senate Stupak Amendment until the Bishops " have time to review it . "
Just in case you had any doubt about the direct–and I mean direct –intervention of the US Conference of Catholic Bishops in curtailing women ’s rights in US health reform legislation , here is the latest evidence of how some representatives are working at what appears to be the behest of the bishops .
Congressional Quarterly reports :
Ben Nelson hardened his stance on abortion language Thursday , stating
he would not vote for a health care overhaul unless the bill ’s proposed
restrictions on insurance coverage for abortions are tightened .
[ Though ] he had said earlier in the week that abortion language was not a make - or - break proposition in the debate .
If the Stupak Amendment is not passed , Nelson has stated he will join a Republican filibuster against the bill .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Without Nelson , Reid will need at least one Republican to reach the 60
votes he needs to limit debate on the health care overhaul and bring it
to a vote .
The likeliest candidate is Olympia J. Snowe of Maine , who
voted for a version of the legislation approved by the Finance
Committee .
But to win their votes Reid will have to :
yield to Snowe ’s demands on another contentious issue in the health care debate : the government - run insurance plan , known as the “ public option , ” that many Democrats want to create to compete with private insurers .
Snowe is skeptical of the proposal and has said she will support a public option only if it is structured as a fallback , triggered solely in the event that private insurers fail to offer coverage considered affordable .
Discussions are underway to reach a compromise position in creating a public option similar in some respects to the plan Snowe has outlined .
Nelson and Senator Orrin G. Hatch ( R - Utah ) appear to have engaged in a sort of pissing match on who owns the strategy of taking away women ’s rights in the Senate bill .
Nelson reportedly wanted to offer his amendment this week , but held off after Hatch said he thought that the measure was being rushed to the floor .
Why ?
Because Hatch wanted his name to be first .
Hatch had expected to be the lead sponsor of the amendment , and he said he thought it was “ discourteous ” that Nelson was preparing — apparently at the behest of his leadership — to call up the amendment without Hatch ’s consent .
To be fair , Hatch was " there " first .
He offered a version of the Stupak Amendment to the evolving health reform bill in committee this past summer .
It failed .
For his part , Nelson said that the amendment ’s language was not finished , and that groups opposed to abortion — notably the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops — needed more time to review it .
So there we are ladies :
Your lives in the hands of the U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops , a small group of men who do n’t even represent the majority of their own faith much less the majority of Americans .
And the Senators in question are not even shy about admitting it .
EmptyPage.jp > Translations > 使える GUI デザイン
使える GUI デザイン :
フリー／オープンソース・ソフトウェア開発者のための手引き
Benjamin Roe さんの 、Usable GUI Design : A Quick Guide for F/ OSS Developers の M.Shibata による日本語訳です。プロジェクト杉田玄白正式参加テキスト。
Update : この記事についてたくさんのコメントをいただいたので、FAQを作って、そのうちのいくつかについて回答することにしました（訳注 : FAQ も翻訳しました！） 。
イントロダクショ ン
オープンソース・ソフトウェアの世界は優れたソフトウェアでいっぱいです。ワードプロセッサから
Web サービスにいたるまで、コンピュータでしたいと思うようなおおよそすべての作業において、高品質のフリー／オープンソース・ソフトウェアを利用することができます。しかしこうして勢ぞろいしたソフトウェアにも、ひとつ欠点があります。あるべき使い勝手からかけ離れて使いにくいということがたびたびあるのです。UI デザインの専門家は、アプリケーションの開発にあたっていちばんに設計されるべきなのはユーザー・インターフェースであるといいますが、プログラマにはこうした設計をすることができません。それは
UI の専門家でなければできないことで、オープンソース・ソフトウェアのプロジェクトではこうした人々の手を借りることができず、それゆえ本当の使いやすさというものは望むべくもないというのです。
これは、わたしたちが UI デザインをあきらめるべきだということではありません。多くの商用アプリケーションの
UI の品質を見ればわかるように、スタッフにユーザビリティのエキスパートを加えればそれで優れたユーザー・インターフェースが保証されるというわけでもないのです。開発者の努力、知識、洞察力がアプリケーションの使い勝手を大きく向上させることを可能にするのです。わたしたちに見つけられるのは絶対的ではなくて近似的な解にすぎないかもしれませんが、それでもそれは正しい方向への進歩です。
こうした問題に数年にわたって取り組んだ末に、わたしはオープンソース・ソフトウェア開発者がアプリケーションの
GUI をデザインする際に守るべき 5 つの点について書くことにしました。これらは、わたしがオープンソース・ソフトウェアを使用・開発した経験と、こうしたことがらについて扱っているいくつかのたいへん興味深い書籍や
Web サイトから導き出したものです。それらの作品については参考文献に挙げてあります——ユーザビリティの問題に興味がある開発者にとってはどれもすばらしい読みものです。
ほとんどの作品に必ずしも実装を要求されないことがらや、ちょっとした論争になっているようなことがらについては、わたしはあえて軽く触れるにとどめました。より広い「すべてのアプリケーション」についてが本稿の対象だからです。ここに挙げていることは新しいことでもなければ、これといって難しいことでもありませんが、その効果には目を見張るものがあります。それから、わたしがここで取り上げる例についても述べておきます。そのうちのいくつかについては、アプリケーションの設定を変えることで解決できるものもあります。しかし、わたしはデフォルトの設定についてのみ考慮することにしました。デフォルトの状態こそが、そのアプリケーションにおけるもっとも使い勝手のよいデザインについての開発者の考えを表しているように思われるからです。
はじめるに先立って、予想される罵倒にそなえてもう一点述べておくことにしましょう。アプリケーションによっては、以下に述べることがとりわけ手厳しいものに聞こえるかもしれませんが、これに建設的な批評以外の意図はありません。ほとんどのアプリケーションをわたしは毎日使っており、いずれも献身的な開発者たちの何年にもわたる努力の賜物、とびきりの名品ぞろいです。わたしはただ、さらなる改善の余地を提案しているだけで、誰にたいする攻撃の意図もありません。
ポイント
0 ) ユーザーはアプリケーションを使うわけではない
コンピュータの UI デザインにおけるもっとも基本的なポイントは、ユーザーはあなたのアプリケーションを使うために使っているわけではないということです。ユーザーは自分の作業をできるだけ手早く片付けたいと思っていて、アプリケーションはたんにその助けとなる道具であるにすぎません。ユーザーをできるだけ早く解放してあげるアプリケーションほどよいアプリケーションです。あなたのアプリケーションを使うことに費やされた努力というのは、ユーザーのやろうとしている作業を片付けることには貢献していない努力なのです。Alan Cooper の 2 冊目の著作、 「 About Face 2.0」から、このことをうまく要約しているふたつを引用することにします。
「 ユーザーは賢く、そして多忙であると考えよ 」 「どんなにクールなインターフェースでも、それなしで済むに超したことはない」
本稿の残りの 4 点はこの原則の特別なケースであるというのにすぎません。
1 ) Fitt の法 則
Fitt の法則はもっとも基本的で有名な UI デザインの法則です。それによれば、スクリーン上のオブジェクトが大きくてマウスポインタに近いほど、クリックしやすいと述べられています。こんなことはあたりまえなのですが、それでも
UI デザインではすっかり無視されてしまうことが少なくありません。
図 1 : Firefox のツールバ ー
たとえば、デフォルトの Firefox のボタンバー（図 1 ）を考えてみてください 。Web ブラウジングでは、他と比べて圧倒的に押すことの多いボタンは［戻る］ボタンです。したがって［戻る］ボタンは押しやすくなくてはいけません。このようにアプリケーションを使うことに費やす労力を最小限にすることで、ユーザーが
Web ブラウジングに集中できるようになるのです。ところがこのボタンバーでは、5 つのボタンすべてが同じ大きさになっています。［中止］ボタンは本当に［戻る］ボタンと同じくらい重要なのでしょうか？ もちろん違います。よりよいデザインは図 2 のようなものになるでしょう。ここでは［戻る］ボタン は
Fitt の法則にしたがって大きく、そして他のボタンよりも目立つものになっています。
図 2 : 代替デザイン案
コントロールの外見上の大きさは、それをスクリーンの端に配置することで大きくすることができます。マウスカーソルはスクリーンの端にまで達すると、どんなに早くマウスを動かしていたとしても、そこでマウスカーソルの動きは止まります。このことは、マウスの使用者にとってはスクリーンの端にあるものは、スクリーンの外側に無限に広がっていることになるということを意味します。スクリーンの右上にある 1 ピクセルのターゲットにマウスカーソルを合わせるのは簡単なことです。マウスを右上に適当に「投げて」やればいいからです。スクリーンの中ほどにある 1 ピクセルにマウスカーソルを合わせてそれを押すのにはそれよりも時間がかかることでしょう。このことから、押しやすくあってほしいコントロールは、スクリーン端に配置されるべきだということがわかります。
図 3 : Metacity ウィンドウの装飾 。
ボタンの周辺に無効な領域がある。
もっとも簡単な例は、すべてのウィンドウに付いている（［閉じる］［最大化］などの）ウィンドウ操作用のボタンです。ウィンドウを操作しやすくするために、これらは押しやすくなっている必要があります。全アプリケーションの上隅にあるわけですから、これらは角に置く筆頭候補です。しかしながらそれを実践しているウィンドウ・マネージャはごくわずかです。ほとんどの
Metacity テーマがやっていませんし、XFCE4 もやっていません。ボタンを 1 ピクセル右上に移動させるだけで、ユーザーは目をつむってでもウィンドウを閉じることができるようになるというのにです。
図 4 : スクロールバー
1 ピクセルのギャップ。
もうひとつの例はスクロールバーです。わたしのデスクトップにあるほとんどのアプリケーションは、最大化したときにその右端から1 ピクセル離れたところにスクロールバーが付くようになっており、そうなっているばっかりにせっかくのポイントしやすい幅無限大のボックスは
10 ピクセルの小さなボックスへと縮められてしまっていて、わたしはスクロールしたいと思うたびにそこをクリックするのに余計な数秒を費やすことになってしまいます。
このことをまとめると以下のようになります。
よく使われるコントロールは大きく、目立つようにする。
スクリーンの端と四隅に配置されるコントロールは事実上無限に広がっているとみなすことができる。
スクリーンの端や四隅から 1 ピクセル離れてコントロールを置くようなことはしない。
2 ) 不必要なインターフェース
ユーザーが作業をしているときには、かれらの注意は行っている作業のことにあります。ユーザーがアプリケーションへと注意を向けるそのたびごとに、かれらが作業に集中しなおすだけの時間が失われていきます。したがって、アプリケーションがユーザーの気を散らせたり邪魔をしたりするようなことは最小限にとどめなければなりません。アプリケーションにはそれが対象としているアイテムというものが存在しています——テキストエディタならテキスト、Web ブラウザなら
Web ページです。インターフェースはそれが中心になるように作らなければいけません。
このことの例としては、確認や進行状況のダイアログが挙げられます。たとえば、Evolution
はわたしが［送受信］ボタンを押すたびにダイアログをポップアップしてメールをチェックしているその進行状況を教えます。このダイアログはメールを受信したので、ほかのアプリケーションへのアクセスをブロックしようという場合であればまっとうだといえます。しかしこのダイアログの提供しているものはなんでしょう？
これはたんにユーザーの邪魔をするのにしか役に立っていません。このダイアログは廃止して、ステータスバーの進捗メーターに置き換えたほうがずっとよいでしょう。
図 5 : gEdit の検索ダイアロ グ
さらに悪い例は KDE のごみ箱のデフォルトでの振る舞いです。ファイルをごみ箱に送るのは、簡単に復元でき、またユーザーが繰り返し行うこともある操作です。どうして簡単にやり直せる作業でユーザーに［OK］を毎回クリックするのを強制するのでしょうか。ユーザーにファイルがごみ箱に送られたということを警告したいのであれば、アニメーションのようなものを表示させればいいのです。こうした簡単な操作において毎回ユーザーの邪魔をしてはいけません。そんなことはユーザーをうるさがらせて作業を遅滞させ、ダイアログでやみくもに［OK］を押すよくない習慣を付けさせることにしかつながりません。
別の例はテキストエディタの検索機能でおなじみの「見つかりません」ダイアログです。検索ダイアログに入力した文字列が見つからなかったとすれば、おそらくは検索する文字列が間違っていたわけで、それなら検索文字列を修正して検索を続けようとするのが普通です。しかしそこには［OK］ボタンのついたダイアログボックスが立ちはだかっており、なにをするにもまずはそいつをクリックしてのけなければならないのです。ユーザーにはさらなる苛立ちと手間がかさみます。よい例としては
Firefox の検索ダイアログが挙げられます。これは検索語が見つからないときには赤く色が付くのです。
図 6 : あらゆる証拠に反して 、Slashdot には monkey は見あたらない 。
（訳注 : Slashdot の monkey というの は 、２ちゃんねるでいう厨房と同じような意味だそうです。山形浩生さんより教えていただきました。）
このことをまとめると : ユーザーの通り道につまずくような石を置かない。
ポップアップダイアログは役に立つ情報を含んでいる場合にのみ使う。
できるだけ非モーダルなステータス表示をする。
3 ) コンピュータのパワーを使え
コンピュータは昨今、1 秒間に何十億回もの演算をこなし、何百ギガバイトものストレージを使うことのできる、パワフルなものとなりました。かたや人間はといえば、何百年たってもそれほど変わっていません。わたしたちはいまだに疲れやすく、すぐ飽きるし、間違えるし、一度に限られた精神力しか発揮することができません。したがって、できるだけ多くの作業を、みすぼらしく擦り切れた人間などではなく、疲れ知らずでメチャ速の、目の前のコンピュータに任せるようにしたほうが賢明であるように思われるのです。
ユーザー・インターフェースにおいて、このアイデアの示唆するところは明白です。決定しなければならないことや、やらなければならないことがあるたびに、インターフェースがユーザーのためにそれをやってくれるようにできないか考えてみてください。たとえば、わたしのタスクバーには現在ふたつの
xterm が開いています（図 7）。ひとつは
SiEd のソースコードのあるディレクトリを開いており、もうひとつは論文の
LaTeX コードがあるディレクトリを開いています。どっちがどっちだかわかりますか？ わかりませんよね。そこでわたしは自分の作業したいほうを選ぶのに、タスクバーをクリックしたり、そこにマウスカーソルをもっていってツールチップを表示させたりすることになるわけです。しかしコンピュータはどっちがどっちなのか知っているのです。どうしてそれをわたしのためにやってくれないのでしょうか？
図 7 : GNOME のタスクバーは不親切だ 。
解決策は単純です。タスクバーにある同一のアプリケーションについては、タスク名を見て、それらを区別できるような情報を表示するようにすればよいのです。そうすれば、わたしは多くの異なるアプリケーションをほとんど考えることなく切り替えることができます。コンピュータがその作業をやってくれるので、わたしはそれをしなくてすむわけです。
もしコンピュータがそれほどまでに広大なストレージを利用できるというのであれば、終了させるたびにわたしの設定を忘れてしまうアプリケーションが多いのはどうしてなのでしょう？
わたしは Anjuta IDE は必ず最大化させて使うのですが 、Anjuta は起動させるとわたしの使っているスクリーンと同じくらいの大きさでウィンドウを初期化し、ウィンドウの左上をスクリーンから
3 ピクセル離れたところにもっていきます。そこでわたしはウィンドウを最大化させ、なにか開発をして、終了させます。次回
Anjuta を起動させると、それはまたもや最大化されていない状態に逆戻りです。そこでわたしは、やろうとしていたことについて考えるのを中断して、このプログラムを起動するたびに毎回最大化ボタンをクリックするのです。以前のウィンドウのサイズや場所、状態を記憶しておくのにはストレージの
20 バイトもあれば足りるでしょう。何千回のクリックに比べれば安いものです。
GNOME の Nautilus ファイルマネージャはこの点申し分ありません。ウィンドウのサイズからスクロールバーの位置に至るまで、すべてがウィンドウごとに記憶されており、一度ディレクトリのウィンドウを好みに設定しておけばもうそのことで頭を悩ませることはありません。
以上をまとめると以下のようになります :
コンピュータはパワフルだ : コンピュータのパワーでユーザーを助けよう。
似ているアイテムを区別しやすくしてあげよう。
アプリケーションの設定は記憶する。
4 ) アイテムは区別しやすく見つけやすく
このポイントはきわめてシンプルです。異なることをするスクリーン上のアイテムは見やすくそしてお互いに異なって見えるべきだということです。操作をしやすくしようと目論んで失敗している端的な例として、Konqueror のデフォルトのタスクバーをご覧ください。
図 8 : Konqueror のデフォルトのツールバ ー
左端のアイテムは上向きの矢印になっていて、Web ブラウザの中ではもっとも使用頻度の少ないコマンドが割り当てられています。左端というのはもっとも見つけやすくクリックしやすい場所ですから、もっともよく使われる操作がここにこなくてはいけません。わたしの知っている他のすべてのブラウザが［戻る］ボタンを左端に置いているのはそれが理由です。
検索ボタンとふたつのズームボタンはとても似通っています。［進む］［戻る］［上へ］［ホーム］そして［更新］ボタンはすべて同じ色をしています。すばやくこれらを見分けるのは至難の業です。さらに重要なことは、それらが 15 個も並んでいるということです！ 人間は 5 つ前後のアイテムを識別するのは得意で、それくらいであれば考え込まずに即座にすることができます。楽譜の譜面が
5 行からなっているのもそれが主な理由です。5 つを超えると、わたしたちは立ち止まって脳を使ってどれがどれであるかを考えなければならなくなります。優れたデザインでは、ツールバーにはもっともよく使われるアイテムのみが配置され、一般的にユーザーがしなければならないことを最小限に絞っています。多くのアプリケーションがこうしたたくさんのアイテムをタスクバーに並べていますが、Web
をブラウズするといった単純なタスクの場合は、15 個というのはやりすぎです。わたしは新規のユーザーが
Konqueror を使おうとして、この配置がいかにかれら自身を混乱させるかを見てきました。経験を積んだコンピュータユーザーであるわたしでさえ混乱するのですから。
アイテムの識別が困難になる別の例は、デフォルトの
GNOME で見られます。図 9 の範囲選択されたテキストを見てください。
図 9 : GNOME Simple theme のテキスト選 択
ユーザーがテキストを範囲選択したとき、彼の注意は選択したテキストにあります。ユーザーはおそらくそれをどうにかするために選択したのですから。それなのにどうしてこのテーマでは選択範囲の背景を暗い色にして、ユーザーが注目しているまさにそのテキストをスクリーン上で読みにくくしてしまうのでしょうか？
その部分を明るくして他の部分から際立たせ、読みやすくしたほうがよいのではないでしょうか？
このことをまとめると以下のようになります:
異なることをするアイテムは区別しやすく ユーザーを選択肢でおぼれさせない
選択していたりフォーカスのあたっているアイテムは目立たせ、読みやすいようにする
結論
以上の 5 つのポイントは些細なことですが 、UI デザインの重要な部分を占めています。これらは UI の問題についての、鉄の掟や特効薬といったものではありません。これらの原則にしたがってインターフェースをデザインすることで、わたしの意見によれば、アプリケーションの使い勝手を大きく向上できるということです。訂正や追加など、どんなコメントでも歓迎します（下記のメールアドレスへどうぞ、nospam の部分を取り除いてください） 。
これらのアイデアは簡単な要約にすぎません。インターフェース・デザインについて真剣に取り組もうという方には、下記に挙げる参考資料に目を通されることをお勧めします。Alan
Cooper の本はたいへんすばらしいものです 。Jef Raskin のはひじょうに役に立つ資料で、「普通」のインターフェース・デザインから離れた興味深いアイデアが含まれています。
本稿についてたくさんのコメントをいただいたので、そのうちのいくつかに答えるべく、FAQ
を書きました（FAQ 日本語訳）。
参考文献
更新履歴（オリジナル）
2004-11-19 : 再インストールしたらなんだか状態を覚えてくれるようになったので、OpenOffice の最大化の例を Anjuta の例に変更。
2004 -11-21 : KDE と GNOME HIGs へのリンクを追加 。
2004 -11-21 : FAQ へのリンクを追加 。
著者につい て
わたしはフリーソフトウェアの擁護者で、GPL
ライセンスの Palm OS デバイス向けテキストエディタ 、SiEd のメイン・デベロッパーです。実生活では、インペリアル・カレッジのプロセスシステム工学科で
Process Scheduling の PhD をしています 。
Benjamin Roe
オリジナルの著作 権
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons License and is Copyright Benjamin Roe 2004 .
この翻訳につい て
ご意見、ご感想、誤字・誤訳のご指摘等は M.Shibata まで Visitor 's Voice よりお寄せください。この HTML のソースには原文がコメントとして埋め込まれていますので、ご指摘の参考にしてください。また、とくに以下の点について助言をいただけるとありがたいです。
" window decoration " の訳語 。
ボタンバー／ツールバー／タスクバーの用語の使われ方が混乱しているように見えるのですが、これはそういうものなんでしょうか。それともたんなる不統一？ 僕は GNOME とか KDE とか使ったことがないので自信がもてません。
About Face 2.0 の邦訳は出ていないのですか？
著者が PhD をしている研究の正しい訳語がわかりません。コンピュータ・サイエンスに詳しい方、教えてください。
この翻訳の更新履 歴
誤字や言い回しの訂正などの小さな変更はここに掲載していなくても随時行っています。
この翻訳の著作 権
Copyright ( C ) 2004 M.Shibata .
本翻訳は、クリエイティブ・コモンズ・ライセンスの下でライセンスされています。オリジナルの著作権は
Benjamin Roe にあります。
