Share this on Twitter ( opens in a new window )
Share this on Facebook ( opens in a new window )
Hey , everyone .
It ’s time again for the PLAYSTATION Store weekly update .
Downloadable Games
Rocketmen : Axis of Evil ( $ 9.99 )
Join Nick Sion , Alec Mink and the rest of the Alliance of Free Planets in their white - knuckled , frenzied struggle to free the Solar System from the tyrannical grip of Lord Invictus and the Legion of Terra !
With its distinctive cel - shaded art style , engaging storyline , RPG elements and non -stop action , this shooter promises to keep players coming back for more !
ESRB Rated
File size : 124 MB
Add -on Game Content
PixelJunk Monsters Encore ( $ 5.99 )
PixelJunk Monsters
Encore is an expansion pack to the popular and addictive tower defense game , PixelJunk Monsters .
Encore includes 15 levels on a new map , “ Toki Island ” , as well as the ability for players to track their score across both maps .
Just as in the original game , Encore continues the simple real - time strategy concept of building , researching and base defending that made PixelJunk Monsters an instant classic .
File size : 67 MB
Rock Band
Build your Rock Band library by purchasing these song game tracks .
For song credits , visit www.rockband.com.
“ Date with the Night ” – Yeah Yeah Yeahs ( $ 1.99 )
“ It Hurts ” – Angels & Airwaves ( $ 1.99 )
“ This Ain’t A Scene , It ’s An Arms Race ” – Fall Out Boy ( $ 1.99 )
Scene Pack 01 ( $ 5.49 ) – Scene Pack 01 includes “ It Hurts ” by Angels & Airwaves , “ This Ain’t A Scene , It ’s An Arms Race ” by Fall Out Boy , and “ Date with the Night ” by Yeah Yeah Yeahs .
File sizes : 22.7 MB – 31.9 MB ( singles ) , 83.3 MB ( track pack ) .
Rock Band price promotion : “ CrushCrushCrush ” – Paramore and “ Rock N Roll Band ” – Boston are reduced to $ 0.99 until May 15th .
Guitar Hero III : Muse Track Pack ( $ 6.25 )
Includes “ Exo-Politics ” , “ Stockholm Syndrome ” & “ Supermassive Black Hole ” as performed by Muse .
For all song credits please visit www.redoctane.com.
File size : 45 MB
Game Demos ( free )
HAZE Demo
Play the beginning of the Haze campaign in single - player or in cooperative mode ( up to 4 players ) .
ESRB Rated M
File size : 1.43 GB
The Bourne Conspiracy Demo
An intense , fast - paced , authentic Bourne experience .
Become the perfect weapon .
ESRB Rating Pending
File size : 1.61 GB
GRID Demo
Experience a new world of racing as Codemasters releases the multiplayer demo for GRID .
ESRB Rated E
File size : 961 MB
Game Videos ( free )
WipEout HD Trailer
It was there back at the beginning and now it ’s taking the franchise into the future : WipEout HD is set to deliver 1080 p High Definition visuals running at a breathtaking 60 - frames - per-second .
File size : 79 MB ( HD ) , 126 MB ( 1080 )
PLAYSTATION 3 “ What You Need ” Video
Inside the PLAYSTATION 3 system lies the most advanced entertainment system designed to bring you the highest definition games , movies and so much more .
Take a look and see what the PLAYSTATION 3 is all about .
File size : 167 MB ( 1080 )
Mirror ’s Edge Gameplay Trailer
As seen at PlayStation Day in London .
File size : 113 MB ( HD )
Mercenaries 2 Payback Trailer
Check out the new Mercenaries 2 trailer .
It ’s time for Payback – Mercs Style !
File size : 77 MB ( HD )
Overlord Raising Hell Trailer
Overlord Raising
Hell is an Action - RPG title that immerses you in twisted parodies of classic fantasy scenarios .
After becoming the all - powerful Overlord , you learn how to master a horde of mischievous creatures , called minions .
The title comes to PLAYSTATION 3 complete with exclusive features and the ‘ Raising Hell ’ downloadable content seamlessly integrated into the action - packed story line .
File size : 101 MB ( HD )
The Wheelman Trailer
Vin Diesel is The Wheelman , one of the most dangerous men in the world behind the wheel of a vehicle .
File size : 48 MB ( HD )
TNA iMPACT ! Gamers ’ Day Trailer
TNA iMPACT ! is the exclusive Total Nonstop Action wrestling game based on the top-rated weekly television show .
File size : 43 MB ( HD )
Movie and Blu-ray Disc Trailers ( free )
Indiana Jones : Kingdom of the Crystal Skull Teaser Trailer
On May 22 , Indiana Jones is back in a new globe - trotting adventure , “ Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull . ”
File size : 22 MB ( SD ) , 81 MB ( HD ) , 107 MB ( 1080 )
The Love Guru
In the comedy “ The Love Guru , ” Pitka ( Mike Myers ) is an American who was left at the gates of an ashram in India as a child and raised by gurus .
File size : 31 MB ( SD ) , 112 MB ( HD ) , 149 MB ( 1080 )
Iron Man Trailer 2
Oscar nominee Robert Downey Jr. stars as Tony Stark / Iron Man in the story of a billionaire industrialist and genius inventor who is kidnapped and forced to build a devastating weapon .
File size : 29 MB ( SD ) , 108 MB ( HD ) , 143 MB ( 1080 )
PS3 Themes ( free )
PixelJunk Monsters
Theme 3
Customize your PS3 system with a cool PixelJunk Monsters theme .
This theme allows you to change up the look of your background and XMB icons .
Download today !
File size : 984 KB
Sports Theme
Customize your PS3 system with a cool Sports theme .
This theme allows you to change up the look of your background and XMB icons .
Download today !
File size : 7.07 MB
PS3 Wallpaper ( free )
PixelJunk Monsters Wallpapers ( x2 )
Customize the background of your PS3 system with this new PixelJunk Monsters Wallpaper .
File size : 562 KB – 879 KB
Here is this week ’s content release for the PLAYSTATION Store for PC .
To download these games to your PSP , navigate to http://store.playstation.com.
There , you ’ll find descriptions of the content and directions on how to get started .
For more on the PLAYSTATION Store for PC , please click here .
Game Demos ( free )
* SOCOM : Fireteam Bravo 2 Demo ( also downloadable via PS3 )
Hope you enjoy !
Image credit : IHT
What if you could make fuel for your car in your backyard , and that too for less than what you pay at the pump ?
Would you take it ?
Of course you would , or at least most likely would .
Floyd Butterfield could become a legend for people who want to make their own ethanol .
With his with the Silicon Valley entrepreneur Thomas Quinn , he has started E - Fuel , which soon will announce its home ethanol system , the E - Fuel 100 MicroFueler .
The system will be about as large as a washer - dryer , and sell for $ 9,995 and ship before year - end .
The net cost to consumers could drop by half after government incentives .
Ethanol has been on the alt energy radar long enough now , and has had its share of bouquets and brickbats - more of the latter in the recent past .
But the entire blame is not on the product itself , most times it has been owing to the shortsightedness of the politicians who hyped feedstock such as corn without much thought about the ripple effects on other parts of the economy .
That is , ethanol itself is not a bad idea - ask Brazil - and it could well be one of the key components of our energy puzzle for quite some time to come .
The MicroFueler from E - Fuel will use sugar as its main fuel source .
Depending on the cost of sugar , plus water and electricity , the company says it could cost as little as a dollar a gallon to make ethanol .
If you were to left - over alcohol from bars and restaurants to turn them into ethanol , the only cost is for the electricity used in processing .
The company 's dream is to have millions of people pumping their own fuel out of their homes .
Sounds just too tempting , does n't it .
Is the MicroFueler going to cause an upheaval ?
Will this be a game changer in the alternative energy industry ?
Will the MicroFueler become to the energy industry what the PCs became to the computing industry ?
Is it even remotely possible that a shift from refinery - based fuel production to home - based production will mirror the shift from mainframe - based computing to personal computing ?
One would desperately hope that such parallels exist , but in reality it is a long shot .
Here are some of the reasons why : 1. Ethanol has long had home brewers , but there are plenty of reasons to question whether personal fueling systems will become the fuel industry 's version of the personal computer .
Brewing ethanol in the backyard is n't as easy as one might think .
Distillation , refining and quality control are tedious processes and home - brew ethanol might not ever achieve the kind of quality that ethanol from large refineries can .
2 .
Sugar - based ethanol does n't look much cheaper than gas , as things stand today .
This could be the real problem .
Ethanol has become the favorite whipping boy of the industry precisely because of the effects its production had on the prices of corn etc .
Will sugar as a feedstock make the situation any better ?
Until the world finds a feedstock that is sustainable from the environmental and food - chain perspectives , it will be difficult for ethanol to become a favorite of every home that owns a car .3 .
While there was a clear need for people to own computing resources for personalized work , it is not clear that people have a need to own their fuel resources .
Well , fuel is fuel , whether you get it from your home or from the pump station ; given this , many might rather prefer to take it from a wholesale supplier than take the trouble of brewing it themselves , unless the cost difference is REALLY significant .
( What could happen however is that a number of small - scale producers might crop up , so rather than home - based refineries , what we could see are micro-refineries .
There is a much more specific economic need for such micro-refineries , especially among the farming community worldwide ) .
Butterfield and Quinn are trying their best to address the above problems , and have some ideas and innovations up their sleeves that could take care of some of these issues .
There are many consumers who want to reduce their carbon footprint , are willing to invest and make compromises in order to achieve this .
Given this consumer enthusiasm and the increased worldwide momentum of alternative energy research efforts , Butterfield and Quinn might well be on to something , in spite of the hurdles .
And who knows , if they get a bit lucky ( make that a lot lucky ) , Quinn and Butterfield might indeed become the Steve Jobs and Bill Gates of the energy industry .
Source : International Herald Tribune Via : Green Auto Update
Labels : ethanol
A half - litre bottle of water in your average sandwich chain , now costs 80 p .
That 's around four times the price of oil .
And it 's not like you 've got an oil tap in your own kitchen .
If only there were some godforsaken country we could invade in the adorably misguided belief that it would bring the price of this stuff down .
And yet - perhaps because bottling water is precisely the sort of business that would entrance Dick Cheney - we 've yet to alight on the killing fields that would get us out of this mess .
Not that bottled water giants such as Nestlé and Coca - Cola would class it as a mess , what with the global industry being worth £ 30bn and rising .
For the rest of us , I 'm afraid it 's time to swallow the bottled water lecture again .
Come on : more of it is being sold than beer - you and I know that can't be right .
In her book Bottlemania : How Water Went on Sale and Why We Bought It , the investigative writer Elizabeth Royte covers it all : the nonsense about mineral water 's " health benefits " ; the struggles of the communities from where this stuff is pumped in its billions of gallons ; the huge environmental damage ; the debunked science behind the eight glasses a day recommendation ; the incredibly rare health scares related to municipal water supplies that are hyped by persons unknown ( who could they be ? ) and drive people to purchase yet more of this stuff - supplies of which are dwindling .
She fears water wars .
She wonders how unworkably inconvenient it is for people to refill a reusable bottle .
So given that tap water regularly wins in blind tastings , you have to marvel at the marketing genius that continues to sell it to us in ever more mind - boggling quantities .
Consider bottled water 's hold on women in the 18 - 35 age bracket , to whom it is most ruthlessly marketed .
One of the more pathetic sights available to modern urbanites is that of some office worker lugging round her bottle of Evian in the manner of a supermodel .
Was there not tap water where she set out from ?
Is there not tap water where she is going ?
She does not look like Gisele .
She looks like Linus from Peanuts with his security blanket .
You know who needs drinks carried round at all times because they may require one in transit ?
Babies .
Mewling , puking , lovably helpless - and in blissful ignorance about the concept of self - discipline .
In short , they have no control over what happens at either end of their alimentary canal .
Perhaps the marketing men could reposition adult nappies , so that the same misguided urbanites could cosset themselves in one of those , in case they need to " go " while walking between appointments .
Guaranteed to make you more angry than the infantilised urbanities , though , is Michael Mascha , author of Fine Waters : A Connoisseur 's Guide to the World 's Most Distinctive Bottled Waters ( Emperor 's New Clothes Press ; price : your dignity ) .
This book is so pretentious I initially assumed it had been written as a dare .
Mascha lectures you about the " terroir " of different bottled waters , about their " mouthfeel " , about their distinctive molecular structures .
He sees sophistication as changing waters with each course and frets about the sorry state of stemware culture .
" Beyond the flavour considerations , " he instructs his late - capitalist disciples , " you should also take intangible considerations like presentation and a water 's story into account when choosing your bottled water .
I look forward to the time , " he continues , " when people can select not only the vodka for their martini , but also the ice . "
I look forward to the time when those people are wiped out by a highly targeted plague .
Arguably the most loathsome water he plugs is called Bling .
I think it is described as a " couture water " - I can't be sure , the book went out of the window at that point - but the bottle is studded with Swarovski crystals and costs £ 20 for 750 ml .
Bling is one of those products the mere purchase of which should result in your voting rights being withdrawn in perpetuity .
You have just spent £ 20 on a bottle of water : you no longer have the right to participate in decisions that may affect society 's direction .
If you bang on endlessly that bottled water tastes better and that even filtered is n't as nice , you should take a good hard look at Mascha and his preposterous book , because if things carry on at the rate Royte is chronicling , he is the Spirit of Your Future .
It seems increasingly rich that those who laugh at Madonna for drinking her Kabbalah water , blessed by the faux - religion 's rabbi , will cheerily fork out for another brand , blessed by some Big Water executive fibbing it 's healthier than tap water .
Similarly , those who bang on at dinner parties about Nestlé pushing powdered milk in the third world should stop serving Nestlé 's brands of bottled water at said dinners .
Poor benighted Africans , paying for something they could get for free in the misguided belief it 's better for them ...
If this analogy is not sufficiently sledgehammer , they may care to consider that in the 1950s Nestlé pushed its bottled waters " to help lactating mothers and [ provide ] important minerals for infants " .
It has since modified its sell , producing in 2002 a catering trade manual called Pour on the Tips , in which waiters were advised they could make $ 100 more a month using a few simple water - pushing techniques .
This is what a conspiracy theory that actually stands up looks like .
The entity we are obliged to call The Man really is fooling you .
I 'm sorry it 's not blowing up the World Trade Centre , or lying about the Titanic sinking .
But it 's low level mostly because duping you does n't need anything fancier .
He can make you pay between 240 and 10,000 times more for something you already have on tap .
Crack open a bottle of Bling and drown your sorrows : Lex Luthor does n't even get out of bed for schmucks like you .
marina.hyde@theguardian.com
Top 5 Worst Fitness Gimmicks of All Time
# 5 . Ab Lounge
You Guessed it , get Great Abs while you Watch Television
Marketing
Watching television while simultaneously working out is a common theme of the top 5 worst fitness gimmicks listed here .
It is very easy to see why .
All products on the top 5 worst fitness gimmicks list were heavily advertised on television .
Since the majority of the buyers of these gimmick products are heavy TV watchers it would be very bad business to advertise a product which you could n’t use in front of the TV .
Product
When a product ’s marketing claims sound too good to be true they usually are .
In the world of fitness gimmicks , if they sound too good to be true , they are 100 % of the time .
To work the abdominal muscles there may be 1,000 more effective and cheaper exercises but the ab lounge is one of the few which you can comfortably sit in front of the television and not break a sweat or feel any muscle burn .
The cost of the ab lounge ranges from $ 129 to $ 179 which is around the same as a multiple month gym membership .
If you think the infomercial ( right ) makes the product look worthless you must check out the 1000s of parody videos on YouTube to truly see how pathetic a fitness gimmick the ab lounge is .
# 4 . Six Second Abs
Waaaaaay Better than 8 Minute Abs
Marketing
The name six second abs plays on the great success of 8 Minute Abs , which was part of a series of 8 minute “ ____ ” videos which came out in 1994 .
While 8 minute abs was an extremely cheesy video ( right ) , in an extremely cheesy setting , with extremely cheesy models it still involved 8 minutes of simple crunches .
The name itself is so audacious , even a skeptic would take a look .
The television advertisements give the impression of very quick results of course while smiling and watching the television .
Product
The only positive thing about the product is the included exercise and diet program which hints a the fact that abdominal exercises alone do not reduce abdominal fat , etc .
A DVD was also included to show the 5 or 6 different positions in which you could use the six second abs machine .
The actual gimmick product is a very low quality piece of plastic which should have been used to make children ’s toys .
The resistance offered by the bands of the six second abs is very insignificant and offered little , if any benefit .
If you care enough to see six second abs in action , you can check YouTube for hundreds of parodies to make you laugh .
If you were unfortunately enough to pay around $ 40 plus shipping and handling for this fitness gimmick , you may cry about the fact that six second abs is completely worthless and # 4 of the top 5 fitness gimmicks of all time .
# 3 . ThighMaster
We may not have been Born with Great Legs but Now we can Look like we Were
Marketing
If you turned on a television for an hour during the early 1990s you would most likely have seen an infomercial for the Thighmaster .
This may have been the beginning of the “ results by association ” phenomena which is prevalent in the fitness industry today .
If Suzanne Somers has great legs , and she uses the Thighmaster , it must work .
The Thighmaster was also marketed towards men as a biceps arm exerciser .
Product
The Thighmaster is a foam covered piece of metal with a spring in the middle .
The design of the Thighmaster limited its use to squeezing the legs together from around a 45 degree angle .
This range of motion of hip adduction does little to benefit strength and absolutely nothing to tone thighs .
The prospect of perfect thighs had women whipping out their credit cards in record numbers in the 1990s .
A product which sold for $ 20 and made tens of millions in the 1990s is now available for 99 cents at your local garage sale .
# 2. Electric Abdominal Belts
Shocking how Bad People Fell for this Fitness Gimmick
Marketing
In the early 2000s people evidentially had enough with actually moving their muscles .
Why not have a product which does all the work for you ?
Along came the electronic muscle stimulators .
The first batch of these products included the AbTronik , Ab Energizer which trouble with the Federal Trade Commission ( FTC ) about their claims which included .
“ Now you can get rock hard abs with no sweat . ”
“ Lose 4 inches in 30 days guaranteed . ”
“ 30 percent more effective than normal exercise . ”
“ 10 minutes equals 600 sit-ups . ”
Watch the infomercial ( right ) for the newest version of electronic muscle stimulator which takes false claims to the extreme .
Using the “ foreign secret ” marketing strategy it claims it has already created the incredible bodies you see on the beaches all across Europe .
Puzzling how it claims to be FDA ( Food & Drug Administration ) cleared when it is neither a food nor a drug .
Product
Electronic muscle stimulators place a small electric charge on the muscle causing it to contract weakly which in no way can equal the benefits which are claimed .
If the prospect of sitting on your desk eating Ben & Jerry ’s while simultaneously toning your waist caused you to spend anywhere from $ 50 to $ 150 on an electronic ab belt you probably are not shocked with electronic ab belts being the # 2 most worthless fitness gimmick of all time .
# 1. Velform Sauna Belt
Sweat is Actually Melted Body Fat ?
Marketing
Instead of actually moving or contracting muscles to burn fat , the Velform sauna belt claimed to melt it right off like a form of some kind of thermal liposuction .
Possibly the cheesiest and most audacious infomercials of all - time had to belong to the Velform sauna belt .
Just watch the infomercial ( right ) and will see how preposterous the claims of the belt are .
It is not in English but it makes absolutely no difference .
Product
What really puts the Velform sauna belt in the hall of shame for fitness gimmicks is its true worthlessness .
All of the previous 4 of the worst fitness gimmicks of all time at least involved a muscle contraction .
The sauna belt offers a heated rubber belt which makes your stomach sweat .
That is it .
There is really not much more to say about the Velform sauna belt .
That is of course unless you were unfortunate enough to spend $ 50 on one .
How to Avoid Fitness Gimmicks
You now know some of the worst fitness products which have ripped off people in the last 20 years the most .
There are no secrets when it comes to avoiding these products .
Use your common sense and live by the age old adage , “ If it sounds too good to be true , it probably is . ”
There is no substitute for hard work and discipline .
Educate yourself about the most valuable possession you have , your body .
Treat yourself well , eat healthy , exercise regularly and you wo n’t have to ever even think about spending a dime on any products which may be fitness gimmicks in your bright future .
A new study published in the open- access journal PLoS Medicine finds that vascular endothelial growth factor - A ( VEGF ) is regulates the development of tumors and can be a target for cancer treatment therapies .
Researcher Kiyoshi Masuda ( Department of Stress Science , Institute of Health Biosciences , University of Tokushima Graduate School , Tokushima , Japan ) and colleagues note , however , that anti-VEGF monotherapy has been less effective than regular chemotherapy in clinical trials .
The Japanese researchers came to these conclusions after studying the role of vegf messenger RNA ( mRNA ) in colon cancer cells .
They demonstrated that the cancer cells have a survival system for which vegf mRNA is responsible for regulating .
This means that vegf mRNA and its protein may collaborate to foster malignancy in tumor cells .
In addition , the pair acts to increase the tumor ’s resistance to chemotherapy .
The authors conclude that , although further research is needed to generalize these findings , combining anti-vegf transcript therapy , “ In combination with anti-VEGF therapy might provide optimal anti-tumor effects , including inhibition of angiogenesis , blockade of tumor cell survival , and enhanced sensitivity to radiation and drug therapies . ”
A Perspective article that accompanies the study is written by Thomas Hughes and Pamela Jones ( University of Leeds , UK ) , two researchers who were not involved in the study .
They write :
“ This study has a clear implication for VEGF - targeted therapies , in that strategies to target the mRNA may be required to inhibit the full oncogenic influence of the gene .
More generally , the study highlights a little - studied gene regulatory pathway that may yet prove to be far more commonplace than currently appreciated . ”
A novel tumor - promoting function residing in the 59 non-coding region of vascular endothelial growth factor mRNA
Masuda K , Teshima - Kondo S , Mukaijo M , Yamagishi N , Nishikawa Y , et al .
PLoS Medicine ( 2008 ) .
5 ( 5 ) : e94
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050094
Click Here to View Article
Regulatory RNAs : Have mRNA untranslated regions joined the party ?
Hughes TA , Jones PF
PLoS Medicine ( 2008 ) .
5 ( 5 ) : e110
doi:10.1371/journal.pmed.0050110
Click Here to View Article
About PLoS Medicine
PLoS Medicine is an open access , freely available international medical journal .
It publishes original research that enhances our understanding of human health and disease , together with commentary and analysis of important global health issues .
For more information , visit http://www.plosmedicine.org
About the Public Library of Science
The Public Library of Science ( PLoS ) is a non-profit organization of scientists and physicians committed to making the world ’s scientific and medical literature a freely available public resource .
For more information , visit http://www.plos.org
Written by : Peter M Crosta
Almost of us always try to get the last peanut butter at the bottom of jar .
And how many times can you not get that last teaspoon - full ?
To solve this issue , Sherwood Forlee designed a jar which is a 21 st century design solution .
It is the Easy PB&J Jar .
The Easy PB&J Jar is a container with slick walls , completely round .
This Jar is created with especially and differently caps that caps is at each end .
Now when you want to get last peanut butter at the bottom of the jar , you wo n’t have to find every tools in your silverware to do .
You just do unscrew the bottom and take your butter .
Even more , The Easy PB&J Jar is created with straight sides and corners that can help you scraping out last little bits easier .
You can use Easy PB&J Jar for lots of different goods such as almond butter , cashew butter , pistachio butter , hazelnut butter , macadamia butter , hazelnut butter , or any other but butter .
You can also think of mayonnaise , jams , jellies , fruit spreads , honey , pâtés , and other pastes .
However , you can not easily transfer your butter from their old jar to Easy PB&J Jar unless the manufactures start packaging there products in container similar or you make nut butter or jam at home by yourself .
In my opinion , If you care of bio - waste , safety material for your health , you should choose your favorite manufactures .
Once you can trust that your favorite manufactures create the jars with good material and safe for health , I think you will be satified and fun .
Anyway ,
If you are worried about food waste , use it .
Via : sherwoodforlee.com
Well I hope you find some neat stuff here for yourself .
Be it shopping tips , money off items or just some free gear .
My plan it to add to this blog what I consider to be the best of the internet that I have come across .
That 's all for now , feel free to email me at shagwana@gmail.com
A counter to Working from Home where your primary role is performing your job duties from your home .
Homing from Work is the same thing reversed .
Instead of working a person can do a plethora of things ranging from paying their bills , texting , reading the news , reading a book , making personal phone calls or watching their favorite soaps
Worker 1 – Dude I ’m not feeling it today …
I just do n’t want to be here !
Worker 2 – Then you need to be Homing from Work man … Worker - 1 Homing from Work ?
SWEET !
I do need to call and make a doctor ’s appointment and catch up on Grey ’s Anatomy .
Hold up , let me send my calls to voicemail and slip off my shoes .
Read­ers have con­tributed a good num­ber of haikus on brain - relat­ed top­ics .
Below you have our favorite ones .
Our favorite fun and brainy Haikus
- Techne , the philoso­pher , won­ders :
Solve the big ques­tions :
How do I know when I know ?
Who knows the know­er ?
- Steve , the envi­ron­men­tal­ist , requests :
Neu­ro­plas­tic good .
Plas­tic , though lasts for­ev­er .
Always recy­cle !
- GTB , the skep­tic , says
Haiku ’s are easy
But some­times they do n’t make sense
Refrig­er­a­tor
- Mil­lie , the spir­i­tu­al , sug­gests :
Play­ing music feeds
my soul while read­ing music
nur­tures my old brain .
- Mark , the opti­mist , reflects :
I thought I did well
Then I reviewed my answers
I am retard
- jolovli , the boomer , tries again :
improv­ing func­tion
smoked too much weed in col­lege
it ’s nev­er too late
- Lloyd , the stressed - out , vol­un­teers :
I thought so damn Hard .
My brain built lots of pres­sure .
I fart­ed out loud .
Enjoy many oth­er good ones :
- Ter­ry says :
New infor­ma­tion
Syn­the­siz­ing my knowl­edge
A for­ward move­ment
- Frank says :
Painful­ly easy
Sig­nif­i­cant­ly hard­er
Men­tal stim­u­lus
- Chuck says :
This was fun , and no ,
I do n’t intend to haiku .
Thanks for post­ing it
- Sarah says :
find­ing your teasers
added fun to my morn­ing ,
helped wake my brain up
- Lor­raine says :
teach­ing math is fun
when you find great resources
sharp brains is the place
- Psalm says
As my mind expands ,
it grasps new ideas…oh look
there ’s some­thing shiny !!
- anon writes
the noon hour por­tends
a bur­ri­to with sal­sa
bright­en­ing my tongue
- Mike says
See I think I see
Here now , not so — real­ly real ?
Wound­ed , mind leaves me
- Lisa
new thoughts acti­vate
frontal lobe work hard , hard­er
no senil­i­ty
- Karen
Brain train­ing oth­ers
Like watch­ing the Earth open
One thought at a time
- Bruce
My brain stem works hard ,
But the tests are much hard­er ,
Need more grey mat­ter
- Alvaro
Can per­form bet­ter ,
Learn­ing , train­ing , and prac­tice
Body , brain and mind
- ter­ri
strokes take speech away
some­one should find a quick fix
every­one needs to speak
- qt
Aha , a chal­lenge
for the brain to endeav­our
soon­er than lat­er
- Sta­cy
Brain hurts so bad­ly
Work­ing night shift : not so fun
Need to get some sleep
- camper­court
It is morn­ing now
The sun rose very ear­ly
Good­morn­ing to you
- kestrel
first white is pur­ple or it was red I think now haiku , what next ?
- Stacey
I thought is was fun .
Then it got a lot hard­er .
Wow i suck at this .
- anon
oh boy I won­der
will my tee­ny lit­tle ears
still hear loud thun­der of course it is true
the afore­men­tioned thun­der
came out of the blue from the blue you say
I think per­haps you are wrong
but it ’s still okay
Yours , please ?
Next brain teas­er in Sharp­Brains ’ top 25 series :
Loving God , Father of us all , we thank
You for giving us another day .
In the ebb and flow of American politics , the Nation now enters the final months of a quadrennial campaign for the highest office in our
Republic .
Send Your spirit among
Your people , that during this stretch the best of ourselves as American citizens might emerge , and the darker angels
of our community be discouraged , even silenced by a spirit of good will , patience , and intelligent discernment .
Hear
Your people , as we put our trust in You .
Continue to bless those who labor to attend to the sick among our citizens , and those also who strive to find effective treatments and vaccines .
Keep us all safe , in Your divine mercy .
May all that is done be for Your greater honor and glory .
Amen .
Congress Switchboard : 202-224-3121
" Rob 's bottom - up consulting for Thought Technology over the years to help us incorporate bottom - up thinking in our business and product development has been very valuable .
It is a truly disruptive technique , well worth considering , which is well explained in his book . "
Hal Myers , PhD , President , Thought Technology , Ltd. Member of the Board of Directors for the Ten to the Ninth Foundation ( formerly Singularity University )
But when the researchers actually put another group of people in this situation , more than three - quarters of them took the easy job .
Then , under subsequent questioning , they gave themselves high marks for acting fairly .
The researchers call this moral hypocrisy because the people were absolving themselves of violating a widely held standard of fairness ( even though they themselves had n’t explicitly endorsed that standard beforehand ) .
Image Credit ... Viktor Koen
A double standard of morality also emerged when other people were arbitrarily divided in two groups and given differently colored wristbands .
They watched as one person , either from their group or from the other group , went through the exercise and assigned himself the easy job .
Even though the observers had no personal stake in the outcome  they knew they would not be stuck with the boring job  they were still biased .
On average , they judged it to be unfair for someone in the other group to give himself the easy job , but they considered it fair when someone in their own group did the same thing .
“ Anyone who is on ‘ our team ’ is excused for moral transgressions , ” said Dr. DeSteno , a psychologist at Northeastern University .
“ The importance of group cohesion , of any type , simply extends our moral radius for lenience .
Basically , it ’s a form of one person ’s patriot is another ’s terrorist . ”
If a colored wristband is enough to skew your moral judgment , imagine how you are affected by the “ D ” or the “ R ” label on your voting registration .
If you are a Democrat , you are more likely to think Mr. McCain hypocritically switched tax policies to pick up conservative votes , but Mr. Obama ’s decision to abandon public financing probably looks more complicated .
If you ’re a Republican you ’re likelier to figure Mr. Obama did it just so he could raise more money on his own , but you ’re more willing to consider Mr. McCain ’s economic rationales .
The more interesting question is how presidential candidates , and their supporters , turn into hypocrites .
It has been demonstrated repeatedly in experiments that humans are remarkably sensitive to unfairness .
We ’ve survived as social animals because we are so good at spotting selfishness and punishing antisocial behavior .
Harness a Volcano to Power Your Town
July 7th , 2008 by Michelle Bennett
Great Balls of Geothermal Fire !
Everyone knows that volcanoes have plenty of heat to spare , and normally we prefer that they keep it to themselves .
Now , with energy prices rising , some communities are starting to reconsider their rumbling neighbors .
Geothermal energy relies on heat and water beneath the earth ’s crust .
Together they can create steam to turn a turbine .
The trick is access : most of the earth ’s heat is located miles beneath the crust .
Even active volcanoes can hide their volitile energy under very hard igneous rock .
Young volcanoes can have shallow magma reservoirs and sometimes they still have softer earthen crust .
Just add water into this situation and you have potent potential for geothermal energy .
Volanoes are not the best geologic features for geothermal energy .
Hot springs , like those found in Iceland or Yellowstone National Park , are the easiest to harness because the water is already on the surface .
At Yellowstone the water is often already boiling at the surface , and higher temperatures beneath the crust drive some of the world ’s most famous geysers .
One of the best places in the world to develop geothermal energy is Newberry Crater in Oregon .
The site is emblematic of the issues facing many geothermal projects .
Development has been stalled or abandoned over the years due to economic and environmental issues .
Newberry Crater ’s geology also makes it a remote , beautiful place .
Developers must compete with recreational and ecological needs while trying to reach the nearest transmission lines .
The economics of developing there have been tempting for years , but with today ’s energy prices now the site is downright tantalizing .
Davenport Power has already begun the first phases of planning and test drilling , but could face powerful opposition .
Some scientists claim that the United States has enough geothermal resources to provide 20 % or more of the nation ’s energy needs .
More than a dozen states are known to own lucrative geothermal resources , and most of those states have already begun to develop them .
The first geothermal power plant was built in Italy in 1904 , and many European States are turning to untapped resources beneath their feet .
In August , Alaska will sell prospecting rights to Mount Spurr , one of several volcanoes located near Anchorage .
It is estimated that Mount Spurr could generate “ tens of hundreds of megawatts of energy ” .
Alaska may also sell similar prospecting rights to Mount Augustine , an explosive volcano located on its own uninhabited island .
Authorities admit that Augustine poses “ special safety challenges “ .
Both erupt relatively frequently .
An existing geothermal facility near Santa Rosa , California has been generating enough energy to power San Francisco for years .
As one of the largest geothermal developments in the world , it illustrates the potential scale of geothermal .
Like Iceland , some cities or nations could harvest a significant portion of their electricity from the ground .
No one has managed to “ tap the ( volcanoes of the ) Rockies ” just yet .
Special safety challenges will require special safety innovations .
Nevertheless , the potential return could be as enourmous as the forces of nature at work : clean , green , unlimited energy for the rest of this geologic era .
Unlike solar and wind , geothermal generates a steady supply of energy 24 hours a day , everyday .
Anything so abundant and predictable wo n’t go untapped for long .
Related Reading :
Geothermal is smart
What about Ground Source Heat Pumps ?
Enhanced Geothermal Systems
Some Politicians like Gothermal
Image of a Japanese Volcano via w00 kie on the Flickr Creative Commons .
Images of Yellowstone Nationap Park are my own .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
What was true and what was false from the chaotic first debate
On the surface , searching with Spotlight is pretty straightforward .
In our previous installment , we covered the basics of using and customizing the Spotlight menu .
But if your search involves multiple terms , or if you need to narrow down your results to dig up a particularly elusive file , knowing how to put together a good search query will pay off .
By mastering a few simple tricks , you can limit your search to specific types of data , exclude terms , and more — helping Spotlight locate exactly what you need .
and then take you inside some of its lesser know features — including how to use keywords to limit your search to specific dates , authors , or file types .
Fix your phrasing
Every Spotlight query is an AND search by default .
This means the program looks for files containing all the words you type .
For instance , if you enter time machine , Spotlight seeks out anything that contains both the word time and the word machine .
So the search will turn up any files that mention Leopard ’s new Time Machine feature , as well as e-mails from your IT administrator discussing the best time to swing by and fix your machine .
You can narrow down the search results by using quotation marks — this tells Spotlight that the words must appear next to one another .
If you type " time machine " , Spotlight will look only for files that contain the exact term inside the quotation marks .
It will find Time Machine.doc and any file containing the term time machine , but it will skip over your presentation on the evolution of machines through time .
You do n’t even have to use both quotation marks ; typing only the first one tells Spotlight that the words following it must appear together .
However , if you want to add more search terms after the phrase , you ’ll need to add the closing quotation mark .
Apply Boolean searching
One of the biggest additions to Spotlight is support for true Boolean searching , which uses logical operators ( AND , OR , and NOT ) to pinpoint results .
For instance , if you type " time machine " OR morlocks , you ’ll get references to Leopard ’s backup tool , as well as any files related to H. G. Wells ’s fictional species .
To find files that include time machine but make no mention of H. G. Wells , type " time machine " NOT Wells .
When you perform a Boolean search , make sure to type operators in capital letters .
Use Metadata
In addition to scouring your files ’ names and contents , Spotlight peruses metadata — file information generated by the program or device that created the file .
For example , a digital photo ’s metadata may include information about the camera used to take the photo and about how the photo was taken : the camera type , focal length , color space , exposure time , and so on .
If you want to find all photos taken with a certain camera , just enter its name or model number in the search field .
To see what sort of metadata a file is storing , select it in the Finder , press command - I to open the Get Info window , and click on the triangle next to More Info .
However , you ’re not limited to the metadata you see here .
You can add your own keywords to any file .
In the Get Info window , click on the triangle next to Spotlight Comments .
In the text field that appears , enter any keywords that might help you in future searches , such as the project the file is related to or the last name of a person you associate with it .
For example , by adding the comment HOUSE08 to any files having to do with the purchase and remodeling of your new home , you ’ll be able to find all those files with one easy search .
If you use this trick often , you may want to create an Automator workflow that lets you apply the same comment to multiple files at once .
To do this , launch Automator , select Files & Folders from the Library column , and drag Set Spotlight Comments For Finder Items from the Actions list to the workflow pane .
Click on Options , and enable the Show This Action When Workflow Runs option .
Then select File : Save As Plug - In .
Give the plug - in a name , such as Spotlight Comments , and select Finder from the Plug - In For pull - down menu .
To put your new Automator workflow to use , simply control - click ( or right - click ) on the files .
In the contextual menu , select More : Automator : Spotlight Comments ( or whatever you named your plug - in item ) .
A dialog box will appear , allowing you to add your comments to dozens of files at once .
Take advantage of keywords
Even when you know what you ’re looking for , you may get an overwhelming number of search results .
To help limit searches to certain file types or time periods , use one of the many useful keywords that Spotlight understands .
Place the appropriate keyword and a colon in front of your search term ( but do n’t accidentally insert a space before or after the colon — a common mistake ) .
Here how to take advantage of Spotlight ’s keywords :
Search for File Names
If you know the name of the file you ’re looking for , you can limit your search to file names by using the name : keyword .
For instance , when you type name : machine , Spotlight will find only files that contain the word machine in their names ( though your search results may also turn up bookmarks , iCal events , and other items ) .
As with regular search queries , you ’ll need to use quotation marks to identify phrases — for example , name : " time machine " .
Find an Author
If you ca n’t remember the contents of a file but you know the name of the person who created it , you can try using the author : keyword .
To look for a document written by your boss , Herbert , enter author : herbert in the search field .
There ’s just one catch : Spotlight will find only files produced by programs that save this attribute — Mail , iChat , Word , Excel , Pages , Numbers , and a few others .
Check the Date Looking for a file that was created during a specific time period ?
Spotlight has a handle on dates .
Typing date : today will bring up files you created , read , received , or opened today .
You can also use the date : keyword with yesterday and tomorrow ( for the latter , Spotlight restricts its results to iCal events and to - do items ) .
The latest version of Spotlight also lets you specify more parameters ( whether a file was created or modified on a certain date ) , as well as enter an exact date or a range of dates .
For example , you can type created : 12/25/07 to find files authored on that date ; type modified : < 11/30/06 to look for files changed before that date ; or type created : 1/1/06-12/31/06 to locate files created between these two dates .
Unfortunately , date : keywords do n’t seem to work correctly all the time .
Search by Kind
One of the most useful ways to narrow down a search is by using the kind : keyword .
This allows you to restrict your list of results to a certain file format .
For instance , if you type time machine kind : pdf , Spotlight will pull up only PDF files containing the words time and machine .
You can also limit your search to e-mail messages , music files , System Preferences , applications , and more .
While the original Spotlight recognized only a limited number of file types , the Leopard version can look for files created by specific applications , as well as certain file formats .
Searching for kind : mp3 or kind : tiff will find files in one of those formats , and searching for kind : pages or kind : powerpoint will show only documents created in one of those programs .
For a list of useful keywords , see “ My Kind of Keyword . ”
But remember , for the keywords to work , you must have the appropriate categories enabled in Spotlight ’s preferences .
My Kind of Keyword To Search for : Use : Aliases kind : alias Applications kind : application , kind : applications , kind : app Audio kind : audio Bookmarks kind : bookmark , kind : bookmarks Browser history kind : history Contacts kind : contact , kind : contacts E-mail messages kind : email , kind : emails , kind : mail message Folders kind : folder , kind : folders , kind : fol Fonts kind : font , kind : fonts iCal Events kind : event , kind : events iCal To - Do Items kind : todo , kind : todos , kind : to do Images kind : image , kind : images JPEG files kind : jpeg Keynote files kind : keynote Movies kind : movie , kind : movies MP3 files kind : mp3 Music kind : music Numbers documents kind : numbers Pages documents kind : pages PDF files kind : pdf , kind : pdfs PowerPoint files kind : powerpoint Preference panes kind : preference , kind : preferences Presentations kind : presentation , kind : presentations QuickTime files kind : quicktime TIFF files kind : tiff Word documents kind : word
Spotlight ’s other tricks
Better search functionality is the main attraction of Leopard ’s new and improved Spotlight .
But it has other clever tricks that may come in handy .
Instant Dictionary
Need the definition for tarradiddle ?
Look it up in Spotlight .
Whenever you type a word into the Spotlight menu , a short definition appears in the list of results .
Hover your cursor over this definition to view the full definition in a tooltip .
Program Launcher
Applications now appear as top hits , so you can launch them much more quickly .
To fire up Safari , type saf in the menu and press return .
Math Genius
Type an equation into the Spotlight menu , and let your Mac do your math .
For example , type 2 * 2 , and you ’ll get 4 .
If you need the area of a circle with a radius of 10 feet , type pi*10 * 10 .
Need the square root of 1,024 ?
Enter sqrt( 1024 ) .
How about 64 squared ?
Just type pow ( 64,2 ) .
Unfortunately , Apple has yet to publish a list of such commands , so you ’ll have to memorize the basics for now .
[ Kirk McElhearn writes about Macs and much more .
Visit his blog , Kirkville , for information about Macs , iPods , books , music , and more . ]
Earthlings , come to your senses .
Trade in your SUVs to save money during your recession .
Trade your super - sized , gasoline drinking , pollution - distributing SUV for a higher mileage transportation device you call automobile .
The price of your black gold , you call oil , is not going to go down anytime soon .
Please do not believe anyone who says you are going to see lower prices at the pump .
We understand that there is a heated campaign for who will be you next leader in America .
Those politicians are promising energy independence and lower gas prices .
This is a great Earthling fantasy .
American earthlings can only achieve energy independence if
1. American politicians get their heads out their Earthling behinds .
2. Congress makes an all - out , massive scale effort to deploy solar , geothermal , wind , biofuel and hydrogen technologies .
This is so simple an alien can see it .
Gas will be over $ 4 per gallon by summer .
In the meantime , Earthlings , become efficient if you want to get through the recession with easy .
There is no shortcut
World Trade Center 7 mystery ' solved ' ?
Stephen C. Webster
Published : Saturday July 5 , 2008
Print This Email
This A new report by BBC 2's " Conspiracy Files " claims that the US National Institute of Standards and Technology is preparing to release a long awaited report on the collapse of World Trade Center 7 , which fell on Sept. 11 , 2001 , about seven hours after WTC 1 and 2 were downed .
The NIST investigators are widely expected to stake the claim that fires were responsible for causing the structure 's simultaneous column failure , bringing building 7 down at near free fall speed onto its footprint .
Should the claims hold true , WTC 7 would be the first steel frame skyscraper to ever collapse due to fire damage .
The BBC , while focusing on the details of NIST 's upcoming report , goes to some lengths to balance its revelation with comments by Richard Gage , founder of the group Architects and Engineers for 9/11 Truth .
" Building Seven is the smoking gun of 9/11 " states Gage .
" A sixth grader can look at this building falling at virtually freefall speed , symmetrically and smoothly , and see that it is not a natural process .
Buildings that fall in natural processes fall to the path of least resistance , they do n't go straight down through themselves . "
9/11 Truth proponents argue that a symmetrical collapse , not just in WTC 7 , but also WTC 1 and 2 , is impossible without the presence of coordinated explosives .
While some purport theories of what ' really ' happened , others merely lob questions which have a tendency to make politicians uncomfortable .
The BBC as well is no stranger to the scrutiny of 9/11 Truth activists .
On the evening of Sept. 11 , 2001 , the BBC reported that WTC 7 had collapsed some 26 minutes before it actually fell .
Video footage of the report clearly shows the tower in the background , behind Jane Standley , the network 's correspondent , as she speaks of its demise .
Before her report was complete , the news anchor lost the feed from New York .
BBC editor Richard Porter vehemently denies the channel was part of any conspiracy .
Watch the BBC report on WTC 7 : " We 've been at this for a little over two years and doing a two or two and a half year investigation is not at all unusual , " said Dr. Shyam Sunder , head of NIST 's investigation into WTC 7 , as reported by the BBC .
" That 's the same kind of time frame that takes place when we do aeroplane crash investigations , it takes a few years . "
The NIST study is based heavily on computer models and scenarios simulated in a virtual environment , namely due to the lack of physical evidence to study .
In the wake of the 9/11 attacks , steel from all three WTC towers was almost immediately taken to be melted down , and none was preserved for investigation .
" It 's a very complex problem , " BBC quotes Dr. Sunder as stating .
" It requires a level of fidelity in the modelling and rigour in the analysis that has never been done before . "
The report , says BBC , will claim the building collapsed under its own weight after fires burned so hot for so long that the floor beams ' connections to the support columns broke off .
Firefighters were not able to focus on the WTC 7 fires due to lack of water , the report states , and their primary focus on saving as many lives as possible .
In 2002 , the Federal Emergency Management Agency reported its conclusion that fires and diesel fuel reserve tanks within the building -- which housed numerous government agencies such as the Central Intelligence Agency , Securities and Exchange Commission , Department of Defense , Office of Emergency Management and Secret Service -- were to blame for the collapse .
However , FEMA noted that this theory has " only a low probability of occurrence . "
In June 2007 , NIST said it expected to release its draft report on WTC 7 for public comment ' by the end of the year . '
It was not released , and the BBC article makes no mention of when the report is due out .
READ THE REST .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Veteran Republican U.S. Sen .
Ted Stevens was charged on Tuesday with concealing more than $ 250,000 worth of gifts , including home renovations , that he received from an Alaska oil services company , the Justice Department said .
The Alaska politician , who has served 40 years in the Senate , was charged in a federal grand jury indictment with seven counts of making false statements on his Senate financial disclosure forms from 2001 to 2006 , the department said .
Stevens denied the charges but said he stepped down as required by party rules as top Republican on the Democratic - led Commerce Committee , Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense and Homeland Security subcommittee on Disaster Recovery .
He gave no indication he planned to resign from the Senate .
“ I am innocent of these charges and intend to prove that , ” Stevens said in a statement .
“ I have never knowingly submitted a false disclosure form required by law as a U.S. senator . ”
There was no immediate indication that Republicans would try to pressure Stevens to resign , but it was “ unclear how things will develop , ” a Republican aide said .
Patti Higgins , chair of the Alaska Democratic Party , said Stevens “ should step down . ”
She said , “ Alaskans need representation in the Senate that they can trust . ”
In the event Stevens resigns , Alaska ’s governor cannot appoint a successor and a special election would be held between 60 and 90 days of his vacating his Senate seat , according to Alaska state rules .
Stevens is accused of receiving substantial improvements to his Alaska home that included a new first floor , a finished full basement , a wraparound deck , and plumbing , electrical and heating work .
The indictment also charged that he received a new vehicle in exchange for an older one worth far less , and household goods such as furniture and a new gas range , the Justice Department said .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
The charges followed a wide - ranging corruption investigation in Alaska coordinated by the department ’s Office of Public Integrity that began in 2004 , officials said .
The senator faces a tough campaign for re-election in November .
Democrats view Stevens as highly vulnerable as they seek to expand their Senate majority , now at 51 - 49 .
Democrats won control of Congress in the 2006 elections after a number of Republican scandals , many of them tied to now - imprisoned lobbyist Jack Abramoff .
The indictment said Stevens , 84 , received the gifts from VECO Corp , formerly a multinational oil services company based in Stevens ’ oil - producing state , from its one - time top executive Bill Allen and others .
It accuses Stevens , a former chairman of the powerful Appropriations Committee and the longest - serving Republican senator ever , of using his position and office in the Senate on behalf of VECO between 2001 and 2006 .
The 28 - page indictment said Stevens provided false information in financial disclosure forms filed with the Senate that required him to report items of value he had received .
“ Stevens ... knowingly and intentionally sought to conceal and cover up his receipt of things of value by filing financial disclosure forms that contained false statements and omissions concerning Stevens ’ receipt of these things of value , ” the indictment said .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
INFLUENCE PEDDLING
The Alaskan investigation covered suspected influence peddling by officials at VECO , then the state ’s largest oil - services company and a major patron of Alaska Republicans .
Stevens was the 10th person to be charged .
Last summer , agents from the FBI and Internal Revenue Service searched his home in the ski resort of Girdwood , south of Anchorage .
The senator , who has a reputation for being hard - driving and having a hot temper , was first appointed to the Senate in 1968 to fill a seat vacated by the death of Democratic Sen .
Bob Bartlett and has subsequently been re-elected by wide margins .
Stevens is nicknamed “ Uncle Ted ” because of his long record of steering billions of dollars in federal funding to Alaska .
In 2000 , a civic organization and the state Legislature honored him by naming him “ Alaskan of the Century . ”
Word of the indictment raced through the state Capitol in Juneau , where lawmakers were holding a special session on energy issues .
“ It ’s a long way from a conviction , but just the idea that the Alaskan of the Century has been indicted on federal charges sort of tilts the earth , ” said state Sen.
Hollis French , an Anchorage Democrat .
( Additional reporting by Yereth Rosen and Richard Cowan )
The round tiles of all the all - new Wordscraper Scrabulous is back on Facebook but the popular word game has a new name , new rules and circular tiles .
Developers suspended the game for users in US and Canada on Tuesday , after legal action by Hasbro , the makers of Scrabble .
But developers have resurrected it and called it Wordscraper , a change which may help them beat legal action .
Hasbro is suing the Calcutta - based founders of the game , claiming they are infringing its copyright and trademark .
Lost for words ?
Scrabulous has been one of the most popular applications on Facebook , regularly racking up more than 500,000 users each day .
But its similarity to Scrabble had raised the hackles of Hasbro , the owner of Scrabble 's North American rights .
It sued Rajat and Jayant Agarwalla , the Indian brothers behind the game , in federal court .
The tweaks to the game - which includes allowing users to design custom boards - may give the Scrabulous developers an advantage in any legal action .
" It 's going to come down to the little things like squares and circles and double , triple and so on , " said Ethan Horwitz , an intellectual property lawyer at King and Spalding in New York .
" What they have done is taking a big step in the right direction , but I do n't think it 's a big enough step . "
In a statement , Hasbro said " it will evaluate every situation individually and take actions as appropriate " .
Fans have mounted a vigorous defence campaign since the joint owners of Scrabble , Mattel and Hasbro , announced their intention to sue the Facebook developers back in January .
Hasbro had asked Facebook to block access following the launch of its own official online version of Scrabble .
Facebook said the developers took the decision to suspend the game .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Why Choose Hove Laptop Repairs
Computers have become an integral part of our daily lives and for the most part , they work without any problem and do all that we ask of them .
On occasion however , computers , Pc’s and laptops will fail sometimes through lack of maintenance , software errors , or virus infection , and sometimes due to a variety of hardware failures including hard drive failure , , which of course can be devastating to home and business users alike .
Data recovery is crucial if you suffer from a hard drive crash , but hopefully this is something that most people will never need to encounter .
Whatever your computing problem is , Hove Laptop Repairs can quickly help you or your business get back on track in the shortest possible time frame .
The major advantage of our service is that we are local and very affordable .
Our laptop and computer repair service helps you quickly get back up and running either with remote computer support which is available on request , or by a local repair technician in your area for more serious issues no matter if you are a laptop or desktop home user , or a business user .
A remote or local computer technician will be able to offer you a broad spectrum of computer repair services ranging from remote desktop support and online computer maintenance , and with many software programs becoming more complex , people are increasingly requesting plain and simple computer help and support with everyday tasks such as configuring a new wireless router or firewall , or even installing the latest copy of Microsoft Office or Windows Operation System .
Even if you only need computer support & maintenance , , a wireless network install , a simple upgrade , or need some help with anti virus , malware , or spyware removal , Hove Laptop Repairs will be able to help you .
Stijgend vocht is een vorm van vocht die vooral bij oudere gebouwen optreedt wanneer grondwater via muren , vloeren en metselwerk via capillaire werking omhoog komt , het vermogen van een vloeistof om in nauwe ruimtes tegen de zwaartekracht in te stromen .
Heb ik stijgend vocht ?
Het meest voorkomende visuele symptoom van opstijgend vocht is een duidelijk gedefinieerde strook vocht , beginnend vanaf de vloer – waardoor verf vaak gaat schilferen of behang loslaat .
Vochtige muren , veroorzaakt door opstijgend vocht , kunnen echter ook leiden tot een breed scala aan andere symptomen , waaronder :
Vochtige geuren of een muffe geur
Verlaagde temperatuur aan de onderkant van de muur
Rotten van ingebed hout
Afbrokkelende of blaren gips door zoutkristallisatie
Traditionele maatregelen ter voorkoming van stijgend vocht
De meeste moderne panden zijn gebouwd met een vochtwerende laag , meestal in de vorm van een ondoordringbaar plastic membraan , dat langs een mortellijn nabij de grond wordt geplaatst .
Sommige eigenschappen zijn echter gebouwd zonder vochtbestendige loop of het origineel is mislukt , wat betekent dat opstijgend vocht kan optreden en dat herstelwerkzaamheden moeten worden uitgevoerd .
In het verleden werd opstijgend vocht behandeld met corrosieve of brandbare vloeistoffen , onder druk geïnjecteerd om de poriën van baksteen , steen en metselwerk te blokkeren en een vochtbestendige laag te creëren .
Er is een duur en complex pompsysteem nodig om de vochtwerende vloeistof in een muur te injecteren , samen met aanzienlijke expertise namens de gebruiker .
Het is waarschijnlijk dat een onervaren gebruiker de verkeerde hoeveelheid chemicaliën in de muur kan brengen .
Rising Damp behandelen met Dryrod
In tegenstelling tot drukinjectie kan een succesvolle en effectieve Dryrod - behandeling worden uitgevoerd op een huis van gemiddelde grootte zonder dat er speciale apparatuur nodig is om de installatie uit te voeren .
Omdat elke staaf precies de juiste hoeveelheid actieve ingrediënt krijgt , is het niet mogelijk om te veel of te weinig te doseren .
Boor eenvoudig en plaats het juiste aantal staven .
Dryrod Vochtwerende Rods zijn uitgebreid getest door de British Board of Agrement , de University of Portsmouth en Safeguard Europe .
Het is bewezen dat een muur behandeld met Dryrod meer dan 4 keer beter bestand is tegen opstijgend vocht dan een muurbehandeling met de volgende concurrerende methode .
Met zijn snelle en eenvoudige installatiemethode , gegarandeerde dosering en uitgebreid geteste effectiviteit , zijn Dryrod Vochtwerende Staven de moderne manier om opstijgend vocht te behandelen .
Aanvullende maatregelen
Mogelijk moeten de met zout verontreinigde muren opnieuw worden aangebracht .
Dryrod Vochtwerende
Staven zijn effectief genoeg dat er geen extra waterdichting nodig is door nieuw gips of een zand - en cementpleister .
Als de muur niet is verontreinigd met gemalen zouten , moet het oude decor behouden kunnen blijven .
Effectiviteit
Dryrod Vochtwerende Staven hebben een BBA - certificaat gekregen , wat bevestigt dat ze minimaal 20 jaar van kracht blijven .
Uit onze eigen tests blijkt dat Dryrod een effectieve DPC moet creëren zolang de behandelde muur structureel gezond is .
Andere onafhankelijke tests zijn uitgevoerd door de Universiteit van Portsmouth , wat de effectiviteit van Dryrod bevestigt .
How we change what others think , feel , believe and do
COLOMBO , Sri Lanka ( CNN ) --
At least 22 people were killed Friday in two bus bombings in Sri Lanka .
Sri Lankan security officials inspect the bus that was the target of the roadside bomb attack .
Initially , police said 21 commuters were killed and more than 53 wounded when an explosion hit a crowded bus in a town south of the capital of Sri Lanka on Friday , police said .
Police accused Tamil Tiger rebels of carrying out the attack in Moratuwa , a southern suburb of Colombo .
Police said they also discovered and defused a Claymore mine in the same place , preventing another explosion .
A few hours later a bomb explosion in a bus outside Sri Lanka 's hill capital of Kandy killing one person , police said .
The incident took place at Polgolla , some eight kilometres from the outskirts of Kandy where the bus was headed from the hill country town of Matale .
Police also blamed Tamil Tiger rebels for that explosion .
At Moratuwa , police and soldiers sealed off an area around the scene and searched for suspects .
Authorities also intensified security in Colombo .
Initial reports said an explosive device was placed on the ground and detonated with a remote control device , police said .
In an adjoining town , another bomb was discovered and diffused immediately , they added .
Watch medics treat bus blast survivors »
The explosion came as rebel bomb attacks on civilian targets in Colombo and its suburbs have showed a marked increase .
Pro-rebel web sites have accused Sri Lankan security forces of attacks on civilians in Wanni , the northern region dominated by them .
On Wednesday , a packed train heading to Colombo from the southern suburb of Panadura narrowly escaped severe damage when an explosion hit the track .
The blast injured 23 commuters .
On May 26 , an explosion on the same southern railway line killed nine and injured 84 .
All About Sri Lanka • Terrorism
File this one under Dreams Do Come True : Tommy DeCarlo , unknown singer from Charlotte , North Carolina , just joined his favorite group , Boston , and he has MySpace to thank for it .
DeCarlo , 43 , who up until recently was working as a credit manager at his local Home Depot , put MP3's of himself singing Boston songs in tribute to original lead singer Brad Delp , who committed suicide last year , on his MySpace page .
A fan contacted DeCarlo and suggested he send it to the band 's management .
Within days , Boston guitarist Tom Scholz was sitting at home when he heard something strange coming from his wife 's computer .
" I asked her whether it was us playing live and she said , ' It 's some guy in North Carolina singing your songs , ' " says Scholz .
" I said to her , ' I know Brad 's voice , and that 's Brad . '
She turned it up , and it was only when I heard the backing track that I knew it was n't us . "
As much as DeCarlo 's MP3's impressed Scholz , it was his live audition that really blew him away .
" During rehearsals , it can get downright eerie , " says Scholz .
" I forget it 's not Brad .
It makes me feel like someone was at work up there . "
So far , DeCarlo 's stage experience with Boston is limited to performing a couple of songs at the " Come Together : A Tribute To Brad Delp " concert held last year , but he 's counting the days before the band 's North American tour starts in June .
" I never could have dreamed this , " he says .
" That first gig is going to be something . "
By Joe Bosso
" Now I wear it every day and it keeps perfect time , even after all those years in the water .
It is absolutely excellent and I consider it a long - lost friend . "
Now more Russian regions from the bird ’s eye view .
photos by Sturman via leprosorium.ru
John McCain , like all decent Americans , is concerned about the trouble on the Iraq - Pakistan border .
Ali Frick , like a typical liberal , derides this on the grounds that there is no such border .
But if she had McCain 's years of foreign policy expertise and extensive conversations with John McCain she would have access to this double super - secret map of the CENTCOM AOR :
I won my school 's geography bee , so I know what I 'm talking about .
Here 's the last time I tried to help McCain out with a map .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Members of the Kennedy family are incensed over Hillary Rodham Clinton ‘s invoking the assassination of Robert F. Kennedy to explain why she ’s staying in the race – and they think it could be the death knell of an increasingly desperate and sloppy campaign .
“ That comment may be the last nail in her campaign ’s coffin , ” a Kennedy relative told The Post .
“ How can Hillary even use the experience argument when she repeatedly pushes the wrong buttons in her comments ? ”
An insider added , “ I think people really felt that a line was crossed and that her campaign – and even her legitimacy as a politician – ended today . ”
Said a second relative , “ She no longer has only her husband to blame for the ill - chosen comments coming from her camp . ”
While Robert Kennedy Jr. immediately came out in support of Sen. Clinton on Friday , others in the family ’s inner circle are fuming .
One cited “ a perceived insensitivity ” in her comment , made Friday before a South Dakota newspaper ’s editorial board , especially with the 40th anniversary of RFK ’s death two weeks away and Sen .
Ted Kennedy battling a brain tumor .
“ We were all sort of dumbfounded that she would say such a thing , ” the insider said .
There was also anger outside the family .
The Rev. Al Sharpton ripped the comment as dangerous .
The Kennedy family insider added : “ I know that many Clinton supporters in New York and New Jersey are sickened by her comments and that they are more concerned with Senator Kennedy ’s health and well - being than they are her campaign anymore .
Clinton was explaining why she was still in the race against Sen.
Barack Obama when she said : “ My husband did not wrap up the nomination in 1992 until he won the California primary somewhere in the middle of June .
Right ? ”
Then she added : “ We all remember Bobby Kennedy was assassinated in June in California . ”
That line , which she later said was meant to convey the fact that nomination battles can extend late into the primary season , also sparked outrage for touching upon Obama ’s personal safety .
It was also just plain inaccurate , say historians , noting that Clinton ’s drawn - out battle with Obama in a seemingly endless primary season is nothing like the 1968 and 1992 Democratic campaigns .
Bobby Kennedy was not in the midst of a long - fought primary battle when he was assassinated .
He entered the race on March 16 , 1968 , less than three months before the June 5 shooting .
As for Bill Clinton , despite his wife ’s perceptions , he ’d won the nomination long before mid-June 1992 .
The race was essentially over by March 20 , when Paul Tsongas dropped out and Clinton became the front - runner with a 7 - to - 1 delegate lead over Jerry Brown .
Obama , meanwhile , plans to give the commencement speech at Wesleyan University ’s graduation today in Connecticut , replacing the ailing Ted Kennedy .
Obama will be greeted by an unprecedented amount of security .
The ceremony will be closed to the public , and guests will have to go through metal detectors .
One presidential historian thinks Clinton ’s loose - lipped reference to assassination raises the danger of someone ’s targeting Obama .
“ Everybody , in the back of their minds , has been thinking of this , that Senator Obama could be in danger , ” said Rick Shenkman , a professor at George Mason University in Virginia .
“ Now it ’s out there .
It only takes one psycho . ”
In a radio interview yesterday in Puerto Rico , Obama said that he had accepted the apology Clinton issued Friday and that her comment about RFK was just “ careless . ”
Additional reporting by Charles Hurt
geoff.earle@nypost.com
Doctors have come a step closer to understanding what causes cot deaths .
In a 10 - year study of sudden unexplained infant deaths dealt with at Great Ormond Street hospital in London , the researchers found a link with bacterial infection .
At present , they caution , the link is merely an association .
They can not be sure that infections found during autopsy were what caused the deaths .
However , the study does go some way to confirming suspicions among medical professionals that bacteria such as Staphylococcus aureus and Escherichia coli are sometimes the cause .
" It 's an idea that year by year has a bit more evidence ... this is another step in that process , but I think quite an important step , " said Dr James Morris , an expert in sudden infant death at Lancaster Royal infirmary , who was not directly involved in the study .
" We 've now really got a reasonable hypothesis that these organisms are causing sudden infant death , at least in some cases . "
In 2005 , there were 268 unexplained infant deaths in England and Wales , a rate of 0.41 deaths for every 1,000 live births .
To avoid cot death , parents should lay their child on its back to sleep , not smoke in the house and not let it sleep in the bed with them , said Morris .
To test the bacterial link , the Great Ormond Street team reviewed 546 autopsies from cases of infants under a year old who died between 1996 and 2005 .
They found that those with an unexplained cause of death were more likely to have a bacterial infection than those who had died of something other than an infection .
The study is reported today in the Lancet .
HOUSTON ( Reuters ) - Halliburton Co HAL.N said on Monday that first - quarter profit rose 6 percent , meeting Wall Street expectations , as customers in markets including the Middle East and Asia spent more on oil and gas exploration and production .
Halliburton headquarters near downtown Houston is shown in this May 9 , 2003 file photo .
REUTERS / Richard Carson
Halliburton and rivals including Schlumberger Ltd SLB.N and Weatherford International Ltd WFT.N have seen faster growth in overseas markets , while North America has slowed .
Record crude oil prices and a two - year high in natural gas futures prices have prompted exploration companies to increase spending , leading to a more optimistic outlook -- even in North America -- for the oilfield services companies .
“ The fundamentals of the world oil and gas market are projecting that the next leg up in this extended cycle is near , ” Dave Lesar , Halliburton ’s chief executive , said in a statement .
Lesar also said North America “ ... is much stronger than may have been anticipated just a few months ago . ”
Halliburton , which opened a headquarters in Dubai last year in a bid to win more international business , said first - quarter profit increased to $ 584 million , or 64 cents per share , from $ 552 million , or 54 cents per share , a year earlier .
Analysts on average had expected a profit of 64 cents , according Reuters Estimates .
Revenue rose 18 percent to $ 4 billion .
“ I thought the commentary from management was very positive , ” said Roger Read , oilfield services analyst with Natixis Bleichroeder .
“ They did n’t blow the quarter away , but they were n’t expected to .
The first quarter is typically a tough one , with weather impact and product sales in the fourth quarter that do n’t recur .
In North America , Halliburton ’s revenue rose 11 percent to $ 1.86 billion while operating income was nearly flat at $ 491 million .
Halliburton said revenue outside North America soared 24 percent to $ 2.16 billion , while operating income rose 21 percent to $ 422 million .
Also on Monday , the company confirmed it won a large three - year contract for work in Saudi Aramco ’s Manifa field , which has a production target of 900,000 barrels of oil per day .
In pre-market trading , shares of Halliburton edged up to $ 47.65 from their New York Stock Exchange close on Friday of $ 47.43 .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Yahoo
Inc will appoint activist investor Carl Icahn and two of his nominees to its board , defusing a proxy battle showdown and making an immediate deal with Microsoft Corp less likely .
The settlement with Icahn , announced on Monday , came just 11 days before Yahoo ’s August 1 annual shareholders meeting .
Icahn had originally sought to replace the entire board with his own nominees and oust Yahoo Chief Executive Jerry Yang .
But Icahn ’s campaign appeared to have failed to win backing from key shareholders such as Legg Mason fund manager Bill Miller , who said on Friday that he would support Yahoo ’s board .
Legg owned 4.4 percent of Yahoo , according to recent filings .
Icahn failed to convince many investors that if he had won control of Yahoo at the upcoming annual meeting , that he had any alternative for turning the business around , other than to sell it in part or in whole to Microsoft .
“ It may be possible it does generate some positive change .
Perhaps Icahn can drive some more staff reductions , persuade it to divest its Asia investments , ” Jeffrey Lindsay , an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein , said of the settlement .
“ Overall it seems much less likely that there will be a transaction with Microsoft .
The market is already reading it that way , ” he added .
“ This looks like a compromise and in general most of these compromises , certainly with ones with Icahn in the past , have reinforced the status quo . ”
Yahoo has said Microsoft ’s various deal proposals have undervalued its business and instead reached a search advertising partnership with arch rival Google to boost its performance .
Yahoo shares fell 69 cents , or 3 percent , to $ 21.76 in afternoon trading .
The stock is far below Microsoft ’s last offer price of $ 33 per share , a bid that was withdrawn in May .
Microsoft shares fell lost 20 cents to $ 25.66 .
A REPRIEVE FOR MANAGEMENT
After six months of on - again , off - again talks with Microsoft that have undermined Yang and his management team ’s credibility with Wall Street , the settlement with Icahn could shore up Yahoo ’s position in the near term .
“ Yahoo ’s current management is much better suited for Yahoo shareholders throughout this transition period .
It ’s not like a vote of confidence , it ’s just they ’re the right people to get us through the disaster that we ’re in , ” said RBC Capital Markets analyst Ross Sandler .
“ They ’ve done a poor job , but unfortunately there is n’t a whole lineup of really good Internet executives who are pounding down the door to take on this challenge . ”
Yahoo reports quarterly results on Tuesday and some analysts said the Icahn settlement could help allay pressure over what is expected to be a weak second - quarter performance .
Investor Carl Icahn speaks at the Wall Street Journal Deals & Deal Makers conference in New York , June 27 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Chip East
“ They may be able to find a few extra pennies this quarter via cost controls just to show the market that they are making improvements , ” Canaccord Adams analyst Colin Gillis said .
But Gillis added it would be difficult for Yahoo to show momentum when it gives forecasts for the current quarter , given economic weakness and competitive pressures hurting online advertising , which could still come back to haunt its leaders .
“ The key thing is , is Jerry inspiring people , and if he ’s not , then there ’s a good chance Carl Icahn will agitate him out of that position , ” Gillis said .
YAHOO TO EXPAND BOARD
Icahn , who owned 4.98 percent of Yahoo , called the settlement a “ good outcome ” and said he continues to believe a transaction to sell Yahoo or its search business should be given full consideration , according to a company statement .
Yahoo said it will expand its board to 11 members from nine , with eight of its existing directors standing for re-election .
Icahn will be appointed and the remaining two board seats will be chosen from a list that includes Icahn ’s original slate of candidates and Jonathan Miller , former chairman and CEO of Time Warner Inc ’s AOL , Yahoo said .
Yahoo said Roy Bostock , Ronald Burkle , Eric Hippeau , Vyomesh Joshi , Arthur Kern , Mary Agnes Wilderotter , Gary Wilson and Jerry Yang would stand for re-election .
Activision Blizzard CEO Robert Kotick will not .
For those of us who value art and the richness it brings to our lives , we strive to experience it firsthand whenever possible .
We make pilgrimages to the world ’s best art museums , attend shows in galleries , and study the works of the masters .
Some of us may even be inspired to create our own art as an homage to these great works .
But when the artist you admire is an anonymous street artist , it gets a bit more complicated .
With Banksy we often experience the work in some kind of secondary form – such as photos of his works , prints in a less pricey series or intricate fan tattoos .
Welcome to part three in our eight - part guide to Banksy Art and Graffiti .
( image via : Banksy.co.uk )
Banksy is irrefutably a talented artist .
He has gained a worldwide following and his pseudonym is known around the world .
What makes the Banksy experience unusual is that most of his fans have never seen one of his pieces in person .
Most of us would n’t even know about him if not for the spread of his work over the internet .
( image via : Mad Paul )
Various photos of Banksy ’s work have been passed around on the internet for years .
His street works , gallery shows , books , and auctioned pieces have created a stir unparalleled by any other street artist in history .
Although his art has shown up in cities far and wide , there are plenty of places he has n’t tagged .
The fact that people in those untouched places still know his name is an astonishing feat for someone who works with spray cans and stencils on concrete walls .
( Top images via : Banksy.co.uk Bottom image via : Pinewood Design )
What ’s more is that many of Banksy ’s works are extremely transient .
Beautiful as they are , they are usually gone within hours .
They are removed and painted over by city workers who adhere to a zero - tolerance policy on graffiti .
It is perhaps this transience , in part , that has led to such an explosion in Banksy admiration .
His pieces are difficult to see , nearly impossible to own , and can be enjoyed by most people only as images on a computer screen .
Those who are lucky enough to see one of his works in person often take a photograph of it , knowing that if they return to the spot tomorrow it may not be there .
In most cases it will have been painted over , but an increasingly common possibility is that it will have been purchased and moved to another location .
It ’s not hard to imagine a time in the future when elusive photos of Banksy works will be worth nearly as much as his original pieces of art themselves .
( image via : Pictures on Walls )
The enigmatic artist ’s work has spawned numerous websites and online forums .
Most are as a tribute , but some are to meant to decry his art and depict him as a criminal .
No matter what their content , some of these sites are making decent amounts of money simply by capitalizing on the name , regardless of the fact that they have no connection with Banksy himself .
( image via : Banksy.co.uk )
To his credit , even Banksy believes that the prices paid for his artwork are far too high .
Although it ’s been occasionally possible to find authentic Banksy prints online for somewhat affordable prices , several of his pieces have recently been auctioned off to wealthy bidders for astronomical amounts of money .
Signed prints which have been in private collections are now selling for more than their previous owners ever dreamed of .
You wo n’t find low - quality Banksy prints on sale at your local “ ready to hang ” art superstore .
You will , however , find a link to Banksy ’s shop on his official website .
The shop is filled with only free images , which he encourages visitors to download and use for any non-commercial purpose they see fit .
( Top image via : danfloorjustice .
Bottom images via : GYLo and : nicasaurusrex )
Many people have taken that invitation and used these free Banksy prints – and other Banksy pieces found online – in their tattoo designs .
Banksy tattoos have enjoyed a meteoric rise in popularity over the last several years .
To an artist who started off by spray painting buildings in his hometown , this must be the ultimate compliment .
Knowing that there are people out there who admire his work enough to make it a permanent part of their flesh has to feel absolutely amazing .
The transience and untouchable quality of street art is then turned into an immovable statement of art , love , dedication , and everything else that the particular piece means to the tattoo - holder .
( image via : Blavish )
While some artists would be up in arms about the reproduction of their work , Banksy carries a slightly less territorial view of his art .
As a street artist , he believes that his art belongs on the street where people can see it .
His books were released with the intent of sharing his transient artwork with those who would never get to see it in person .
His gallery pieces ?
They just pay the bills .
The heart and soul of this street artist is now , and forever will be , right there on the street with those who admire him the most .
Banksy Art 1 : Who is Banksy ?
Banksy Art 2 : Graffiti , Drawings and Stencils
Pets act different on drugs .
Anyone whose dog ever discovered pot brownies can corroborate this one .
But antidepressants are increasingly being marketed to pets , because a drug company whose blockbuster drug just went generic can get a whole new patent when they make Prozac chewable and meat - flavored , and somehow this is raising the age - old question : just how human are our pets ?
It it a matter of , " they stop attacking the kids when we feed them SSRIs , therefore they ' are ' ? "
Advertisement
Anyway , so , as someone whose family dog used to be on some form of doggy Xanax and whose ex-boyfriend 's ex-cat used to take a variety of pills for schizophrenia and obsessive - compulsive disorder , I can tell you , I have occasionally wondered , whether all their playing sweet and dumb crap was n't simply a Canis familiarus - wide conspiracy to leech off the upright race 's superior work ethic and tireless capacity for scooping up feces .
( Fun fact : American pet spending has risen 30 % or eleven and a half billion dollars over the course of the past five years , a period of time during which the average American household income did not increase at all . ) (!!)
But …
The underlying controversy of the story seems to be , do pets only know basic fear / joy / pain type feelings , or do they have actual consciousness ?
Because dogs can be compulsive and anxious and schizo and crap .
But , you know , until I hear a little more evidence there is some epic existential barking tradition being endangered by the nation 's shock collars , I am going to venture that the whole thing is just one more case of humans overintellectualizing their bad tendencies , when it 's really pretty clear a lot of the crap we do is primal and doglike and basically dumb , which probably explains why we so dote on and empathize with the lesser species , and the only solace is that consciousness allows us to recognize that , and also , why we keep sleeping with assholes .
Advertisement
Pill - Popping Pets [ NY Times ]
Related : How Prozac Sent The Science Of Depression In The Wrong Direction [ Boston Globe ]
Electronic Voting : Clinton Beats Exit Polls
CLINTON BEATS EXIT POLLS BY WIDE MARGIN IN EVERY STATE The Democratic Primaries 2008 :
“ As long as I am counting the Votes , what are you going to do about it ? ”
Boss Tweed ( by Thomas Nast ) Managing Electoral Dynamics via Covert Vote - Count Manipulation
When the 700,000 plus absentee count was announced when in - person voting began , Obama had “ 436,034 to 303,276 for Clinton , or 59 % to 41 % , an 18 % margin .
But by the time the counting was done the next morning , Clinton had a 51 % to 48 % victory . ”
Jonathan Simon and Bruce O’Dell
Election Defense Alliance
Summary Statement
We present evidence supporting the hypothesis that systematic attempts are being made to manipulate the results of the 2008 Democratic presidential nomination contest , through overt means such as crossover voting by non-Democrats , and through covert means targeted at the electronic vote tabulation process itself .
The net effect has been to prolong the nomination battle and sharpen its negativity , thereby boosting the prospects of the Republican nominee and making more plausible his “ victory ” in November - either by an honest count or through continued exploitation of the proven security vulnerabilities in American voting systems .
Introduction
Perhaps John McCain is , as Humphrey Bogart says of the young Bulgarian who wins the money for his family ’s exit visa at the roulette table in Casablanca , “ just a lucky guy . ”
Lucky that the Democrats find themselves locked into a protracted primary season inexorable in its dynamics and increasingly destructive in its impact .
Lucky that Hillary Clinton has been magically revived each time she has found herself on electoral life support , to assume a position just far enough behind Barack Obama to be induced to resort to desperate measures and increasingly - negative ads , yet not so far behind as to be forced to bow out .
Lucky that dynamics ostensibly out of McCain ’s control have combined to give him such material assistance .
Perhaps .
But there is compelling evidence that something other than luck is at work .
With 82 % of Americans polled convinced the nation is on the wrong track , self - destruction by the Democratic Party is the only remaining credible means by which , come 2008 , the GOP could sustain the perpetual rule envisioned by Karl Rove .
( Rove , of course , has hardly retired and is now working from home , beyond the reach of the mandatory email backup system installed at the White House just before he left to “ spend time with his family . ” )
The goal of Democratic Party self - destruction in 2008 could most reliably be brought to pass by one progression of events , one choreography : if a candidate , Hilary Clinton , known for her sense of entitlement , lifelong ambition , tenacity - and willingness to go negative - could be placed and kept in a desperate but not quite hopeless position ; the result would follow , quite predictably .
What the mainstream media have now set up and trumpeted as an epic “ blood feud ” in the Democratic Party , whether or not it actually undermines the party ’s prospects in November , will certainly pre-establish a plausible “ explanation ” for the defeat of whoever the Democratic nominee turns out to be .
The same is true for US Senate and House races , where Democrats are heavily favored to expand their majorities , given the large number of open seats this November that were formerly held by Republican incumbents and a string of recent special election victories .
But Democratic congressional candidates in both houses are arguably now facing the prospect of negative coattails .
By setting the stage for post-election “ spin ” for the Presidential and congressional races in November , any outcome - determinative electoral manipulations would become much less “ shocking ” , and that much less likely to trigger investigation and ultimate detection .
This jaundiced overview of the Democratic primary season [ 1 ] is unfortunately supported by a body of evidence that goes well beyond the odd anomaly or two .
When we examine - as the media has steadfastly refused to do - the numbers and disparities discovered in a parade of key states that determined the path the Democratic contest has taken to date , we find a telling pattern .
This pattern is consistent with a tactical manipulation of the primary election vote counts in the service of the strategic choreography alluded to above : keeping Clinton in the race and desperate .
There are sound reasons why the Clinton campaign itself is not among the suspects : if Clinton ’s campaign or supporters had the capacity and the will to alter election outcomes , it is reasonable to conclude that she would have won , or at least be ahead in , the race ; and the ownership and operation of electronic voting equipment remains almost exclusively in the secretive hands of vendors ( Diebold / Premier , ES&S , Hart , and Sequoia ) with avowedly right - wing Republican political sympathies .
Our examination includes the Democratic primaries in the following key states : New Hampshire , Massachusetts , Rhode Island , Texas , Ohio , and Pennsylvania , each of which had surprising and unexpected results .
In each of these critical elections there was a significant pro-Clinton disparity when comparing pre-election surveys and Election Day exit polls against the official vote counts .
1/8/08 : New Hampshire
This was the first of the “ must - wins ” for Clinton .
She went into New Hampshire on the heels of an embarrassing third - place finish in Iowa and a 20 % + defeat in Wyoming , had lost momentum , and was trailing by substantial margins in every pre-election poll in the Granite state ( the range was from 5 % to 13 % , with Obama ’s and Clinton ’s internal polling both also showing a double - digit Obama margin ) .
Observers consistently reported Obama rallies that were far larger and more enthusiastic .
There was no sign of a Clinton groundswell .
Yet on Election Night the voters apparently changed their minds , and gave her a 3 % victory .
The media pundits scratched their collective heads and scrambled to explain this stunning reversal , which would have been remarkable enough if it had been a double - digit shift from a single reputable tracking poll , but was truly staggering when viewed against the backdrop of the entire phalanx of tracking polls .
There was palpable grasping at straws - but never even a hint that perhaps the polls had it right and something was wrong with the vote counts .
Nor was there a mention that the first posted National Election Pool ( NEP ) exit poll had Obama ahead 39.4 % to 38.1 % , while earlier unposted NEP exit polls put Obama further ahead .
The first posted exit poll was already weighted to a carefully calibrated demographic profile of the electorate , and therefore as reliable an indicator of voter intent as is available .
Indeed , that first - posted exit poll may already have been partially adjusted toward conformity with the incoming vote counts , thereby understating the apparent exit poll - vote count disparity .
That exit poll was largely spot -on for the other candidates ; only Clinton and Obama ’s exit poll numbers shifted significantly as votes were tabulated .
The mainstream media also did not mention the extraordinary disparity between votes that were counted by hand ( Obama + 6.5 % head - to - head with Clinton ) and those tabulated by computerized optical scan devices ( Clinton + 5.5 % head - to - head with Obama ) .
Although the counting method ( machine vs. hand ) was not strictly homogeneously distributed throughout the state , neither was it clustered in such a way that would readily explain the huge statistical disparity in results .
When considering benign reasons for such surprising and unexpected outcomes , conventional explanations all begin and end with the unquestioned belief that the computerized vote counts are valid .
Quite an assumption in light of the parade of anomalies , disparities , and machine failures witnessed nationwide since the advent and proliferation of computerized vote counting .
Official election results are assumed valid , even though the votes are tabulated by secret software [ 2 ] concealed on memory cards immune to inspection and under the strict proprietary control of an outsourced corporate vendor ; in New Hampshire , the vendor is LHS , about which unanswered questions abound .
In an on - going epilogue , the New Hampshire primary remains under scrutiny .
Investigators are amassing detailed evidence of pervasive mistabulation , focused in certain counties .
On the Democratic side , there were an alarming number of polling sites reporting more votes than voters .
Recounting was rendered effectively useless by a nonexistent chain of custody , which permitted more than ample opportunity for ballot substitution and revision .
Memory cards were reported as having been erased and were never made available to investigators .
Even something as basic as a reconciliation of the number of ballots delivered to number of ballots voted , spoiled , and uncast was lacking .
Nor was there reconciliation of number of voters checked in at the polls to number of ballots cast .
At this first critical turning point in the Democratic contest an Obama victory would have , in the view of most analysts , effectively ended Clinton ’s campaign .
That victory - augured in pre-election polling , exit polls , and hand - counted ballots - vanished into the black box scanners provided by Diebold and programmed by LHS .
Instead , Clinton was credited with a stunning comeback , given new life , and the nomination battle continued .
2/5/2008 : Super Tuesday
Super Tuesday was essentially a standoff , each candidate doing what was necessary to remain viable .
There were , however , several exit poll - vote count disparities far beyond the expected margin of error , each involving a shift toward Clinton .
In Massachusetts , another LHS state like New Hampshire , the shift was a whopping 15.5 % , turning a projected narrow Obama victory into a 15 % Clinton rout .
In Arizona , site of some of the most dubious counting antics over the past several election cycles , the pro-Clinton shift was 11 % , again reversing the outcome .
And in New Jersey , where machines are currently under high scrutiny supported by a court order , the shift was 8.6 % .
Each of these shifts was well beyond the margin of error of the respective polls .
Each resulted in shifts in delegate count to Obama ’s detriment , as well as the loss of two victories that would have put a very different complexion on the outcome of Super Tuesday as a whole .
The overall effect was , again , to maintain Clinton ’s viability .
3/4/2008 : Ohio , Rhode Island , Texas
In the weeks following Super Tuesday , Obama racked up a succession of impressive wins - including every caucus state , where vote counting is often face - to - face , and subject to greater scrutiny .
As a result he pulled well ahead in the delegate count , and began to take on the mantle of inevitability .
Once more , pundits were calling the race all but over , and Texas and Ohio were often described as Clinton ’s last stand .
She needed wins in both states , it was flatly stated , to continue in the race .
Even Clinton ’s own campaign conceded as much .
In the weeks before the election , Obama had closed an initial gap in both states and was running even or ahead in pre-election polling .
Ohio
In Ohio once again we are confronted with a discrepancy between exit polls and official tallies .
The initial published exit poll , posted shortly after poll closing , showed a 3 % Clinton margin ( 51.1 % to 47.9 % ) , while the final official vote count showed a 10 % Clinton margin ( 54.3 % to 44.0 % ) .
This disparity was well outside the exit poll ’s margin of error .
The official vote count was also a significant departure from a compendium of pre-election polls , which showed Obama gaining ground and approaching equality .
[ 3 ]
Viewed in isolation , Ohio could be explained as a “ late Clinton surge ” that caught the pre-election pollsters by surprise .
Primaries are indeed fluid and volatile , as elections go , and there were reports of organized attempts to encourage Republican crossover voting for Clinton , though the Republican crossover vote may have been less robust than initially reported .
It can also plausibly be viewed as another in a succession of “ cover stories ” ( for example , the massive but phantom after - dinner Evangelical turnout offered up by Rove as a factor in reversing the outcome in 2004 ) that could well provide a relatively benign explanation for more nefarious operations .
But instead there was a parade of contests in important states in the 2008 nomination battle in which a substantial exit poll - vote count disparity worked in Clinton ’s favor - including New Hampshire , Massachusetts , Illinois , New Jersey , Arkansas , Arizona , California , and now Ohio and , as we will see , Texas and Rhode Island .
In contrast , we have observed to date no battleground state primary with a significant [ 4 ] exit poll - vote count disparity in Obama ’s favor .
Some have invoked the so - called “ Bradley effect ” to account for this string of disparities .
According to this theory , some white voters who would not vote for a black candidate in the privacy of the voting booth are “ shamed ” into indicating to pollsters ( i.e. , in public ) that they chose that candidate .
But research into the Bradley effect has established that it is , at best , an inconsistent and relatively rare phenomenon , very unlikely to account for such a pervasive pattern as identified above .
It is only if one is unwilling to consider any possibility of computerized vote mistabulation that such superficially plausible theories as the Bradley effect take their place in the front of the line of explanations .
Rhode Island
The exit poll - vote count disparity in Rhode Island was 14.1 % ; the exit poll posted after poll closing had Clinton up 4.1 % ( 51.6 % to 47.5 % ) over Obama , yet the official vote count had Clinton up 18.2 % ( 58.8 % to 40.6 % ) .
This is far outside the exit poll ’s margin of error , and on a par with the similarly perplexing and bizarre 15.5 % disparity favoring Clinton in Massachusetts on Super Tuesday .
It is reasonable to ask , if exit polls are this far off , why bother exit polling ?
( Or perhaps just as reasonable to ask , if vote counts are this far off , why bother voting ? )
Texas
In Texas there was a relatively modest 4 % discrepancy between the first posted exit polls and official tallies - in the usual direction and larger than the margin of error , and also in this case , withheld from the public until more than an hour after poll closing .
While most primary exit polls are posted a few minutes after the polls close , an hour ’s delay enables ample opportunity for adjustment of exit polls toward conformity with the incoming vote count , and so the posted exit polls may understate the magnitude of the discrepancy .
But the disparity in Texas between early voting results vs. Election Day in - precinct voting was of staggering proportions that seemed to defy explanation .
The earliest returns posted on network websites showed a total of approximately 740,000 votes cast in the Democratic primary with 0 % of precincts reporting .
This was the early / absentee vote tally , which in some states is tabulated and available for release immediately upon poll closing .
Obama ’s vote at that point was 436,034 to 303,276 for Clinton , or 59 % to 41 % , an 18 % margin .
But by the time the counting was done the next morning , Clinton had a 51 % to 48 % victory . . . a whopping 21 % margin reversal .
Obama addressing a crowd of 20,000 in down town Austin , Texas .
How did his 59 % - 41 % lead in absentee votes collapse so quickly ?
Was there something about absentee voters that caused them to give Obama an 18 % margin ?
What was even more stunning , however , was that Clinton had caught up to Obama before even a quarter of the election day vote had been tallied : with 23 % of election day precincts reporting and almost exactly as many at - precinct votes as early votes counted , the overall count stood at Obama 711,759 , Clinton 711,183 ( 49 % - 49 % ) , a dead heat .
To catch up so quickly and produce those numbers , Clinton had to win the at - precinct vote in that quarter of Texas precincts by 59 % to 41 % ... an exact reversal of the early voting Obama landslide .
What we saw in Texas were essentially equal and opposite landslides , as if we were observing two not only separate but radically divergent electorates , one that chose to vote early and one that chose to go to the polls .
The early voting period in Texas extends from 17 days to four days prior to the election .
Ordinarily explanations for a divergence of such magnitude , particularly in intra-party contests , would be due to time - critical phenomena such as late - breaking gaffes , scandals , debate blowouts and the like .
But there was no such occurrence .
During the early voting period the average of 13 pre-election polls showed Clinton 45.6 % , Obama 46.7 % .
In the three days before the election , after the early voting period had ended , the average of eight polls was Clinton 46.8 % , Obama 46.1 % , a very modest change and certainly not the 21 % mega - reversal displayed by the early voting and at - precinct vote counts .
While there is no obvious explanation for the pattern observed , one hypothesis worthy of investigation is that one set of counting equipment ( either early - voting or at - precinct voting ) was accessed by malicious insiders and manipulated .
If the pattern of pro-Clinton shifts were to hold , the place to investigate first would of course be the at - precinct voting equipment and county central tabulators .
Having won Ohio and Texas , Clinton remained viable but still in dire straits , leading directly to the most polarizing and divisive phase of the nomination battle .
4/23/08 : Pennsylvania
In the ‘ quiet ’ interval during the six weeks prior to the Pennsylvania primary , the effects of Clinton ’s revived ( but precarious ) position had ample opportunity to play out .
The Clinton campaign went on the offensive , with the type of personal , negative attacks that both campaigns had previously eschewed .
Obama was relentlessly portrayed as elitist and out - of - touch by the Clinton campaign ( and by Clinton herself ) , a depiction the mainstream media began to echo almost as relentlessly .
And , sure enough , incidents emerged that played into this depiction - most notably Reverend Wright ’s sermons and Obama ’s own quote that seemed to both pigeonhole and patronize the working - class voters of Pennsylvania .
These were replayed by the mainstream media in an endless barrage of coverage , all keyed to the theme that Obama might be too out - of - touch , and too close to the radical black fringe , to be president .
Obama appeared to successfully counter that round of negative attacks , and it appeared to have little or no impact in his polling support nationwide – nor , indeed , in Pennsylvania .
Obama went into the April 23 primary trailing Clinton by 5 % or less in pre-election polls , with no late movement to Clinton detected .
It was viewed as essential by mainstream media pundits that Clinton win “ by double digits ” to maintain her viability and pick up the momentum required to win decisive super delegate support .
First - posted exit polls for Pennsylvania reflected pre-election expectations , with Clinton leading 51.6 % to 47.8 % , a 3.8 % margin .
By late in the evening , however , with the count mostly in , it was Clinton by 9.4 % -- close enough for the morning papers , networks , and websites to lead with Clinton ’s “ double - digit ” win .
As with New Hampshire , Ohio , and Texas , there was a wide range of irregularities , glitches , and vote suppression incidents reported .
Again , an exit poll disparity beyond the margin of error .
Again , a departure , in the familiar direction , from the range of pre-election polling .
And once again the final result was that Clinton received just enough to sustain her campaign , her “ double - digit ” victory , courtesy of a generous round - off .
The Upshot
Just as with a spaceship ’s carefully - calibrated mid-course corrections that make an ultimate difference of millions of miles , it does not take much to radically change the course of a multi-election political contest .
A few quick bursts from the retrorockets at the right moment (s ) will do the trick .
Of course the dynamics of a campaign can change legitimately , as a result of the thrust and parry process , exposure of weaknesses , refutation of apparent inevitability , etc .
But the shift in dynamics of the 2008 Democratic nomination contest strongly correlated with a string of election results that raised serious red flags independent of their impact on the race .
Glaring discrepancies far beyond the margin of error of exit polls and pre-election polls , and the confounding of the expected electoral dynamics , produced results that had the precise impact of prolonging and intensifying the nomination battle .
Had the primary election results jibed with those independent measures and expectations , it would long since have been wrapped up .
Anyone actually in a position to take advantage of the vast array of security vulnerabilities in the computers that run our elections would have an obvious interest in remaining undetected .
The safest path would be to take only what you need to achieve your bottom - line goal , and not one vote more .
Anything beyond adds risk without reward .
Thus , in keeping with our hypothesis that the fundamental goal of primary contest electoral manipulation was to create “ plausible defeatability ” for the Democratic ticket in November , we would expect little additional manipulation in the last stages of the Democratic contest .
It is apparent that an Obama defeat in November ( and more extensive Democratic losses in down - ballot races ) can be spun as a plausible consequence of the intra-party strife that has already been depicted as weakening the party and its nominee , and of apparent Obama weaknesses exposed in the course of the grueling nomination battle .
With such a cover story safely in place , even an against - the - odds Republican “ victory ” in November could be successfully spun and sold to the candidates , their parties , the media , and the voters .
The “ mystery adjustment ” factor in polling
One final observation concerning the pre-election polling that sets expectations for candidates , the mainstream media , and the voters themselves .
We are deeply concerned that these polls too paint a false backdrop against which the signs of computerized electoral manipulation by insiders will appear diminished in magnitude over time , or even disappear .
The reason for this concern is obviously not that the fraternity of pollsters is knowingly acting to support or conceal systematic computerized electoral manipulation , but rather that pollsters simply cannot expect to stay in business if they consistently fail to predict the “ actual ” electoral results .
The worst problem for a pollster is to be consistently “ off ” in the same direction .
Put another way , pollsters are not paid for achieving some abstract statistical purity but rather for accurate predictions - however achieved .
If one places oneself in the position of a pollster who , time and again , is faced with results that are , say 6 – 8 % more Republican than their predictions , or shifted in the direction the right wing would desire , it becomes clear that one would begin making a “ mystery adjustment ” to whatever data emerges from a clean survey methodology .
Such an adjustment can be easily generated by changes in demographic weighting that can at least in part be justified by reliance on data emerging from previous elections , themselves manipulated .
Call it a fudge factor if you will , but it keeps the pollster in business while failing to make such a correction would be professional suicide .
By way of corroboration of this phenomenon , in public dialogue with a major - party polling consultant the following shocking admission was made : if the Democratic candidate is not leading by 10 % going into the election in their internal polling , they expect the race to be a toss - up .
This internal candidate polling is - unlike polls published for public consumption - intended to paint a ruthlessly accurate picture of contest dynamics to help the party prioritize expensive get - out - the - vote drives and last - minute media blitzes .
The fact that even major - party pollsters must adjust their own results to account for the “ mystery swing ” to the right is a strong indication that much the same distorting protocol is already being employed in public pre-election polling .
When manipulated elections serve as the calibration tool for pre-election polling , we lose yet another independent check mechanism on the official computerized vote tabulation process .
This only deepens the crisis .
Conclusion
Election theft is certainly hard to prove , with virtually all hard evidence withheld as proprietary ; and even well - supported allegations by credible journalists , computer scientists , security professionals and election integrity activists are given a wide berth by both the mainstream media and the established political powers of both major parties .
Yet , even with the limited tools at our disposal , we keep discovering evidence - in pre-election polls , exit polls , and published election results – that is consistent with a pattern of widespread covert manipulation of vote counts .
We will continue to investigate and report these anomalies until a thorough and unblinking investigation of suspicious results is undertaken by those in position to collect the additional evidence needed to establish incontrovertible proof .
But since many of those in the best position to investigate election anomalies are themselves elected officials , our best hope may be to follow the recent example of Ireland and the Netherlands - dispense with voting computers , and simply count our own paper ballots by hand .
ENDS
[ 1 ]
There were significant oddities on the Republican side as well , beyond the scope of our analysis here .
[ 2 ] Remarkably enough , we know with certainty that the precise model of optical scan voting equipment in use in NH , Diebold Accuvote OS Model 1.94W , is vulnerable to outcome - altering manipulation by insiders .
A live demonstration on that very Diebold model was captured in the HBO documentary “ Hacking Democracy ” .
[ 3 ]
See
[ 4 ]
In this case significant means “ larger than the exit poll margin of error ” .
[ 5 ]
Weighted , 1421 respondents , approximate margin of error 3 %
Originally Published at Election Defense Alliance
OpEdNews .Com
pdf - Managing Electoral Dynamics Via Covert Vote - Count Manipulation
Information on Jonathan Simon and Bruce O’Dell
*************
© Scoop Media
Some of you are too young to relate to this , but North American Gen- Xers like myself remember childhood summers where we would leave home after breakfast to play and not come home for eight or nine hours .
As long as we were home in time for dinner , our parents did n't raise an eyebrow .
It was considered normal .
If you 're a ten - year old , try that today and see what happens .
Amber Alerts will rain down from the heavens in an organized fury !
This is n't a criticism of the Amber Alert system .
The idea of your child going missing is a nightmare of unparalleled scope to a parent , and having a system in place to find them as soon as possible is a good thing .
But the fear to be found in a society that needs such a system is unbelievably destructive , and many factors dovetail to create this fear .
Many of you wo n't believe this , but Western societies are safer than they ever have been in history .
This is hard to believe because of a constant struggle between two human factors , the Head ( rational thought ) and the Gut ( hard - wired survival instincts ) .
This conflict is laid bare in a new book by Dan Gardner : RISK : The Science and Politics of Fear .
Within this 300 + page book , Mr. Gardner , a journalist and historian , throws the fear that pervades our lives into sharp relief .
He not only shows how we 're all wired to be terrified of unrealistically small risks , he also shows that the media , our governments , and big corporations encourage these fears .
Sometimes they encourage them for mercenary reasons ; other times , the fear is encouraged inadvertently .
There is a constant battle being fought in our psyches between these two 800 - lb. gorillas within our behaviourial matrix .
Generally , we rely on Gut to guide us in making decisions , with Head stepping in to ameliorate the more extreme reactions with rational assessments .
For example , if we hear an ominous sound in a dark alley , Gut sets off the alarm and tells us to leave .
Head , however , also notes that there 's quite a wind blowing , and the sound we heard could be easily explained by boxes and cans being knocked over .
We adjust our reaction and carry on .
Sometimes though , Head is n't given enough ( or any ! ) information to be helpful in adjusting Gut 's reactions .
Gardner explains that much of this comes from the advent of mass communications , which is no real surprise .
A century ago , your window to the world was in fact the front window of your house .
You paid attention to threats that were local .
You could read the paper and note the threats that were far away , but they had little impact on your daily assessments .
Fifty years ago , your window to the world was the television .
With visuals and the humanizing effect of in - person interviews , distant threats became more real and pertinent to Gut .
Today , what you see on television has become your local community , with all of the rapes , murders and abductions from around the world neatly organized and queued up for your consumption .
When a sweet little girl 1400 km away goes missing , Gut tells you that all little children in your immediate community are at risk .
The truth , of course , is quite different .
But the truth , the hard numbers that make sense to Head , are decidedly unavailable .
When you watch the news , you 're told truthfully that cancer rates are set to rise sharply over the next 15 to 25 years .
What the newscasters ( and cancer foundations ) do n't give you is the context , that due to dramatic improvements in health care , people are living much longer and cancer is by and large a disease of the elderly .
An aging population will by definition become one where incidents of cancer will rise .
Without that latter piece of information ,
Gut is left to shriek in fear in the corner , and money flows into the coffers of Big Pharma , sunscreen manufacturers and cancer research foundations .
Funding going to research to fight cancer is certainly an excellent thing , but this example serves to show you that even noble , altruistic organizations have no problem with manipulating the public to help serve their ends .
Where were you on 9/11 ?
Everyone remembers .
I also remember that the U.S. airline industry took it in the pouch for a full year after that tragic day .
Almost no one wanted to fly , because Gut said that the risk was too great , and Head had no data to mitigate that fear .
Everyone decided to drive instead , and this choice caused a spike in driving deaths .
In the U.S. , there is a 1 - in - 135,000 chance of being killed in a hijacking if you fly once a month for a year -- trivial odds , especially when you consider that there is an annual 1 - in - 6,000 chance of being killed in a car crash .
Nearly 3,000 people lost their lives on 9/11 .
The switch from flying - to - driving caused an additional 1,595 people to die the year following 9/11 .
The news media did n't notice , because it was n't spectacular like 9/11 or Hurricane Katrina .
Only the loved ones of the dead paid any attention .
The " spectacular " litmus test for today 's news channels is what helps drive so much of this unreasoning fear .
Gut believes that what we see on the news , the spectacular tragedies of serial killings , child abductions , terrorism , ad infinitum ad nauseum is a truthful representation of our world .
So Gut rightfully judges our world to be a terrifying place , where paedophiles , terrorists , murderers and cyclones lurk around every corner , to pounce on us the instant that we stop being careful .
We vilify the news media for being merchants of fear , yet what the news media offers is what we want .
Gut is always looking for examples of threats to help protect us , and eats up what CNN and its brethren have to offer .
The more we watch , the more scared we become , and the more scared we become , the more we want to watch .
In many ways , we created what the media have become today .
I picked up Gardner 's book and consumed it in two sittings , then went back to read it again .
His writing style is clear and his research is impeccable .
The only agenda he has in this book is to educate the reader on how we are doing a fantastic job of undermining our own world by scaring ourselves and allowing ourselves to be scared .
In an age where fear is the coin of the realm , learning of what we should be reasonably scared about ( and it 's none of the things you hear about on the news on a daily basis ) is priceless .
I highly recommend Gardner 's book : 5/5 .
By the way , in Canada , the number of children under the age of fourteen that were abducted during the years 2000 and 2001 by someone other than a parent was exactly one .
That 's an annual risk rate of 1 in 5.8 million .
And yet you can bet junior is n't allowed to go out to the park to play hide - and - seek alone with his friends .
Imagine what he 's going to teach his kids .
This lady had a great sense of humour and always used to say that when she passed away she wanted a parking meter on her grave that says ' Expired ' .
So her nephew got her one on ebay !
My life needs editing .
- Mort Sahi
Khaki :
A thing for starting a car - Daffynitions joe - ks.com
Sympathy is the charm of human life .
- Grace Aguilar
Growth is the only evidence of life .
- John Henry Newman
Believe in the holy contour of life .
- Jack Kerouac
Problems are the normal state of life .
- Charlie Jones
An unexamined life is not worth living .
- Socrates
Attitude determines the altitude of life .
- Edwin L Cole
Spring adds new life and new joy to all that is .
- Jessica Harrelson
A life without love is like a year without summer .
- Swedish Proverb
If your life is burning well , poetry is just the ash .
- Leonard Cohen
Every next level of your life will demand a different you .
- Unknown
The problems of puzzles are very near the problems of life .
- Erno Rubik
All of our technology is completely unnecessary to a happy life .
- Tom Hodgkinson
I always had a fantasy of being a chef , because I like kitchen life .
- Geoffrey Rush
Life is a succession of lessons which must be lived to be understood .
- Ralph Waldo Emerson
When life gives you Limes rearrange the letters until they say Smile .
- joe -kster
People come and go in your life , but the right ones will always stay .
- Unknown
Is life worth living ?
This is a question for an embryo , not for a man .
- Samuel Butler
Life does n't require that we be the best , only that we try our best .
- H. Jackson Brown Jr.
One should absorb the color of life , but one should never remember its details .
- Oscar Wilde
If I had to do my life over , I would change every single thing that I have done .
- Ray Davies
Life is a marathon , not a sprint .
It 's about taking a bigger - picture approach .
- Ivanka Trump
All my life I 've looked at words as though I were seeing them for the first time .
- Ernest Hemingway
Reason is not time only interpreter of life .
The fountain of action is in time feelings .
- Henry T. Tuckerman
Do n't let life discourage you ; everyone who got where he is had to begin where he was .
- Richard L. Evans
Life , if you 're fat , is a minefield - you have to pick your way , otherwise you blow up .
- Miriam Margolyes
You have enemies ?
Good .
That means you 've stood up for something , sometime in your life .
- Winston Churchill
Somehow , throughout much of life , being old seems to be something that happens to other people .
- Maggie Scarf
If a man aspires towards a righteous life , his first act of abstinence is from injury to animals .
- Leo Tolstoy
Adjustments are necessary along the way because life is n't always rosy , but it is always worth living .
- Nick Vujicic
When you finally accept that you 're a complete dork , your life gets easier .
No sense in trying to be cool .
- Reese Witherspoon
The trouble with not having a goal is that you can spend your life running up and down the field and never score .
- Bill Copeland
Humor has been the balm of my life , but it 's been reserved for those close to me , not part of the public Lana .
- Lana Turner
Choosing to be positive and having a grateful attitude is going to determine how you 're going to live your life .
- Joel Osteen
Except for a few guitar chords , everything I 've learned in my life that is of any value I 've learned from women .
- Glenn Frey
To do the useful thing , to say the courageous thing , to contemplate the beautiful thing : that is enough for one man 's life .
- T S Eliot
Now that women are jockeys , baseball umpires , atomic scientists , and business executives , maybe someday they can master parallel parking .
- Bill Vaughan
The loneliest moment in life is when you have just experienced that which you thought would deliver the ultimate , and it has let you down .
- Ravi Zacharias
When you get older , you know that life 's mysteries are revealed in the fullness of time .
All you have to do is wait , watch , and be amazed .
- Linda Gray
Exercise may ward off Alzheimer 's and slow down its progression Being physically fit could hold back the advance of Alzheimer 's disease , US researchers have suggested .
Their study , published in the journal Neurology , looked at 121 people aged over 60 , around half of them in the early stages of the disease .
Those with Alzheimer 's who were less fit had four times more signs of brain shrinkage than those who were fit .
The Alzheimer 's Research Trust said other research showed exercise reduced the risk of dementia .
People with early Alzheimer 's disease may be able to preserve their brain function for a longer period of time by exercising regularly
Dr Jeffrey Burns
University of Kansas School of Medicine Some 700,000 people in the UK are living with dementia , with this number predicted to grow quickly over the next two decades , as the proportion of older people in the population increases .
Other studies looking at the relationship between dementia and exercise tend to focus on whether being active can reduce the risk of the condition developing in the first place .
Dr Jeffrey Burns , from the University of Kansas School of Medicine , said his was one of the first to look at whether exercise could affect the progress of the illness .
His volunteers underwent a treadmill test to see how fit they were and then their brains were scanned for shrinkage , which is one way of measuring the severity of their Alzheimer's .
Brain volume
While there was no relationship between brain size and exercise in people tested who did not have Alzheimer 's , Dr Burns said the four - fold difference in those who did was evidence that exercise might help .
He said : " People with early Alzheimer 's disease may be able to preserve their brain function for a longer period of time by exercising regularly and potentially reducing the amount of brain volume lost .
" Evidence shows decreasing brain volume is tied to poorer cognitive performance , so preserving more brain volume may translate into better cognitive performance . "
Susanne Sorensen , head of research at the Alzheimer 's Society , said : " Exercise increases blood flow to the brain , delivering oxygen and nutrients to brain cells .
" This is one possible explanation why dementia progresses slower in people who are physically fit .
" Exercise also reduces your risk of developing dementia so it 's important to take regular exercise .
A healthy heart means a healthy brain . "
Rebecca Wood , chief executive of the Alzheimer 's Research Trust , said : " This adds to previous research showing that exercise helps reduce the risk of dementia and slows down its onset .
" A balanced diet and regular exercise can improve the quality of life of older people with dementia , as well as those who do not have the condition . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
SOUTH HAVEN , Mich . 
Early last month , Jeanne Fair , 62 , got her first hot meals delivered to her home in this lake town in the sparsely populated southwestern part of the state .
Then after two deliveries the meals stopped because gas prices had made the delivery too expensive .
“ They called and said I was outside of the delivery area , ” said Mrs. Fair , who is homebound and has not been able to use her left arm since a stroke in 1997 .
Faced with soaring gasoline prices , agencies around the country that provide services to the elderly say they are having to cut back on programs like Meals on Wheels , transportation assistance and home care , especially in rural areas that depend on volunteers who provide their own gas .
In a recent survey by the National Association of Area Agencies on Aging , more than half said they had already cut back on programs because of gas costs , and 90 percent said they expected to make cuts in the 2009 fiscal year .
“ I ’ve never seen the increase in need at this level , ” said Robert McFalls , chief executive of the Area Agency on Aging in Palm Beach , Fla. , whose office has a waiting list of 1,500 people .
Volunteers who deliver meals or drive the elderly to medical appointments have cut back their miles , Mr. McFalls said .
Perl Programming
Though Perl was originally designed for text editing , its adaptability makes it a powerful tool for a wide range of purposes .
Learn how to write Perl scripts for text manipulation , CGI , and other utilities .
The Antikythera Mechanism is a two - thousand year - old clock made in Greece that was discovered a century ago in a shipwreck .
Two years ago , scientists studying the bits and pieces that survived under the sea were able to figure out that the device was used to calculate astronomical cycles .
Now though , British mathematician Tony Freeth , part of the original research group , has determined that the Antikythera Mechanism also shows the timetables of the Olympic Games .
Freeth and his colleagues published their findings in this week 's issue of the science journal Nature .
The magazine also posted a fascinating video telling the clock 's story .
It 's a marvelous tale of technology , history , and curiosity .
From Nature
News :
The device had intermeshed toothed wheels that represent calendar cycles .
By turning the wheels , a user could figure out the relationships between astronomical cycles to deduce the relative positions of the Sun and Moon and forecast eclipses .
But after two millennia under the sea off the island of Antikythera , near Crete , all that remains of the device are 82 fragments of flaking bronze , including parts of 30 gear - wheels2 .
The numbers of gear teeth are crucial , but must be inferred from the partial wheels that remain .
And most of the inscriptions are hidden under corrosion and surface accretions .
To read them , the researchers used a method called microfocus X - ray computed tomography , which provides X - ray images of slices through the sample , revealing inscriptions buried beneath the mechanism 's surface .
( LifeWire ) --
As Walter Christensen , a 53 - year - old physics professor from Pomona , California , discovered , when it comes to cuddling , women know what they want .
When he and his lover spend the night together , he 's usually awoken around 3 a.m. with a familiar request .
" She calls out , ' Spoon , spoon ! ' " he says .
He willingly obliges with front - to - back cuddling -- even though he admits he probably would n't do so without being asked .
" I like the feeling of her wanting to do that , " he says , " so I do it out of a sense of responsibility . "
His lover , 32 - year - old art - history scholar Natalie Valle , appreciates the attention .
While the differences between the sexes drive some couples to distraction , being aware of them enhances relationships , as Christensen and Valle can attest .
Is there hope for the rest of us ?
Researchers have found that science can be used to explain a lot of behavior that widens the gender gap , and in so doing may help couples understand each other better .
Watch Headlines ' Robin Meade read your e-mails on opposite sex »
1. Women want to cuddle
What you think :
Women love to cuddle after sex , whereas men just want to fall asleep .
What the experts say : " During sexual intercourse , oxytocin is released in both men and women , and that encourages bonding within the couple , " says Dr. Marianne J. Legato , founder of the Partnership for Gender - Specific Medicine at Columbia University and author of " Why Men Never Remember and Women Never Forget . "
Oxytocin is a hormone often associated with love because its levels increase during intimate acts like hugging , kissing and intercourse .
However , " testosterone neutralizes the effect of oxytocin , so men are less likely to want to prolong contact after orgasm . "
2 . Men hate shopping
What you think :
Men hate to go shopping with their mate because they think it 's a waste of time .
What the experts say : Men do enjoy shopping when they get to " hunt " for a specific item , whereas women enjoy " grazing " for items .
This goes back to our hunting and gathering days , when losing focus could mean losing the week 's meal .
" Men are much more task - oriented , " says Robert Schwarz , a psychologist and director of the Mars and Venus Counseling and Wellness Center in Haverford , Pennsylvania .
" They hunt it , they kill it , they buy it and they go out . "
In the aptly titled 2007 study " Men Buy , Women Shop , " University of Pennsylvania researchers found that factors having to do with speed and convenience were the most important for men .
Of the 1,250 male and female shoppers surveyed by phone , finding parking near the store or mall entrance was the No. 1 problem men said they encountered when shopping ( 29 percent of respondents ) , whereas women cited " lack of help " as their chief complaint ( also 29 percent ) .
3 . Women make mountains out of molehills
What you think : Women obsess about every little thing ; men seem to have it all under control .
What the experts say : Men are problem - solvers and tend to bring up a problem only in order to search for its solution , says Schwarz .
The " eureka " moment of problem - solving increases the level of dopamine , a pleasure - inducing chemical , in the brain .
( This also explains why men will wait until it 's absolutely necessary to stop and ask for directions . )
Women relieve stress by talking and relating their problems to others , which produces serotonin , said to enhance moods and ward off depression .
4 . Men are impervious to cold
What you think :
Men are content to freeze , while women always want to turn up the thermostat .
What the experts say : According to the Mayo Clinic , women are more sensitive to cold than men are , but not because they like to feel warm and cozy .
Because women on average are smaller than men , their metabolic rate tends to be lower .
This means their bodies generate less heat .
They also tend to have less fat , which acts as insulation , on their upper bodies and around their waists , as well as less muscle mass , which also helps keep the body warm .
5. Women Love ' chick flicks '
What you think : Women prefer romantic movies ( aka " chick flicks " ) while men like action and adventure .
What the experts say : Women may like romantic movies better than men , but in a 2007 study at Kansas State University , men rated romantic movies " higher than most people would have guessed , " says psychology professor Richard Harris , who led the survey of 265 Kansas State students .
On a scale of 1 to 7 , men gave the movies a 4.8 , while women rated them a 6 .
However , " we found that when seeing the film on a date ... if one party makes the decision , then they stay true to those stereotypes , with guys choosing to go to a violent film and women choosing a romantic film , " Harris told the Reuters news agency in January .
Jose Ferraro can relate .
He spent New Year 's Day at the theater , dozing through the romantic drama " Atonement " with his wife , Kyle .
" She tricked me into going , " says the 44 - year - old engineer from Yorba Linda , California .
His wife , Kyle , a 49 - year - old fitness instructor , fesses up : " I said there was some fighting in it , " she admits .
LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to Web publishers .
Joy Hepp is a freelance journalist from Los Angeles .
She writes about relationships , travel , culture and environmental issues for various online and print publications .
All About Marriage
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
When Attorney General Alberto Gonzales held a press conference in the summer of 2006 announcing the arrests of seven young men for plotting to bomb Chicago ’s Sears Tower , he sounded defensive , his voice lingering a beat on each thing the men allegedly did .
“ Individuals here in America made plans to hurt Americans , ” he claimed .
“ They did request materials ; they did request equipment ; they did request funding . ”
Gonzales admitted that the American and Haitian - born men posed “ no immediate threat . ”
But , he warned , “ homegrown terrorists may prove to be as dangerous as groups like Al Qaeda .
Our philosophy here is that we try to identify plots in the earliest stages possible , because we do n’t know what we do n’t know about a terrorism plot . ”
It ’s dangerous , Gonzales added , to make a “ case by case ” evaluation that “ well , ‘ this is a really dangerous group ’ ; ‘ this is not a really dangerous group . ' ”
From the beginning , the allegations seemed bizarre .
Allegedly led by Narseal Batiste , an underemployed construction worker , the plotters were an oddball group who dubbed themselves Seas of David .
Preaching an eclectic mix of Christianity , Judaism , and Islam , the seven men were known around their neighborhood of Liberty City , Miami , for practicing martial arts and wearing Stars of David .
Mostly unemployed and with few resources , they seemed an unlikely bunch to blow up a landmark 1,200 miles away .
The more details that emerged about the case , the fishier it looked .
The charges had come about because of a 23 - year - old Yemeni clerk named Abbas al - Saidi , who ’d been a police informant since he was 16 .
The fbi helped bail him out when he was in jail facing charges of assaulting his girlfriend .
A year later , Saidi returned the favor , telling the feds he ’d met a young man — Narseal Batiste — who boasted of wanting to create an Islamic state in America .
The fbi hired Saidi to cozy up to Batiste and his followers , and sent in another informant ( also charged with domestic abuse ) , Elie Assad , to pose as an Al Qaeda financier named “ Mohammed . ”
Nearly everything Gonzales said the plotters “ did ” happened at the urging of the two informants , who reportedly earned about $ 120,000 from the feds for their help .
( Assad , originally from Lebanon , was also granted political asylum . )
After Assad boasted of his Al Qaeda connections , Batiste talked of wanting to play a part , but only if Assad helped him first .
Batiste gave the fake financier a long list of desired equipment , including “ boots — knee high .
Automatic hand pistols .
Black security uniforms .
Squad cars . suv truck — black color . ”
( Not on the wish list : explosives . )
Batiste also said he wanted $ 50,000 , explaining in one taped conversation , “ I ’m exhausted financially .
We have nothing . ”
Batiste ’s lawyers would later argue that his promises of jihad were merely an attempt to scam “ Mohammed ” out of the money .
A few of the Seas of David men did recon the fbi field office in Miami .
But the mission had been conceived by Assad , the van and a digital camera both provided by Assad — that is , the fbi .
When Assad failed to deliver the cash and with the Seas of David growing increasingly skeptical about his claims , he tried to assuage them by swearing them into Al Qaeda , which he did — in a warehouse rented and wired for video by the fbi .
The oath became the government ’s piéce de rèsistance .
Charging the men with multiple counts of attempting to provide material support and secondary charges of conspiracy — which could bring them each 70 years in prison — prosecutors began their closing statements by playing the tape of the Seas of David swearing allegiance to Al Qaeda .
When the video ended , Jacqueline Arango , an assistant United States attorney , told the jury , “ Ladies and gentlemen , that is material support . ”
After deliberating for nine days last December , the jury acquitted one man who ’d separated himself from the group and moved to Atlanta .
But it deadlocked on the others , and a mistrial was declared .
A new trial is scheduled for this spring .
Until then the six men are in prison , and they and their lawyers are under a gag order .
( The same applies to the acquitted man , Lyglenson Lemorin , who ’s in detention awaiting possible deportation to Haiti even though he ’s lived here legally for nearly 20 years .
Citing privacy laws , the government will not explain why he is being kicked out . )
“ I think it may hang again , ” juror Delorise Thompkins told the Miami Herald .
“ You ’re going to find someone always afraid of terrorist groups , but then when you see the evidence , there ’s not a lot there — no plans , no papers , no pictures , no nothing connecting them to Osama bin Laden . ”
The jury ’s ambivalence is understandable .
The plots were little more than talk encouraged by informants ; the central evidence in the case — the taped oath — was a staged fbi production .
But then , whether the men were a threat or the plot real does n’t matter when it comes to the charge of material support .
Material - support laws are not like other laws .
Central to what the Department of Justice has described as an approach of “ strategic overinclusiveness , ” they have underpinned many of the government ’s most controversial criminal terrorism cases , from the so - called Lackawanna Six — young men from upstate New York who trained at , and later fled from , a militant camp in Afghanistan — to José Padilla , the man once accused of being a “ dirty bomber . ”
Indeed , look at the heavily criticized “ foiled plot ” cases over the past few years — the ones with an informant at the center offering encouragement and often much more — and you ’ll find material support charges underlying nearly all of them .
Material - support statutes have been cited to deny thousands of immigrants — some on the run from actual terrorists ( see file of “ Kumar the Fisherman , ” above ) — entrance into the country and are offered by the Pentagon as justification for detaining hundreds of people at Guantanamo , many of whom have provided little more “ support ” than being , for example , conscripted to cook for the Taliban .
There ’s a reason material support has become such a popular charge , a reason it ’s central to many of the government ’s most questionable cases :
The laws are a prosecutor ’s dream .
They do n’t require evidence of a plot or even of a desire to help terrorists .
They give the government a shot at convictions traditional criminal laws could never provide .
“ The administration adopted the preventive paradigm , i.e . ‘ We ’ve got to stop people before they ’ve done something wrong , ' ” says David Cole , a Georgetown University law professor who ’s the author of several books about the effect of anti-terror laws on the justice system .
“ There ’s tremendous pressure to expand grounds of criminal activity , to prosecute people who might represent a threat .
The material - support provisions have been the principal vehicle for pushing that envelope . ”
The question is whether that approach has made us any safer .
“ The government does not understand how terrorist groups operate , ” says Michael German , a former counterterrorism agent at the fbi and now counsel for the aclu .
“ When I was undercover , there were plenty of people who may have been sympathetic to a group but were very clear they did n’t want to break the law or get involved in violence .
And we did n’t go after them . ”
Blurring that distinction by opening the door for prosecutions of people who do little more than express sympathies for a group , argues German , “ that ’s where the material - support provisions go off the rails .
The terrorist ’s goal is to convince everybody he identifies as his community that they are being oppressed .
And when the government ’s response tends to create injustice , the government ’s fulfilling that prophecy . ”
The core concept behind the criminal material - support laws — there are two — seems , at first glance , to be straightforward .
The first law , passed in 1994 after the first World Trade Center bombing , bans almost any support of terrorist activity .
The second law , passed in 1996 in the wake of the Oklahoma City bombing , criminalizes knowingly giving support , financial or otherwise , to groups designated as foreign terrorist organizations , even if the money is supposedly earmarked to support peaceful activities — say , a hospital for Hamas .
Think of the laws as “ aiding and abetting ” — only on steroids .
It has always been illegal to support criminal activity .
If a man drives a getaway car for bank robbers , then he can be charged for the robbery , too .
Prosecutors have simply had to show that there was an intent to further the crime and some meaningful connection between the help and the crime itself .
What the material - support laws did was roll back those requirements .
A taxi driver hired for a short drive by a Hezbollah politician — a driver who had no intention of engaging in terrorist activity — would , so long as he knew the politician was with Hezbollah , be guilty of providing material support .
That ’s because the laws that define “ material support ” contain a long list of often nebulous activities , such as providing “ property , tangible or intangible ” or “ service , ” and are applied whether or not those activities truly helped advance the cause of a terrorist group , and regardless of the suspect ’s intentions .
The laws make little distinction between the taxi driver and , say , an arms merchant who sells detonators to Hezbollah .
The Patriot Act extended the concept further , making it illegal to attempt or conspire to provide material support .
Before , prosecutors had to prove you gave support .
Now they just have to show you wanted to .
That change , along with other newly exploited vagueness in the existing material - support laws , opened up a whole new path for prosecutors .
In the Padilla case and others , the government has argued successfully that a suspect is guilty of attempting to provide material support even if the plot he allegedly supported was purely a government concoction or , just as curious , even if the government had n’t said what group or plot the accused might have been supporting .
Prosecutors have only had to show that the accused expressed interest in helping — as the government puts it — the “ global jihad movement . ”
“ Under our system you have to show a defendant has done something specific , ” says Peter Margulies , a national security scholar at Roger Williams law school in Rhode Island .
“ These charges are really a departure from the usual way of our doing justice . ”
That departure increases the chance of a screwup .
“ Fear — a not unreasonable one — of catastrophic harm ” provides a great deal of incentive to bring charges against those you suspect might harbor ill will to the United States , says Margulies .
“ But political violence is a low - incident crime .
There just are n’t a lot of people making a living as terrorists .
When you have a real imbalance like that and you put that together with vague charges , it ’s a recipe for mistakes .
You have to really worry about false positives , about getting things wrong . ”
The idea for the material - support laws first came in the early 1980s , when , after the bombing of the Marine barracks in Beirut and a string of high - profile kidnappings of Americans abroad , the Reagan administration decided that U.S. law was n’t up to the task of prosecuting people who supported terrorists .
Presidents have long had the power to impose embargoes against countries .
Should n’t they be able to do the same against terrorist groups ?
Following this logic , the White House proposed to criminalize any training , support , or services to any foreign group designated a national security threat by the secretary of state .
The sweeping proposal , which envisioned essentially no oversight , was denounced by both the left and right .
A Washington Post editorial opined that the legislation might be used against the anti-communist Contras in Nicaragua .
“ Use your imagination , ” it warned .
If “ a President Mondale were to appoint a Jesse Jackson secretary of state , is it not possible that the Nicaraguan rebels might be designated terrorists ? ”
Congress enacted the first material - support law — limited to immigration issues — in 1990 .
It allowed the government to bar any aliens who supported a “ terrorist organization ” or “ activity . ”
Both terms were ill defined , and the first time they were tested , on the L.A .
Eight , led to one of the most tortured cases to ever wind its way through the legal system ( see their file , above ) .
It took the 1993 World Trade Center bombing for Congress to put the material - support concept into the federal criminal code .
Michael Kraft , a recently retired State Department counterterrorism official , helped draft the law .
“ The reason for the laws overall was that there was n’t a good way to intercede on fundraising for nonstate actors , ” he says .
“ Part of the effort was also to create a deterrence effect .
There was a feeling that there was a romanticization of terrorism .
European intellectuals occasionally celebrated Red Brigades and Palestinian terrorism .
So there was an effort to stigmatize the crime . ”
The law targeted any support of terrorist activity .
But sending money to the ira for an orphanage , for example , would n’t be illegal .
And to law enforcement , that meant the law did n’t go far enough .
“ Every once in a while we ’d see a note on a check saying ‘ Mujahideen , ' ” jokes Jeff Breinholt , who heads the Department of Justice ’s terrorist financing unit .
“ But usually they did n’t do that . ”
So in early 1995 the Clinton administration introduced a bill banning the donation of any money , no matter its purpose , to groups designated as foreign terrorist organizations .
The idea makes some sense : Should you be allowed to give to the Tamil Tigers ’ social - services arm ?
Even if you could be sure the money was going only to build a school , it frees up money for the Sri Lankan guerrilla group to spend elsewhere .
Two months later , when Timothy McVeigh blew up the Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City , Congress not only embraced Clinton ’s proposal , it greatly expanded it .
Apart from an exemption for “ medicine and religious materials , ” the new law , part of the 1996 Antiterrorism and Effective Death Penalty Act , criminalized all knowing support to terrorist - designated organizations — whatever the purpose of that support might be .
From the beginning , civil libertarians criticized the statute ’s potential for overreach .
And federal courts have since ruled that some types of banned support are too vaguely defined — rulings that have largely stemmed from a suit in which a human rights organization sued to teach humanitarian law to a Kurdish group designated as a terrorist organization .
( The Supreme Court has yet to weigh in . )
In an even more farcical case , brought in 2006 , a small - time satellite TV operator in Brooklyn allegedly offered to sell a government informant a satellite dish with access to al - Manar , better known as Hezbollah TV .
In turn , the government charged the man , Javed Iqbal , with multiple counts of material support and announced he could face up to 110 years in prison .
( The trial is set for June . )
And while most Americans would agree that Hezbollah is a terrorist organization , the process for designating groups as such has also drawn scrutiny .
The State Department currently lists 42 groups as foreign terrorist organizations .
Defendants can’t challenge these designations ( though the groups themselves can ) , and while federal judges can overrule the designations , the standards for doing so are high .
Federal appeals court Judge Alex Kozinski , a prominent conservative jurist , recently railed against the “ patent unconstitutionality ” of a process that envisions jail time “ for giving money to an organization that no one other than some obscure mandarin in the bowels of the State Department had determined to be a terrorist organization . ”
While criticism aimed at material - support laws has mostly focused on the scope of the 1996 law regarding providing financial support to groups , the Bush administration has quietly developed an alternate tactic : supercharging the 1994 terrorist activity provision .
This new interpretation , writes Robert Chesney , a professor at Wake Forest law school and a leading scholar on material support , “ has quietly emerged as perhaps the single most important charge in post - 9/11 terrorism prosecutions . ”
What the administration realized is that the 1994 law could be interpreted to criminalize support of a terrorist conspiracy even when the conspiracy consists not of a concrete plot but rather of , as prosecutors have put it , the “ worldwide jihadist movement . ”
“ You do n’t even need to establish ‘ conspiracy ’ as we commonly understand it , because you do n’t have to prove an agreement with anyone , ” notes William Banks , director of Syracuse University ’s Institute for National Security and Counterterrorism .
The Patriot Act further juiced the law , making it illegal just to try to give support .
At its most attenuated , you can be guilty of attempting or conspiring to provide personnel ( i.e. , yourself ) for the preparation of a conspiracy that may or may not exist .
“ It is possible to indict someone even where the government is entirely unclear as to just what the person may be planning to do , ” says Chesney .
“ If it sounds quite broad , it should . ”
“ I ’m not sure if a memo went around to U.S. attorneys or what , but they ’ve all been seizing on 2339A , ” adds Chesney , referring to the section number of the 1994 material - support statute .
Actually , one did .
In the summer of 2003 , an internal Department of Justice bulletin recommended just such an approach , telling U.S. attorneys that the DOJ “ can work with you on this theory and offer sample indictment language . ”
The newsletter was written by Jeff Breinholt from the DOJ ’s terrorist financing unit .
Asked about criticism that the approach is too sweeping , Breinholt says , “ Because the object of what you ’re trying to do is far worse ” — that is , terrorism — ” it ’s appropriate to have a standard that ’s lower than ‘ aiding and abetting . ' ”
But how low is too low ?
Consider the case of a young Pakistani American man named Hamid Hayat from Lodi , California .
Hayat was convicted in 2006 of material support even though the government never alleged he was involved in a plot and it never specified which terrorist group he allegedly sought to help .
Instead prosecutors focused on what they called Hayat ’s “ jihadi mind ” and his confession — which came after an all - night interrogation and was soon recanted — that he had attended a “ jihadist ” training camp .
Despite qualms from some jurors — one later disavowed her vote , claiming other jurors had pressured her —
Hayat was found guilty and sentenced to 24 years in prison ( see file above ) .
“ If at the end of the day what the government could prove is that Hamid harbored generally ill feelings and got training from some unidentified group , ” says Chesney , “ then the idea that that constitutes a criminal conspiracy is troubling . ”
Chesney , a highly regarded and cautious scholar , expresses a wary ambivalence about the law .
“ It ’s not entirely clear to me that it ’s the wrong approach , ” he says .
If the laws get gutted , there could be “ pressure to move toward the military approach or cia renditions .
Even for liberals , there ’s an incentive to go with the lesser of two evils . ”
And if the greater evil is rejected by the next administration ( willingly or at the courts ’ insistence ) , that could , paradoxically , mean an embrace of this problematic legal framework that the Bush administration has set up to fight terrorism .
In that case , experts propose reform that could go a long way to making the laws more just , including more carefully calibrated definitions of what constitutes support or a conspiracy , and , one of Chesney ’s ideas , graduated penalties based on intent .
Whether or not such changes would be remedy enough , it is clear that , as currently interpreted , the material - support laws undermine our standards of justice .
That ’s not only a problem for those caught in the government ’s wide net .
It ’s a problem for all of us .
There has been much debate in this campaign about which of our enemies the next U.S. president should deign to talk to .
The real story , the next president may discover , though , is how few countries are waiting around for us to call .
It is hard to remember a time when more shifts in the global balance of power are happening at once  with so few in America ’s favor .
Let ’s start with the most profound one : More and more , I am convinced that the big foreign policy failure that will be pinned on this administration is not the failure to make Iraq work , as devastating as that has been .
It will be one with much broader balance - of - power implications  the failure after 9/11 to put in place an effective energy policy .
It baffles me that President Bush would rather go to Saudi Arabia twice in four months and beg the Saudi king for an oil price break than ask the American people to drive 55 miles an hour , buy more fuel - efficient cars or accept a carbon tax or gasoline tax that might actually help free us from what he called our “ addiction to oil . ”
The failure of Mr. Bush to fully mobilize the most powerful innovation engine in the world  the U.S. economy  to produce a scalable alternative to oil has helped to fuel the rise of a collection of petro-authoritarian states  from Russia to Venezuela to Iran  that are reshaping global politics in their own image .
One of the biggest revelations at WWDC was quietly unveiled in a session on Friday morning entitled " Building Native Look - and - Feel Web Applications Using SproutCore . "
While Apple maintained high security during the entire NDA - sealed WWDC session , the secret of SproutCore is out because it is an open source project and people can't stop talking about it .
As Apple 's public schedule for WWDC explained , " SproutCore is an open source , platform - independent , Cocoa - inspired JavaScript framework for creating web applications that look and feel like Desktop applications .
Learn how to combine SproutCore with HTML5 's standard offline data storage technologies to deliver a first - class user experience and exceptional performance in your web application . "
The secrets of SproutCore first tumbled out of the bag last fall , when it was revealed that .
Mac Web Gallery had been built using the framework .
Originally developed by Charles Jolley of SproutIt for use in his online email manager named Mailroom , the SproutCore framework goes beyond other JavaScript frameworks because it is designed to build entire rich applications on the web rather than just adding some animation or sizzle to web pages .
Open Help for JavaScript .
JavaScript is a powerful language that , thanks to its bundling with all modern web browsers , is very widely deployed .
However , there is a paucity of strong tools for building anything more than basic scripts to kick off web animations and other dynamic behaviors .
That has opened the door for proprietary tools such as Adobe Flash , which is built around ActionScript , which is itself based upon JavaScript .
As outlined in the series Flash Wars : Adobe in the History and Future of Flash , Flash provides a large framework on top to handle things that are n't easy to do in JavaScript itself , but that also requires distributing a Flash plugin runtime .
Web applications coded in Flash are no longer interpreted in the web browser itself , but in Adobe 's plugin .
That makes developers dependent upon Adobe , and also leaves platform vendors such as Apple reliant upon Adobe to provide suitable runtime plugins for their products .
Adobe 's Flash plugin for the Mac has long been a second class citizen because Adobe has focused on its Windows version ; Steve Jobs also stated that Adobe did n't offer a mobile runtime appropriate for the iPhone , only a Flash Lite version that was n't capable of running existing desktop Flash content and a desktop version that was n't suited to run on a mobile device , as described in Steve Jobs pans Flash on the iPhone .
In place of using Flash on its own website , Apple has been working with a number of open scripting frameworks such as Prototype and Script.aculo.us , which mentions Apple on the front page of its website as a high profile user .
Those frameworks offer prebuilt code that has been polished to work on all browsers , making it easier for the developer to concentrate on what their web page should be doing rather than repeatedly reinventing the wheel for various low level functions .
In that respect , open JavaScript frameworks can replace Flash without requiring any secondary plugin runtime because they are simply open JavaScript that runs in the browser directly .
Introducing SproutCore
Jolley 's SproutIt decided to move past common scripting frameworks to develop an entire application development stack based on the Model View Controller architecture .
In MVC development , Model data and user interface Views are tied together by discrete Controller logic .
This is in contrast to typical web development tools that mix logic , data , and presentation together , resulting in code that is messy and difficult to maintain .
As explained on the developer 's website , " SproutCore is a framework for building applications in JavaScript with remarkably little amounts of code .
It can help you build full ' thick ' client applications in the web browser that can create and modify data , often completely independent of your web server , communicating with your server via Ajax only when they need to save or load data .
JavaScript applications are faster , easier to use , and a lot easier to write than complicated Ajax - driven applications .
When you use a framework like SproutCore to help you , they can also be a lot of fun to write . "
SproutCore pushes more of the application into the browser itself , resulting in the " thick client " designation .
That enables a more responsive , full featured experience that feels and behaves more like a desktop app because it is actually running on the local computer rather than waiting for responses from a remote server .
The capacity to do this is actually quite new ; rapid advances in web browsers over the last year have finally made thick client JavaScript applications practical .
Cocoa for the Web
Apple did n't just use SproutCore , it also contributed major performance updates and added lots of new functionality .
Apple 's contributions have helped make SproutCore the ideal way to build web applications that work like desktop Cocoa apps , as noted in the article Cocoa for Windows + Flash Killer = SproutCore .
Both share a lot of the same conventions such as the use of bindings .
SproutCore 's bindings allow developers to write JavaScript that automatically runs any time a property value changes .
Using bindings , very complex applications with highly consistent behavior can be created with very little âglueâ code .
Apple has also been working on the other side of the client equation to improve its own JavaScript engine in Safari .
Announced just prior to WWDC , WebKit 's new SquirrelFish JavaScript interpreter will dramatically boost the performance of JavaScript applications like those built in SproutCore .
Those two factors combine to make SproutCore the natural heir to the Yellow Box or Cocoa for Windows , which has been bandied about as a possibility ever since Apple moved away from its cross platform Rhapsody strategy to develop Mac OS X ten years ago .
Rather than requiring a Cocoa runtime however , users will only need a web browser with JavaScript support , including Safari , Mobile Safari on the iPhone , FireFox , or Internet Explorer 6/7 .
Using SproutCore enabled Apple to deliver a new suite of online apps in MobileMe for a cross platform audience .
The natural next step will be to expand those offerings to include others , for example , iWork productivity apps .
Because SproutCore is offered under the open source MIT license , anyone can use it to develop their own highly responsive web apps .
It also seems likely that Apple will at some point invite third parties to deliver MobileMe applications , either included as part of the subscription service , or with their own nominal fee .
That would mirror the company 's efforts in creating a mobile software market in the Phone Apps Store .
Until then , Apple is focusing MobileMe as a push messaging alternative to Exchange " for the rest of us , " while also leveraging push support in iPhone 2.0 and in the upcoming Mac OS X Snow Leopard client apps to deliver an Exchange Server replacement in Snow Leopard Server .
Going back to the drawing board can seem like an exercise in frustration .
But people working to restore Florida ’s legendary Everglades – by many accounts one of the most ambitious ecological overhauls ever attempted – are headed to the drafting table with extra spring in their steps .
Last week , the US Sugar Corp. and the state of Florida announced that they had agreed to a statement of principles that would shut down the sugar company ’s operation .
In exchange , the state will buy the company ’s nearly 188,000 acres of land , as well as its equipment , rail lines , and sugar mills .
Negotiations over the $ 1.75 billion sale are expected to conclude by September .
US Sugar ’s holdings cradle much of the eastern and southern shores of Lake Okeechobee and are expected to play an important role in the restoration project .
“ I ’ve been working on Everglades restoration for a lot of years ; this is really a quantum leap forward , ” says Kimberly Taplin , the senior US Army Corps of Engineers official working with the South Florida Water Management District on the project .
“ The opportunities and possibilities this opens up for us are huge . ”
( Editor ’s note :
The following paragraph did not appear in earlier versions of this story . )
“ This is not a silver bullet , ” cautions Jeff Danter , who
heads The Nature Conservancy ’s Florida headquarters .
Given the history of human intervention , Everglades restoration will be a long hard slog , he says .
And the land deal itself leaves “ a lot of details to work out , and there will be battles over those details . ”
These include likely land swaps
with another sugar company , Florida Crystal , as well as efforts to clean up US Sugar ’s land – especially any phosphates ( fertilizer ) or pesticides in the soil .
Still , he agrees that the deal represents a remarkable opportunity to inject new life into the Everglades restoration effort .
Over its 5,000 - year history , the Ever­glades has come to represent an enormous natural freshwater holding tank for southern Florida , as well as a biologically rich mosaic of fresh - and saltwater ecosystems .
Once spanning some 3 million acres , the vast peatland – with its saw - grass plains , tree islands , wet prairies , and ponds – is now about half its original size .
Nearly 70 of its plant and animal species are listed as endangered .
Farming and flood control have drastically changed the way water flows – critical to the area ’s unique characteristics .
And the water is spiked with pollutants from farming and southern Florida ’s rapid growth .
For a decade , federal , state , and regional agencies have worked to implement a 30 - year program aimed at restoring more natural water flows to the area .
And while a handful of individual projects – themselves works in progress – show promising results , the program has lost momentum , some analysts say .
Among the hang - ups :
The federal government has not lived up to its funding commitments .
Meanwhile , the price tag has risen from a projected $ 8 billion in 1999 to an estimated $ 10.9 billion ( in 2004 dollars ) .
Little wonder , then , that last week ’s announcement struck like a fresh gust of wind hitting limp sails .
This is n’t the first time the idea of a major land purchase has come up , notes Curtis Richardson , a Duke University ecologist who has spent 15 years working in the Everglades .
Even with a successful sale , US Sugar gets another six years to shut down its operations in an orderly manner .
Still , he adds , a successful sale would “ turn the current plans upside down . ”
The Everglades ’s original plumbing was fairly simple .
During the rainy season , water inched its way into Lake Okeechobee from the north through the Kissimmee River Valley .
The lake – a relatively shallow , saucerlike depression – would overflow into the Everglades to the south .
The slight tilt of the landscape – losing only about an inch of elevation per mile as it slopes toward Florida Bay – ensured that the overflow would spread over wide swaths of land .
Combined with the vegetation ( including vast expanses of saw grass eight to 12 feet tall ) , the amount and timing of the water ’s arrival contributed a thick layer of peat beneath the area .
The peat acted like a sponge , soaking up water in the wet season and slowly releasing it during the dry season .
But in the past century , farmers and ranchers drained wetlands north of the lake and turned a meandering Kissimmee River into a virtual water chute .
Concerns about hurricanes and flooding prompted calls for flood - control structures .
The lake , now surrounded by a 30 - foot - high dike , is more an engineered flood - control reservoir than a way station for Everglades - bound water .
Its major outlets are the St. Lucie Canal and the Caloosahatchee River – both of which dump the water directly into the ocean .
And its waters are heavily polluted .
Given competing demands for Ever­glades water from farming , the densely populated coasts , and the Everglades itself , US Sugar ’s additional acreage provides “ an opportunity to redo the entire Everglades restoration program , ” says Jeff Danter , who heads up The Nature Conservancy ’s state office in Florida .
“ It ’s not necessarily to restore 187,000 acres of sawgrass , but it creates a lot more flexibility in the system to move water around to meet everybody ’s needs . ”
Some of the land ’s benefits are likely to be indirect , derived through land swaps with other sugar growers in the large agricultural zone south of Lake Okeechobee .
Still , planners can foresee fresh approaches to meeting water - flow and water - quality requirements .
For instance , original plans called for a 30,000 - acre storage reservoir at the southern end of the agricultural zone , miles from the lake .
Special protected marshlands set up to treat the water naturally would intercept the water along the way to the reservoir , says Ms. Taplin of the US Army Corps of Engineers .
Now , she can envision moving the storage facility much closer to the lake , and shifting the so - called special - treatment areas to the agricultural zone ’s border with the rest of the Everglades .
This new layout also could allow the program to avoid drilling 333 wells to store water in aquifers for later recovery – an energy - intensive approach that has never been tried on this scale and one that would have required heavy investments in water purification as well .
Yet for some , moving water around and regulating its flow still falls short of the area ’s ecological needs .
In some respects , Dr. Richardson says , restoration plans are chasing a poetic “ river of grass ” vision when the Everglades never were a river of grass , a swamp , or a marsh .
Peatlands – and their natural storage capacity – build up and thrive on extremes of water and fire .
“ Engineering has a tendency to take out the extremes , and ecological systems live on the extremes , ” he says .
“ The Everglades is a harsh environment that has a yin and a yang , ” he continues , “ and humans do n’t like those things .
There are some areas we can save , but it ’s going to be tough . ”
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
Home prices across 20 major U.S. cities have dropped a record 15.3 % in the past year and are now back to where they were in the summer of 2004 , according to the Case - Shiller home price index released Tuesday by Standard & Poor's .
Prices in the 20 cities are now down 17.8 % from the peak two years ago .
Prices were lower in April than they were a year earlier in all 20 of the major metropolitan areas as tracked by the Case - Shiller index .
“ ' There might be some regional pockets of improvement , but on an annual basis the overall numbers continue to decline . ' ” — David Blitzer , Standard & Poor's
Las Vegas , Miami and Phoenix saw the biggest declines , with prices falling by 25 % or more in the past year .
Prices in 10 cities have fallen by more than 10 % .
Home prices in Charlotte , N.C. , which was the last holdout to show gains , have now slipped 0.1 % in the past year .
Prices were down a record 16.3 % on a year - over - year basis in a smaller subset of 10 metropolitan areas that have been tracked over a longer period .
With so many homes on the market and foreclosures rising , prices are likely to keep falling , said Patrick Newport , an economist with Global Insight .
He foresees prices dropping a further 10 % .
Listen to the interview with Newport .
All the same , it 's worth noting that prices for April fell 1.4 % compared with March , the smallest monthly decline in seven months .
" It seems that at least the pace of decline has started to lose momentum , " wrote Harm Bandholz , an economist for UniCredit Markets , in a note to clients .
But other economists noted that the slower pace of decline in April could be due to the seasonal trend toward higher prices in the spring ; the monthly Case - Shiller data are not seasonally adjusted .
A separate index published Tuesday by the federal government showed a smaller 4.6 % annual decline .
The Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight index is based on a broader geographic reach , but it 's restricted to homes purchased by conforming loans and therefore does n't capture the gains in the hottest markets where subprime loans and jumbo mortgages once dominated and where foreclosures are surging and prices are plunging .
What goes up , comes down
Home prices surged in 2003 through 2006 , climbing by a cumulative 52 % , according to Case - Shiller .
Since then , however , the housing and credit bubbles have burst and homeowners have given up half of their gains from earlier in the decade .
Falling prices have eroded Americans ' wealth , cutting into their ability to borrow against the equity in their homes or refinance or sell for a profit .
Millions of Americans now owe more on their homes than they 're worth .
The falling home values could also trigger higher monthly payments for many homeowners with negative amortization loans .
But falling prices are likely a necessary ingredient if the housing market is to get growing again .
" We expect the 20 - city Case - Shiller composite to fall another 15 % to 20 % , to a bottom at the end of 2009 , translating to a peak - to - trough drop of 30 % to 35 % , " wrote Michelle Meyer , an economist for Lehman Bros .
The Case - Shiller index tracks sales of the same homes over time , so it 's not influenced by the mix of homes sold in a period .
Unlike the home price index from the OFHEO , the Case - Shiller gauge tracks homes with nonconforming loans , such as subprime loans or jumbo loans , which were common in the frothiest markets .
" There might be some regional pockets of improvement , but on an annual basis the overall numbers continue to decline , " says David Blitzer , chairman of the index committee at Standard & Poor's .
Home prices fell in 12 of 20 cities in April compared with March .
Prices have fallen in those 12 cities for eight consecutive months .
Here 's the city - by - city breakdown in the Case - Shiller index :
Las Vegas , down 26.8 % in the past year ; Miami , down 26.7 % ; Phoenix , down 25 % ; Los Angeles , down 23.1 % ; San Diego , down 22.4 % ; San Francisco , down 22.1 % ; Tampa , down 20.4 % ; Detroit , down 18 % ; Minneapolis , down 15.5 % ; Washington , down 14.8 % ; Chicago , down 9.3 % ; New York , down 8.4 % ; Atlanta , down 7.5 % ; Cleveland , down 6.8 % ; Boston , down 6.4 % ; Seattle , down 4.9 % ; Denver and Portland , both down 4.7 % ; Dallas , down 3.4 % ; and Charlotte , down 0.1 % .
In the OFHEO index , here 's the regional breakdown :
Pacific , down 15 % in the past year ; Mountain , down 4.9 % ; South Atlantic , down 4.8 % ; New England , down 4.6 % ; East North Central , down 3.8 % ; Middle Atlantic , down 3.3 % ; West North Central , down 2.4 % ; East South Central , up 0.1 % ; West South Central , up 1.9 % .
After accounting for 4.5 % inflation over the past year , real home prices are down in every region .
EVERYONE loves a booming market , and most booms happen on the back of technological change .
The world 's venture capitalists , having fed on the computing boom of the 1980s , the internet boom of the 1990s and the biotech and nanotech boomlets of the early 2000s , are now looking around for the next one .
They think they have found it : energy .
Many past booms have been energy - fed : coal - fired steam power , oil - fired internal - combustion engines , the rise of electricity , even the mass tourism of the jet era .
But the past few decades have been quiet on that front .
Coal has been cheap .
Natural gas has been cheap .
The 1970s aside , oil has been cheap .
The one real novelty , nuclear power , went spectacularly off the rails .
The pressure to innovate has been minimal .
In the space of a couple of years , all that has changed .
Oil is no longer cheap ; indeed , it has never been more expensive .
Moreover , there is growing concern that the supply of oil may soon peak as consumption continues to grow , known supplies run out and new reserves become harder to find .
The idea of growing what you put in the tank of your car , rather than sucking it out of a hole in the ground , no longer looks like economic madness .
Nor does the idea of throwing away the tank and plugging your car into an electric socket instead .
Much of the world 's oil is in the hands of governments who have little sympathy with the rich West .
When a former head of America 's Central Intelligence Agency allies himself with tree - hugging greens that his outfit would once have suspected of subversion , you know something is up .
Yet that is one tack James Woolsey is trying in order to reduce his country 's dependence on imported oil .
The price of natural gas , too , has risen in sympathy with oil .
That is putting up the cost of electricity .
Wind - and solar - powered alternatives no longer look so costly by comparison .
It is true that coal remains cheap , and is the favoured fuel for power stations in industrialising Asia .
But the rich world sees things differently .
In theory , there is a long queue of coal - fired power stations waiting to be built in America .
But few have been completed in the past 15 years and many in that queue have been put on hold or withdrawn , for two reasons .
First , Americans have become intolerant of large , polluting industrial plants on their doorsteps .
Second , American power companies are fearful that they will soon have to pay for one particular pollutant , carbon dioxide , as is starting to happen in other parts of the rich world .
Having invested heavily in gas - fired stations , only to find themselves locked into an increasingly expensive fuel , they do not want to make another mistake .
That has opened up a capacity gap and an opportunity for wind and sunlight .
The future price of these resources — zero — is known .
That certainty has economic value as a hedge , even if the capital cost of wind and solar power stations is , at the moment , higher than that of coal - fired ones .
The reasons for the boom , then , are tangled , and the way they are perceived may change .
Global warming , a long - range phenomenon , may not be uppermost in people 's minds during an economic downturn .
High fuel prices may fall as new sources of supply are exploited to fill rising demand from Asia .
Security of supply may improve if hostile governments are replaced by friendly ones and sources become more diversified .
But none of the reasons is likely to go away entirely .
Global warming certainly will not .
“ Peak oil ” , if oil means the traditional sort that comes cheaply out of holes in the ground , probably will arrive soon .
There is oil aplenty of other sorts ( tar sands , liquefied coal and so on ) , so the stuff is unlikely to run out for a long time yet .
But it will get more expensive to produce , putting a floor on the price that is way above today's .
And political risk will always be there — particularly for oil , which is so often associated with bad government for the simple reason that its very presence causes bad government in states that do not have strong institutions to curb their politicians .
A prize beyond the dreams of avarice
The market for energy is huge .
At present , the world 's population consumes about 15 terawatts of power .
( A terawatt is 1,000 gigawatts , and a gigawatt is the capacity of the largest sort of coal - fired power station . )
That translates into a business worth $ 6 trillion a year — about a tenth of the world 's economic output — according to John Doerr , a venture capitalist who is heavily involved in the industry .
And by 2050 , power consumption is likely to have risen to 30 terawatts .
Scale is one of the important differences between the coming energy boom , if it materialises , and its recent predecessors — particularly those that relied on information technology , a market measured in mere hundreds of billions .
Another difference is that new information technologies tend to be disruptive , forcing the replacement of existing equipment , whereas , say , building wind farms does not force the closure of coal - fired power stations .
For both of these reasons , any transition from an economy based on fossil fuels to one based on renewable , alternative , green energy — call it what you will — is likely to be slow , as similar changes have been in the past ( see chart 1 ) .
On the other hand , the scale of the market provides opportunities for alternatives to prove themselves at the margin and then move into the mainstream , as is happening with wind power at the moment .
And some energy technologies do have the potential to be disruptive .
Plug - in cars , for example , could be fuelled with electricity at a price equivalent to 25 cents a litre of petrol .
That could shake up the oil , carmaking and electricity industries all in one go .
The innovation lull of the past few decades also provides opportunities for technological leapfrogging .
Indeed , it may be that the field of energy gives the not - quite - booms in biotechnology and nanotechnology the industrial applications they need to grow really big , and that the three aspiring booms will thus merge into one .
The possibility of thus recapturing the good times of their youth has brought many well - known members of the “ technorati ” out of their homes in places like Woodside , California .
Energy has become supercool .
Elon Musk , who co-founded PayPal , has developed a battery - powered sports car .
Larry Page and Sergey Brin , the founders of Google , have started an outfit called Google.org that is searching for a way to make renewable energy truly cheaper than coal ( or RE
Vinod Khosla , one of the founders of Sun Microsystems , is turning his considerable skills as a venture capitalist towards renewable energy , as are Robert Metcalfe , who invented the ethernet system used to connect computers together in local networks , and Mr Doerr , who works at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers , one of Silicon Valley 's best - known venture - capital firms .
Sir Richard Branson , too , is getting in on the act with his Virgin Green Fund .
This renewed interest in energy is bringing forth a raft of ideas , some bright , some batty , that is indeed reminiscent of the dotcom boom .
As happened in that boom , most of these ideas will come to naught .
But there could just be a PayPal or a Google or a Sun among them .
More traditional companies are also taking an interest .
General Electric ( GE ) , a large American engineering firm , already has a thriving wind - turbine business and is gearing up its solar - energy business .
The energy researchers at its laboratories in Schenectady , New York , enjoy much of the intellectual freedom associated with start - up firms , combined with a secure supply of money .
Meanwhile , BP and Shell , two of the world 's biggest oil companies , are sponsoring both academic researchers and new , small firms with bright ideas , as is DuPont , one of the biggest chemical companies .
Not everyone has joined in .
Exxon Mobil , the world 's largest oil company not in government hands , is conspicuously absent .
But in many boardrooms renewables are no longer seen as just a way of keeping environmentalists off companies ' backs .
Some people complain that many existing forms of renewable energy rely on subsidies or other forms of special treatment for their viability .
On the surface , that is true .
Look beneath , though , and the whole energy sector is riddled with subsidies , both explicit and hidden , and costs that are not properly accounted for .
Drawing on the work of people like Boyden Gray , a former White House counsel , Mr Woolsey estimates that American oil companies receive preferential treatment from their government worth more than $ 250 billion a year .
And the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) , a United Nations - appointed group of scientific experts , reckons that fossil fuels should carry a tax of $ 20 - 50 for every tonne of carbon dioxide they generate in order to pay for the environmental effects of burning them ( hence the fears of the power - generators ) .
So the subsidies and mandates offered to renewable sources of power such as wind turbines often just level the playing field .
It is true that some subsidies amount to unwarranted market - rigging : examples include those handed by cloudy Germany to its solar - power industry and by America to its maize - based ethanol farmers when Brazilian sugar - based ethanol is far cheaper .
Others , though , such as a requirement that a certain proportion of electricity be derived from non -fossil - fuel sources , make no attempt to pick particular technological winners .
They merely act to stimulate innovation by guaranteeing a market to things that actually work .
If the world were rational , all of these measures would be swept away and replaced by a proper tax on carbon — as is starting to happen in Europe , where the price arrived at by the cap - and - trade system being introduced is close to the IPCC 's recommendation .
If that occurred , wind - based electricity would already be competitive with fossil fuels and others would be coming close .
Failing that , special treatment for alternatives is probably the least bad option — though such measures need to be crafted in ways that favour neither incumbents nor particular ways of doing things , and need to be withdrawn when they are no longer necessary .
The poor world turns greener too
That , at least , is the view from the rich world .
But poorer , rapidly developing countries are also taking more of an interest in renewable energy sources , despite assertions to the contrary by some Western politicians and businessmen .
It is true that China is building coal - fired power stations at a blazing rate .
But it also has a large wind - generation capacity , which is expected to grow by two - thirds this year , and is the world 's second - largest manufacturer of solar panels — not to mention having the largest number of solar - heated rooftop hot - water systems in its buildings .
Brazil , meanwhile , has the world 's second - largest ( just behind America ) and most economically honest biofuel industry , which already provides 40 % of the fuel consumed by its cars and should soon supply 15 % of its electricity , too ( through the burning of sugarcane waste ) .
South Africa is leading the effort to develop a new class of safe and simple nuclear reactor — not renewable energy in the strict sense , but carbon - free and thus increasingly welcome .
These countries , and others like them , are prepared to look beyond fossil fuels .
They will get their energy where they can .
So if renewables and other alternatives can compete on cost , the poor and the rich world alike will adopt them .
That , however , requires innovation .
Such innovation is most likely to come out of the laboratories of rich countries .
At a recent debate at Columbia University , which The Economist helped to organise , Mr Khosla defended the proposition , “ The United States will solve the climate - change problem ” .
The Californian venture capitalist argued that if cheaper alternatives to fossil fuels are developed , simple economics will ensure their adoption throughout the world .
He also insisted that the innovation which will create those alternatives will come almost entirely out of America .
As it happens , he lost .
But that does not mean he is wrong .
There are lots of terawatts to play for and lots of money to be made .
And if the planet happens to be saved on the way , that is all to the good .
Slogans of the May 1968 revolt in France .
These first appeared mainly on the walls of Paris during May and then spread internationally .
* Vite !
Quick !
* Soyez réalistes , demandez l'impossible .
Be realistic , demand the impossible .
* Etre libre en 1968 , c'est participer .
To be free in 1968 means to participate .
* La barricade ferme la rue mais ouvre la voie .
The barricade blocks the street but opens the way .
* Un homme n'est pas stupide ou intelligent , il est libre ou il n'est pas .
A man is not stupid or intelligent , he is free or he is not .
* Refusons le dialogue avec nos matraqueurs .
Let us not dialogue with our persecutors .
* On achète ton bonheur .
Vole-le .
They buy your happiness .
Steal it .
* Sous les pavés , la plage !
Beneath the paving stones - the beach !
* Lisez moins , vivez plus .
Read less , live more .
* L'ennui est contre - révolutionnaire .
Boredom is counterrevolutionary .
* Pas de replâtrage , la structure est pourrie .
No replastering , the structure is rotten .
* Nous ne voulons pas d'un monde où la certitude de ne pas mourir de faim s'échange contre le risque de mourir d'ennui .
We want nothing of a world in which the certainty of not dying from hunger comes in exchange for the risk of dying from boredom .
* Ceux qui font les révolutions à moitié ne font que se creuser un tombeau .
Those who make revolutions by halves do but dig themselves a grave .
* On ne revendiquera rien , on ne demandera rien .
On prendra , on occupera .
We will claim nothing , we will ask for nothing .
We will take , we will occupy .
* Depuis 1936 j'ai lutté pour les augmentations de salaire .
Mon père avant moi a lutté pour les augmentations de salaire .
Maintenant j'ai une télé , un frigo , une VW .
Et cependant j'ai vécu toujours la vie d'un con .
Ne négociez pas avec les patrons .
Abolissez - les .
Since 1936
I have fought for wage increases .
My father before me fought for wage increases .
Now I have a TV , a fridge , a Volkswagen .
Yet my whole life I 've been a chump .
Do n't negotiate with the bosses .
Abolish them .
* Le patron a besoin de toi , tu n'as pas besoin de lui .
The boss needs you , you do n't need him .
* Travailleur :
Tu as 25 ans mais ton syndicat est de l'autre siècle .
Worker :
You are 25 , but your union is from the last century .
* Veuillez laisser le Parti communiste aussi net en sortant que vous voudriez le trouver en y entrant .
Please leave the Communist Party as clean on leaving as you would like to find it on entering .
* Ni Dieu ni maître !
Neither god nor master !
* Godard : le plus con des suisses pro-chinois !
Godard : the stupidist of all the pro-Chinese Swiss !
* L'art est mort .
Godard n'y pourra rien .
Art is dead .
Godard wo n't be able to do anything about it .
* Soyons cruels !
Let 's be cruel !
* Comment penser librement à l'ombre d'une chapelle ?
How can one think freely in the shadow of a chapel ?
* À bas la charogne stalinienne !
À bas les groupuscules récupérateurs !
Down with the Stalinist carcass !
Down with the recuperator cells !
* Vivez sans temps morts - jouissez sans entraves .
Live without dead time - enjoy without chains .
* Il est interdit d'interdire .
It is forbidden to forbid .
* Et cependant tout le monde veut respirer et personne ne peut respirer et beaucoup disent " nous respirerons plus tard " .
Et la plupart ne meurent pas car ils sont déjà morts .
Meanwhile everyone wants to breathe and nobody can breathe and many say , " We will breathe later " .
And most of them do n't die because they are already dead .
* Dans une société qui a aboli toute aventure , la seule aventure qui reste est celle d'abolir la société .
In a society that has abolished all adventures , the only adventure left is to abolish society .
* L'émancipation de l'homme sera totale ou ne sera pas .
The liberation of humanity will be total or it will not be .
* Je suis venu .
J'ai vu. J'ai cru .
I came .
I saw .
I believed .
( Mimics Veni , vidi , vici . )
* Cours , camarade , le vieux monde est derrière toi !
Run , comrade , the old world is behind you !
* Il est douloureux de subir les chefs , il est encore plus bête de les choisir .
It 's painful to suffer the bosses ; it 's even stupider to pick them .
* La révolution est incroyable parce que vraie .
The revolution is incredible because it is real .
* Les motions tuent l'émotion .
Motions kill emotions .
* Bannissons les applaudissements , les spectacle est partout .
Let us ban all applause , the spectacle is everywhere .
* Un seul week - end non révolutionnaire est infiniment plus sanglant qu'un mois de révolution permanente .
A single nonrevolutionary weekend is infinitely more bloody than a month of permanent revolution .
* Le bonheur est une idée neuve .
Happiness is a new idea .
* Plus je fais l'amour , plus j'ai envie de faire la révolution .
Plus je fais la révolution , plus j'ai envie de faire l'amour .
The more I make love , the more I want to make revolution .
The more I make revolution , the more I want to make love .
* Je jouis dans les pavés .
I find my orgasms among the paving stones .
* La perspective de jouir demain ne me consolera jamais de l'ennui d'aujord ' hui .
The prospect of finding pleasure tomorrow will never compensate for today 's boredom .
* Construire une révolution , c'est aussi briser toutes les chaines intérieures .
Building a revolution is also breaking all the inner chains .
* Le sacré , voilà l'ennemi .
All that is sacred - there is the enemy .
* Un flic dort en chacun de nous , il faut le tuer .
A cop sleeps inside every one of us , we must kill him .
* La poésie est dans la rue .
Poetry is in the street .
* La culture est l'inversion de la vie .
Culture is the inversion of life .
* L'art est mort , ne consommez pas son cadavre .
Art is dead , do n't consume its corpse .
* Ne me libère pas , je m'en charge .
Do n't liberate me , I 'll do it myself .
* Si vous pensez pour les autres , les autres penseront pour vous .
If you think for others , others will think for you .
* Professeurs vous êtes aussi vieux que votre culture , votre modernisme n'est que la modernisation de la police .
Professors you are as old as your culture , your modernism is only the modernisation of the police .
* Debout les damnés de l'Université .
Arise , you wretched of the University .
( Mimics the Internationale . )
* Même si Dieu existait il faudrait le supprimer .
Even if God existed , it would be necessary to abolish him .
( Paraphrases Bakunin . )
( Reversal of Voltaire 's Si Dieu n'existait pas , il faudrait l'inventer : If God did not exist , it would be necessary to invent him . )
* Je t'aime !
Oh !
dites - le avec des pavés !
I love you !
Oh , say it with paving stones !
* Mort aux vaches !
Death to the cows !
( Cops , police . )
* Travailleurs de tous les pays , amusez - vous !
Workers of the world , have fun !
( Mimics " Workers of the world , unite ! " )
* Pouvoir à l'Imagination .
Power to the Imagination .
* Je participe
* Tu participes
* Il participe
* Nous participons
* Vous participez
* Ils profitent
I take part
You take part
He takes part
We take part
You all take part
They profit .
* La Bourgeoisie n'a pas d'autre plaisir que celui de les dégrader tous .
The Bourgeoisie has no other pleasure but to degrade all pleasures .
* Ne changeons pas d'employeurs , changeons l'emploi de la vie .
Let us not change employers , let us change how we employ life .
* L'économie est blessée , qu'elle crève .
The economy is suffering , let it die .
黒木 玄
質問： 科学に関する相対主義 は 「 科学は絶対的に正しい」という考え方の否定であると言っている人がいるのですが、それは本当ですか？
回答： いいえ、それは誤りです。おそらく、そう言っていた人は相対主義に関する議論を何も知らないのでしょう。相対主義は絶対主義の単なる否定という穏健な立場を意味しません。そもそも「科学は絶対的に正しい」なんて言っている馬鹿はどこにいるの？
これに限らず、相対主義は単純に絶対主義の否定を意味しません。
「 我々が信じている考え方はもしかしたら正しくないかもしれない、我々は悪しき決め付けをしているかもしれない、……」と考える慎重な態度は当然の前提であり、狂信者でもない限り、誰も否定してません。この誰も反対してない常識的立場を「相対主義」と呼んでもメリットはなく、せいぜい議論を混乱させるだけでしょう。
質問： それでは相対主義とはどういう立場なのでしょうか？
回答： これは答えるのが難しい質問です。なぜならば、上で説明したように相対主義は単純に絶対主義の否定ではないので、様々な種類の相対主義があるからです。相対主義には様々な種類があることと相対主義に関しては様々な哲学的議論があることは次の論文集を覗いてみればわかります：
この論文集の序論において相対主義は次のように説明されています：
相対主義者は、懐疑主義者のように真理を知る可能性を否定するのではなく、立場の違いによって多くの真理が存在するという方針を取るのです。
『相対主義の可能性』は、認識的相対主義のパートと道徳的相対主義のパートに分かれています。真善美の分類に基いて、相対主義を次の3種類に分類することがあります： 認識的相対主義 ( 真偽に関わる相対主義 ) 、道徳的相対主義 ( もしくは倫理的相対主義、善悪に関わる相対主義)、審美的相対主義 ( 美醜に関わる相対主義 ) 。
科学に関わる相対主義は真偽に関わる相対主義なので認識的相対主義に分類されます。認識的相対主義の中で最も重要なのは概念的相対主義です。『相対主義の可能性』に所収されているドナルド・デイヴィドソンの「概念図式という観念そのものについて」は概念的相対主義を批判した論文として非常に有名です。概念的相対主義とは次のような立場のことです：
概念的相対主義の中には、概念図式としてパラダイムや言語を採用することによって、それぞれトーマス・クーンによる通約不可能性やサピア・ウォーフ仮説
( 言語論的相対主義 ) が含まれます。認識的相対主義批判が問題にするのは主にこの概念的相対主義です。
他にも、本気で心底から相対主義的主張をしているのか、それとも、世間一般に広まってしまった偏見を打破するためにあえて相対主義的主張をしているかの違いで、相対主義を分類することがあります。後者の戦略的・方法論的に採用された相対主義を方法論的相対主義と呼ぶ場合があります。方法論的相対主義はどこまで本気でないかが曖昧になる傾向があります。
以上のように相対主義は絶対主義の単純な否定ではないので、その強さ・過激さは様々です。そして、困ったことに、相対主義色の強いテクストの多くはこの点に関して完全に曖昧です。
まとめ：
質問： 「 相対主義」が嫌われているのはどうしてですか？
回答： 嫌う理由は人によって様々だと思います。ここでは筆者が「相対主義」を標傍する人たちにありがちだと感じている悪しき振舞いを箇条書きしておきます：
ここで挙げたような振舞いは論外なのですが、そうでなくても、相対主義をうまく利用するのは恐ろしく難しいのです。最初の関門は「相対主義が正しいという立場自体に相対主義を適用すると、相対主義の正当性が崩れてしまうのでは？」という疑問に答えることです。
もちろんのことですが、相対主義の哲学的な困難に関する精緻な議論を展開しようと努力している哲学者達を嫌う必要はありません。
補足： 「相対主義的科学観」が嫌われる理由については「理科教育における科学と相対主義」を参照せよ。その支持者たちによる「相対主義的科学観」の説明がおそろしく曖昧だったり、デタラメを含んでいたりすることに注意せよ。アラン・ソーカルの「ソーシャル・テクスト事件からわかること、わからないこと」における「ずさんなものの考え方 ( sloppy thinking ) 」の説明も参考になる 。
質問： 最近『 「知」の欺瞞』という本で相対主義が批判されていることが話題になってますが、そのポイントはどこにあるのでしょうか？
回答： 『「知」の欺瞞』の相対主義批判の最も大きな特徴は相対主義色の強いテクストの曖昧さを強調していることです。そして、科学論に対して「科学論者は科学や技術の専門知識が必要な対象をどうやって研究するのか？」という根本的な問題を提起しています。以下、この2つに論点をしぼり、ラトゥールの事例を用いて詳しく説明しましょう。
『 「知」の欺瞞』の相対主義批判は主に70頁以上もある第4章「第一の間奏」で行なわれており、「エピローグ」の257-260頁と274-277頁にも議論があります。
( 『「知」の欺瞞』が正当だとみなしているタイプの相対主義がどのようなものか知りたければ257頁を見よ。そこでは「社会科学における「自然な」相対主義」が擁護されている。)
『 「知」の欺瞞』で批判されている相対主義は、大雑把に言って「事実についての主張が正しいか誤っているかは、個人や社会集団や文化的文脈などなどに依存して決まる」というタイプの認識的相対主義です。
『 「知」の欺瞞』の相対主義批判最大の特徴は相対主義色の強いテクストの多くが曖昧であることを強調していることです：
筆者は実際に、ある方が 「実験、観測によって理論が破棄された例というのはないというのが1960年代以降の標準的な科学史の見解だ」と言っているのを見たことがあります。もちろん、その主張は単純に誤りです。
曖昧なテクストの例として、ブルーノ・ラトゥールの方法の規則の三つ目を挙げておきましょう：
論争の決着は、自然の表象の 原因 であり、その結果ではないのだから、この自然という結果を、なぜどのようにして論争が決着したのかを説明するために用いることは決してできない。
( 『科学が作られているとき 』 177、435頁よ り )
Jeffrey Goldberg wonders whether Bill Clinton has decided to pick up on the Democratic whisperings about John McCain ’s temperament .
At an appearance last night , Clinton suddenly launched a broadside against POWs , implying that their anger can suddenly erupt irrationally :
Bill Clinton is speaking at the Aspen Ideas Festival , and he said just now , apropos of almost nothing ( actually , during a long peroration on Nelson Mandela ) : “ Every living soul on this planet has some highly - justified anger .
Everyone .
If you know anybody who was a P.O.W. for any time , they can be going on for years and all of a sudden something will happen that will trigger all those bad memories . ”
Not too subtle .
Did Clinton decide to join the Democratic bandwagon and start attacking McCain through his military experience ?
As Goldberg says , it ’s not very subtle to suddenly , and apparently by changing the subject , start talking about rage and triggers in POWs .
And as Goldberg notes , Clinton rarely says anything by accident in public .
On the other hand , it ’s not even clear that Bill has decided to jump on the Obama bandwagon , at least not yet .
Goldberg also says that Clinton never mentioned Obama at all , and actively avoided the subject .
That does n’t sound like an enthusiastic surrogate , and if he does n’t have any stomach for promoting Obama , why would he cheap - shot McCain in this fashion ?
I ’m inclined to think that Clinton made these comments with a purpose .
Regardless of whether he likes Barack Obama — and so far , the evidence says he does n’t — he may have decided that torpedoing McCain serves other purposes .
With his reputation as a loose cannon firmly established in this cycle , he may also have concluded that he can get away with it more than his wife could , or other Democratic officeholders could .
I wonder how former POWs feel about a former Commander in Chief insinuating that they are all dangerous time bombs , just waiting for the right trigger to explode ?
Update : Watch the video here .
LONDON , July 12 ( Reuters ) -
There will be “ spectacular casualties ” in the airline industry over the next 12 months , billionaire Richard Branson , the owner of Britain ’s No. 2 long - haul airline Virgin Atlantic [ VA.UL ] , was quoted as saying on Saturday .
The U.S. airline industry -- including Virgin America -- has been battered by soaring fuel costs that are pinching even the healthiest airlines .
“ The financial state of the world is just about the worst I ’ve ever known it , ” Branson told The Times newspaper in an interview .
“ It ’s getting perilously close to being worse than the 1990s .
“ You have the perfect storm -- you ’ve not only got the banking crisis and the housing crisis , you ’ve got the soaring fuel prices as well .
One of the big American carriers will almost definitely go . ”
Branson confirmed Virgin was interested in buying British airline bmi , 50 percent plus one share owned by entrepreneur Sir Michael Bishop .
The carrier has long been expected to change ownership in 2009 due to a private agreement between Bishop and 30 percent minus one share co-owner Lufthansa LHAG .DE .
Despite barely making a profit in 2007 -- and with the outlook far worse for 2008 -- bmi’s value is in its control of 11 percent of the highly prized airline slots at Heathrow .
The billionaire also called for an end to BAA ’s monopoly of Britain ’s major airports .
Part of Spain 's Ferrovial FER .
MC since 2006 , BAA has owned the three main airports serving London -- Heathrow , Gatwick and Stansted -- as well as Scotland 's Edinburgh and Glasgow airports since it floated over 20 years ago .
“ It ’s been embarrassing to be British looking at foreigners queuing up to come into the country , ” said Branson .
“ I certainly think that BAA should be broken up .
Each individual terminal at Heathrow should be privatised so they can compete against each other .
BAA just creams off more and more every year . ”
Britain ’s Competition Commission is investigating whether problems faced by airline travellers through Britain , as highlighted by the chequered opening of Heathrow ’s Terminal 5 , are caused or exacerbated by BAA ’s monopoly .
( Reporting by John Joseph ; Editing by Mike Peacock )
Scientists have determined that human cells are able to shift important gene products into their own mitochondria , considered the power plants of cells .
The finding could eventually lead to therapies for dozens of diseases .
The gene products , known as tRNAs , assemble amino acids for the production of proteins within mitochondria .
If the mitochondrial tRNA genes are defective or missing , and proteins are not manufactured , the mitochondria are unable to generate adequate energy .
Defective tRNAs are believed to be the cause of about 60 percent of conditions traced to malfunctions in the mitochondria .
The range of related conditions includes diabetes , hearing loss and a number of neurological disorders , depending on which kinds of cells are affected .
Mitochondria are encased in their own membrane , making them a structure that is complicated to study .
Previous research has suggested that only in lower organisms , such as protozoans , yeast and plants , can tRNAs be imported to the mitochondria from the cell cytoplasm , the fluid - based area that contains most components of a cell .
But in this new research , scientists determined that tRNAs can be imported from cytoplasm to mitochondria in rat liver cells and human cells as well .
" This was totally unexpected , to find an innate , built - in mechanism that we humans have , " said Juan Alfonzo , senior author of the study and an assistant professor of microbiology at Ohio State University .
The finding broadens the study of therapeutic options involving attempts to introduce healthy tRNAs to the defective mitochondria of ill patients , Alfonzo said .
" If you have a mutation in a tRNA that you suspect is involved in disease , you theoretically should be able to bring a healthy tRNA from the cytoplasm into the mitochondria and correct the malfunction , " he said .
The research appears online this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Alfonzo noted that the current study was able to determine that the import of tRNAs occurs , but it leaves open the question of how it happens .
He and colleagues conducted experiments first in rat liver cells to test whether tRNA import occurs in mammals at all .
When the import was observed in rat mitochondria , they extended the study to human cells .
The finding that tRNA import occurs in humans can set in motion an entirely new line of research into therapeutic options for patients with diseases caused by mitochondrial defects .
There appears to be no way to introduce healthy tRNAs directly into mitochondria because their membranes have proven impenetrable to such outside interference , Alfonzo explained .
So scientists know they would have to rely on the import process that starts in the cytoplasm to transfer healthy tRNAs to damaged mitochondria and improve energy production .
Until now , researchers did n't know the human mitochondria had that import ability , so scientists were going to try using protozoan or yeast cells to manipulate the import process in human cells .
" What we are saying is you do n't need to bring up new machinery from a different organism because human cells already come equipped with their own way to import tRNAs .
There is no need to cross species , " Alfonzo said .
" What we need to know now is what proteins are involved in the import mechanism so we can exploit the process for therapy . "
One compound already identified as essential for the process is Adenosine - 5 - triphosphate , or ATP , a compound associated with energy transport in cells .
Alfonzo and colleagues demonstrated ATP 's role in the process using cells from a patient with a specific type of epilepsy called MERRF .
This disease is characterized by a mitochondrial tRNA mutation leading to a drastic reduction in the mitochondria 's ability to generate ATP , which in turn hinders the import of tRNAs into the mitochondria of people with this disease .
When ATP was introduced to the mitochondria of these diseased cells , the import process of tRNAs from the cytoplasm to the mitochondria was restored .
" These were cells from an actual patient , so this also makes the argument that we do n't need a surrogate system from other organisms to set the import process in motion , " Alfonzo said .
Source : Ohio State University
To Discriminate You Need to Separate
Price discrimination — charging different prices for the same product or service — requires preventing people who pay a high price for an item from being able to buy it at a low price .
This is done by separating the markets — linking the price to different times when the item is bought , such as day or night , weekday or weekend ; or different ages of customers ; or other ways .
Another market separation gimmick is underscored by a squib in the latest Consumer Reports .
Dr. Leonard ’s catalog sells the Barber Magic hair trimmer for $ 12.99 , but in the same catalog offers the identical product , called the Trim - a - Pet , for $ 7.99 .
Other than the names on the packages and a bit of different description , the products are identical ; and even the styles of the packages are identical .
Putting advertisements for both packages in the same catalog is a poor way of creating market separation :
If I had hair and needed to cut it , I would simply buy the Trim - a - Pet for my personal use and save the $ 5 .
This attempt at market separation might work if done in stores — pet stores could sell the Trim - a - Pet at lower prices than drug or hair - care shops sell the Barber Magic — but without some kind of geographic separation , successful price discrimination can’t occur .
Can you calculate the total savings in this offer ?
20 percent off the original price plus an additional 25 percent off the sale price .
See story for details .
Shoppers do crazy things .
And retailers bank on it .
Several studies reveal how Americans shop in irrational ways , and increasingly scientists are figuring out how easily we can be duped .
Retailers in turn use these tricks to get inside our heads , encouraging window shoppers to become real shoppers , driving purchases of sales items regardless of real value , and helping buyers feel good about the things they walk out with … often for no good reason .
One new study finds that happiness with a purchase depends on the choices that were available on a store shelf and how the items were presented .
Study participants were presented products ranging from cordless phones to lawn mowers .
The goods were presented in three ways :
One choice was clearly superior to the other two ( asymmetric dominance )
One choice was intermediate to the other two ( compromise )
Two options that were somewhat equivalent ( control )
After participants made choices , they rated the products and their satisfaction .
In five tests that shifted the products and setups , the participants ' preferences were affected by presentation .
The bottom line : A product presented as clearly superior to other products on a store shelf makes for a happy customer , regardless of the product 's inherent qualities to some degree .
“ A pen selected from a set in which it asymmetrically dominated another pen produced a more positive writing experience and a greater willingness to pay for the pen than if the same pen was selected from a set in which it did not dominate another option , ” conclude Song - Oh Yoon of the Korea University Business School and Itamar Simonson from Stanford University .
The study is detailed in the August issue of the Journal of Consumer Research .
A study last year by a separate group , published in the same journal , reached a similar conclusion .
Study participants were presented with two sofas .
Sofa A was softer , but Sofa B was more durable .
Sofa A was preferred by the minority — 42.3 percent of the participants .
Then both sofas were presented with three other sofas that had very low softness ratings .
Preference for sofa A jumped to 77.4 percent .
Tricks of the trade
There are many ways retailers encourage you to open your wallet .
None is more obvious than putting things on sale .
Researchers have known empirically for more than 20 years a " 50 % off " sign leads consumers to assume a price is attractive , even if they have no knowledge of the original price or reasonable prices for that product .
In fact , shoppers as a whole seem quite clueless about sales values .
Studies have also shown that frequent but modest discounts — such as the constant sales at a car dealership — lead to perceptions of greater value than less frequent but deeper discounts .
And when math is involved , most of us can't cope .
For example :
See if you can calculate the total savings in the setup : 20 percent off the original price plus an additional 25 percent off the sale price .
How much is that item marked down ?
If you said 45 percent off , then your math skills are as pitiful as the 85 percent of college students who also got this wrong in a study last year by researchers at the University of Miami and the University of Minnesota .
The right answer : 40 percent off .
More tricks
Other tricks , such as this one documented in a study last year , are more subtle :
A salesperson can totally alter a window shopper 's inclination to buy something by simply asking the right question .
When a salesperson asks a shopper which of several items she prefers , the shopper tends to skip the whole " Should I buy it at all ? " question and go straight to the " Which one should I buy ? " phase .
The study was done in simulated tests and in real - world retail situations .
“ Stating a preference appears to induce a which - to - buy mindset , leading people to think about which of several products they would like to buy under the implicit assumption they have already decided to buy one of them , ” wrote Alison Jing Xu and Robert S. Wyer , Jr. of the Hong Kong University of Science and Technology .
“ Consequently , they are more disposed to make a purchase than they otherwise would be . ”
Amazingly , the gimmick worked even in selling unrelated products .
Just 2 percent of a control group bought candy in one test .
But in a group who had been asked to indicate their preference among mp3 players , restaurants , and mobile phones , 28 percent bought candy .
Some tricks are downright nasty .
One sales technique is called “ disrupt - then - reframe . ”
Frank R. Kardes at the University of Cincinnati and colleagues found that by presenting a confusing sales pitch ( such as telling a potential customer that a candy bar costs 300 cents ) then restating the pitch in a more familiar way , they were able to increase sales of a candy bar in a supermarket .
The same trick increased students ’ willingness to accept a tuition increase or to pay to join a student interest group .
Loyal shoppers
Any good salesperson knows that if you really want to sell something , you just need to know what the customer wants .
Another study by Simonson , the Stanford researcher , with Ran Kivetz of Columbia University , focused on loyalty programs , in which a consumer joins to gain discounts or some other rewards but is required to make a certain number of purchases .
People who liked sushi were offered a program that required them to buy 10 sandwiches .
Another group of sushi lovers was offered a program with equal rewards that required them to buy 10 sandwiches and 10 orders of sushi .
The study subjects in the second group were more likely to join , even though it offered no additional benefit and required them to buy more .
The study " shows that people put too much emphasis on things that seem to fit them better than others , often leading to irrational choices , " Simonson told LiveScience .
FALLUJAH – Babies born in Fallujah are showing illnesses and deformities on a scale never seen before , doctors and residents say .
The new cases , and the number of deaths among children , have risen after " special weaponry " was used in the two massive bombing campaigns in Fallujah in 2004 .
After denying it at first , the Pentagon admitted in November 2005 that white phosphorous , a restricted incendiary weapon , was used a year earlier in Fallujah .
In addition , depleted uranium ( DU ) munitions , which contain low - level radioactive waste , were used heavily in Fallujah .
The Pentagon admits to having used 1,200 tons of DU in Iraq thus far .
Many doctors believe DU to be the cause of a severe increase in the incidence of cancer in Iraq , as well as among US veterans who served in the 1991 Gulf War and through the current occupation .
" We saw all the colors of the rainbow coming out of the exploding American shells and missiles , " Ali Sarhan , a 50 - year - old teacher who lived through the two US sieges of 2004 told IPS .
" I saw bodies that turned into bones and coal right after they were exposed to bombs that we learned later to be phosphorus .
" The most worrying is that many of our women have suffered loss of their babies , and some had babies born with deformations . "
" I had two children who had brain damage from birth , " 28 - year - old Hayfa ’ Shukur told IPS .
" My husband has been detained by the Americans since November 2004 and so I had to take the children around by myself to hospitals and private clinics .
They died .
I spent all our savings and borrowed a considerable amount of money . "
Shukur said doctors told her that it was use of the restricted weapons that caused her children ’s brain damage and subsequent deaths , " but none of them had the courage to give me a written report . "
" Many babies were born with major congenital malformations , " a pediatric doctor , speaking on condition of anonymity , told IPS .
" These infants include many with heart defects , cleft lip or palate , Down ’s syndrome , and limb defects . "
The doctor added , " I can say all kinds of problems related to toxic pollution took place in Fallujah after the November 2004 massacre . "
Many doctors speak of similar cases and a similar pattern .
The indications remain anecdotal , in the absence of either a study , or any available official records .
The Fallujah General Hospital administration was unwilling to give any statistics on deformed babies , but one doctor volunteered to speak on condition of anonymity — for fear of reprisals if seen to be critical of the administration .
" Maternal exposure to toxins and radioactive material can lead to miscarriage and frequent abortions , still birth , and congenital malformation , " the doctor told IPS .
There have been many such cases , and the government " did not move to contain the damage , or present any assistance to the hospital whatsoever .
" These cases need intensive international efforts that provide the highest and most recent technologies that we will not have here in a hundred years , " he added .
The International Committee of the Red Cross ( ICRC ) expressed concern Mar. 31 about the lack of medical supplies in hospitals in Baghdad and Basra .
" Hospitals have used up stocks of vital medical items , and require further supplies to cope with the influx of wounded patients .
Access to water remains a matter of concern in certain areas , " the ICRC said in a statement .
A senior Iraqi health ministry official was quoted as saying Feb. 26 that the health sector is under " great pressure " , with scores of doctors killed , an exodus of medical personnel , poor medical infrastructure , and shortage of medicines .
" We are experiencing a big shortage of everything , " said the official , " We do n’t have enough specialist doctors and medicines , and most of the medical equipment is outdated .
" We used to get many spinal and head injures , but were unable to do anything as we did n’t have enough specialists and medicines , " he added .
" Intravenous fluid , which is a simple thing , is not available all the time . "
He said no new hospitals had been built since 1986 .
Iraqi Health Minister Salih al - Hassnawi highlighted the shortage of medicines at a press conference in Arbil in the Kurdistan region in the north Feb. 22 .
" The Iraqi Health Ministry is suffering from an acute shortage of medicines … We have decided to import medicines immediately to meet the needs . "
He said the 2008 health budget meant that total expenditure on medicines , medical equipment and ambulances would amount to an average of 22 dollars per citizen .
But this is too late for the unknown number of babies and their families who bore the consequences of the earlier devastation .
And it is too little to cover the special needs of babies who survived with deformations .
Advertisements
Bob Barr the Libertarian Party ’s presidential candidate appeared on ABC’s This Week program today .
Host George Stephanopoulos asked Barr about his conversion from Republican congressman to third party presidential candidate , “ The real epiphany and that is really a good word because it is the cumulative effect of looking back at the growth of government and the way particularly under this administration individual liberty is being taken away from us . ”
Barr talked about the warrantless wiretapping bill , “ You have a government an administration that believes it ’s ok to electronically survel U.S. citizens in their own country without any inkling they have done anything wrong , which is what the administration wants and the Congress has now passed for this administration , we have a real problem .
When you have an attorney general for example that says habeas corpus is no longer important , we have a real problem .
It is when those policies came to light over the last couple of years that it became crystal clear to me and a lot of Americans that something is deeply wrong with this system . ”
He was asked if George W. Bush has been a greater threat to liberty than Bill Clinton was .
“ Absolutely because of the systemic assault on the Bill of Rights , it is very different .
I certainly had my differences with President Clinton and was one of the impeachment managers , but the problem with the current administration , and the mindset that has taken hold here in Washington , and there is really so little difference between the two major parties , is the fact that the system itself , and what the Bush administration has done to system of taking liberty from the people and imposing it here in Washington . ”
Advertisements
Barr said that both Obama and McCain represent the status quo .
He talked about the disenfranchised and disenchanted conservative Republicans that he is targeting .
Barr said his strategy is a mixture of a 50 state strategy and targeting some individual states .
He said that short of winning success would be defined as opening up the two party system .
Bob Barr is this year ’s Ralph Nader , and just like Nader it is n’t his fault if some voters are underwhelmed with the two nominees and are looking for an alternative .
His message seems specifically tailored to Ron Paul supporters , who definitely wo n’t be supporting John McCain .
An endorsement from Paul could really help Barr especially with organization and fundraising .
I think that both Barr and Nader deserve to be in the debates , if only to push McCain and Obama to talk about issues that they would rather avoid .
Watch the Full Bob Barr Interview
So You Think You Can Dance , the underdog but odds - on - favourite in the race to be America 's Next Top Reality Show , gets going for real tonight .
If you 've been watching for the last few weeks , you 've seen hundreds of ugly ducklings and a few swans audition , all with stardust in their eyes .
Announcements , Events & more from Tyee and select partners John Horton ’s Paintings Preserve History .
His Seamanship Saves Lives
Meet the fascinating Order of BC winner who also happens to be a Tyee supporter .
Nigel Lythgoe , a co-producer and judge , told them last week , in fact , that if they did n't want to be stars , they should get off the stage .
They all stayed put .
Because that 's what it and other star - making TV shows are about -- achieving the American Dream through the most meritocratic contest around .
But though I have been glued to the box since its first season , I have seen no previous winners of the show anywhere after .
And this is true of the other shows ; I have only seen anything of three winners of American Idol -- ones who have actually gone on to have songs on the charts .
And only Adrianne Curry , the first season winner of America 's Next Top Model , has had even moderate career success ( if Playboy counts as such ) .
Interesting , then , that despite a few dips in Idol 's ratings last season , these are among the most popular shows on TV , when some , like Radar Magazine , have just declared the meritocracy officially dead .
They shall inherit the glory
Forget talent and hard work as the route to fame and power .
In " Attack of the Aristo - Brats ! , " Radar welcomes readers to the new age of nepotism saying , " children of the rich and famous are taking over the world , " and " an aristocratic chill is gripping the nation as never before . "
Cruz Beckham 's impromptu breakdance at a Spice Girls ' concert at Madison Garden got more screams from the 15,000 audience members and more media chatter about future career success than the winners of So You Think You Can Dance enjoy .
Miley Cyrus is already a more famous singer ( and whatever else she is ) , at 15 , than any of the Idol winners can hope to be .
And as far as modeling goes , Riley Keough ( Elvis ' granddaughter ) , Frances Cobain Bean , and Keith Richards ' daughters Theodora and Alexandra , among others , are appearing in shows and glossy ads for designers like Dior .
" Indeed , with each new fashion season , another genetically advantaged aristo - brat elbows some anonymous Lithuanian bombshell out of the way . "
Given the obsession with corporate branding , the phenomenon of second - generation celebrity should come as no surprise , Radar argues .
" Increasingly , children are just brand extensions in person form -- human sequels , easier to green - light than untested projects . "
When Maddox Jolie - Pitt decides to make his first film , studios will likely outbid each other for it ( very similar to what local film students experience , I hear ) because regardless of whether it 's good or terrible , audience members will pay to find out .
His is a household name and story , and many want to find out the next chapter in the tale .
Look no further than the current A - list crop in Hollywood to see where last name gets you .
Some are talented , some not , but all start on the top floor : there 's Gwynneth Paltrow , Angelina Jolie , Jennifer Anniston , Kate Hudson , Tory Spelling , Nicole Ritchie , Paris Hilton and Kim Kardashian to name a few of the royal daughters .
And the next generation proves to be even bigger -- already getting attention , contracts and tabloid coverage as young as the age of three : Lourdes Ciccone Leon ( Madonna 's daughter ) , Bindi Irwin ( daughter of late croc hunter , Steve Irwin ) , Ally Hilfiger , Ivanka Trump , and even Rumer " Potato Head " Willis .
They 're models , singers , artists , talk show hosts , novelists , actors and talentless but tabloid - hogging stars .
Meritlesstocracy
MTV's new show , Rock the Cradle , is an American Idol - style competition show starring only the children of famous musicians .
Most are n't great .
But even so , they 'll likely easily surpass their non-aristo - brat , non-celebreality TV show brethren -- like the winners of American Idol -- in contracts and fame .
And , of course , there 's also a new episode of Living Lohan on tonight -- a show that follows Dina Lohan as she tries to make Ali into the star Lindsay is ( though with how well Lindsay 's doing lately , as a result , it 's a wonder the show does n't feature the intervention of child authorities ) .
Ali Lohan is already in the tabs and will probably grace screens , but hopefully not rehab centres , soon .
Because the meritlesstocracy is becoming so blatant in Hollywood -- and elsewhere like the White House -- people are starting to scratch their heads .
Recently hosting Kim Kardashian on The View , Barbara Walters tried to get her to explain what 's been going on in the last decade , culturally , that could make someone like Kardashian a household name .
" Why are you famous ? " she demanded , perplexed , furrowing ( well , kind of ) .
Then , unsatisfied by the answer , " But what do you do ? " Maybe Walters should invite Dubya on next week for the same grilling .
Sure , a hand up from mom or dad is nothing new -- we all want the best for the people we love .
What are we going to do -- institute a law where kids are n't allowed to go into the same professions as their parents ?
And spawn do have some genuine advantages ; athletically , it 's clear that super - genes are real ( see Peyton and Eli Manning ) .
And artistically or politically or otherwise , if you grow up with mentors and lessons and practice , and hear adults talk shop at the dinner table , you clearly do have a leg up over others who start the process a couple of decades later .
Obama to the rescue ?
But it 's the power of the powerful to open doors and trade on favours that clearly is accelerating a lot of young careers in Hollywood these days .
As it has in Washington , and other centres of political power .
Which brings us to another refreshing aspect of the Obama moment .
Perhaps , as some have claimed , the fact that he is more popular than the aristo - brat Bush , and defeated the royal Clintons , signals a cultural sea change .
Having won the Democratic Idol contest with grit , talent and hard work , many expect the third black American senator to resuscitate the ailing American Dream .
I tried that on a friend , who said Obama can't revive a meritocracy that never existed .
The celebretocracy , in one form of another , has always the main show .
But despite that , some producers manage to sell us the idea of hope .
So tonight I 'll be watching , riveted , as 20 dancers try to become stars in their own eyes -- if no one else's .
Related
Tyee stories :
# 641942 +( 3241 ) - [ X ]
< Onyxus > :
Have you ever been pwned by a 4 year old ?
I have , and so has my son .
< Onyxus > : 1 . ) I was riding in the car with my family and my daughter ( as I have taught her ) randomly said " I pwned a noob ! "
Being a proud father I reached back and said " Gimme five " to which she promptly responded " No you 're the noob ! "
< Onyxus > : 2 . ) Just today me and the missus were sitting in the living room watching TV while the kids were on the porch playing in their tiny little swimming pool .
My son ran up to the back door and was yelling something unintelligible at it , when my daughter ran up behind him and dumped a cup full of water over his head ... multiple times .
He ran off , most likely to cry in a corner somewhere , and she looked at me through the door and yelled " I pwned a noob Daddy ! "
< Onyxus > : Words can not describe the pride I feel in how I 've brought up my daughter ...
Claim : Best Buy ’s U.S. stores charge a 15 % restocking fee on returns of some non-defective merchandise .
OUTDATED
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , May 2008 ]
BEST BUY , MY FOOT BEST BUY , MY FOOT Best Buy has some bad policies ….
Normally , I would not share this with others , However , since this could happen to you or your friends , I decided to share it .
If you purchase something from , Wal - Mart , Sam ’s Club , JC Penny , Sears etc .
If you return the item with the receipt .
They will give you your money back if you paid cash , or credit your account if paid by plastic .
Well , I purchased a GPS for my car , a Tom Tom XL.S from “ Best Buy ” .
They have a policy that it must be returned within 14 days for a refund !
So after 4 days I returned it in the original box with all the items in the box , with paper work and cords all wrapped in the e plastic .
Just as I received it , including the receipt .
I explained to the lady at the return desk I did like the way it could not find store names .
The lady at the refund desk said , there is a 15 % restock fee , for items returned .
I said no one told me that .
I said how much would that be .
She said it goes by the price of the item .
It will be $ 45.00 Dollars for you .
I said , all your going to do is walk over and place it back on the self !
Then charge me $ 45.00 of my money for restocking !!
She said that ’s the store policy .
I said if more people were aware of it they would not buy anything here !
If I bought a $ 2000.00 computer or TV and returned it I would be charged $ 300.00 dollars restock fee !!
She said yes , 15 % .
I said OK , just give me my money minus the restock fee .
She said , since the item is over 200.00 dollars , she cant give me my money back !!!
Corporate has to and they will mail you a check in 7 to ten days .!!
I said “ WHAT ? ! ”
It ’s my money !!
I paid in cash !
I want to buy a different brand .. Now I have to wait 7 to 10 days .
She said well , our policy is on the back of your receipt .
I said , do you read the front or back of your receipt ?
She said well , the front !
I said so do I , I want to talk to the Manager !.
So the manager comes over , I explained everything to him , and he said , well , sir they should ld of told you about the policy when you got the item .
I said , No one , has ever told me about the check refund or restock fee , when ever I bought items from computers to TVs from Best Buy .
The only thing they ever discussed was the worthless extended warranty program .
He said Well , I can give you corporate phone number .
I called corporate .
The guy said , well , I ’m not supposed to do this but I can give you a 45.00 dollar gift card and you can use it at Best Buy .
I told him if I bought something and returned it , you would charge me a restock fee on the item and then send me a check for the remaining 3 dollars .
You can keep your gift card , I ’m never shopping in Best Buy ever again , and If I would of been smart , I would of charged the whole thing on my credit card !
Then I would of canceled the transaction .
I would of gotten all my money back including your stupid Fees !
He did n’t say a word !
I informed him that I was going to e-mail my friends and give them a heads up on this stores policy , as they do n’t tell you about all there little caveats
So please pass this on .
It may save your friends from having a bad experience of shopping at Best Buy .
Origins :
This e-mail about the return policies of the Best Buy chain of retail electronics stores began making the rounds in early April 2008 , with many of its earliest copies signed with the name “ Dave Dillon . ”
A the time this item began circulating , the Best Buy chain did indeed deduct a 15 % restocking fee from refunds made to U.S. customers who had purchased and returned certain non-defective items .
However , as of 18 December 2010 the electronics retailer changed that policy and now only applies a restocking fee ( of 25 % ) to special order products .
( Returns of damaged or defective merchandise are handled differently ; no restocking fee applies to them . )
It is still Best Buy ’s stated policy to issue refunds via corporate check for cash and debit card purchases over $ 500 , and check purchases over $ 250 :
Refunds for Best Buy Store Purchases
Your refund will generally be in the same form as the original payment .
However , when the item was purchased with cash or with a debit card without a major credit card logo for more than $ 500 , or with a check for more than $ 250 the refund will be in the form of a check mailed to you within 10 business days .
If the item was purchased using debit and the debit card has a major credit card logo , refunds under $ 250 will be issued as cash ; refunds over $ 250 will be credited back to the card .
Some retailers charge restocking fees on the return of non-defective merchandise , and some do n’t .
Those retailers who choose to apply such fees even when there ’s nothing obviously physically wrong with the items being returned do so because such vendibles often can no longer be sold as new once the packages containing them have clearly been opened , thus causing other potential buyers to avoid them like the plague .
( For example , any device which stores data in memory might potentially retain personal or offensive information left behind by a previous user , and even seemingly intact and unused equipment returned in its original packaging might still be lacking a user manual , a remote control , a cartridge , or some other small component removed by a previous purchaser . )
Absent a restocking fee , those retailers would therefore be left holding the bag for merchandise that was returned on little more than consumer whim .
A restocking fee passes along some of this loss to the person who caused it ( that is , the buyer who changed his mind about owning the item ) .
Also , restocking fees work to discourage those intent upon using retailers as merchandise lending libraries .
Absent such fees , someone looking to have the use of a camcorder for a wedding , for instance , could buy the item on Friday , use it on Saturday , retrieve images from it on Sunday , return it on Monday , and get all of his
money back .
A close examination of the items Best Buy applies restocking fees to ( notebook computers , projectors , camcorders , digital cameras , radar detectors , GPS / navigation and in - car video systems ) reveals that each of these items is of the “ would like to have the use of for the weekend or for the length of the annual vacation ” ilk .
Imagine a family heading off for a two - week road trip — absent the imposition of restocking fees on these items , they could load up their SUV with a notebook computer , camcorder , digital camera , radar detector , GPS navigation system , and in - car video system on their way out of town , then hand back the whole lot on their return for a full refund , thereby making the retailer the trip ’s unwitting subsidizer .
Another purpose for restocking fees is to discourage customers from engaging in after - the - fact comparison shopping — buying an item , using it , and then ( after discovering they could have purchased it more cheaply elsewhere ) repackaging it and returning it in order to buy the same thing at a lower price from a different seller .
Some retailers advertise that if a buyer can find the same item elsewhere for a lower price , they ’ll refund the difference , but others expect their customers to do their comparison shopping in advance of purchase .
All of this , you might think , would be merely the retailers ’ headache .
Yet that is a naive view : Retailers do n’t altruistically absorb such losses ; they pass them along .
To you .
While at first blush it might seem the better course to patronize stores that do not charge restocking fees on items purchasers return merely because they change their minds , it could well be that the opposite is the more prudent choice .
Retailers who do n’t impose restocking fees on frivolous returns pass along their losses to consumers through higher prices .
Should you not be someone who buys and returns things on whim , you might find your pocketbook better served by business entities that stick the inconstant with at least some of the costs associated with their capricious behavior .
Barbara “ restock in trade ” Mikkelson
Last updated : 17 December 2010
Sources :
Exclusive to STR
Civil Disobedience , or CD , is spectacular and scary and costly and courageous and inspiring , all of the above , but as I suggested in the case of Gandhi , not necessarily effective .
Still , there are some occasions when it may be useful .
CD means the deliberate flouting of a government law , usually in plain view .
Some refused to register for the draft , when it was operating ; they burned their draft cards while cameras rolled , and although quite a number felt obliged to flee to Canada or Sweden to escape the consequences , in the end only about a dozen were actually prosecuted , in that Vietnam Era , while over 55,000 who obeyed the call were killed .
So that CD was brave , for sure -- but not too dangerous , relatively speaking .
Currently a considerable number -- several thousand , at least -- refuse to obey what government says are its income tax laws , and so cause it a good deal of well - deserved trouble .
Ed and Elaine Brown , for example , in 2007 pinned down relays of police in Plainfield , NH , for several months 24/ 7 by refusing to surrender after being convicted in a government kangaroo trial .
Is this CD ?
The question is relevant , because none of these refuseniks say they are disobeying actual laws -- they all believe there are n't any , and have good evidence for the belief -- but all willingly pay other taxes , which are unquestionably required by law .
Some individuals practice CD against laws that happen to have impacted them in some especially aggravating way ; laws requiring vehicles to be registered , drivers to be licensed , etc .
Last year Russell Kanning of New Hampshire offered handouts to employees of his local IRS office , which recommended they resign their jobs on moral grounds ; the fuzz ordered him to quit , but he returned for a second round and they threw him in jail ; a clear case of CD .
So too was Lauren Canario 's brave stand in New London , CT , against the city 's theft of a row of houses under its " eminent domain " laws that were eventually upheld by the US Supreme Court .
More recently David Krouse of NH declined to register his vehicle and refused to pay the fine , and it was suspended ; that is , he won the day .
Risky , courageous , and in that case successful ; but what can we say of the effectiveness of CD in general ?
Not much ; or at least , not yet .
Let 's first suppose that some brave act of CD were copied widely .
In fact , the Vietnam draft - card - burning example will serve ; a large number of young men did it .
Was it effective ?
Yes , to a degree , because it inspired others to protest the Vietnam War ever more vigorously , even when not themselves drafted , and that protest did without doubt bring the war to an eventual end .
Had there been no protest , probably extra resources would have been poured in , the bombing intensified , and a victory won .
Instead of a unified and surprisingly mild form of Communism governing the country today , there would have been some sort of US puppet in charge but with little , if any , more freedom .
But was that CD effective in a wider sense , of ending or even reducing government back home ?
Not at all .
A third of a century later , it is more monstrous than ever .
Okay , those protests did not even try or aim to abolish government , merely to end a war -- but that 's part of the problem .
Why did n't they ?
If you want to end all wars , you have to end government .
It 's the only way .
So let 's suppose that vast numbers of people follow the fine example of David Krouse and stop registering their cars .
The roads become full of vehicles without valid plates , and State and local car tax receipts drop off a cliff .
Marvelous .
Then what ?
The first result will be some kind of horrible police crackdown .
David was lucky -- he seemed to draw a sensible judge , which must be like winning a State Lottery -- but that wo n't happen often .
Next time , the CDer will pay the fine or go to jail , and if he persists and drives without current plates , he 'll be left there to rot until he does , and so will all who follow his example , until the jails are full to overflowing , at which time the government will construct " temporary " concentration camps to house them .
They will not allow such protest to undermine their authority , and they have enough guns and cops to enforce their will .
Further : even if , incredibly , such CD did terminate the requirement to register vehicles , what then exactly ?
We would have a society in which roads were maintained with money stolen by taxation in some other form , such as a hike in the sales tax percentage .
Unless and until we go for the jugular and terminate government altogether , they are going to continue " winning , " which is to say subjecting us to their authority ; and I argue that this or any other kind of CD does nothing to cause that termination .
It 's a classic case of trimming the branches instead of pulling out the roots .
I can see that a widespread tax strike might pull up some roots .
In fact , if even a few income tax payers -- say , 1 % - - were rather openly to refuse to file returns or pay what was demanded , that would immediately glue up the government collection machinery , so that prosecutions became non-feasible ; then , others would be emboldened to follow suit and pretty soon it would all snowball and so deprive the Colossus of its financial support .
Very good -- but let 's check the details .
First , how exactly will that first 1 % be persuaded to run the gauntlet ?
One percent is 1,500,000 people , or about 100 times the current numbers .
I know of no answer to that .
Second , how would even a wholly successful income tax strike prevent the Feds from stealing the same amount of money with a national sales tax ?
Third , even if that were somehow done ( and I can visualize that it 's possible ) , what about the rest of government -- the half of Federal and some State revenue not stolen with the income tax , and the whole apparatus of local government financed by property taxes ?
Such CD simply wo n't suffice .
For all that , there are some circumstances in which CD will help in the one purpose that counts -- the outright termination of all government , i.e. , to achieve a free society , one in which every person is ruled only by himself .
I 'm currently working on a sequel to " A Vision of Liberty " , which reports on the first three years following government evaporation .
The new book will " chronicle " events in the five years preceding that happy day , and I hope to get it published this Summer .
The main premise of each is that during the next two decades , Americans get re-educated one at a time using TOLFA or a freedom school like it , then bring one of their friends per year to join it and resign any government job they hold .
The result will be an exponential growth and an evacuation of government employees , leaving it incapable of existing .
During its final five years , however , as the inevitability of its eventual demise becomes clear , government will cause all manner of mayhem in a vain attempt to prolong its existence , and that is the theme on which I 'm working .
It 's during that period that CD would help .
CD would be feasible on a large scale at that time ( but not before ) because as increasing numbers of government workers quit , it will become increasingly less able to enforce its own laws .
CD will therefore be " safer " to practice , and therefore more and more people will practice it .
The millions who resent having to pay tax will actually stop paying it when it 's clear they can do so with impunity ; the millions highly dissatisfied with the quality of government schooling will pull out their children when it 's clear the attendance laws are unenforceable ; the millions who resent paying the serf 's tribute on their own real estate will stop paying it when it 's clear the local government 's ability to seize their homes is melting away before their eyes , and so on .
Those laws will never be repealed , so such large - scale actions will certainly be acts of civil disobedience -- but they will help move along the avalanche of government disintegration when , and only when , the risk becomes slight .
That is when CD will help ; it wo n't even then be indispensable , ( unless government writes some outrageous law to forbid employees resigning ! ) but it will bring about the collapse of government a little sooner than would otherwise take place , and so yield the biggest bang for the buck .
This is not intended to discourage -- and certainly not to disrespect !-- the brave few who engage in CD today , it 's just an appeal to get the brain as firmly in gear as the guts , so that CD takes its proper and effective place within a rational , overall strategy to end the Age of Government altogether .
Without it , even a " successful " campaign would fail , just as Gandhi 's failed .
He did not fail to get the British out of India ( they were going , anyway ) but he certainly failed to get government out of India - - and that was not a failure of courage or dedication or even perhaps of tactics , but a failure of intellect : he was not bright enough to perceive what the real , root cause of poverty and discord in his country -- any more than America 's founders were in ours .
Hopefully , we are .
About a week ago , the CRTC demanded that Bell release to the public by June 23rd information that would prove it ’s claim that P2P throttling was having a negative impact on it ’s network .
Some , but not all , of that information has been made public .
Many details are being kept from public view for ‘ competitive ’ reasons .
Even the scant evidence released shows exactly how flimsy Bell ’s case is .
One would assume that the company would release the most damaging evidence , but their claim is that over a 2 month period , 2 - 5 % of their network links suffered some sort of congestion .
They do NOT say whether that was a sustained range of fluctuation , or brief bursts of congestion .
They then pull out the old “ it ’s like a highway ” canard .
In revealing the details , Bell explained in an accompanying letter that “ while these numbers may seem low to the average lay person , they are significant to network traffic engineers such that it is important to consider the number of congested links in the proper context . ”
If only a single link in the network is congested , end users may still experience slowdowns or dropped connections , the company said , because the situation is similar to the road system — where if one major artery is backed up , all connected roads will also have problems .
“ Just like a single traffic roadblock can hinder drivers going to multiple destinations that pass through the road that is blocked , a very small amount of congested links can seriously affect a large number of high - speed end - users ’ traffic , ” Bell said .
… as quoted from a CBC article .
On a simplistic level , the ‘ highway ’ analogy can be helpful to the ‘ lay person ’ , but in this case it ’s shorthand for company spin that obfuscates HOW traffic works .
Since Bell has no interest in actually enlightening their customers , I ’m going to take a moment to show why the analogy falls apart :
1 ) Data packets are the cars of the ‘ highway ’ .
They travel at 1000s of kilometres per second .
If they did n’t , a person in Toronto would n’t get an email from his friend in Australia a second after the Australian hit send .
It would be impossible for someone in Toronto to play a decent game of Call Of Duty 4 with someone from London England .
Somehow people are doing it every day .
2 ) the ‘ internet highway ’ can re-route you in an instant if there ’s congestion .
Imagine if the 401 HWY is blocked up , and magically , a second highway appears before you , with no cars on it , and your car is automatically sent onto the new route .
The ‘ congestion ’
Bell claims is more of a dead seagull at the side of the road than a 15 car pile - up ( even if it was sustained congestion over that two month period – which they have n’t made explicit ) .
3 ) Bell is claiming that torrent traffic is the equivalent of a convoy of 18 - wheelers blocking the poor little guy .
As we previously reported the numbers show that gaming , web streaming , and email each hog more lanes than all torrents combined .
These numbers come from Ellacoya ( now a part of Arbor Networks ) , a traffic shaping company that Bell is invested in .
All of this , when combined with Bell ’s congestion claims , should completely dis -spell the myth that P2P is crushing the internet .
The throttling issue is n’t the only thing we ’ve been facing lately , with the Bill C - 61 amendments to the Copyright Act having been tabled , and possibly becoming official after the summer recess .
At least we have all summer to mount an opposition to said bill ( I know I ’m assuming everyone is opposed to it – after all I do n’t think the RIAA or MPAA are reading this ) .
That ’s a whole other article though , and I ’d respectfully point you to Michael Geist ’s site , as he ’s been doing some amazing coverage on the issue .
Libby Links Cheney to Plame Leak FBI documents obtained by a congressional committee indicate that Vice President Dick Cheney may have authorized his former deputy to leak the identity of covert CIA operative Valerie Plame Wilson .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
In a June 3 letter sent to Attorney General Michael Mukasey , Rep. Henry Waxman , Democratic chairman of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , called on the Justice Department to release transcripts of interviews that Special Prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald conducted with President George W. Bush and Cheney about the leak of Plame 's identity .
Waxman said the Justice Department has turned over to his committee redacted transcripts of interviews that federal investigators conducted with former White House political adviser Karl Rove and Cheney 's former chief of staff I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby .
According to those transcripts , Libby told federal investigators that Cheney may have told him to leak Plame 's association with the CIA to reporters , Waxman said in the letter to Mukasey .
" In his interview with the FBI , Mr. Libby stated that it was ‘ possible ’ that Vice President Cheney instructed him to disseminate information about Ambassador [ Joseph ] Wilson 's wife to the press .
This is a significant revelation and , if true , a serious matter .
It can not be responsibly investigated without access to the Vice President 's FBI interview , " Waxman wrote .
Waxman 's office would not release copies of the Libby - Rove transcripts or describe the contents in any detail .
Fitzgerald 's investigative interviews with Bush and Cheney -- asking how much knowledge the President and Vice President had about the Plame leak -- have not been disclosed .
The scandal revolves around actions taken in June and July of 2003 when Rove , Libby and other administration officials leaked information to reporters aimed at discrediting Ambassador Wilson , who had challenged the truthfulness of Bush ’s pre-invasion claims that Iraq had purchased yellowcake uranium from Niger .
During the investigation , it was revealed that Bush authorized portions of a classified National Intelligence Estimate about Iraq ’s alleged WMD to be disseminated to select reporters as part of the anti-Wilson campaign .
Cheney dispatched Libby on that mission .
However , it is still unknown whether Libby was authorized to pass on information about Plame ’s work at the CIA or whether he did that on his own .
Other administration officials , including Deputy Secretary of State Richard Armitage and Rove , also served as sources for journalists on Plame ’s identity as a CIA officer .
Right - wing columnist Robert Novak blew Plame ’s cover on July 14 , 2003 , in an article suggesting that Plame had helped arrange her husband ’s trip to Africa as some kind of junket .
Wilson , a diplomat who had served in Iraq and Africa , was selected by the CIA ’s non-proliferation office , where Plame worked , to travel to Niger in early 2002 to examine the Iraq - yellowcake allegations .
Wilson returned to the United States and reported to CIA officials that the claims appeared to have no merit , a finding that matched with inquiries from other U.S. officials .
Nevertheless , in January 2003 , seeking to dramatize the need for invading Iraq , President Bush cited the Niger claims in his State of the Union speech .
That set the stage for Wilson to begin criticizing the misuse of this intelligence .
Initially , Wilson avoided giving all the details about his role but finally went fully public in a New York Times op - ed on July 6 , 2003 .
That , in turn , prompted an intensified White House campaign against Wilson leading to Novak ’s article .
With Plame 's cover blown and her spy network endangered , the CIA sought a criminal investigation into the leak .
Knowing Nothing
As the probe got underway In September 2003 , Bush professed to know nothing about the controversy and publicly called on anyone with information to step forward .
At the time , however , he was withholding the fact that he had authorized declassification of some secrets about the Niger uranium issue and had ordered Cheney to arrange for those secrets to be given to reporters to undermine Wilson ’s criticism .
In other words , though Bush knew a great deal about how the anti-Wilson scheme got started – since he was involved in starting it – he uttered misleading public statements to conceal the White House role .
That was followed by denials of involvement from Rove and Libby – issued through then - White House press secretary Scott McClellan .
Fitzgerald indicted Libby in October 2005 on five counts of perjury and obstruction of justice .
In October 2005 , I first reported that Fitzgerald also was investigating whether Cheney played a role in the leak .
I reported , too , that Bush and Cheney discussed Plame prior to the leak , undercutting Bush 's claims some three months later that he was unaware of nuances of the case .
In February 2007 , during closing arguments at Libby 's trial , defense attorney Theodore Wells told jurors that the prosecutors had been attempting to build a case of conspiracy against the Vice President and Libby , and that the prosecutors believed Libby may have lied to federal investigators and to a grand jury to protect Cheney .
In his rebuttal , Fitzgerald told jurors : " You know what ?
[ Wells ] said something here that we 're trying to put a cloud on the Vice President .
We 'll talk straight .
There is a cloud over the Vice President .
He sent Libby off to [ meet with former New York Times reporter ] Judith Miller at the St. Regis Hotel .
At that meeting - the two - hour meeting - the defendant talked about the wife [ Plame ] .
We did n't put that cloud there .
That cloud remains because the defendant obstructed justice and lied about what happened . "
The jury convicted Libby of four counts , leading to a sentence of 30 months in jail .
However , Bush commuted the sentence to eliminate jail time and left open the possibility that Libby might get a full pardon before Bush leaves office .
The way Bush handled Libby ’s commutation removed the chief incentive for Libby to cooperate further with prosecutors ( to avoid or reduce his jail time ) and dangled a possible reward down the road if Libby remains in the administration ’s good graces ( a full pardon ) .
Now , according to the transcript cited by Rep. Waxman , it appears that Libby did tell prosecutors in an earlier interview that it was “ possible ” that Cheney did order him to leak Plame ’s identity .
Waxman is now pressing to learn what Cheney and Bush said in response to Fitzgerald 's questions about exactly what they did or did not order their subordinates to do .
Jason Leopold has launched a new Web site , The Public Record , at www.pubrecord.org
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Poor tomatoes .
They 've overtaken spinach as the organic food we most worry about and they 've been in the middle of the genetically modified foods debate for years .
Yet tomatoes have their proponents as well , like HyunSoon Kim from the Korea Research Institute of Bioscience and Biotechnology ( KRIBB ) and colleagues from Digital Biotech Inc. and the Department of Biological Science at Wonkwang University .
They say this humble fruit could be a suitable carrier for an oral vaccine against Alzheimer ’s disease .
Alzheimer ’s disease is the most common cause of dementia and it progresses over a long period of time .
It is thought to be caused by the accumulation of human beta- amyloid , a toxic insoluble fibrous protein in the brain , which leads to the death of neurons .
Reducing the accumulation of beta- amyloid may inhibit the degeneration of the nervous system and therefore prevent or delay the onset of Alzheimer ’s disease .
One approach is to stimulate the immune system to reduce beta-amyloid in the brain .
Kim and colleagues ’ aim was to develop a plant - derived vaccine against Alzheimer ’s disease , since beta - amyloid is toxic to animal cells .
Tomatoes are an attractive candidate as a vaccine carrier because they can be eaten without heat treatment , which reduces the risk of destroying the immune stimulation potential of the foreign protein .
The researchers inserted the beta - amyloid gene into the tomato genome and measured the immune responses to the tomato - derived toxic protein in a group of 15 - month - old mice .
They immunized the mice orally with the transgenic tomato plants once a week for three weeks , and also gave the mice a booster seven weeks after the first tomato feed .
Blood analyses showed a strong immune response after the booster , with the production of antibodies to the human foreign protein .
Although the research published Biotechnology Letters , is still in the early stages , it is a first step towards finding an edible vaccine against the neurodegenerative disease .
The authors conclude : “ Although we did not reveal a reduction of existing plaques in the brain of mice challenged with tomato - derived beta- amyloid … this study represents a unique approach in which transgenic plants expressing beta- amyloid protein are used to produce a vaccine . ”
The team is currently looking at strategies to increase the potency of the tomato - based vaccine , because fresh tomatoes contain only 0.7 % protein and levels of foreign protein are even lower .
This research was supported by the Plant Diversity Research Center of the 21st Century Frontier R&D Program , Korea .
Article : Youm JW , Jeon JH , Kim H , Kim YH , Ko K , Joung H , Kim HS ( 2008 ) .
Transgenic tomatoes expressing human beta- amyloid for use as a vaccine against Alzheimer ’s disease .
Biotechnology Letters ( DOI 10.1007/s10529-008-9759-5 ) .
Itches You Should n't Scratch
by Ostatic Staff - Jul. 30 , 2008
Related Blog Posts
You 've probably heard this sage advice about figuring out what open source software to write : " scratch your own itch . "
The intent of the advice , of course , is to tell you that the easiest way to choose a bit of software to work on is to find something that you want and write it .
But easy though this advice is to give - which may account for why it 's given so often - there are times when it is , I think , just flat - out wrong .
The problem is that an awful lot of developers have the same itch - and they do n't always look around before they scratch it .
Think about the number of text editors in the open source world , or the number of CMS's , or the number of Rails documentation sites .
Do n't we already have enough of some categories of software ?
I 'm not suggesting that the large incumbent open source projects are perfect - far from it .
What I am suggesting is that there 's very little chance that a brand new bug - tracking system , say , is ever going to get much traction in a world where there are hundreds of choices already .
If bug - tracking is your itch , you should think long and hard before scratching it , well , from scratch .
Your efforts are much more likely to be useful to the community if you get involved with an existing project and improve its code instead .
Being part of an open source team is n't as much of an ego boost as being the lead on a new project .
And it can be hard to come into a large existing codebase and get a good enough handle on it to contribute effectively .
But you have to ask yourself whether you 're coding for ego , or to have some well - used software that you can say you 're a part of .
For most developers , the long - range benefit of success should be more important than being the lead developer .
And if you do have a unique itch , or think you can beat out all the existing products in a niche - go for it !
Just do n't be surprised if the world does n't beat an immediate path to your door .
Report : McCain campaign shakeup promotes ' Bushworld veterans ' Nick Juliano
Published : Wednesday July 2 , 2008
Print This Email This Apparently undeterred by accusations that he is running for George W. Bush 's third term , Republican presidential candidate John McCain is shaking up his campaign staff to promote several " Bushworld veterans " to top positions , according to a new report .
Politico's Jonathan Martin reports that Steve Schmidt , a senior communications aide in the Bush - Cheney ' 04 campaign , is now in charge of the " day - to - day operation " of McCain 's White House run .
The shakeup has created some confusion within McCain 's team about who 's really running the show .
Schmidt 's ascension seems to foretell McCain 's campaign shifting towards more personal attacks aimed at Barack Obama .
In a campaign memo released last week , Schmidt accused Obama of " self - serving partisanship " and of putting his own needs before those of the country .
The move to promote Schmidt came after " a sluggish ramp - up to the general and number of unforced errors had left the candidate , senior staff and elected officials unhappy with the state of the campaign , " Martin reports .
Sources tell Martin that Schmidt , who also ran California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's re-election effort , will coordinate McCain 's daily message and " have an increased role in shaping most every facet of the organization , " leaving current campaign manager Rick Davis , a former lobbyist , to focus more on big - picture issues .
Now , accounts diverge on the exact nature of the new chain of command .
One top McCain source said that Schmidt " assumed full operational control of the campaign today " and described Davis as " a general manager . "
But Charlie Black , another top adviser , said Davis was still in charge .
" Steve is going to function under Rick as a [ chief operating officer ] , " Black said .
" Rick still has authority over all things .
Steve works for Rick . "
One of McCain 's earliest hires , Schmidt joined the campaign as a communications adviser in December of 2006 .
Schmidt is a a veteran of the Bush White House and protege of Karl Rove , Bush 's former top political opperative .
Martin reports that several other " Bushworld veterans " are taking on larger roles in the campaign , including Matt McDonald , who worked for the ' 04 campaign ; Taylor Griffin , a former White House spokesman ; and Mike DuHaime , who managed Rudy Giuliani 's own failed presidential campaign .
Former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan speaks at the Per Jacobsson Foundation Lecture in Washington October 21 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Yuri Gripas
JOHANNESBURG ( Reuters ) - Former Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan warned on Tuesday the U.S. economy was on the brink of a recession , with the chances of that happening at more than 50 percent .
The U.S. economy has been hit by a credit crisis which began in the sub - prime mortgage market , prompting a series of interest rate cuts to help boost the economy .
But price pressures are growing , making more rate cuts unlikely .
Asked if the U.S. economy was in recession , Greenspan said : “ We are on the brink . ”
A quick recovery was unlikely , he said via video link to a conference in Johannesburg .
“ A rebound at this stage is not something I think is in the immediate outlook , ” he said .
“ There are still very considerable structural problems remaining in the financial system .
They will remain for a while .
It ’s going to be very difficult .
There are a lot of unexpected adverse events out in front of us , ” Greenspan said .
Greenspan said he did not believe arguments that the housing problems in the U.S. were due to interest rates being too low during his tenure .
“ As far as I ’m concerned , the data do not support it ( that argument ) .
The housing bubble is clearly an international phenomenon . ”
On South Africa , Greenspan said the country ’s Reserve Bank had been right to raise interest rates in the face of accelerating inflation .
“ The problem that you have here is that ... significant pressures are coming from oil and food , but they are none the less real , ” he said .
“ The price increases are real and unless the central bank leans against them ... you will get a highly unstable inflation environment . ”
South Africa ’s central bank has raised its repo rate by 500 basis points to 12.0 percent since June 2006 to try tame inflationary pressures .
But its targeted inflation gauge continues to accelerate , reaching 10.4 percent year - on - year in April .
Optimizing FastForth : Optimizing in a BSR / JSR Threaded Forth Forth Dimensons - March / April 1993 - page 21 - 26 Charles Curley
The author helps intermediate Forth programmers learn how to optimize their applications .
These highly portable techniques require only a cerain amount of bravado , an analytical approach , and knowledge of your CPU 's instruction set and your Forth .
Once it is built and fine tuned , your optimizer should help you produce faster , more efficient code .
Abstract
The purpose of this paper is to describe a code optimizer for a 68000 - based JSR / BSR threaded Forth interpreter / compiler .
The code operates in the traditional Forth single pass compiler , optimizing on the fly .
The result includes words which execute in fewer instructions than the words called out in the source code .
Historical Note
The Forth used for the code described herein is FastForth , a full 32 - bit JSR / BSR threaded Forth for the 68000 , described in unmitigated detail Life in the FastForth Lane , in issue of Forth Dimensions .
It is a direct modification of a indirect threaded Forth , Real - Forth .
This is , in turn , a direct descendent of fig -Forth .
( Remember fig Forth ? )
Fig Forth vocabulary , word names and other features have been retained .
For those not familiar with 32 - bit Forths , the memory operators with the prefix W operate on word , or 16 - bit , memory locations .
FastForth uses the operators and for 32 - bit memory operations where the address is known to be an even address .
To avoid odd address faults , the regular Forth operators and use byte operations .
The assembler used to illustrate is descended from the fig 68000 assembler by Dr. Kenneth Mantei .
It is a typical Forth reverse polish notation assembler .
Typical syntax is : source , destination , opcode .
The addressing modes relevant to the paper are as follows : [ Address register indirect [+
Address register indirect with postincrement -[ Address register indirect with predecrement &[ Register indirect with a word of displacement @ #L Absolute long address # Immediate data , word # L Immediate data , long
There is nothing particularly new conceptually here .
Chuck Moore 's CMForth includes an optimizer for the Novix NC 4000 .
The present paper describes an optimizer for a more traditional CISC instruction set , the Motorola 68000 .
The Compiler The compiler used in FastForth looks very much like a traditional indirect threaded Forth .
However , it lays down opcodes which call ( via BSR or JSR instructions ) lower level words , rather than a list of addresses for NEXT to interpret .
For example , the traditional word is defined as follows : : L SCR F@ LIST ;
In an indirect - threaded 32 - bit Forth , the compiler would build the header for L .
This would be followed by a four byte address for the code to be executed to interpret the word .
The code field address is followed by a four byte address for each of the three words called out in the source .
This would be followed by the address of the exit code , laid down by the compiler directive ; .
In a BSR / JSR threaded Forth , the compiler lays down BSR s ( " branch to subroutine " ) or JSR s ( " jump to subroutine " ) , as appropriate , to the words called out .
The return code consists of an RTS instruction .
The result may or may not be smaller than the indirect threaded version , but it certainly will be faster .
Whether the result is smaller or not depends on the mix of short BSR s ( two bytes ) , long BSR s ( four bytes ) and JSR s ( six bytes ) laid down at compile time .
One optimization discussed in Life in the FastForth Lane to examine the last instruction of a word .
If it is a BSR or JSR , that instruction can be twiddled to produce a BRA or JMP instruction .
Another optimization is to lay down inline code instead of calls .
This is particularly beneficial when calling short words ( e.g. F@ ) from a distance which would require a JSR instruction .
Not only does the technique save time at run time ( by eliminating a call and an RTS instruction ) , but it may reduce the size of words .
One circumstance where this technique does not save space is where a four byte word is copied in line to a location which would have required a short , two byte , BSR .
Variables , constants and user variables in FastForth are immediate words which compile in line code , often a six - byte reference .
With these optimizations , the compiler produces the following for the sample word shown above : Item JSR / BSR Indirect Threaded code field 0 bytes Four bytes SCR Six bytes laid down in line Four bytes f@ Four bytes laid down in line Four bytes LIST Two , four or six bytes of BRA or JMP
Four bytes exit code 0 bytes Four bytes Total 16 , maximum 20 bytes
The total is sixteen bytes at most , compared to a firm twenty bytes for the indirect threaded version .
So the JSR / BSR version may be smaller , but certainly will be much faster !
Two more typical Forth optimizations are common and wo n't be discussed very much .
If a phrase shows up a lot in a Forth program , it is common practice for the programmer to consolidate that phrase in a word , with a meaningful name .
This is optimizing for readability and dictionary size , rather than speed .
The second is to reduce words from high level to assembler .
This requires the active intervention of the programmer , and the results are well worth it in terms of speed , and often worthwhile in terms of space .
Alas , such optimizations only improve readability for those who know the relevant assembly language ( and , sometimes , the relevant assembler ) , leaving the code more opaque to those without those skills .
The Optimizer Design
An optimizer for inline code should be a single pass optimizer , to be consistent with Forth 's traditional single pass compiler .
This would make difficult , for example , replacing long forward branches with short ones on the fly , but would result in much simpler code in the compiler .
It must , then , operate at compile time , and so must consist of immediate words .
The optimizer should be an add on , so that the user could add to the optimizer if he wished to .
However , it should also be carried over to the cross compiler so as to produce a very efficient nucleus .
The optimizer should work silently , as far as the user is concerned .
That is , it should require no changes in source code to be useful .
This requirement separates out the optimizing compiler from the two common optimizing methods described above .
Initially , the optimizer word could be developed as a series of discrete words , but these would be replaced by one or more defining words and their daughter words .
One key to single pass optimization during compilation is to have immediate words which examine previously compiled opcodes , and twiddle certain ones to produce tighter code .
Another key is to look for certain phrases which can easily be detected and easily twiddled .
We could look for the phrase BLK F@ , which shows up all over the nucleus , and optimize that .
Instead , let us generalize , and look for phrases of the general type : < USER VARIABLE > F@
To detail this example : a user variable is an immediate word , which lays down the following phrase : < offset > &[ U AR0 MOV , AR0 S -[ MOV , Translated into English , the first instruction moves data from a user variable indicated by an offset from the user area register ( U ) , to address register 0 .
The second pushes it out onto the stack .
The result , examined in memory as word data , looks like : | 41 EE | < offset > | 2708 |
If the next word in the source code is and it is immediate , it can look at here - less - 6 for the opcode 41 EE .
Finding it , it can twiddle the dictionary to produce the following code : < offset > &[ U AR0 MOV , AR0 [ S -[ MOV ,
This produces the following memory dump : | 41 EE | < offset > | 2710 |
The first instruction still moves the contents of the user variable into the address register , but the second instruction now reads data from the location pointed to by the register , and pushes it onto the data stack .
The phrase < USER VARIABLE >
F@ is now executed in two instructions instead of the previous four , and occupies six bytes instead of the previous ten .
And the optimizer works for all user variables , even ones not defined at the time the optimizer is compiled .
Other two word phrases were similarly identified and optimized , and some three word phrases were also identified and optimized .
As each phrase was identified , a defining word was built up , consisting of nested IF ... ELSE ... THEN clauses .
The resultant words are monsters , and must be thoroughly understood by the programmer who seeks to modify them .
In these two respects , they are unForthish , but the gain obtained by using them is worth the price .
These words must all be state smart .
As they will run either at run time or at compile time , they must examine STATE and act accordingly .
The action at run time is , of course , to execute their namesakes .
Hence in the run time portion of the defining words , the phrase STATE F@ IF ...
ELSE @EXECUTE THEN .
In order for that phrase to work correctly , we must have the runtime address of the namesake in the dictionary .
We require the namesake to be explicitly stated , ' it and comma the address into memory .
This is accomplished by the phrase SMUDGE - FIND
IF DROP , ELSE 0 ERROR THEN
SMUDGE
( It is possible to dispense with the necessity for naming the namesake word by playing with the contents of the user variable IN ( > IN to neo and mezoforthrights ) .
The implementation will be left as an exercise for the student .
It was not implemented to save space in the dictionary , not because the author was lazy . )
Another general caveat is that the optimizer must not optimize across branch terminations .
While it might be acceptable to optimize the phrase FOO F@ , the phrase FOO THEN F@ is not readily optimized .
As THEN is an immediate word , and leaves nothing in the dictionary where the optimizer can detect its passage , we must redefine it to leave a flag .
This is done on screen 585 .
This is why the run time portions of our optimizers examine the variable immediately after they examine STATE .
Two defining words have been produced .
UNARY is used to optimize words which are unary operators .
That is , they take one item from the stack and operate on it , leaving one or zero items on the stack .
BINARY is for words which take two items on the stack , and leave one .
For examples of daughter words , see screen 589 .
The Implementation With the basic concepts laid down , we can expand our optimizer in three ways .
We can add new defining words , for new classes of optimizers .
We can add new daughter words to the existing defining words .
We can add new capabilities and , if needed , new parameters , to the existing defining words and their daughter words .
The last method of extension is how the optimizer words were produced in the first place .
The programmer started out with a default action ( compile the namesake , as usual ) , and one test and one action for a desired condition .
As new phrases were con sidered for optimization , the nesting of IF ... ELSE ... THEN clauses continued apace .
This methodology allowed for incremental testing of the words under development .
Screen 590 shows a test for the binary operator .
The test is done by compiling two words .
One is a code definition , consisting of the desired output for the compiler .
The other is a test high level word which exercises the optimizer .
Screens 591 and 592 , not shown , contain the target defining word and daughter words .
The last two lines of the screen compare the two words and disassemble \decompile them both automatically as part of the compilation process .
These two tests almost instantly indicate problem areas with words under development .
Automated testing of compiler output in this manner allowed very fast , reliable development of the optimizers , and was essential to the success of the project .
Once the basics of the optimizing code have been worked out , it remains only to incrementally add functions to analyze the code and handle the phrases where optimization is desired .
Selecting Phrases for Optimization
If you have your own target compiler and nucleus source , the best way to optimize all possible applications is to improve the nucleus .
Anything that improves BLOCK will improve words that call BLOCK .
So as FastForth was developed , optimizers were added to the target compiler as well as to the FastForth environment .
The choice of phrases to optimize reflects an effort to improve the nucleus first , with improvements elsewhere secondary .
As noted , the phrase < USER VARIABLE >
F@ shows up all over the nucleus .
Similarly , < USER VARIABLE > F! , < USER VARIABLE > OFF , and < USER VARIABLE >
1 +! .
The optimizations of and were primary , with the others secondary .
These are the phrases to be optimized by the optimizer defining word UNARY on screens 586 and 587 .
These words also operate with variables and often with constants .
Both variables and constants compile to in line literals , either in the form of < value > @ #L S -[ MOV , or in the form of < value > # DR7 MOVQ , DR7 S -[ MOV , for literals in the range of ( hex ) - 80 to 7 F .
However , since most variables and constants used as variables will be long values , it is essential to detect long literals , with short ones a possible addition for the student .
The long literal form compiles into : < value > @#L S -[ MOV , After manipulation by F@ , the code should look like this : < value > @#L AR0 MOV , AR0 [ S -[ MOV , After manipulation by F ! , the code should look like this : < value > @ #L AR0 MOV , S [+ AR0 [ MOV , This means that the code in UNARY will twiddle the literal 's opcode to change its destination , and lay down a new instruction .
Since the instruction will vary with the word being compiled , this must be provided as an operand to each optimizer as it is compiled .
This instance is handled on screen 587 , lines three and four .
With nuclear optimization in mind , the phrase < USER VARIBALE > F@
F@ is handled as well .
This phrase shows up in places that affect compiler speed , such as in FIND LATEST .
Any applications which use double indirection will benefit .
The next defining word for optimizers is the family of binary words .
These are words which prior to optimization take two operands from the stack and return one .
These are + , - , etc , as indicated on screen 589 .
In code they take the form : S [+ DR7 MOV , DR7 S [ < opcode > , NEXT
If we can detect literals and user variables , and see to it that their contents are left in DR7 , we can them compile the appropriate opcode to complete the operation , saving a push to and a pop from the data stack .
For example , adding a byte literal to the top of the stack becomes : < value > # DR7 MOVQ , DR7 S [ ADD , Similarly , adding the contents of a user variable to the top of the stack goes from : < user variable >
U &[ DR0 MOV , DR0 S -[ MOV ,
S [+ DR7 MOV , DR7 S [ ADD , to : < user variable >
U &[ S [ ADD , This optimization gets rid of three instructions , and produces an optimization of fewer instructions than original source words .
Not bad for not being an example of Moorish architecture .
To return to the original example , an updated table taking into account the optimizer is as follows : Item JSR / BSR w/ Optimizer Indirect Threaded code field 0 bytes Four bytes SCR Part of a four byte instruction laid down in line Four bytes F@ The rest of the four byte instruction Four bytes LIST Two , four or six bytes of BRA or JMP
Four bytes exit code 0 bytes Four bytes Total 10 bytes , maximum 20 bytes Comparison : Traditional Compilers
A conceptually simple but very powerful Forth code optimizer can be had in five screens , less than two pages .
One has problems imagining a traditional compiler with optimization occupying so small a source code space .
Also , one has a hard time imagining the likes of AT&T or Microsoft releasing source for their compilers .
And you do n't have to call a 900 number to get support .
Furthermore , the optimizer presented here is a complete unit , and can be removed from the FastForth environment without any changes except , of course , in the size and speed of the generated code .
It is dependent only upon the nature of the target processor .
Additional phrases may be selected for optimization by the user , who need only add them to the compiler , in the traditional Forth manner .
Eventually , a diminishing return of better speed and code size must be offset against development time and costs .
Unlike the traditional compiler , this tradeoff may be made by the end user , the application programmer , if he wishes .
In fine Forth tradition , the application programmer may modify the compiler to suit his application , rather than the traditional methodology of modifying the application to fit the compiler 's procrustean bed .
Indeed , the very notion of an application programmer having the ability to modify his compiler is a heresy to the ayatollahs of traditional computing .
Conclusions
The FastForth code optimizer produces fast , efficient code .
It is easy to understand , and readily modified by the end user .
It is very powerful , and conceptually very simple .
Indeed , anyone reasonably familiar with the instruction set of his target processor and the inner workings of his Forth can write one .
Like Forth itself , it makes an abattoir of the sacred cows of computing .
Availability
In the best Forth tradition , the code is released to the public domain .
Enjoy it in good health .
FastForth for the Atari ST , including the above code , may be had in alpha release from the author .
Please consult the author for the current state of documentation , etc. Charles Curley is a long time Forth nuclear guru .
When not working on computers he teaches firearms safety and personal self defense .
His forthcoming book , Polite Society , covers federal and state firearms legislation in layman terms .
Charles Curley
http://www.charlescurley.com
0 ( optimizers for : defs ( 22 3 92 CRC 11:05 ) 1 BASE F@ HEX 2 0 VARIABLE OPT ( not particularly re-entrant ! ) 3 4 : THEN HERE OPT F ! [ COMPILE ] THEN ; IMMEDIATE 5 6 : BEGIN HERE OPT F! [ COMPILE ] BEGIN ; IMMEDIATE 7 8 : OPGET ( addr ct --- | get operand ct bytes from addr ) 9 + W@ ; 10 11 12 --> 13 14 15 Scr # 586 0 ( optimizers : unary ( 15 4 92 CRC 8:37 ) 1 : UNARY CREATE SMUDGE -FIND IF DROP , ELSE 0 ERROR THEN 2 SMUDGE W , W , W , IMMEDIATE 3 DOES > STATE F@ ( only if compiling ... )
4 IF HERE OPT F@ - ( not following a begin ) 5 IF HERE 6 - W@ 273C = ( following a literal ? ) 6 IF 4 OPGET HERE 6 - W ! ( yyy ** @#l xxx , ) 7 ELSE HERE 2 - W@ 2708 = ( arO s -[ mov , eg user ) 8 IF - 2 ALLOT HERE 4 - W@ 41 EE = ( user variable ? ) 9 IF 6 OPGET HERE 4 - W! ( yyy u ** &[ xxx , ) 10 ELSE 8 OPGET W , THEN [ ( yyy ar0 [ xxx , ) 11 --> 12 13 14 15 Scr # 587 0 ( optimizers : unary ( 21 4 92 CRC 8:15 ) 1 ] ELSE HERE 4Ä W@ 272E = ( user f@ optimize ) 2 IF 206E HERE 4 - W! 8 OPGET W , 3 ELSE HERE 6 - W@ 2739 = ( literal f@ optimize ) 4 IF 2079 HERE 6 - W! 8 OPGET W , 5 ELSE F@ < COMP > THEN THEN THEN THEN 6 ELSE F@ < COMP > THEN ( following br resolution ) 7 ELSE @EXECUTE THEN ; ( not compi1ing ) 8 9 10 : BINARY CREATE SMUDGE -FIND IF DROP , ELSE 0 ERROR THEN 11 SMUDGE W , W , IMMEDIATE 12 DOES > STATE F@ [ ( only if compiling ... ) 13 --> 14 15 fastForth on Atari ST ( c ) 1985 - 92 by Charles Curley Tuesday
6/10/92 11:20:08 Scr # 588 0 ( binary defining word ( 21 4 92 CRC 8:15 ) 1 ]
IF HERE OPT F@ - ( not following a begin ) 2 IF HERE 4 - C@ 70 = ( byte literal ? ) 3 IF HERE 4 - E TOGGLE ( xx # dr7 moveq , ) 4 - 2 ALLOT 4 OPGET W , ( dr7 s [ xxx , ) 5 ELSE HERE 6 - W@ 273C = ( large literal ? )
6 IF 6 OPGET HERE 6 - W ! ( yy # 1 s [ xxx , ) 7 ELSE HERE 4 - W@ 272E = ( user f@ ?? ) 8 IF HERE 4 - 9 TOGGLE 4 OPGET W , ( ofuser s [ add ) 9 ELSE HERE 6 - W@ 2739 = ( literal f@ ?? ) 10 IF HERE 6 - 9 TOGGLE 4 OPGET W , ( lit dr7 mov , ) 11 ELSE F@ < COMP > THEN THEN THEN THEN 12 ELSE F@ < COMP > THEN ( following br resolution ) 13 ELSE @EXECUTE THEN ; ( not compiling ) 14 --> 15 Scr # 589 0 ( daughter words ( 20 4 92 CRC 13:22 ) 1 ( opget 8 6 4 ) 2 5290 52 AE 52B9 UNARY 1 +! 1 +! 3 4290 42 AE 42B9 UNARY OFF OFF 4 209B 2D5B 23DB UNARY F! F! 5 2710 272E 2739 UNARY F@ F@ 6 7 ( 1.w. lit byte lit ) 8 693 DF93 BINARY + + 9 493 9F93 BINARY - - 10 93 8F93 BINARY OR OR 11 293 CF93 BINARY AND AND 12 A93 BF93 BINARY XOR XOR 13 BASE F!
14 15 Scr # 590 0 \ test area for macro mods ( 21 4 92 CRC 7:08 ) 1 DEBUG FORTH DEFINITIONS FORGET TASK 2 : TASK ; BASE F@ >R HEX 3 : ?
LEN : [ COMPILE ] ' 2 - W? ; 4 0 VARIABLE SNARK 5 CODE FOO ofuser fld dr7 mov , dr7 s [ and , 6 snark @#l dr7 mov , dr7 s [ and , 7 7 f # dr7 movq , dr7 s [ and , 8 ffff # 1 s [ and , 9 NEXT ;C 10 11 1 2 +THRU 12 : BAR fld f@ and snark f@ and 7f and ffff and ; 13 14 R > BASE F! EDITOR FLUSH ?CR ?LEN : FOO ?LEN : BAR 15 ' FOO DUP 2 - W@ ' BAR EDITOR - CITEXT .
UN : BAR UN : FOO ;S fastForth on Atari ST ( c ) 1985 - 92 by Charles Curley Tuesday 6/10/92 11:20:14
Refactoring an ActiveRecord callback
Inspired by a few articles and pesentations ( 1 2 3 4 ) , I decided it was time to cleanup some of the logic in my Post model related to a particular ActiveRecord callback .
The fact that I needed some comments to explain what it is doing should be a red flag .
before_validation :update_published_at_if_necessary def published ?
self .
is _published == true end def unpublished ?
!
published ?
end protected # Ensure that published_at is set accordingly .
# # * Unpublished posts should not have this set # * Published posts should have it set to the current time def update_published_at_if_necessary if new_record ?
&& published ?
&& published_at .
nil ?
self .
published_at =
Time .
now end if !
published ?
&& !
published_at . nil ?
self .
published_at = nil end end
Fortunately , I have tests in place that excercise this logic , so as long as my tests are passing , the refactorings must work ( hopefully ! ) .
My first impression is that the callback is doing too much work .
Let ’s split it up into two pieces .
before_validation :set_published_at_to_now_if_necessary before_validation :unset_published_at_if_necessary protected def set_published_at_to_now_if_necessary if new_record ?
&& published ?
&& published_at .
nil ?
self .
published_at =
Time .
now end end def unset_published_at_if_necessary if !
published ?
&& !
published_at . nil ?
self .
published_at = nil end end
That ’s somewhat better .
At least the methods are more focused .
Hmm , I probably do n’t need to check the existing published _at value when something is n’t published .
I can also make use of unpublished ?
def unset_published_at_if_necessary if unpublished ?
self .
published_at = nil end end
I would do something similar for set_published_at_if_necessary , but I do n’t want to override the published _at if it was explicitly set .
Maybe I post something in the future , or past .
I go a little crazy sometimes with that .
I could probably simplify the conditional logic in set_published_at_if_necessary by making a new method .
protected def set_published_at_to_now_if_necessary if new_published_post_without_published_at ?
self .
published_at = Time .
now end end def new_published_post_without_published_at ?
new_record ?
&& published ?
&& published_at . nil ?
end
Having if_necessary into the method names are kind of bugging me .
before_filter supports : if and : unless options , so we should use those , and remove the conditionals from the callback methods .
before_validation :set_published_at_to_now , :if => :new_published_post_without_published_at ?
before_validation :unset_published_at , : if => :unpublished ?
protected def set_published_at_to_now self .
published_at =
Time .
now end def unset_published _at self .
published_at = nil end
Looking good .
Looking pretty , pretty good .
Let ’s see the finished product :
before_validation :set_published_at_to_now , :if => :new_published_post_without_published_at ?
before_validation :unset_published_at , : if => :unpublished ?
def published ?
self .
is _published == true end def unpublished ?
!
published ?
end protected def set_published_at_to_now self .
published_at =
Time .
now end def unset_published _at self .
published_at = nil end def new_published_post_without_published_at ?
new_record ?
&& published ?
&& published_at . nil ?
end
I ’m pretty happy with this .
Reads really well .
Some of the methods have kind of long names , but I can deal with that .
Pneumonoultramicroscopicsilicovolcanosconiosis is a type of lung disease .
Pneumoconiosis , also called black lung or coal - miners disease , is different , but is estimated to be the cause of death for 1,500 U.S. coal miners .
Besides being bizarre , words like these can be largely informative .
The top scientific and mathematical words and laws judging off of complexity can transpire into a largely personal - opinion - oriented endeavor .
Astute denizens of cyberspace expounded on a list of some semi-rare and contentious terms and classified them into an “ organized mess . ”
1. Borborgymus - The technical word for stomach growling .
2. Paneity -
The state of being bread .
3. Bordism -
The study of boundaries .
4. Frivolous Theorem of Arithmetic ( highly controversial ) – Says that almost all natural numbers are very , very , very large .
5 . The Law of Truly Large numbers – Says that with a large enough sample , any outrageous thing is likely to happen .
6. Smegma- A combination of exfoliated ( shed ) epithelial cells , skin oils , and moisture , and can accumulate under the foreskin of males and within the vulva of females .
7. Heisenberg 's Uncertainty Principle - Says that that locating a particle in a small region of space makes the velocity of the particle uncertain and that measuring the velocity of a particle precisely makes the position uncertain .
8. Depliation - Intentional removal of hair using mechanical or chemical means .
9. Petabyte- 2 to the power of 50 or 1,125,899,906,842,624 .
10 . Carnallite - Is the word for KMgCl3•6H2O , an evaporite mineral used for potassium fertilizers as an ore .
11 . Draculin- The anticoagulant factor in vampire bat saliva .
12 . Betweenanene ( Screwene ) - Molecules which have a trans double bond shared between two cycloalkanes .
13 . Vernix caseosa- The waxy , white substance found coating the skin of newborn humans .
14 . Fibonacci sequence - A sequence of numbers , the first being zero , the second number is one , and each subsequent number is equal to the sum of the previous two numbers of the sequence itself .
15 . Dendrochronology -
The dating of past events ( climatic changes ) through study of tree ring growth .
Students at a South Bronx middle school have pulled off a stunning boycott against standardized testing .
More than 160 students in six different classes at Intermediate School 318 in the South Bronx - virtually the entire eighth grade - refused to take last Wednesday 's three - hour practice exam for next month 's statewide social studies test .
Instead , the students handed in blank exams .
Then they submitted signed petitions with a list of grievances to school Principal Maria Lopez and the Department of Education .
" We 've had a whole bunch of these diagnostic tests all year , " Tatiana Nelson , 13 , one of the protest leaders , said Tuesday outside the school .
" They do n't even count toward our grades .
The school system 's just treating us like test dummies for the companies that make the exams . "
According to the petition , they are sick and tired of the " constant , excessive and stressful testing " that causes them to " lose valuable instructional time with our teachers . "
School administrators blamed the boycott on a 30 - year - old probationary social studies teacher , Douglas Avella .
The afternoon of the protest , the principal ordered Avella out of the classroom , reassigned him to an empty room in the school and ordered him to have no further contact with students .
A few days later , in a reprimand letter , Lopez accused Avella of initiating the boycott and taking " actions [ that ] caused a riot at the school . "
The students say their protest was entirely peaceful .
In only one class , they say , was there some loud clapping after one exam proctor reacted angrily to their boycott .
This week , Lopez notified Avella in writing that he was to attend a meeting today for " your end of the year rating and my possible recommendation for the discontinuance of your probationary service . "
SCROLL TO CONTINUE WITH CONTENT Never Miss a Beat .
Get our best delivered to your inbox .
" They 're saying Mr. Avella made us do this , " said Johnny Cruz , 15 , another boycott leader .
" They do n't think we have brains of our own , like we 're robots .
We students wanted to make this statement .
The school is oppressing us too much with all these tests . "
Two days after the boycott , the students say , the principal held a meeting with all the students to find out how their protest was organized .
Avella on Tuesday denied that he urged the students to boycott tests .
Yes , he holds liberal views and is critical of the school system 's increased emphasis on standardized tests , Avella said , but the students decided to organize the protest after weeks of complaining about all the diagnostic tests the school was making them take .
" My students know they are welcome in my class to have open discussions , " Avella said .
" I teach them critical thinking . "
" Some teachers implied our graduation ceremony would be in danger , that we did n't have the right to protest against the test , " said Tia Rivera , 14 .
" Well , we did it . "
Lopez did not return calls for comment .
" This guy was far over the line in a lot of the ways he was running his classroom , " said Department of Education spokesman David Cantor .
" He was pulled because he was inappropriate with the kids .
He was giving them messages that were inappropriate . "
Several students defended Avella .
They say he had made social studies an exciting subject for them .
" Now they 've taken away the teacher we love only a few weeks before our real state exam for social studies , " Tatiana Nelson said .
" How does that help us ? "
jgonzalez@nydailynews.com
© 2008 The New York Daily News
Grab the OGG Theora file ( 46 mb )
Chris made this video of our latest level .
We ’re frantically finishing off as much as we can , adding …
Tailwhip , ( thanks to William for the corporate video production and the 2D animation )
Sheep that can bounce , explode , drown .
Loop the loops
Continuing level design
Additions to Sheep and Frankie logic
Effects and pickups
enjoy !
On 12 May 2008 , Irena Sendlerowa ( commonly known as Irena Sendler ) passed away of pneumonia at the age of 98 in Warsaw .
Her death prompted the circulation of an online message aimed at informing the many people who remained unfamiliar with her heroic deeds during the Holocaust :
There recently was a death of a 98 year old lady named Irena .
During WWII , Iliana , got permission to work in the Warsaw Ghetto .
She had an ulterior motive …
She KNEW what the Nazi ’s plans were for the Jews .
Iliana smuggled infants out in the bottom of her tool box she carried , and she carried in the back of her truck a Burlap sack , ( for larger kids ) .
She also had a dog in the back , that she trained to bark when the Nazi soldiers let her in , and out of the ghetto .
The soldiers of course wanted nothing to do with the dog , and the barking covered the kids / infants noises .
During her time and course of doing this , she managed to smuggle out and save 2500 kids / infants .
She was caught , and the Nazi ’s broke both her legs , and arms , and beat her severely .
Iliana kept a record of the names of all the kids she smuggled out , and kept them in a glass jar , buried under a tree in her back yard .
After the war , she tried to locate any parents that may have survived it , and reunited the family .
Most of course had been gassed .
Those kids she helped got placed into foster family homes , or adopted .
Last year Iliana was up for the Nobel Peace Prize … .
She LOST .
Al Gore won , for a slide show on Global Warming .
Check it out : www.irenasendler.org
Irena has often been referred to as “ the female Oskar Schindler ” in her native Poland for her daring and ingenuity in saving the lives of more than 2,500 Jews ( most of them children ) in German - occupied Poland during World War II .
Unlike Oskar Schindler , whose story was the subject of the Academy Award - winning 1993 film Schindler ’s List , Irena Sendler was a relatively unknown figure to the world at large until 1999 , when four Kansas high school students wrote and performed “ Life in a Jar , ” a play about Irena ’s life - saving efforts in the Warsaw Ghetto :
A Los Angeles Times obituary for Irena described how the Polish social worker passed herself off as a nurse to sneak supplies and aid into ( and children out of ) the Warsaw Ghetto , and the punishment she endured when she was finally caught by the Nazis :
She studied at Warsaw University and was a social worker in Warsaw when the German occupation of Poland began in 1939 .
In 1940 , after the Nazis herded Jews into the ghetto and built a wall separating it from the rest of the city , disease , especially typhoid , ran rampant .
Social workers were not allowed inside the ghetto , but Sendler , imagining “ the horror of life behind the walls , ” obtained fake identification and passed herself off as a nurse , allowed to bring in food , clothes and medicine .
By 1942 , when the deadly intentions of the Nazis had become clear , Sendler joined a Polish underground organization , Zegota .
She recruited 10 close friends — a group that would eventually grow to 25 , all but one of them women — and began rescuing Jewish children .
She and her friends smuggled the children out in boxes , suitcases , sacks and coffins , sedating babies to quiet their cries .
Some were spirited away through a network of basements and secret passages .
Operations were timed to the second .
One of Sendler ’s children told of waiting by a gate in darkness as a German soldier patrolled nearby .
When the soldier passed , the boy counted to 30 , then made a mad dash to the middle of the street , where a manhole cover opened and he was taken down into the sewers and eventually to safety .
Most of the children who left with Sendler ’s group were taken into Roman Catholic convents , orphanages and homes and given non-Jewish aliases .
Sendler recorded their true names on thin rolls of paper in the hope that she could reunite them with their families later .
She preserved the precious scraps in jars and buried them in a friend ’s garden .
In 1943 , she was captured by the Nazis and tortured but refused to tell her captors who her co-conspirators were or where the bottles were buried .
She also resisted in other ways .
According to Felt , when Sendler worked in the prison laundry , she and her co-workers made holes in the German soldiers ’ underwear .
When the officers discovered what they had done , they lined up all the women and shot every other one .
It was just one of many close calls for Sendler .
During one particularly brutal torture session , her captors broke her feet and legs , and she passed out .
When she awoke , a Gestapo officer told her he had accepted a bribe from her comrades in the resistance to help her escape .
The officer added her name to a list of executed prisoners .
Sendler went into hiding but continued her rescue efforts .
Felt said that Sendler had begun her rescue operation before she joined the organized resistance and helped a number of adults escape , including the man she later married .
“ We think she saved about 500 people before she joined Zegota , ” Felt said , which would mean that Sendler ultimately helped rescue about 3,000 Polish Jews .
When the war ended , Sendler unearthed the jars and began trying to return the children to their families .
For the vast majority , there was no family left .
Many of the children were adopted by Polish families ; others were sent to Israel .
Irena Sendler is often claimed to have been a candidate to receive the 2007 Nobel Peace Prize , but that honor was not awarded to her .
It ’s not possible to state categorically that she was “ nominated ” for the award , since information about Nobel Prize “ nominations , investigations , and opinions is kept secret for fifty years . ”
( Since 1974 the statutes of the Nobel Foundation have stated that “ work produced by a person since deceased shall not be considered for an award , ” so she presumably could not be subsequently honored . )
In 2007 , the Nobel Peace Prize was awarded jointly to the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change and former U.S. Vice - President Albert Arnold ( Al ) Gore Jr. “ for their efforts to build up and disseminate greater knowledge about man-made climate change , and to lay the foundations for the measures that are needed to counteract such change . ”
( Al Gore was also involved with another significant award in 2007 , when An Inconvenient Truth , a documentary about his campaign to make the issue of global warming a recognized problem worldwide , claimed an Academy Award as “ Best Documentary Feature . ” )
The International Federation of Social Workers ( IFSW ) expressed its disappointment that Irena Sendler had not yet been honored with a Nobel Prize :
Death by Taser is increasing , and as the safety of the Taser is being debated , how do Americans protect themselves against a weapon the police believe ( maybe ) is safe , while testing proves it ’s not , especially when wielded by police officers that use it as an instrument of torture .
Most cases are n’t that extreme , however , the latest in the news is , and even in CNN ’s article , the contradictions are striking - and no matter who dies , the police still attempt to defend themselves by claiming it ’s safe - while the evidence proves it is n’t :
Ex-cop may be charged in case of man Tasered to death From Drew Griffin and David Fitzpatrick WINNFIELD , Louisiana ( CNN ) —
A police officer shocked a handcuffed Baron “ Scooter ” Pikes nine times with a Taser after arresting him on a cocaine charge .
He stopped twitching after seven , according to a coroner ’s report .
Soon afterward , Pikes was dead .
Now the officer , since fired , could end up facing criminal charges in Pikes ’ January death after medical examiners ruled it a homicide .
Dr. Randolph Williams , the Winn Parish coroner , told CNN the 21 - year - old sawmill worker was jolted so many times by the 50,000 - volt Taser that he might have been dead before the last two shocks were delivered .
Much More
After reading the first few paragraphs , it seems obvious that this was a homicide , and a suspect that was handcuffed was brutally “ Tased ” until he was dead ; I doubt the officer planned on murdering his victim , but operating under the mistaken claim that Tasers are safe , it ’s obvious the officer , if not attempting murder , was using the Taser to torture his victim .
No matter how you look at it , a crime occurred and the officer in question was fired and may face charges .
Knowing that , if you read further into the article , one statement stands out , and it ’s almost absurd that the police would say something this outrageous after reading the factual evidence at the beginning of the article :
But Winnfield police Lt. Chuck Curry said race “ is n’t an issue at all ” in the matter .
“ This has come down to a police officer that was trying to apprehend a suspect that they had warrants for , ” he said .
“ He done what he thought he was trained to do to bring that subject into custody .
At some point , something happened with his body that caused him to go into cardiac arrest or whatever . ”
The statement is utterly absurd after you read the complete story , however , the police are relying on the Taser ’s manufacturer who claims it ’s safe , therefore , whether the evidence contradicts that fact - the police continue to use these devices because they can - and also “ Curry said Taser International , the device ’s manufacturer , indicates that “ multiple Tasings do not affect a person . ”
The statement by Taser International that states “ multiple Tasings do not affect a person ” has been proven to be incorrect , however , Taser International is a huge corporation , and like anything that involves huge sums of money , they have their own lobbyists to thwart the investigations and safety tests that prove the Taser is an extremely dangerous weapon .
If you visit Taser International ’s website , I ’m sure you ’ll be struck with the irony of the first three words on their site : TASER - Protect Life . ( sic )
Taser International can hire all the lobbyists they want , but that does n’t change the fact that Tasers are dangerous , and under the right ( or wrong ) circumstances , this new “ weapon ” does not save lives , it takes them - and the next one could be you or a close family member .
The controversy is beginning to heat - up , and now there ’s a site on the Internet which exclusively points - out the danger of the Taser , STAT !
Stop Taser Abuse Today :
Taser Factsheet TASERS KILL
Despite manufacturer ’s label of “ less - lethal , ” tasers have been involved in close to 250 deaths .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3 | 4
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Transcript :
Hey guys , this is John .
I ’m an Internet marketing consultant with WebFX , and today we ’re going to talk about the top three conversion rate optimization tools that I like to use , and some quick ways that you can apply them today .
https://youtu.be/2gqwXtdLGw4
Okay , so what we ’re going to do is we ’re going to look [… ]
If you find this site useful , would you make a donation ?
Donate with Paypal Donate Bitcoins !
New Bitcoin address !
19eF3ZDU48e9LwFD5CvXfTFy1xfGQQK24b
News and commentary round - up on Ayn Rand
04 Jan 2013
Wendy McElroy
News and commentary round - up on Ayn Rand
01 Dec 2012
Wendy McElroy
Alert ! Atlas Shrugged Part 2 is opening Friday
10 Oct 2012
Wendy McElroy
Atlas Shrugged Part 2 is opening in 900 + theaters across the nation this Friday .
News and commentary round - up on Ayn Rand
06 Jul 2012
Wendy McElroy
Recent news and commentary about Rand
29 May 2012
Wendy McElroy
Recent news and commentary about Rand
01 May 2012
Wendy McElroy
News and commentary round - up on Ayn Rand
31 Mar 2012
Wendy McElroy
Heads Up ! Premier of the Prophecy of Atlas Shrugged
11 Jan 2012
Wendy McElroy
Recent news and commentary about Rand
15 Dec 2011
Wendy McElroy
Recent news and commentary about Rand
16 Nov 2011
Wendy McElroy
Proclaim your ifeminism !
Shop Proclaim your ifeminism !
Shop the ifeminists store at CafePress .
T - shirts , tote bags , and more !
News Main News Page
· RSS 1 News Feed
· RSS 2 News Feed
Home FAQ Ifeminism FAQ
· Website FAQ
Articles Editorials
· Guest Commentary
· Provocation
· Introduction
· Exclusive
Archive Commentary from 2006
· Commentary from 2005
· Commentary from 2004
· Commentary from 2003
· Commentary from 2002
· Commentary from 2001
· Provocation
Forum Libertarian Discussion ( off- site )
Search Contact Us WendyMcElroy.com
Password :
Remember me
[ Signup ]
[ Forgot password ? ]
[ Resend Activation Email ]
Username : Password : Remember me
on Sunday 11 May 2008
by Wendy McElroy
It has become commonplace to hear that feminism is dead .
I do n't know if that 's true but I do know that feminism 's best hope ... maybe its only hope of becoming relevant again ... lies in listening to the voices of men demanding justice , the sort of men you 'll hear speaking this afternoon .
When they speak , their voices sound similar to those of women in the 60's when the feminist movement , called Second Wave feminism , swept through our culture like a force of nature and left it changed forever .
The women demanded of men , " Give us equal rights , give us respect . "
Forty years later -- two generations later -- the situation has been reversed .
It is now men , not women , who are protesting against systematic discrimination against their sex .
Even the issues around which the complaints gather are similar to those raised in the '60s .
Men are saying
they are not taken seriously by the police as victims of domestic violence .
Similar to female rape victims from decades ago , society tends to stigmatize and blame men who are victims of spousal abuse .
their health concerns are virtually ignored compared to women 's concerns .
For example , spending on breast cancer has long outstripped prostate research by a 3:1 ratio at the National Institutes of Health even tho ' prostate cancer is deadlier .
the family courts discriminate against men in divorce , especially in matters of child custody and visitation rights .
the widespread rape of men in prison is almost undiscussed as tho it were a matter of no social concern .
The list of specific complaints could scroll on and on .
But , in general , what men are calling for is nothing less than what women demanded and received from men decades ago -- equality under reasonable laws ... and a little bit of respect .
' 60s feminism was a cultural revolution .
And it is no exaggeration to say that another revolution is in progress -- this time led by men .
It is not headed by elite voices or promoted through tax - funded organizations .
It is a grassroots movement , consisting of individuals who have been battered so badly by the system that they are now committing a large of portion of their lives to say " no !
At the risk of being repetitive , let me talk a bit more about grassroots movements .
They are movements that begin with isolated individuals who become outraged with an injustice that affects their lives -- maybe the public school system , minimum sentencing laws , or an encounter with a policeman .
They become so outraged that they say " no " to authority .
They usually begin by saying " no " on a local level , to their school board or city councilors .
But , if the injustice they 're complaining about is widespread , the voices multiply quickly to become a powerful political force .
Perhaps the most powerful political force there exists : the voice of the people .
The typical men's rights activist is the guy in the street -- a man who has lost access to his children after a divorce ; the co-worker has been falsely accused of sexual harassment ; your neighbor who is a victim of domestic violence but who was turned away from the shelters your taxes support because he was male .
The typical women who speaks out for men's rights does so out a commitment to fairness and a concern for the overwhelming majority men in our lives who are decent human beings ... our fathers , brothers , sons ... our friends .
I speak out also from political concern .
The last decades of the 20th century redefined women 's relationship to society and to men .
The first decades of the 21st century will redefine men's relationship .
And , as a woman and a feminist , I want to be in on that process because I think " Justice for Men " is the most important battle within our society today .
I call myself a feminist .
Which raises a question : what kind of feminist am I to be listening to men and be concerned about justice for them ?
The dominant voice of feminism today is what has been called " gender feminism " -- the sort of feminism you 'll see and hear this weekend at National Organization for Women Convention .
And one of the myths that NOW - style feminists have been able to successfully sell is that anyone who disagrees with their approach on almost any issue , from sexual harassment to child custody , is anti-feminist and even anti-woman .
That accusation is absolutely false .
The truth is that there are and there always have been many schools of thought within the feminist tradition : from socialist to individualist , liberal to radical , Christian to Islamic .
And when you think about it , the diversity of opinion makes sense .
After all , if feminism can be defined as the belief that women should be liberated as individuals and equal to men as a class , then it is natural for there to be disagreement and discussion as to what a complex idea like liberation means and how " equality " should be defined .
It would be amazing if all the women who cared about liberation and equality came to exactly the same conclusions are to what they were .
I opened by saying that I did not know if feminism was dead .
But I have no doubt that NOW - style feminism is dead ... and I say " Good riddance ! " NOW - style feminism is dead because it systematically introduced privileges for women into the law , it ignored the just complaints of 50 % of society -- men , it has turned the sexes against each other in the workplace and academia , it demeaned any feminist -- like me , Daphne Patai , Camille Paglia -- who committed the sin of disagreement .
So ... in answer to the question " What kind of feminist am I ? " ... I am an individualist feminist , what is sometimes called an ifeminist .
Individualist feminism is a school of feminism that stretches back to the 1830s to the antislavery movement in the US .... and to Mary Wollstonecraft and classical liberalism in Europe .
It defines liberation for women as the right of every woman to control her own body and property , to make every peaceful choice with her body and property that is possible .
From marriage , to prostitution , to celibacy .
A woman 's body , a woman 's choice .
Individualist feminism defines equality in a simple , straightforward manner .
Every individual -- female / male black / white -- should be treated identically under laws that protect everyone 's person and property equally .
The equal protection of everyone 's right to peacefully choose .
I am going to delve more deeply into theory in a few minutes in order to make clear how individualist feminism and NOW - style feminism differ dramatically in their approach to men but , before doing so , I want to raise just one issue in order to dramatize how thoroughly men have been slighted and dismissed by most feminists ... and by the law .
And that issue is abortion .
Abortion may well be the single most over - discussed , over - debated topic in North America ... but one question is almost never addressed -- " What is the role of men ? "
I am pro-choice : a woman 's body , a woman 's right .
But that does n't mean that I believe men -- the prospective fathers -- are dismissed from the picture .
Saying that the ultimate decision on abortion rests with the pregnant women does n't mean that men are uninvolved and have no role to play or should have no voice .
They are the prospective fathers ; of course , it is an issue of proper concern to them .
My most recent book -- an anthology entitled Liberty for Women that came out last year -- has a lengthy essay on abortion and I made sure it was written by a man ... precisely because men have been silenced on this issue .
What role should men play ?
Well ... Consider one aspect of abortion that deeply impacts them .
If a woman decides to carry a pregnancy to term , then -- under the current system -- the man can be held legally responsible for providing financial support for that child for the next 18 years .
He has no say in the situation .
The woman can decide to become a mother or not .
The man can not opt out of fatherhood .
He has no say ; he has no rights .
And yet , without having any rights , the man has legal responsibilities that extend for almost two decades .
I do n't believe there should be responsibilities without rights .
And , yet , responsibility without rights is what exists today for men in this area .
And , by the way , I repeat that I am pro-choice and I believe it is a woman 's body , a woman 's right .
My purpose in raising this issue is not to suggest that men should have control over a pregnant woman 's body .
That 's not the only alternative .
One option could be the right of a father to relinquish all parental claim and responsibility thus giving him a chance to relinquish fatherhood on the same level as the woman can decide against motherhood .
My main purpose in raising this issue is to provide an example of how men are not included in discussing matters that are of vital concern not only to society but also to their own lives .
Why have men's voices been silenced ?
The explanation returns me to theory and to NOW - style feminism .
In the '60s , Second Wave feminism took off like a rocket for a combination of reasons ...
A new generation of women were dissatisfied with the answers provided by their mothers ; they wanted instead to leave the kitchen and go to work or to universities .
The sexual revolution exploded , due partly to a new birth control method -- the pill -- and women experienced a heady new sexual freedom ; sex ceased to be so tightly linked to pregnancy .
The Vietnam War led an entire generation to question values and to resist authority .
It was a time of social instability ... rather like now with our fear of terrorism , military action , and grassroot discontent .
In 1966 , NOW was founded .
There was anger at men , largely because laws and policies discriminated against women -- for example , the callous manner in which police handled rape complaints from women .
But the anger against men was usually focused on specific issues , like rape , and on specific men , like rapists .
The Second Wave was liberal feminism and it was n't anti-male -- tho ' , certainly , those voices were there as well .
But the early and more liberal NOW welcomed men , like Warren Farrell and the actor Alan Alda , both of whom became symbols of the enlightened man .
The focus tended to be on women 's liberation NOT the need to disempower men .
At the same time , another strain of feminism advanced as well -- gender feminism ... sometimes called radical feminism .
A key book in the evolution of gender feminism was Simone de Beauvoir 's The Second Sex , which was published in 1953 .
The book was blatantly anti-male .
But much more than this ... it was philosophically , ideologically , politically anti-male .
It was n't just a screed .
The book was an ideological attack heterosexualism and the traditional family as male oppression , claiming that the existing institutions of society were to blame for the subjugation of women .
In order to liberate women , gender feminism began to spin out a revolutionary theory that sought to sweep away of white male culture or patriarchy .
It was men versus women .
You see the difference between liberal and gender feminism here ...
Liberals objected to particular discriminations within society , like hiring practices , and they did n't reject men so much as they wanted men to change .
Gender feminists rejected men -- all men as a class -- because they were oppressor , the enemy of women .
They did n't object to any particular aspect of society ; they objected to it all .
The institutions of society ... such as the family , religion , the law ... had to be deconstructed and then reconstructed to liberate women .
Through a series of events within feminism -- AND I DON'T HAVE TIME TO SKETCH THE HISTORY BUT ONE LARGE FACTOR WAS THE FINAL DEFEAT OF THE EQUAL RIGHTS AMENDMENT IN 1984 -- through a series of events liberal feminism declined in prominence and gender feminism advanced .
In 1973 , feminism had won a tremendous victory in Roe v. Wade and an optimistic movement began to focus very tightly on a fresh effort to pass the Equal Rights Amendment .
In March 1978 , one hundred thousand demonstrators marched on Washington , D.C. in support of the ERA .
Yet , after frustrating extensions and delays , the measure was finally defeated in Congress in 1984 .
The defeat of the ERA was a stunning blow to the liberals within feminism whose voices had dominated .
Not so with radical feminists who had always viewed the ERA as a " Band - Aid " solution .
It served as a confirmation of their position .
And , so , gender feminists offered a new solution to a discouraged movement -- a new political theory based on gender oppression that viewed men as class enemies .
And about 1983 to 1984 , you saw the rise of gender feminism ad it started to dominate the feminist movement in general .
Or , more accurately , liberal feminism began to absorb the theory of gender feminism , to more closer and closer to the gender feminist worldview .
And it is at this point that you see men , like Warren Farrell , becoming disillusioned with feminism -- and NOW in particular -- because of its growing bias against men and all things male .
Farrell quit NOW and the organization turned against him with a vicious passion .
Let me dwell a bit more on theory .
Gender feminism can be defined as the school of feminism that views men and women as separate and politically antagonistic classes .
Men as a class oppress women as a class .
Men oppress women by establishing patriarchy -- or male rule -- and capitalism .
The combination of these two is called " white male culture . "
Everywhere and at every moment , white male culture acts to subjugate women .
Through domestic violence , advertising , pornography , rape , hiring practices , the use of male - dominated language , sexual harassment , through textbooks in public schools , prostitution ... the alleged oppression permeates every aspect of society .
And it amounts to nothing less than a full - fledged gender war .
It is no wonder that the goal of NOW - style feminists who have largely bought into gender theory is NOT equality with men but advantage over them .
They do n't want to be equal to their oppressor ; they want to stop the oppression .
One of the key terms in gender theory is " class " -- men as a class ... that means every man ... oppresses women as a class .
And I want to use the term to illustrate how deeply gender feminism and individualist feminism differ in their approaches to men .
So ... class .
There is nothing inherently wrong with separating the sexes into classes .
Men and women have differences .
Medicine , for example , often separates the sexes .
Women are examined for cervical cancer and men for prostate problems .
But when doctors separate the sexes they do n't claim that the fundamental medical interests of men and women conflict .
The doctors realize both sexes share the same basic biology that requires the same basic approach of nutrition , exercise , oxygen and common sense in terms of lifestyle .
In other words , although medicine separates men and women into separate classes for certain purposes , it does n't deny their shared humanity .
It acknowledges the fundamental truth : men and women are both human beings with common needs to which there are some exceptions due to biology ... again cervical cancer .
By contrast , gender feminism does n't say that men and women share a common humanity and , so , have common political interests , like respect for private property .
It says men and women do not share the same basic human needs -- politically speaking .
This is like a doctor saying the two sexes do not have the same fundamental needs in nutrition and so on .
By contrast , individualist feminism looks at men and women and sees -- first and foremost -- individual human beings with a common , shared humanity .
And , just as men and women share the same basic biological needs , we share the political needs : the same rights and responsibilities .
The most basic human right is to the peaceful enjoyment of our own bodies and of our own property .
The most basic human responsibility is to respect the peaceful decision other people make with their bodies and their property .
To legally tolerate -- if not respect -- the choices of others .
In other words .... the highest political good for both men and women does n't come from their sexuality .
It derives from their being human beings .
Although men and women can be validly sorted into separate classes for all sorts of reasons -- from medicine to marketing strategy -- their basic rights and responsibilities cannot be sorted in that manner .
Because those rights and responsibilities preceded any consideration of sexuality just as they precede any consideration of skin color .
Those are secondary characteristics : sex , skin color , height , ethnicity ...
The primary characteristic is our membership as individuals in the human species .
And THIS , the primary characteristic is where our rights arise .
And laws protecting those rights -- or enforcing those responsibilities -- should make no distinction between men and women .
The law should treat them equally both in terms of its content and of its application ... that is , how the content is interpreted by courts , in police policy , and so forth .
By contrast with gender feminism , you can see how individualist feminism not only embraces the possibility equality with men , the demand for equality is an essential aspect of the ideology .
Privilege for either sex is anathema .
By this definition of feminism -- individualist feminism -- the burning priority today is to remove from the law all privileges and disadvantages that are based on sex .
This includes privileges for women such as affirmative action .
The law must become gender - blind and see only individuals standing before it .
This must occur for the good of women as well as men .
I say " for the good of women " for several reasons .
There can be no peace or goodwill in our society as long as the law treats categories of people differently , as long as 50 % of the population -- men -- are second class citizens .
As well , women must stop relying upon a paternalistic state and privileging laws .
We 've got to stand on our own feet .
Equally , I do n't believe it is ever in the best interests of anyone to oppress another .
The anti-slavery advocates of the early 1800s used to argue that slavery damaged the slave - owned psychologically as much as it did the slave .
And I think there is a great deal of truth to that .
Finally , the men who will benefit from true equality are friends and family -- people whose wellbeing sometimes mean as much to us as our own .
You do n't do a woman any favor when you pass laws that privilege her daughter at the expense of her son .
Happily , I think society is heading toward true equality under the law and the Men 's Movement is just one confirmation of this .
As I said , NOW - style feminism is dead ...
The problem is -- it is still kicking .
It is kicking because , over the last decades , it has embedded privileges for women and inequities under the law into the institutions of society .
And it is going to take hard , sustained work to remove them .
Again , let me give you a concrete illustrate what I 'm talking about when I speak of institutions .
And , in concluding the example , I 'll tell you why I think advocates of equality should be encouraged by it .
Going back again to about 1983 when gender feminism started to ideologically dominate the mainstream of feminism ... a new term became embedded in our culture : sexual harassment .
I should pause to make clear what I mean by sexual harassment .
By sexual harassment I do n't mean unwanted touching , grabbing or any other form of physical aggression .
That 's battery , that 's assault , that 's a crime .
And laws against those crimes have been on the books for many years .
All that was needed decades ago when sexual harassment became a hot issue was have those laws rigorously enforced .
Because physical aggression should be punished .
Instead gender feminists created new law , new policies that , for example , prohibited " a hostile working environment " in which women feel offended by words and other non-violent behavior .
That 's what I mean by the term sexual harassment .
That 's what I mean ... words and non-violent behavior that is considered offensive .
Sexual harassment is a good example of how NOW - style feminism has institutionalized its politics into society for two reasons :
First of all , everyone is familiar with it because sexual harassment legislation and policies have permeated virtually every business and classroom in North America .
The law now regulates which attitudes toward women can be manifested , what language about women can be expressed ... even on private property .
Through these laws , government reaches into the private sector and regulates attitudes and words to an extent that would be unimaginable in the 1960s , even the '70s .
Second , sexual harassment has become what the iconoclastic feminist Daphne Patai in her book " Heterophobia : Sexual harassment and the Future of Feminism " calls a multi-billion dollar growth Industry .
The Industry consists of the many people who make a good living off the issue of sexual harassment and , so , have a vested interest in continuing presence in society as a " problem " to be solved .
These people are lawyers , researchers , consultants , educational professionals , writers , administrators , lawmakers , psychologists , and media people .
Collectively , they form a strong barrier against any attempt to dismantle what has become the institution and the industry of sexual harassment .
I said I would conclude this example with words of encouragement .
And this is them .
The term " sexual harassment " only entered our culture about twenty years ago .
As a legal concept , it was introduced by gender feminist Catharine MacKinnon in a 1979 book entitled " The Sexual Harassment of Working Women . "
There , MacKinnon argued that violence against women in the workplace was not a form of battery or assault -- her objections were never about physical violence against women .
She argued that sexual harassment was a form of discrimination , a violation of civil rights , that should be handled by civil lawsuits and under the Civil Rights Act .
The next year , in 1980 , the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission expanded its guidelines to include sexual harassment .
The first court case that really established the idea of a hostile working environment was Meritor v. Vinson in 1986 .
That 's how recent they are -- the sexual harassment policies with which we live .
About 20 years .
Even though it impacts the lives of every person in this room , sexual harassment is only two decades old .
This is encouraging for two reasons : if it can be built in our lifetimes , it can be dismantled as well ... and probably much faster .
For better or worse , it is usually easier to take things apart than to construct them .
It is also encouraging because twenty years is one generation and that 's about as long as it takes for people to realize that something is n't working .
To realize that the sexual harassment industry does n't solve social problems ... it creates them .
It is instructive , however , to examine why sexual harassment succeeded as an issue .
I think there are valuable lessons that men can learn from the success of the feminist movement .
When Lin Farley 's book on sexual harassment appeared in 1978 -- and it was the first book on that subject -- it galvanized women .
The book was entitled " Sexual Shakedown : The Sexual Harassment of Women on the Job . "
And it chronicled truly appalling instances of discrimination that literally destroyed the careers of innocent women .
The success of sexual harassment as an issue came largely from the fact that Farley ( and others ) told stories .
She let you see and feel the human cost of discrimination so that -- even someone like me , a sexual harassment skeptic -- I found it impossible to read Farley 's book without feeling that something in society was badly wrong , badly askew .
I would n't have passed a law but I would have been willing to pick up a protest sign and picket specific companies .
This was and is a great strength of feminism .
It showed the human misery being caused by unjust laws and unfair social behavior .
Consider the issue of rape .
In the '60s women who had been raped were -- as I mentioned -- in much the same situation as male victims of domestic violence today .
The police did not take them seriously .
Society often blamed them as though they had somehow brought on their own rapes by dressing provocatively or being promiscuous .
When women stood up and expressed their pain openly and without shame , they opened a window into their own experiences and made people vicariously feel the agony being raped ... and being raped not just once but twice , the second time by a legal system that did not understand or care ...
It was when people viscerally realized the depth of damage being done to innocent human being , it was then that society began to change .
Because nothing is as politically powerful as shining a spotlight on injustice and refusing to look away .
And nothing does this as effectively as telling the unvarnished truth .
Daphne Patai did a wonderful job of expressing the human cost of sexual harassment policies in " Heterophobia , " part II of which is entitled " Typifying Tales . "
She drives home the savagery of these laws and policies at universities where those who are accused have no presumption of innocence but must prove they are not guilty ... they must prove this to committees who often have the power to ruin their careers and lives .
The accused -- almost always men -- have no right to face their accuser or to question witnesses , no right to a lawyer or even , necessarily , to know the exact charges being brought against them .
And the charges can be brought for nothing more than assigning the wrong homework , telling the wrong joke ...
One of the typifying tales Patai offers is of an over - weight professor who , by all accounts , was popular , personable , and competent .
In the middle of a lecture one day , a female student heckled him by calling out a comment about the extreme size of his chest .
He observed that she had no similar problem and , then , continued with his lecture .
The student filed sexual harassment charges against him with the university .
There was no allegation of battery or of his trying to exchange sex for better grades .
The charges were based solely on the classroom incident .
A witch - hunt followed .
It was so extreme that the professor committed suicide .
After which , in a press release , the university administration expressed a grave concern : namely , that the Professor 's death would not discourage other similarly " abused " women from " speaking out . "
Pause for a moment and reflect on your reaction to the university 's statement .
Everyone I 've talked with about this example has had a similar response : Outrage at the university .
Empathy with the man .
Anger toward the female student .
A conviction that things should change .
That 's the power that speaking the simple truth of injustice has on most human beings , male or female .
That 's the power of telling stories .
So let me tell you another ... this time about another form of institutionalized discrimination against men ... discrimination in the family court system .
Many of your will already be familiar with it .
Last year , a 43 - year - old man named Derrick K. Miller walked up to a security guard at the entrance to the San Diego courthouse , where a family court had recently ruled against him on overdue child support .
Clutching court papers in one hand , he drew out a gun with the other .
Declaring : " you did this to me , " he fatally shot himself through the skull .
Miller is not an isolated case .
There is an alarming rise in male suicide in most western nations .
According to a 1999 surgeon general 's report , suicide is the eighth leading cause of death in America , with men being four times more likely to kill themselves than women .
A round of studies conducted in North America , Europe and Australia suggests that one reason for the increase may be the discrimination fathers encounter in family courts , especially regarding the denial of access to their children .
Consider Warren Gilbert who died of carbon monoxide poisoning , clutching a letter from the child protective service .
Or Martin Romanchick — the New York City police officer who hanged himself after being denied access due to charges brought by his ex-wife , which the court found to be frivolous .
There are now websites that list the many names of men ... and I do not believe overstate the facts when I say ... men who have been driven to suicide by the despair caused by institutionalized discrimination against them , especially in the family courts .
These men spoke out in the only way they knew how .
They destroyed themselves in the face of a system that deprived them of dignity , justice , and -- in the some cases -- of the children they loved who made living worthwhile .
This must change .
What are the specifics of that change .
Well ... I do n't speak for the Men's Movement but I do have an opinion on how genuine equality can be achieved .
Eliminate all mandatory affirmative action laws and programs , and remove the issue from the court system .
Do the same with sexual harassment .
Introduce the rebuttable presumption of joint custody into the family court system .
Recognize male victims of domestic violence or sexual assault , and treat them in same manner as female victims .
Refuse to accept the bias against boys in public schools or other tax - funded agencies ... perhaps even by refusing to pay the taxes that victimize males .
These changes would be a good start .
And I know that the speakers who come after me will expand more on the specifics of change that must occur ...
In concluding my talk today , I must express a fear .
I pointed to " telling stories " as something valuable that the Men 's Movement could learn from feminism .
Now I would like to provide a cautionary tale .
The evolution of feminism from the '60s to present day is a cautionary tale on how a political movement can become dominated by rage and lose the voice of reason .
I dread the possibility that men I know and respect may someday look at me as " the enemy " simply because I am a woman .
And I 'll do everything I can to make sure that does n't happen .
Because that 's how we got into this mess in the first place ...
Feminism must extend a hand of goodwill toward men who are being destroyed by gender bias in the system .
Women must stand up and call for the elimination of all law and all application of law that discriminates on the basis of gender , whether or not the discrimination supposedly benefits women .
Because it does n't .
It ca n't possibly .
Women are individuals and anything that weakens individual rights based on a shared humanity harms women as much as men .
Transcription of a speech delivered before a man 's rights group .
It has become commonplace to hear that feminism is dead .
I do n't know if that 's true but I do know that feminism 's best hope ... maybe its only hope of becoming relevant again ... lies in listening to the voices of men demanding justice , the sort of men you 'll hear speaking this afternoon .
When they speak , their voices sound similar to those of women in the 60's when the feminist movement , called Second Wave feminism , swept through our culture like a force of nature and left it changed forever .
The women demanded of men , " Give us equal rights , give us respect . "
Forty years later -- two generations later -- the situation has been reversed .
It is now men , not women , who are protesting against systematic discrimination against their sex .
Even the issues around which the complaints gather are similar to those raised in the '60s .
Men are saying
The list of specific complaints could scroll on and on .
But , in general , what men are calling for is nothing less than what women demanded and received from men decades ago -- equality under reasonable laws ... and a little bit of respect .'60 s feminism was a cultural revolution .
And it is no exaggeration to say that another revolution is in progress -- this time led by men .
It is not headed by elite voices or promoted through tax - funded organizations .
It is a grassroots movement , consisting of individuals who have been battered so badly by the system that they are now committing a large of portion of their lives to say " no !
At the risk of being repetitive , let me talk a bit more about grassroots movements .
They are movements that begin with isolated individuals who become outraged with an injustice that affects their lives -- maybe the public school system , minimum sentencing laws , or an encounter with a policeman .
They become so outraged that they say " no " to authority .
They usually begin by saying " no " on a local level , to their school board or city councilors .
But , if the injustice they 're complaining about is widespread , the voices multiply quickly to become a powerful political force .
Perhaps the most powerful political force there exists : the voice of the people .
The typical men's rights activist is the guy in the street -- a man who has lost access to his children after a divorce ; the co-worker has been falsely accused of sexual harassment ; your neighbor who is a victim of domestic violence but who was turned away from the shelters your taxes support because he was male .
The typical women who speaks out for men's rights does so out a commitment to fairness and a concern for the overwhelming majority men in our lives who are decent human beings ... our fathers , brothers , sons ... our friends .
I speak out also from political concern .
The last decades of the 20th century redefined women 's relationship to society and to men .
The first decades of the 21st century will redefine men's relationship .
And , as a woman and a feminist , I want to be in on that process because I think " Justice for Men " is the most important battle within our society today .
I call myself a feminist .
Which raises a question : what kind of feminist am I to be listening to men and be concerned about justice for them ?
The dominant voice of feminism today is what has been called " gender feminism " -- the sort of feminism you 'll see and hear this weekend at National Organization for Women Convention .
And one of the myths that NOW - style feminists have been able to successfully sell is that anyone who disagrees with their approach on almost any issue , from sexual harassment to child custody , is anti-feminist and even anti-woman .
That accusation is absolutely false .
The truth is that there are and there always have been many schools of thought within the feminist tradition : from socialist to individualist , liberal to radical , Christian to Islamic .
And when you think about it , the diversity of opinion makes sense .
After all , if feminism can be defined as the belief that women should be liberated as individuals and equal to men as a class , then it is natural for there to be disagreement and discussion as to what a complex idea like liberation means and how " equality " should be defined .
It would be amazing if all the women who cared about liberation and equality came to exactly the same conclusions are to what they were .
I opened by saying that I did not know if feminism was dead .
But I have no doubt that NOW - style feminism is dead ... and I say " Good riddance ! " NOW - style feminism is dead because it systematically introduced privileges for women into the law , it ignored the just complaints of 50 % of society -- men , it has turned the sexes against each other in the workplace and academia , it demeaned any feminist -- like me , Daphne Patai , Camille Paglia -- who committed the sin of disagreement .
So ... in answer to the question " What kind of feminist am I ? " ... I am an individualist feminist , what is sometimes called an ifeminist .
Individualist feminism is a school of feminism that stretches back to the 1830s to the antislavery movement in the US .... and to Mary Wollstonecraft and classical liberalism in Europe .
It defines liberation for women as the right of every woman to control her own body and property , to make every peaceful choice with her body and property that is possible .
From marriage , to prostitution , to celibacy .
A woman 's body , a woman 's choice .
Individualist feminism defines equality in a simple , straightforward manner .
Every individual -- female / male black / white -- should be treated identically under laws that protect everyone 's person and property equally .
The equal protection of everyone 's right to peacefully choose .
I am going to delve more deeply into theory in a few minutes in order to make clear how individualist feminism and NOW - style feminism differ dramatically in their approach to men but , before doing so , I want to raise just one issue in order to dramatize how thoroughly men have been slighted and dismissed by most feminists ... and by the law .
And that issue is abortion .
Abortion may well be the single most over - discussed , over - debated topic in North America ... but one question is almost never addressed -- " What is the role of men ? " I am pro-choice : a woman 's body , a woman 's right .
But that does n't mean that I believe men -- the prospective fathers -- are dismissed from the picture .
Saying that the ultimate decision on abortion rests with the pregnant women does n't mean that men are uninvolved and have no role to play or should have no voice .
They are the prospective fathers ; of course , it is an issue of proper concern to them .
My most recent book -- an anthology entitled Liberty for Women that came out last year -- has a lengthy essay on abortion and I made sure it was written by a man ... precisely because men have been silenced on this issue .
What role should men play ?
Well ... Consider one aspect of abortion that deeply impacts them .
If a woman decides to carry a pregnancy to term , then -- under the current system -- the man can be held legally responsible for providing financial support for that child for the next 18 years .
He has no say in the situation .
The woman can decide to become a mother or not .
The man can not opt out of fatherhood .
He has no say ; he has no rights .
And yet , without having any rights , the man has legal responsibilities that extend for almost two decades .
I do n't believe there should be responsibilities without rights .
And , yet , responsibility without rights is what exists today for men in this area .
And , by the way , I repeat that I am pro-choice and I believe it is a woman 's body , a woman 's right .
My purpose in raising this issue is not to suggest that men should have control over a pregnant woman 's body .
That 's not the only alternative .
One option could be the right of a father to relinquish all parental claim and responsibility thus giving him a chance to relinquish fatherhood on the same level as the woman can decide against motherhood .
My main purpose in raising this issue is to provide an example of how men are not included in discussing matters that are of vital concern not only to society but also to their own lives .
Why have men's voices been silenced ?
The explanation returns me to theory and to NOW - style feminism .
In the '60s , Second Wave feminism took off like a rocket for a combination of reasons ...
A new generation of women were dissatisfied with the answers provided by their mothers ; they wanted instead to leave the kitchen and go to work or to universities .
The sexual revolution exploded , due partly to a new birth control method -- the pill -- and women experienced a heady new sexual freedom ; sex ceased to be so tightly linked to pregnancy .
The Vietnam War led an entire generation to question values and to resist authority .
It was a time of social instability ... rather like now with our fear of terrorism , military action , and grassroot discontent .
In 1966 , NOW was founded .
There was anger at men , largely because laws and policies discriminated against women -- for example , the callous manner in which police handled rape complaints from women .
But the anger against men was usually focused on specific issues , like rape , and on specific men , like rapists .
The Second Wave was liberal feminism and it was n't anti-male -- tho ' , certainly , those voices were there as well .
But the early and more liberal NOW welcomed men , like Warren Farrell and the actor Alan Alda , both of whom became symbols of the enlightened man .
The focus tended to be on women 's liberation NOT the need to disempower men .
At the same time , another strain of feminism advanced as well -- gender feminism ... sometimes called radical feminism .
A key book in the evolution of gender feminism was Simone de Beauvoir 's The Second Sex , which was published in 1953 .
The book was blatantly anti-male .
But much more than this ... it was philosophically , ideologically , politically anti-male .
It was n't just a screed .
The book was an ideological attack heterosexualism and the traditional family as male oppression , claiming that the existing institutions of society were to blame for the subjugation of women .
In order to liberate women , gender feminism began to spin out a revolutionary theory that sought to sweep away of white male culture or patriarchy .
It was men versus women .
You see the difference between liberal and gender feminism here ...
Liberals objected to particular discriminations within society , like hiring practices , and they did n't reject men so much as they wanted men to change .
Gender feminists rejected men -- all men as a class -- because they were oppressor , the enemy of women .
They did n't object to any particular aspect of society ; they objected to it all .
The institutions of society ... such as the family , religion , the law ... had to be deconstructed and then reconstructed to liberate women .
Through a series of events within feminism -- AND I DON'T HAVE TIME TO SKETCH THE HISTORY BUT ONE LARGE FACTOR WAS THE FINAL DEFEAT OF THE EQUAL RIGHTS AMENDMENT IN 1984 -- through a series of events liberal feminism declined in prominence and gender feminism advanced .
In 1973 , feminism had won a tremendous victory in Roe v. Wade and an optimistic movement began to focus very tightly on a fresh effort to pass the Equal Rights Amendment .
In March 1978 , one hundred thousand demonstrators marched on Washington , D.C. in support of the ERA .
Yet , after frustrating extensions and delays , the measure was finally defeated in Congress in 1984 .
The defeat of the ERA was a stunning blow to the liberals within feminism whose voices had dominated .
Not so with radical feminists who had always viewed the ERA as a " Band - Aid " solution .
It served as a confirmation of their position .
And , so , gender feminists offered a new solution to a discouraged movement -- a new political theory based on gender oppression that viewed men as class enemies .
And about 1983 to 1984 , you saw the rise of gender feminism ad it started to dominate the feminist movement in general .
Or , more accurately , liberal feminism began to absorb the theory of gender feminism , to more closer and closer to the gender feminist worldview .
And it is at this point that you see men , like Warren Farrell , becoming disillusioned with feminism -- and NOW in particular -- because of its growing bias against men and all things male .
Farrell quit NOW and the organization turned against him with a vicious passion .
Let me dwell a bit more on theory .
Gender feminism can be defined as the school of feminism that views men and women as separate and politically antagonistic classes .
Men as a class oppress women as a class .
Men oppress women by establishing patriarchy -- or male rule -- and capitalism .
The combination of these two is called " white male culture . "
Everywhere and at every moment , white male culture acts to subjugate women .
Through domestic violence , advertising , pornography , rape , hiring practices , the use of male - dominated language , sexual harassment , through textbooks in public schools , prostitution ... the alleged oppression permeates every aspect of society .
And it amounts to nothing less than a full - fledged gender war .
It is no wonder that the goal of NOW - style feminists who have largely bought into gender theory is NOT equality with men but advantage over them .
They do n't want to be equal to their oppressor ; they want to stop the oppression .
One of the key terms in gender theory is " class " -- men as a class ... that means every man ... oppresses women as a class .
And I want to use the term to illustrate how deeply gender feminism and individualist feminism differ in their approaches to men .
So ... class .
There is nothing inherently wrong with separating the sexes into classes .
Men and women have differences .
Medicine , for example , often separates the sexes .
Women are examined for cervical cancer and men for prostate problems .
But when doctors separate the sexes they do n't claim that the fundamental medical interests of men and women conflict .
The doctors realize both sexes share the same basic biology that requires the same basic approach of nutrition , exercise , oxygen and common sense in terms of lifestyle .
In other words , although medicine separates men and women into separate classes for certain purposes , it does n't deny their shared humanity .
It acknowledges the fundamental truth : men and women are both human beings with common needs to which there are some exceptions due to biology ... again cervical cancer .
By contrast , gender feminism does n't say that men and women share a common humanity and , so , have common political interests , like respect for private property .
It says men and women do not share the same basic human needs -- politically speaking .
This is like a doctor saying the two sexes do not have the same fundamental needs in nutrition and so on .
By contrast , individualist feminism looks at men and women and sees -- first and foremost -- individual human beings with a common , shared humanity .
And , just as men and women share the same basic biological needs , we share the political needs : the same rights and responsibilities .
The most basic human right is to the peaceful enjoyment of our own bodies and of our own property .
The most basic human responsibility is to respect the peaceful decision other people make with their bodies and their property .
To legally tolerate -- if not respect -- the choices of others .
In other words .... the highest political good for both men and women does n't come from their sexuality .
It derives from their being human beings .
Although men and women can be validly sorted into separate classes for all sorts of reasons -- from medicine to marketing strategy -- their basic rights and responsibilities cannot be sorted in that manner .
Because those rights and responsibilities preceded any consideration of sexuality just as they precede any consideration of skin color .
Those are secondary characteristics : sex , skin color , height , ethnicity ...
The primary characteristic is our membership as individuals in the human species .
And THIS , the primary characteristic is where our rights arise .
And laws protecting those rights -- or enforcing those responsibilities -- should make no distinction between men and women .
The law should treat them equally both in terms of its content and of its application ... that is , how the content is interpreted by courts , in police policy , and so forth .
By contrast with gender feminism , you can see how individualist feminism not only embraces the possibility equality with men , the demand for equality is an essential aspect of the ideology .
Privilege for either sex is anathema .
By this definition of feminism -- individualist feminism -- the burning priority today is to remove from the law all privileges and disadvantages that are based on sex .
This includes privileges for women such as affirmative action .
The law must become gender - blind and see only individuals standing before it .
This must occur for the good of women as well as men .
I say " for the good of women " for several reasons .
Happily , I think society is heading toward true equality under the law and the Men 's Movement is just one confirmation of this .
As I said , NOW - style feminism is dead ... The problem is -- it is still kicking .
It is kicking because , over the last decades , it has embedded privileges for women and inequities under the law into the institutions of society .
And it is going to take hard , sustained work to remove them .
Again , let me give you a concrete illustrate what I 'm talking about when I speak of institutions .
And , in concluding the example , I 'll tell you why I think advocates of equality should be encouraged by it .
Going back again to about 1983 when gender feminism started to ideologically dominate the mainstream of feminism ... a new term became embedded in our culture : sexual harassment .
I should pause to make clear what I mean by sexual harassment .
By sexual harassment I do n't mean unwanted touching , grabbing or any other form of physical aggression .
That 's battery , that 's assault , that 's a crime .
And laws against those crimes have been on the books for many years .
All that was needed decades ago when sexual harassment became a hot issue was have those laws rigorously enforced .
Because physical aggression should be punished .
Instead gender feminists created new law , new policies that , for example , prohibited " a hostile working environment " in which women feel offended by words and other non-violent behavior .
That 's what I mean by the term sexual harassment .
That 's what I mean ... words and non-violent behavior that is considered offensive .
Sexual harassment is a good example of how NOW - style feminism has institutionalized its politics into society for two reasons :
First of all , everyone is familiar with it because sexual harassment legislation and policies have permeated virtually every business and classroom in North America .
The law now regulates which attitudes toward women can be manifested , what language about women can be expressed ... even on private property .
Through these laws , government reaches into the private sector and regulates attitudes and words to an extent that would be unimaginable in the 1960s , even the ' 70s .
Second , sexual harassment has become what the iconoclastic feminist Daphne Patai in her book " Heterophobia : Sexual harassment and the Future of Feminism " calls a multi-billion dollar growth Industry .
The Industry consists of the many people who make a good living off the issue of sexual harassment and , so , have a vested interest in continuing presence in society as a " problem " to be solved .
These people are lawyers , researchers , consultants , educational professionals , writers , administrators , lawmakers , psychologists , and media people .
Collectively , they form a strong barrier against any attempt to dismantle what has become the institution and the industry of sexual harassment .
I said I would conclude this example with words of encouragement .
And this is them .
The term " sexual harassment " only entered our culture about twenty years ago .
As a legal concept , it was introduced by gender feminist Catharine MacKinnon in a 1979 book entitled " The Sexual Harassment of Working Women . "
There , MacKinnon argued that violence against women in the workplace was not a form of battery or assault -- her objections were never about physical violence against women .
She argued that sexual harassment was a form of discrimination , a violation of civil rights , that should be handled by civil lawsuits and under the Civil Rights Act .
The next year , in 1980 , the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission expanded its guidelines to include sexual harassment .
The first court case that really established the idea of a hostile working environment was Meritor v. Vinson in 1986 .
That 's how recent they are -- the sexual harassment policies with which we live .
About 20 years .
Even though it impacts the lives of every person in this room , sexual harassment is only two decades old .
This is encouraging for two reasons : if it can be built in our lifetimes , it can be dismantled as well ... and probably much faster .
For better or worse , it is usually easier to take things apart than to construct them .
It is also encouraging because twenty years is one generation and that 's about as long as it takes for people to realize that something is n't working .
To realize that the sexual harassment industry does n't solve social problems ... it creates them .
It is instructive , however , to examine why sexual harassment succeeded as an issue .
I think there are valuable lessons that men can learn from the success of the feminist movement .
When Lin Farley 's book on sexual harassment appeared in 1978 -- and it was the first book on that subject -- it galvanized women .
The book was entitled " Sexual Shakedown : The Sexual Harassment of Women on the Job . "
And it chronicled truly appalling instances of discrimination that literally destroyed the careers of innocent women .
The success of sexual harassment as an issue came largely from the fact that Farley ( and others ) told stories .
She let you see and feel the human cost of discrimination so that -- even someone like me , a sexual harassment skeptic -- I found it impossible to read Farley 's book without feeling that something in society was badly wrong , badly askew .
I would n't have passed a law but I would have been willing to pick up a protest sign and picket specific companies .
This was and is a great strength of feminism .
It showed the human misery being caused by unjust laws and unfair social behavior .
Consider the issue of rape .
In the '60s women who had been raped were -- as I mentioned -- in much the same situation as male victims of domestic violence today .
The police did not take them seriously .
Society often blamed them as though they had somehow brought on their own rapes by dressing provocatively or being promiscuous .
When women stood up and expressed their pain openly and without shame , they opened a window into their own experiences and made people vicariously feel the agony being raped ... and being raped not just once but twice , the second time by a legal system that did not understand or care ...
It was when people viscerally realized the depth of damage being done to innocent human being , it was then that society began to change .
Because nothing is as politically powerful as shining a spotlight on injustice and refusing to look away .
And nothing does this as effectively as telling the unvarnished truth .
Daphne Patai did a wonderful job of expressing the human cost of sexual harassment policies in " Heterophobia , " part II of which is entitled " Typifying Tales . "
She drives home the savagery of these laws and policies at universities where those who are accused have no presumption of innocence but must prove they are not guilty ... they must prove this to committees who often have the power to ruin their careers and lives .
The accused -- almost always men -- have no right to face their accuser or to question witnesses , no right to a lawyer or even , necessarily , to know the exact charges being brought against them .
And the charges can be brought for nothing more than assigning the wrong homework , telling the wrong joke ...
One of the typifying tales Patai offers is of an over - weight professor who , by all accounts , was popular , personable , and competent .
In the middle of a lecture one day , a female student heckled him by calling out a comment about the extreme size of his chest .
He observed that she had no similar problem and , then , continued with his lecture .
The student filed sexual harassment charges against him with the university .
There was no allegation of battery or of his trying to exchange sex for better grades .
The charges were based solely on the classroom incident .
A witch - hunt followed .
It was so extreme that the professor committed suicide .
After which , in a press release , the university administration expressed a grave concern : namely , that the Professor 's death would not discourage other similarly " abused " women from " speaking out .
" Pause for a moment and reflect on your reaction to the university 's statement .
Everyone I 've talked with about this example has had a similar response : Outrage at the university .
Empathy with the man .
Anger toward the female student .
A conviction that things should change .
That 's the power that speaking the simple truth of injustice has on most human beings , male or female .
That 's the power of telling stories .
So let me tell you another ... this time about another form of institutionalized discrimination against men ... discrimination in the family court system .
Many of your will already be familiar with it .
Last year , a 43 - year - old man named Derrick K. Miller walked up to a security guard at the entrance to the San Diego courthouse , where a family court had recently ruled against him on overdue child support .
Clutching court papers in one hand , he drew out a gun with the other .
Declaring : " you did this to me , " he fatally shot himself through the skull .
Miller is not an isolated case .
There is an alarming rise in male suicide in most western nations .
According to a 1999 surgeon general 's report , suicide is the eighth leading cause of death in America , with men being four times more likely to kill themselves than women .
A round of studies conducted in North America , Europe and Australia suggests that one reason for the increase may be the discrimination fathers encounter in family courts , especially regarding the denial of access to their children .
Consider Warren Gilbert who died of carbon monoxide poisoning , clutching a letter from the child protective service .
Or Martin Romanchick — the New York City police officer who hanged himself after being denied access due to charges brought by his ex-wife , which the court found to be frivolous .
There are now websites that list the many names of men ... and I do not believe overstate the facts when I say ... men who have been driven to suicide by the despair caused by institutionalized discrimination against them , especially in the family courts .
These men spoke out in the only way they knew how .
They destroyed themselves in the face of a system that deprived them of dignity , justice , and -- in the some cases -- of the children they loved who made living worthwhile .
This must change .
What are the specifics of that change .
Well ... I do n't speak for the Men's Movement but I do have an opinion on how genuine equality can be achieved .
Eliminate all mandatory affirmative action laws and programs , and remove the issue from the court system .
Do the same with sexual harassment .
Introduce the rebuttable presumption of joint custody into the family court system .
Recognize male victims of domestic violence or sexual assault , and treat them in same manner as female victims .
Refuse to accept the bias against boys in public schools or other tax - funded agencies ... perhaps even by refusing to pay the taxes that victimize males .
These changes would be a good start .
And I know that the speakers who come after me will expand more on the specifics of change that must occur ...
In concluding my talk today , I must express a fear .
I pointed to " telling stories " as something valuable that the Men 's Movement could learn from feminism .
Now I would like to provide a cautionary tale .
The evolution of feminism from the '60s to present day is a cautionary tale on how a political movement can become dominated by rage and lose the voice of reason .
I dread the possibility that men I know and respect may someday look at me as " the enemy " simply because I am a woman .
And I 'll do everything I can to make sure that does n't happen .
Because that 's how we got into this mess in the first place ...
Feminism must extend a hand of goodwill toward men who are being destroyed by gender bias in the system .
Women must stand up and call for the elimination of all law and all application of law that discriminates on the basis of gender , whether or not the discrimination supposedly benefits women .
Because it does n't .
It ca n't possibly .
Women are individuals and anything that weakens individual rights based on a shared humanity harms women as much as men .
ifeminists.com is edited by Wendy McElroy ; it is made possible by support from members like you .
For information or to report problems contact admin( at)ifeminists.net .
BEIJING ( Reuters ) -
A truck has overturned and spilt a powerful chemical into a river in southwestern China , threatening the drinking water of more than 200,000 people , the official Xinhua agency said on Monday .
The truck was carrying 33.6 tonnes of crude phenol , which in its diluted form can be used as a disinfectant or antiseptic , when it overturned on Saturday near the upper reaches of the Baise dam in Yunnan province , the report said .
By Monday , the chemicals in the Zhesang river had reached the dam area , and were just 15 kilometers upstream from where water is piped off to supply 200,000 people .
At least 1,000 households in one town that might be affected by the chemicals were ordered not to use water from the dam ’s upper reaches , the report said .
Officials were building a barrier on the river to try and contain the pollutants and throwing in lime and other compounds to try and absorb the phenol .
Phenol is a caustic , white crystalline compound derived from benzene , and used in the production of resins , plastics and pharmaceuticals , Xinhua said .
In contrast to Bernanke 's foolish comment " risk of substantial downturn has faded " ( see Things That Have Not Yet Happened ) the Bank of England sees things differently .
Please consider Bank of England warns that credit crisis far from over as banks hoard cash .
Conditions in the money markets remain " stressed " , with banks reluctant to lend to each other for longer than a month , the Bank of England has said .
In a further sign that recovery from the financial crisis is still at a very early stage , the Bank used its quarterly examination of the markets to warn that many areas are almost frozen , as banks continue to repair their balance sheets .
My Comment
It comes after Bank Governor Mervyn King warned that the crisis is not over , and amid fears that central banks around the world are preparing to raise their interest rates .
My Comment
Indeed , interbank borrowing rates have remained high in recent months , despite the Bank 's Special Liquidity Scheme to pump extra cash into the markets .
Concerns about tight credit have in some quarters been replaced by worries about the soaring price of oil , which recently peaked at just below $ 140 a barrel .
The Bulletin acknowledged that the activities of hedge funds and other investors may have pushed it a little higher , saying : " Speculative activity was not widely thought by contacts to have been the primary cause of upward price pressures in energy markets , although it is possible that it played some role in the short run . "
My Comment
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Quintuple Update !
Ha HA !
I bet you did n't expect more of THESE so soon , eh ?
Ham fisted drama courtesy of Tink Brussley may overtake Batman for the title of comedy gold as this dead horse beating demonstrates .
Not much to report on the war - lines so far .
I will totally get that store up and running once I get some new designs ready .
And , you know , people actually buying them after saying they will do it .
That would be good for the time investment .
Bizarre ( or should I say AWESOME ) linkage for this week : Michael " Fucking " Bay 's rejected script for Batman
While common acts of desecration have in the past included vandalism and graffiti , indecent photographs and videos are increasingly being shot around the magnificent structures built during the post - war years to remember the fallen .
It has long been debated whether dinosaurs were part of the ‘ Terrestrial Revolution ’ that occurred some 100 million years ago during the Cretaceous when birds , mammals , flowering plants , insects and reptiles all underwent a rapid expansion .
An international study , led by the University of Bristol , shows that during their last 50 million years of existence , dinosaurs were not expanding as actively as had been previously thought and that the apparent explosion of dinosaur diversity may be largely explained by sampling bias .
The team produced a ‘ supertree ’ of dinosaurs , showing the most likely pattern of evolution for 440 of the 600 known species of dinosaur .
" Supertrees are very large family trees made using sophisticated computer techniques that carefully stitch together several smaller trees which were previously produced by experts on the various subgroups ” , explained lead author Graeme Lloyd .
“ Our supertree summarises the efforts of two decades of research by hundreds of dinosaur workers from across the globe and allows to look for unusual patterns across the whole of dinosaurs for the first time . "
It is the most comprehensive picture ever produced of how dinosaurs evolved .
Professor Mike Benton from Bristol University said : " It 's not complete , but it 's the most detailed and comprehensive single evolutionary tree produced for dinosaurs , and indeed for almost any other group .
" Up until now , most studies of the evolution of dinosaurs were not tested numerically against an accurate and comprehensive database .
We hope our study will mark the first of a new wave of such thorough , quantitative studies in palaeontology . "
The new study uses statistical techniques to distinguish unusually high rates of diversification from normal rates .
The results show that all the bursts of diversification happened in the first fifty million years of the evolution of dinosaurs .
Later expansions were not distinguishable from normal rates .
This suggests dinosaurs did not take advantage of the new food supplies available during the Cretaceous Terrestrial Revolution – such as flowering plants , lizards , snakes , birds and mammals .
The work was done using the High Performance Computing facilities of the National University of Ireland , Maynooth .
It was based on a combination of 155 published dinosaur ‘ trees ’ and took approximately 5,000 hours of calculation time .
The key focus was to see whether dinosaurs had been part of a major phase of evolution on land – the Cretaceous Terrestrial Revolution ( between 125 –80 million years ago ) – when many new groups of plants and animals expanded rapidly .
During this time , the flowering plants and social insects arose and became more and more common .
Many backboned animals also expanded to take advantage of the new sources of food .
SOME economists have found their free market principles put to the test .
The Economist reported a few weeks ago that the one time Edinburgh home of Adam Smith is for sale .
Some economists have rallied together to ensure it does not fall into the hands of developers , or just anyone who can pay the highest price .
It raises the question , when should historic preservation trump the market mechanism ?
One of my favourite things about Edinburgh is its relative lack of nostalgia .
Rather than turn all its ancient buildings into museums , most serve some modern function .
One time , when I lived there , a friend came to visit .
I took her on my daily walk down the Royal Mile .
Upon our approach , we stopped and stared at one of Edinburgh ’s first Starbucks .
It had just opened on the ground floor of a medieval building .
I could barely hear her tirade about globalization ’s disregard for history and culture .
I was too busy fantasizing about the American style muffins and lattes I could now have every morning .
Urban property is a scarce resource , Edinburgh has a disproportionately high number of influential people who have called it home .
The entire Old Town could justifiably be made into a giant museum .
But what better way to honour the people who lived there than to perpetuate Edinburgh as a functioning , modern , economically viable city ?
Some restrictions may be appropriate .
For example , demolishing Adam Smith ’s old home and building a MacDonald ’s drive - through might not be advisable .
Though I imagine Adam Smith would want his former home going to no one , but the person who values it most .
As you already know , we love hot chicks that play sports or cheer at USC .
So when the Sploggers at National Lampoon sent word that Megan Ohai was dressed as a schoolgirl for Halloween , our interest was perked .
We ’ve now covered , and now the soccer team .
Now it ’s time for our readers to help .
Which other Trojan needs to be ‘ discovered . ’
Let us know .
Â
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President George W. Bush said on Tuesday there was no quick fix to lowering record fuel prices and that oil in the U.S. Strategic Petroleum Reserve should be saved for supply emergencies .
President George W. Bush holds a news conference in the briefing room of the White House in Washington July 15 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
“ The SPR is for emergencies , ” Bush told reporters at a White House news conference .
He said “ there is no immediate fix ” to lowering record - high fuel prices .
Several U.S. lawmakers called on the White House this week to release some of the 706 million barrels of crude held in the reserve in order to put more supplies on the market and help lower oil and gasoline prices .
“ Four - dollar gasoline , bogged down in a war in Iraq , the economy entering a recession , the stock market down more than 15 percent since January , the housing market in crisis , banks failing , the highest inflation in almost 30 years , and he still does n’t think we ’re in an emergency ? ” asked Democratic Rep. Edward Markey , who wants the president to release 500,000 barrels of oil a day from the reserve for six months .
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid told reporters on Capitol Hill he would consider legislation requiring the administration to release oil supplies from the stockpile .
“ Well , I would like to do that , yes , just like we did to tell him to stop putting it in , ” said Reid , referring to legislation passed by Congress in May that ordered the administration to end oil deliveries to the reserve .
Bush believes more production is the answer .
He said if Congress passed legislation to boost U.S. oil output that would change the “ psychology ” in the energy market about concerns over future oil supplies , which in turn would lower prices .
Bush on Monday lifted the White House ’s almost two - decades - old executive order that banned oil drilling along most U.S. coastal states and called on Congress to end its separate drilling moratorium .
“ I readily concede that ( expanded offshore drilling ) it ’s not going to produce a barrel of oil tomorrow , but it is going to change the psychology that , you know , demand will constantly outstrip supply , ” the president said .
Bush said that speculators are not to blame for higher oil prices and it is the market fundamentals of tight supplies and strong demand that are pushing up crude costs .
“ The fundamentals are what ’s really driving the long - term price of oil , ” he said .
“ Demand for oil has increased and supply has not kept up with it . ”
Congressional Democratic leaders accused Bush of pushing more drilling to help big oil companies , which already have millions of acres under government leases to search for oil .
The House of Representatives is expected to vote on a bill on Thursday that would require companies to search for oil diligently on their existing leases or turn them back in before they could obtain any new government leases .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi said after Bush ’s news conference that the president ’s demand that Congress allow more offshore drilling was “ a diversionary tactic ” to take the spotlight off the bigger problems in the U.S. economy .
Earlier this year , Bush was criticized for not knowing about forecasts predicting U.S. consumers would suffer from $ 4 a gallon gasoline .
The president said he was “ aware of it now , ” when asked about record pump prices .
Bush defended his administration ’s lack of a national campaign from the White House to push a strong message that Americans should use less energy .
“ It ’s a little presumptuous on my part to dictate to consumers how they live their lives , ” he said .
“ They ’re smart enough to figure out whether they ’re going to drive less or not . ”
Government data shows that high pump prices and a weak economy have discouraged driving , with U.S. gasoline demand down 1.2 percent , or about 107,000 barrels a day less , during the first half of 2008 compared with same period last year .
A FINE GILTWOOD AND VERNIS MARTIN GRAND PIANO THE MOVEMENT BY STEINWAY & SONS ...
Tony Blair appears to have lost the French president 's backing Nicolas Sarkozy has withdrawn his backing of Tony Blair to become the first president of the European Union , senior sources have told the BBC .
The French president is understood to have changed his mind after meeting German Chancellor Angela Merkel .
It is thought he feels EU opposition to the former UK prime minister is too strong because he backed the Iraq war .
The president will be chosen by leaders of EU member states .
The post was created under the new EU reform treaty .
The sources close to the president also indicated that Mr Sarkozy felt Mr Blair was not right for the role because Britain has failed to adopt the European single currency and the Schengen zone of passport - free travel .
Instead , the sources say the top job could go to the current president of the commission , Jose Manuel Barroso , or the prime minister of Luxembourg , Jean - Claude Juncker .
BBC Europe editor Mark Mardell however said the British government has a distaste for Mr Juncker , who is seen as far too keen on more European integration , and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown would probably do what he could to prevent him being elected .
He added that some of the smart money was moving to the Danish Prime Minister Anders Rasmussen .
The new president is to chair EU summits , take on some of the functions of the current presidency of the Council of the European Union - held on a rotating six - month basis by EU heads of government - and represent the EU on common foreign and security policy .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
It 's nearly August , the retail fashion industry is in an uneasy slump , and summer issues of women 's magazines are gaunt for want of advertising .
Yet in the past four weeks , the ' black issue ' of Italian Vogue has caused such a phenomenal demand at news - stands in Britain and the United States that Condé Nast , the publisher , has rushed to reprint and distribute 40,000 more copies .
The explosive content of what , by any standards , is a small - circulation magazine with an average monthly sale of 109,000 , is now being spoken about as a cultural watershed in fashion .
With the next show season six weeks off , its influence might finally end the ' white - out ' that has come to dominate catwalks and magazine pages .
On Friday , a saleswoman on the till at WH Smith in Hammersmith Mall , west London , was proudly gesturing to a Vogue Italia propped up at her cashdesk .
' We 've managed to get 10 more , ' she said , as a group of black and mixed - race schoolgirls broke ranks in the queue and doubled back to the shelves , hollering with delight .
They have reason to celebrate , and to hope .
One of the covers of Vogue Italia features Jourdan Dunn , the 18 - year - old who was discovered by a Storm scout at Primark in that same mall .
Perhaps those girls were her former classmates .
Conceived by editor - in - chief Franca Sozzani , and shot by Steven Meisel from a roster of 18 new , established and former stars , the July ' black issue ' sold out in Britain on arrival .
That renowned fashion photographer Steven Meisel , the recluse whose lens has made the career of many a model ( including Brits Lily Cole and Karen Elson ) should be focusing on non-white subjects might have been expected to cause some debate .
A mild examination of conscience among the model scouts , agencies , casting directors and designers was privately anticipated , without much hope of anything changing - in the same way that the endless skinny - model debate has resulted in little or no change in the industry .
But no one anticipated the global interest .
' It has been unprecedented , a sensation , although that was n't the aim , ' said Jonathan Newhouse , chairman of Condé Nast International , who masterminded the reprinting and rerouting of unsold magazines in Italy to America and Britain .
In America , the issue is shrink - wrapped and stickered with the words ' First Reprint .
The Most Wanted Issue Ever ' .
That is no hype , according to the Kenya Hunt , the young black style editor of Metro International News in New York .
' I 've been watching the news - stands since the beginning .
There are lines of women when they hear of a new shipment .
It 's a wide cross-section of women , girls , people my parents ' age who read Ebony , ' she said .
' There have been email chains about it .
The news - stand guys are hustling , locking it up in the back and charging $ 25 , $ 28 , when the real price is $ 16 .
Yesterday , I saw it on eBay for $ 50 .
There is a climate shift .
This is the year of the presidential election .
And this at a time when magazine sales are really hurting .'
British retail newsagents , who are often reluctant to allot shelf - space to any non-populist publication , have also been scrambling to satisfy waves of people wanting to get their hands on the £ 6.50 edition .
Borders has had to move issues around the country after a first - day sell - out , saying that demand was 654 per cent up on the previous issue .
WH Smith 's women 's magazine head buyer Louisa Stokes confirmed : ' I took so many queries from customers and from individual store managers - I 've not seen anything like it .
Italian Vogue is normally delivered to only 45 stores , but customers all over the country are asking for it . '
The first printing was so scarce in London that Edward Enninful , the black Notting Hill - born Vogue fashion editor , who worked with Meisel to style the Naomi Campbell cover ( one of three versions of the edition ) was forced to scour the country for an issue .
' I could n't believe it .
I ended up phoning friends in Ellesmere Port in Cheshire , who found one for me in a corner newsagent .
I am so excited .
I never thought I would be able to see something like this - my people , my race , wearing the collections , being gorgeous , chic , real women in that way .
But the most important thing is : this proves we are bankable .
We can sell . '
That , of course , is the point .
Evidence of commerciality , especially in anxious times , is more likely to shift industry thinking than any amount of political correctness .
For years , the excuse proffered by advertising agencies for not signing black models to lucrative contracts , and by magazine editors who failed to feature women of colour on their covers , was a supposedly factual , ' they do n't sell ' .
Certainly , part of the grand rebuttal has been organised through the internet , influencing an industry that is far too used to listening to its own circle of insider voices .
Sola Oyebade , chief executive of Mahogany Model Management , has been running a Facebook , text and email campaign in an attempt to make the issue the biggest - selling Vogue ever .
' We believe there 's industry apartheid and this is something that the black community does feel very strongly about .
I 've had so many calls from people asking where they can get their hands on a copy .
I 've had shops like Harvey Nichols ring me up , telling me we 're causing them a lot of problems with supply , so we 've been liaising with them , too .
Our fashion industry is institutionally racist .
The explanation for why they do n't use black models is always that we do n't sell , but this shows that 's not true .
Black people are among the highest consumer spenders in the UK for material goods . '
Agencies are busy scrambling to catch up .
London - based , Nigerian - born designer Duro Olowu has fought to cast black girls in his show for the past three seasons .
' I 'd phone agencies , and there would be silence .
Now , people will have a responsibility to make sure they have black models in their shows , ' he said .
' Anybody who does n't will look an idiot . '
However , the truth is that it has taken two central establishment leaders - Sozzani and Meisel - to make the subject even discussable in fashion circles .
Just a few months ago , anyone who voiced opinions like Olowu's would have been regarded as naïve , eccentric or speaking out of turn and in danger of ostracism .
' I wrote a piece about the absence of black models a year ago , ' said Kenya Hunt .
' and no one wanted to talk about it . '
Now , she says , everyone is rushing to quote it .
As Sarah Doukas of Storm , the agency that discovered Jourdan Dunn and manages Alek Wek , put it , the success of the ' black issue ' 'has implications for all of us to now fully embrace the diversity within our industry , and to exploit our creative resources to celebrate our cultural and social differences . '
It is , after all , a long overdue wake - up call for an industry whose precarious future will rely on reaching global markets that do not resemble the freakish army of half - starved six - foot white girls who have come to represent the Western ideal .
As Barack Obama has it , it 's time for a change .
Though it may seem forced to link politics with fashion , history proves that the dominant aesthetic of any era can only reflect the mood of the times .
And just as in politics , what just might revolutionise fashion now is that enough white people , too , are bored to death and impatient with the way things look out there .
Speaking out
Jourdan Dunn , the teenage supermodel who was first spotted in a Primark store in west London , was interviewed in The Observer Magazine in April after she had criticised London fashion week - and its catwalks - for being too white .
She spoke about race and role models ...
· On being spotted : ' Everybody says I was spotted shopping in Primark .
I was n't shopping , I was with my friend .
She wanted to go in , I wanted to go home - and we were just mucking about in the sunglasses section . '
· On her comments about London Fashion Week and race : ' It needs to be said because I think about these things and other girls do , too . '
· On the reaction to what she said : ' The way people said I was stupid made me feel horrible , saying fashion 's a business so they need to use models who sell things . '
· On Naomi Campbell 's plan to establish a modelling agency to promote different races : ' Naomi 's idea is good .
I 'd do an agency for black girls and Asian and Spanish , because there are n't enough of them on the runway either . '
· On posing : ' I like having spikes coming out of my head or being in something I 'd never wear . '
· On being away from home : ' I miss out on getting on my brothers ' nerves , so when I get back I have to get on their nerves on purpose to catch up . '
This article appears in the June 13 , 2008 issue of Executive Intelligence Review .
The Banking Crisis Is Back in the Headlines
by John Hoefle
[ PDF version of this article ]
After more than a month of claims that the worst is behind us , the banking crisis is suddenly back in the headlines .
Those who compare the propaganda to the calendar will see a pattern forming , revolving around the fiscal quarters , in which the beginning of the quarter is dominated by the reports of the losses from the previous quarter , followed by a period in which it is claimed that , with all that bad news , the worst must be behind us .
Then , as the quarter enters its final month , the propaganda machine begins preparing the population for another round of losses .
June is the final month of the second quarter , and right on cue , the bad news reports have begun .
The banking crisis itself is not back , because it never went away , and is worse than ever .
Far from having been stabilized , the global banking system is on life support , kept alive by extensive government funding while it is being restructured ; capital injections are being arranged for failing institutions , steps are being taken to keep the book values of worthless securities from plunging to zero , while the banks are being forced to write down the values of their assets .
This downsizing is already traumatic , but it has really only begun , because the reason for the existence of much of the banking system has disappeared .
With the collapse of the securities bubble , the markets in which the banks played are gone .
The casino has closed , and the gamblers have been left out in the cold .
When the system dies , so do the players .
June Swoon
It was as if , suddenly , a switch had been thrown , with the banking crisis suddenly reappearing in the headlines .
Gone is the talk of the worst being over ; instead heads are again on the chopping block ; there is talk of big losses to come , and even rumors that a major investment bank is in serious trouble .
Wachovia Corp. , the fourth - largest U.S. bank holding company by assets , dumped its CEO , G. Kennedy Thompson , after relieving him of the chairman 's position in May .
Formed by the 2001 merger of North Carolina 's First Union and Wachovia , the bank has gobbled up lots of smaller institutions , including the $ 26 billion acquisition in 2006 of Golden West Financial , a huge thrift with heavy exposure to California and Florida real estate .
Wachovia reported $ 363 million in losses for the first quarter , then amended that figure upward to $ 708 million .
The bank has already written off some $ 7 billion in assets , and raised $ 10 billion in emergency capital .
The firing of its CEO is an indirect admission of much bigger problems .
Washington Mutual , the nation 's largest savings and loan bank , stripped Kerry Killinger of his chairman 's position , though he remains as CEO .
WaMu , as it is called , has already written off over $ 9 billion , and raised $ 10 billion in capital , including a big chunk from pirate equity fund TPG ( née Texas Pacific Group ) .
A heavy lender in the plunging West Coast real estate market , WaMu , like Golden West and many others , is helplessly watching its asset - base dissolve .
In Britain , where Northern Rock was nationalized , another mortgage lender is in trouble .
Bradford & Bingley , which specializes in making loans to landlords , has dumped CEO Steven Crawshaw , and sold nearly a quarter of itself to TPG for a paltry $ 300 million .
TPG was introduced to B&B by Goldman Sachs , and the injection took Citigroup and UBS off the hook for underwriting a $ 600 million share offering .
The rescue was " shepherded " by Britain 's Financial Services Authority .
Unfortunately for B&B , it still has a deal with GMAC to buy some $ 4 billion in mortgages by the end of next year , as GMAC tries to avoid the bankruptcy of its own mortgage unit .
In other bad news , State Street Corp. , the 13th - largest U.S. bank holding company , is facing a reported $ 3.4 billion in losses on its mortgage - related securities portfolio , and is seeking to raise $ 2.5 billion in capital .
The bank , like many others , is issuing new stock to raise funds , thereby diluting the value of the stock already held by existing stockholders .
The investment banks are also taking a beating .
Standard & Poor 's has downgraded Merrill Lynch , Morgan Stanley , and Lehman Brothers by one notch each , saying it had lost some confidence in the banks ' abilities to meet their financial obligations .
Given the promiscuous quality of S&P 's ratings in the past , and its dependence upon the investment banks , these downgrades are tokens of much more serious problems .
Also indicative of growing problems is the announcement by the FDIC that the $ 5.8 billion in profits reported by commercial banks in the fourth quarter of 2007 , has since been restated downward to a mere $ 646 million , the lowest quarterly profit since 1990 resulting in $ 100 billion profits on the year ( Figure 1 ) .
The FDIC said the banks were still profitable in the first quarter , earning $ 19 billion , but that is about half the $ 36 billion the banks reported in the first quarter of 2007 , as loan losses grew , and the values of securities held by the banks declined .
The level of loan - loss reserves to non-current loans fell to $ 0.89 in reserves for every $ 1 of non-current loans , the lowest level since 1993 , despite the addition of $ 37 billion to those reserves — and the official level of non-current loans is just the tip of the iceberg .
Life Support
Since this financial crisis began last year , the world 's banks — commercial and investment — have written off nearly $ 400 billion in assets and credit losses , led by the big institutions .
Citigroup , UBS , and Merrill Lynch have all taken writeoffs in the $ 40 billion range ; HSBC has written off nearly $ 20 billion , and Royal Bank of Scotland , Bank of America , and Morgan Stanley hover around $ 15 billion each .
These are big numbers , but they pale in comparison to the monies the central banks have injected .
Since last Summer , the central banks , led by the Fed and the European Central Bank ( ECB ) , have made some $ 3.5 trillion in loans to the banks , an intervention unrivalled in human history .
In the United States , the Fed has created a number of what it calls " lending facilities " as the crisis has deepened .
In mid-December , it created the Term Auction Facility ( TAF ) as a way to make loans to depository institutions .
The first TAF auction occurred on Dec. 12 , 2007 , offering $ 20 billion ; the demand was high , with 93 banks submitting bids totalling $ 62 billion .
Another $ 20 billion was auctioned Dec. 20 , with 73 banks seeking $ 58 billion .
In this way , U.S. banks were given $ 40 billion in December to help them clean up their books at the end of the year .
In January , the Fed increased the loan limit at its twice - monthly TAF auctions to $ 30 billion each , and in March , bumped it up again , to $ 50 billion .
In May , the limit was raised to $ 75 billion ; and for June , the Fed plans to hold three auctions instead of just two .
To date , the Fed has lent $ 585 billion through the TAF , with another $ 150 billion available later in the month .
Assuming all the money is taken — and it has been every time — that would bring the total to $ 735 billion in just a bit over six months ( Figure 2 ) .
The Fed created two more lending facilities in March , the final month of the first quarter .
On March 11 , the Fed announced the Term Securities Lending Facility ( TSLF ) , under which it would lend up to $ 200 billion to primary securities dealers , through weekly auctions beginning March 27 .
Before the TSLF could begin , however , disaster struck in the form of the Bear Stearns crisis , so the Fed created yet another facility , the Primary Dealer Credit Facility ( PDCF ) , to lend an unspecified amount to the primary dealers effective March 17 .
In less than three months of operation , the TSLF has lent out over $ 378 billion ( Figure 2 ) .
The Fed does not report the amount of money it lends through the PDCF , but before the month of June is out , the Fed should easily surpass the $ 1 trillion mark in loans to financial institutions through these new facilities .
These loans , it must be noted , are gross , not net .
Most of them are 28 - day loans , meaning they must be paid back .
When a loan is paid back , the net amount is zero , and the money is available to be loaned again , so a cumulative total of $ 1 trillion in loans does not mean that there is $ 1 trillion outstanding .
According to the Fed , the amount of loans outstanding through these credit facilities and others , such as the discount window and the repo market , have increased from $ 76 billion in mid-December , to $ 440 billion at the end of May .
Supposedly , these loans are being made to mitigate the effects of the " credit crunch , " but providing the banks with money is only half the story .
When they take out these loans , the banks provide collateral to the Fed , which means that , in effect , the Fed is trading cash for " illiquid " securities .
What is really going on here is a huge debt - recycling scheme , in which worthless securities are transferred from the books of the banks to the Fed , in exchange for cash or Treasuries , which helps the banks hide the fact that they are insolvent .
In theory , the banks should get their collateral back when they repay the loans , but it is also possible that the Fed keeps the collateral in lieu of full or partial repayment .
The Fed is silent on this issue ; asked explicitly about it by EIR , the Fed punted , directing us to a page on its website which does not answer the question .
Even if the collateral is returned , the issuance of one - month loans twice a month provides plenty of room to repay old loans with new ones , keeping the collateral away from the banks ' books .
These types of maneuvers are nothing new .
Nazi / British banker Hjalmar Schacht used similar methods to recycle German debt via Mefo bills , and Felix the Fascist Rohatyn used similar measures to loot New York City with Big MAC .
Austerity , backed by fascist economic policies , is old hat .
What is new , is the scale of these actions , in a crisis which is just beginning .
The accompanying figures give a hint of what is to come as the bailout escalates to cover the growing holes in the books of the players in this bankrupt casino .
Will the existing facilities be sufficient to get through June , or will more extraordinary measures be required , as they were in March , when Bear Stearns collapsed , and the Fed intervened to stop a chain reaction of derivatives defaults ?
Bear Stearns was the smallest of the major investment banks , and is no more , having been taken over by J.P. Morgan Chase with some $ 50 billion in help from the Fed .
That leaves Lehman Brothers as the smallest , and rumors are swirling around it like sharks in a feeding frenzy .
Lehman insists — just as Bear did — that it is solvent , that there is nothing to worry about — but that can't possibly be true , for it or its larger cousins .
They are creatures of a dead system , a system which no longer has the capacity to support them all .
The securities market is virtually dead , and the shrinking of credit is crushing everything in its path , from households to corporations to financial institutions .
The system is not coming back , and without it , the speculators have no chance of survival .
The world these dinosaurs inhabited is no more .
The danger , as is becoming more visible every day , is that the attempt to save these beasts — and the money they represent — is sending the dollar into a hyperinflationary frenzy .
There are consequences to pouring trillions of dollars into such a process to try to save it , instead of shutting it down .
Those consequences can be seen every time you go to the gas station or the grocery store , in soaring prices , and if that 's where you see them , you are one of the lucky ones .
In a growing number of countries , the food is too expensive for most people , and in some places , the food simply is n't there .
In a very real sense , there is no banking crisis because the banking system is already gone .
The path we are on , with the futile and foolish attempt to bail out the money , will inexorably lead to the sort of hyperinflationary shock which destroyed Weimar Germany and paved the way for Hitler .
The fascists are now in the wings , waiting for the opportunity to make their move .
The fascists on the Right , typified by Cheney and the howling mob around Fox News ; and the fascists on the Left , typified by Rohatyn , Soros , and Gore , are but two sides of the same coin .
The only alternative to that is a return to the American System policies of Hamilton , Lincoln , FDR , and LaRouche .
Either the U.S. government steps in and asserts its sovereignty to put the financial system through bankruptcy , or the financier oligarchy will put the government through bankruptcy .
If the former , we can quickly begin rebuilding our nation and the world ; if the latter , we will soon have a much more sensuous understanding of how the Nazis came to power in Germany .
Old photo to oil painting service
Many of us have old pictures of our grandparents , parents , wedding , etc. .
Most often , these photo are not really clear and in bad condition .
Do we need clear pictures to succeed in our photo to oil painting transformation ?
At painting4
Ever , we are proud to say that we have been very successful in doing beautiful oil paintings using very old pictures .
This type of photo to oil painting process is more complicated and time consuming , and requires a more in - depth cooperation with the customer .
Below you can see a sample of an oil painting painted from an old photo
PAINTING4EVER PHOTO TO PAINTING ART STUDIO
You may have stumbled here when searching for a photo to painting company .
Great !!!
You came to the right place .
At Painting4
Ever art studio we create 100 % handmade paintings from photos .
What type of photo to painting service do we offer ?
Our professional and dedicated artists can create a painting from any type of photo you choose .
For example , our artists can paint your your wedding photos , family photos , pet photos , landscape photos , children photos , dog photos , cat photos , house photos , all of which can be made into an oil painting .
Below you can see some samples of samples of paintings our artists created from photos :
100 % Handmade picture to painting service
Since you found our website , you were probably looking for a picture to painting company who can turn your photo into a painting .
Before selecting a company to do a picture painting for you , you should know that not all companies offer the same picture to painting service .
Below you can see a visual display of the picture to painting practice done by our professional artist .
To learn more about this , please read our 100 % handmade picture to painting service page .
The Phoenix Lander may have dominated Mars news in recent weeks , but a new study performed here on Earth has turned up a whopper of a finding :
The Red Planet seems to have been the victim of a massive hit and run more than four billion years ago .
That is the conclusion of researchers who have finally mapped the edges of something known as the Martian hemispheric dichotomy .
That feature — in which the crust thickness drops from 30 to about 10 miles ( 50 to 20 kilometers ) over a large area that is the most visible feature on Mars — has been known to astronomers for more than 30 years and was long suspected to be due to an asteroid impact that flung most of the crust out the area .
Scientists could not say for sure , however , because the dichotomy 's exact shape was unclear :
As much as a third of its edge was obscured beneath a 20 - mile - ( 30 - kilometer - ) high pile of volcanic rock ( the second largest feature on Mars ) known as the Tharsis Rise .
To uncover the dichotomy 's true edge , researchers from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( M.I.T. ) and NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif. , used geologic data to probe the structure of the crust underneath Tharsis .
They combined data on the surface height , or topography , with variations in mass revealed by disparities in the surface 's gravitational force , looking for telltale changes in mass under Tharsis .
The analysis revealed an elongated round shape measuring about 6,600 by 5,300 miles ( 10,600 by 8,500 kilometers ) and covering 42 percent of the planet .
The team calls it the Borealis basin .
" There 's basically only one process we know of that will produce a giant elliptical depression ... and that 's a giant impact , " says M.I.T. planetary scientist Jeffrey Andrews - Hanna , lead author of the report , published in Nature .
One longstanding puzzler that did not quite fit with the asteroid idea was that although the asteroid would have left a circular crater or impact basin , the dichotomy seemed at best elliptical in shape .
But according to a second Nature study , an asteroid impact still could have caused that shape .
A separate team from the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena and the University of California , Santa Cruz , simulated the effect of impacts made at different energies , speeds and angles on the Martian crust .
They found that the dichotomy 's newly revealed shape matched an impact by an asteroid measuring 1,000 to 1,700 miles ( 1,600 to 2,700 kilometers ) wide , moving at about four to six miles ( six to 10 kilometers ) per second and striking at an angle of 30 to 60 degrees with the ground , with the most likely angle being 45 degrees .
The study also throws cold water on a second objection to the impact hypothesis : Scientists have thought that rock melted by the powerful strike would have simply filled in the basin and erased any record of its effects .
According to the new simulation , the impactor would have thrown clear enough of the crust to leave a marked depression .
In yet another consistency check , a second simulation paper in Nature reports that reverberations through the crust caused by the collision could account for a known decline in magnetism in Martian rock on the opposite side of the planet from the dichotomy .
That a large asteroid would have hit Mars is not unexpected : Craters that pepper the inner planets and moons of the solar system indicate that space rocks crashed together like pool balls when the planets were young .
For example , researchers believe that our moon was formed when a Mars - size object crashed into a young Earth .
The new studies have " upped the odds a lot " that an impact caused the dichotomy , says planetary scientist Walter Kiefer of the Lunar and Planetary Institute in Houston .
The next line of evidence , says Kiefer , would be looking for chemical differences in Martian rocks indicating that crust in the dichotomy formed from material deep inside the mantle that welled up after the impact .
The kind of asteroid needed to form the Martian dichotomy would fall in between that size and those of the rocks that formed other large craters , such as the South Pole — Aitken impact basin on the moon and the Hellas Basin in Mars 's southern hemisphere , both more than 1,30 miles ( 2,000 kilometers ) wide .
Although Earth 's inhabitants still face the threat of deadly asteroid strikes , researchers say that impacts of the magnitude seen in the Martian dichotomy have long since died off , leaving only scars to tell their story .
" The early solar system was a very dangerous place to be , " Andrews - Hanna says , " but if we did n't have the impacts , we would n't have the planets as we see them today . "
Tom Hanks ' Four Percent Solution From his remarkable speech at Vassar College Posted by Marion Owen , Fearless Weeder for PlanTea , Inc. and Co-author of Chicken Soup for the Gardener 's Soul
How many cars would you have to take away from California 's crowded roadway to rid them of gridlock ?
A computer similation supplied the answer : four percent , or four out of a hundred .
The study provided inspiration for actor Tom Hanks in a remarkable speech at Vassar College 's graduation ceremony on May 22 , 2005 .
Here is Tom Hanks ' speech .
Read it .
Print it out .
Pass it on .
Share it with others ...
THE POWER OF FOUR
by Tom Hanks
Not long ago I was reading about the problem of gridlock on the freeways of Southern California -- the traffic jams which cripple the city , stranding millions and laying waste to time , energy , and the environment .
Gridlock is as serious and as impenetrable a problem as any we face , a dilemma without cure , without solution , like everything else in the world , it seems .
Some smart folks concocted a computer simulation of gridlock to determine how many cars should be taken off the road to turn a completely jammed and stilled highway into a free - flowing one .
How many cars must be removed from that commute until a twenty - mile drive takes twenty - five minutes instead of two hours ?
The results were startling .
Four cars needed to be removed from that virtually stuck highway to free up that simulated commute ... four cars out of each one hundred .
Four cars per one hundred cars , four autos out of every one hundred autos , forty cars from each thousand , four hundred out of ten thousand .
Four cars out of one hundred are not that many .
Two cars out of every fifty -- one driver out of twenty - five drivers .
Now , if this simulation is correct , it is the most dramatic definition in earthly science and human nature of how a simple choice will make a jaw - dropping difference to our world .
Call it the Power of Four .
One commuter in your neighborhood could put the rush back into rush hour .
So , if merely four people out of a hundred can make gridlock go away by choosing not to use their car , imagine the other changes that can be wrought just by four of us -- four of you -- out of a hundred .
Take a hundred musicians in a depressed port city in Northern England , choose John , Paul , George , and Ringo and you have " Hey Jude " .
Take a hundred computer geeks in Redmond , Washington , send 96 of them home and the remainder is called Microsoft .
Take the Power of Four and apply it to any and every area of your concern .
Politics :
Four votes swung from one hundred into another hundred is the difference between gaining control and losing clout .
Culture : 2 ticket buyers out of fifty can make a small , odd film profitable .
Economics : by boycotting a product 1 consumer out of 25 can move that product to the back of the shelf , and eventually off it altogether .
Four out of 100 is miniscule and yet can be the great lever of the Tipping Point .
The Power of Four is the difference between helplessness and help .
H - E - L - P : a four - letter word like some others with many meanings .
The graduating class of 2005 can claim , with perhaps more credibility than any other class in history , that during its four years of college the world went crazy .
In the fall of 2001 , our planet earth and the United States of America were different sorts of places -- in tone , in tolerance , in peace and war , in ideas and in ideals -- than they are on this spring day in 2005 .
These past years have been extraordinary in the express rate of change , well beyond the usual standards of culture , well above the personal watermarks you have stamped as college students .
As college graduates , you now live in a brand new world , with new versions of political upheaval , global pandemic , world war and religious polarization , the likes of which have rarely visited our planet all at once -- and thank God for that .
Today 's main purpose is to celebrate your entering into society , but the fact is you have all been very much steeped in it already - Poughkeepsie being the proxy and microcosm of the whole wide world .
None of you were untouched by the events in September of your freshman year , none unaffected by the ideological movements of local and geo-politics since .
All of you have been staring your individual fate and our collective future right in the eye for the last four years .
The common stereotype would have you today , cap in the air , parchment in hand , asking yourself " what do I do now ? "
You , the class of 2005 , have already had many , many moments during your time at Vassar when you asked yourself that question .
You might have added the word ' Hell ' , or some such four - letter word to the phrase : " What the HELL do I do now ? "
In which case , today might not be all that different from other days on campus -- except your parents are here and they might take you out for better food .
On Commencement Day , speechmakers are expected to offer advice -- as though you need any , as though anything said today could aid your making sense of our one - damn - thing - after - another world .
Things are too confused , too loud , and too dangerous to make ' advice ' an option .
You need to hear something much more relevant on this day .
You need to hear the most important message thus far in the third millennium .
You need to hear a maxim so simple , so clear and evocative that no one could misconstrue its meaning or miss its weighty issue .
So , here goes .
It 's not a statement , but a request .
Not a bit of advice , but a plea .
It is , in fact , a single four - letter word , a verb and a noun which takes into account the reality of your four years at Vassar as well as the demands of the next four decades you spend beyond this campus .
It 's a message , once made familiar by the Beatles - - those Northern English lads who embodied The Power of Four .
Help .
HELP .
HEEEELLLLLLPP !
We need help .
Your help .
You must help .
Please help .
Please provide Help .
Please be willing to help .
Help ... and you will make a huge impact in the life of the street , the town , the country , and our planet .
If only one out of four of each one hundred of you choose to help on any given day , in any given cause -- incredible things will happen in the world you live in .
Help publicly .
Help privately .
Help in your actions by recycling and conserving and protecting , but help also in your attitude .
Help make sense where sense has gone missing .
Help bring reason and respect to discourse and debate .
Help science to solve and faith to soothe .
Help law bring justice , until justice is commonplace .
Help and you will abolish apathy -- the void that is so quickly filled by ignorance and evil .
Life outside of college is just like life in it : one nutty thing after another , some of them horrible , but all interspersed with enough beauty and goodness to keep you going .
That 's your job , to keep going .
Your duty is to help -- without ceasing .
The art you create can glorify it .
The science you pursue can prove its value .
The law you practice can pass on its benefits .
The faith you embrace will make it the earthly manifestation of your God .
Here at Vassar whatever your discipline , whatever your passion you have already experienced the exhausting reality that there is always something going on and there is always something to do .
And most assuredly you have sensed how effective and empowering it can be when more than four out of one hundred make the same choice to help .
You will always be able to help .
So do it .
Make peace where it is precious .
Help plant trees .
Help embrace diversity and celebrate differences .
Help stop gridlock .
In other words , help solve every problem we face - every single one of them -- with the Power of Four out of a hundred .
Help and we will save the world .
If we do n't help -- it wo n't get done .
Congratulations .
Good luck .
Thank you .
Hugh Grant & Liz Hurley , BFF's Win Lawsuit ( Photos )
, his ex-girlfriendand her husbandtraveled to an island resort in the Maldives in October 2007 .
While enjoying their tropical vacation , the trio and Hurley 's 5 year old sonwere photographed with long lens camera equipment and the photos ended up in several newspapers .
The photos showed Hurley 's young son running naked on the beach .
The boys father is multi-millionaire film producer Stephen Bing .
Because the trio thought it was " reprehensible " that these private photos were released for public viewing , they filed suit against The Big Pictures and Eliot Press Sarl .
The two agencies have agreed to pay $ 113,000 to the trio and they have issued a public apology .
The trio plan to donate the money to charity .
Grant has won similar lawsuits in 1995 and 2007 against News ( UK ) Ltd , Daily Mail and Mail on Sunday .
Grant and Hurley had a 13 year relationship that spanned 1987 - 2000 .
Their parting was amicable and they remain close friends who vacation together .
By the way , young Damian Bing is Grant 's godson .
We liken the arrangement between these close friends to that of Bruce Willis and Demi Moore .
Very rare indeed .
Check out more photos below .
Photo Source
Pictured : Toad turns tables on predator by eating 3ft snake
This astonishing picture shows nature working in reverse - a toad eating its own predator , a snake .
The huge cane toad turned the tables on its natural enemy , a keelback snake , and grabbed the slithery reptile as it was about to strike and consume the toad for dinner .
The toad moved first , opened its jaws and clamped them down on the snake .
Surprise :
The cane toad turns on its predator and eats the keelback snake
Then , to the astonishment of wildlife officials who came across the scene , the toad set about swallowing its enemy .
The drama was played out on a cane toad research area at a cattle ranch 60 miles south of Darwin , in Australia 's Northern Territory .
Scientists have set aside the area to study the activities of the cane toad species , which was brought into the country from Hawaii in 1935 to control a beatle which was destroying sugar cane .
But it then set about killing wildlife with the poison it excretes through its pores and eating insects that are important to the bio-diversity of the bush .
One of the researchers who came across the snake - eating toad was Darwin 's Lord Mayor , Graeme Sawyer , who is also a member of the study team .
When he came across the ' battle scene ' about 4in of the 2ft long snake was already down the toad 's throat .
' I was absolutely amazed , ' said Mr Sawyer .
' To see a large female cane toad like this one eating a live snake is just unbelievable .
' I thought I 'd try to give the snake a chance so I grabbed it and I was able to pull it from the frog 's mouth before it went any further down its throat .
' Miraculously , the snake was still alive , so I released it into nearby bushland . '
The 8in toad was also said to be alive and well - the keelback is Australia 's only non-venomous snake , but for cane toads it is usually the kiss of death .
The Queensland Government , in an official briefing note about the snake , describes it as a reptile that eats frogs , tadpoles and lizards .
' If you hear a frog screaming ( a blood - curdling shriek ! ) it could be half - way down a keelback 's gullet by the time you track it down . '
The snake uses its scales to grip onto slippery surfaces in marshy areas when travelling over mud or vegetation .
' I do n't know what would have happened in the long run with this unique confrontation , ' said Mr Sawyer .
' I do n't know whether the snake would have died or the toad would have been able to swallow it all . '
Northern Territory snake expert Chris Peberdy described the incident as ' an unusual act of nature . ' '
The keelback is the only snake known in Australia that can eat cane toads and survive .
' It is a known predator of juvenile toads , so this is definitely a case of the tables being turned . '
The incident has caused Mr Sawyer to question what cane toads are doing to Australia 's wildlife .
' An incident like this with a cane toad eating a big snake shows the potential for cane toads to impact heavily on our wildlife .
' Last year we saw a number of young keelbacks in one spot and a week later they were gone , but the adults were still there .
' We reflected at the time on whether cane toads had eaten them .
They 're taking on many things - when we open up their stomachs as part of our research we are finding centipedes , scorpions and spiders .
They have no fear .'
Employee of the Month : Harold " Kim "  Philby
From Russia With Love :
In 1940 , Kim Philby passed his security clearance with flying colors and was inducted into His Majesty 's Secret Service — the legendary British foreign intelligence office known as MI6 .
During the next 20 - some years ,
Philby slowly worked his way up the chain of command and was eventually promoted to head of Soviet Affairs .
For a while , he was even being groomed to be MI6's next Director General .
But , unbeknownst to MI6 , Philby had another employer .
Since 1934 , he 'd secretly been working as an agent for the KGB .
Neither Shaken , Nor Stirred : Strangely enough , MI6 officials had actually received several warnings about their star employee ; they 'd simply chosen to ignore them all .
As early as 1939 ( the very year Philby was recruited by British intelligence ) , a defecting KGB agent had reported a suspected spy whose background matched Philby 's exactly .
His testimony , however , was almost immediately discounted .
Another defector came forward with similar information in 1945 , only this time the ex-commie disappeared before he could give his full account .
Regardless , no one really seemed to suspect that Philby was up to anything — that is , until 1950 , when his background was reviewed in preparation for his possible appointment as Director General , and the earlier defector statements were reread .
The promotion was quickly sidelined — and yet , Philby was kept on at MI6 .
Even a year later , when he became the prime suspect accused of helping two other British double agents escape to Russia , Philby received no more than a slap on the wrist .
He eventually resigned under pressure , but was financially compensated and retained as an intelligence agent - for - hire .
In 1963 , after yet another Soviet defector fingered Philby , MI6 finally got on the ball and began a thorough investigation , only to find that their mole had defected to Moscow .
Star Trek and Star Wars keep venturing down the dreary route of prequels , and in the process , they 've made the universe a way less interesting place .
But prequels are n't just boring and predictable — they 're also morally wrong and a scourge on humanity , because they portray people as helpless pawns of a history that 's already set in stone .
Click through for five reasons why prequels are actually evil .
Advertisement
For some reason both of the big " Star " franchises are addicted to prequels .
With Star Trek , it 's the pre-Kirk show Enterprise , and now the young - Kirk movie directed by J.J. Abrams .
Star Wars , meanwhile , had its dull prequel trilogy , and now it 's plugging in the gaps between episodes two and three — and episodes three and four — with two new TV shows .
Advertisement
Here are our reasons why prequels are actually bad for the human race :
Prequels are anti-creativity .
When you decide to go back and fill in minor gaps in your backstory , you 're saying there 's no point in going forward .
There are no more interesting stories to tell about what happens after the last installment of your storyline .
That 's not just false , it 's actually an insult to writers everywhere .
I can think of 100 ways to continue Star Wars after Return of the Jedi .
And John Ostrander 's addictive Star Wars : Legacy comic proves that there 's still plenty of scope to move forward until that " long ago " era catches up to our own .
Prequels are anti-futurist .
The great joy of science fiction is that it encourages us to look to the future , to what happens next .
Prequels tell us that the future is n't that great , there 's really nothing to see beyond what we 've already seen .
Why not just take a nice detour back into the past , and revisit some of the stuff we 've already seen ?
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Prequels are anti-heroic .
There 's no point rooting for the good guys in a trilogy , because their future is already set in stone .
This can be a bleak future , like the fact that we know Anakin will become Darth Vader .
Or a happy one , like our certainty that the Federation will come to pass after Star Trek : Enterprise .
When you make a prequel , you 're coming down firmly on the side of predestination .
There 's no point in anyone sticking their neck out heroically , because future history is already set in stone .
( The new Star Trek movie may avoid this problem by allowing history to be changed .
J.J. Abrams has hinted strongly that the Trek universe may wind up being quite different after the time travel in his movie rewrites history . )
Prequels are all about trivia .
We 've already warned of the dangers in trying to answer fans ' minor niggling questions , and prequels are more likely to do this than any other kind of story .
You may already know that Captain Kirk outwitted the Kobayashi Maru test , but did you know what kind of boxer shorts he was wearing when he did it ?
No ?
Well , allow us to show you .
No , thanks .
I want to know what happened after the war with the Dominion and after Janeway crippled the Borg and after the Romulan government was destroyed .
Which brings me to the final problem :
A Guide To Fan Husbandry Doctor Who producer Russell T. Davies caused an uproar recently , when he said he does n't want to …
Read more
Advertisement
Prequels are small and personal .
I love small , intimate portrayals of people 's lives .
But that 's not what I look for from movies with " Star " in the title .
( Well , maybe A Star Is Born . )
By their nature , though , prequels have to be about a few people , not a larger topic .
We already know the Federation will be formed and the Starfleet uniforms will get more pajama - like , so the only question in our mind when we watch Enterprise is , " Will Trip Tucker sacrifice his life in a totally contrived moment during a pirate raid on the ship ? "
By taking all of the bigger issues off the table , prequels force us to focus entirely on the characters .
Who usually , sad to say , do n't hold up to it that well .
July 11 , 2008
On Wednesday , the US Congress overwhelmingly passed legislation permitting government spying , including giving immunity to telecommunications companies involved in secret domestic surveillance programs .
With the stroke of George W. Bush�s pen , the US is now a police state by definition .
The extent of the spying program , and its larger implications , have been revealed by Mark Klein , who blew the whistle on secret domestic spying program of Bush / Cheney�s National Security Agency ( NSA ) and AT&T : AT&T whistleblower : spy bill creates infrastructure for police state
The update of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , called the " FISA compromise , " or more appropriately , the " spy bill , " largely completes the triumph of the Bush / Cheney administration and a bipartisan criminal consensus .
By convenient design , the FISA revision derails pending lawsuits filed against the Bush administration�s corporate spying partners ( AT&T , Sprint Nextel , and Verizon ) , silences ( the largely empty - to - begin - with ) congressional investigations into the Bush administration�s illegal domestic spying program .
Presumptive Democratic presidential nominee Barack Obama and the Democrats have now moved to silence all discussion about the issue .
Fear itself , a.k.a. spying itself
Between the false flag mass murder of 9/11 and the creation of the " war on terrorism , " the USAPATRIOT Act and this new FISA revision , the Bush - Cheney administration and its enthusiastically complicit congressional partners have achieved total victory -- world war , open criminality , and the end of law itself .
It gives the US government unprecedented new spying powers and sweeping new legal cover for spying that goes well beyond even the original FISA law -- which itself was an abomination that already permitted the US president broad surveillance powers .
Given the fact that the US government is a wholly corrupted criminal organization by definition , the political spin over " oversight , " warrants , the involvement of the inspector general , etc. , is all the more transparently ridiculous : the operatives of such apparatuses do not investigate or punish their own .
Nor do they voluntarily stop the lucrative and intoxicating criminal activity that is their lifeblood .
In fact , the debate over the spy bill is a red herring , clouding the larger central ( purposely unaddressed ) issue : the " war on terrorism " lie itself .
The mass murder of 9/11 was a false flag operation , orchestrated and executed by the Bush administration .
The " war on terrorism " is a perpetual covert operation , an endless pretext for war and murder , supported by a bipartisan consensus .
( See Who is Osama bin Laden ? and Al - Qaeda : the database . )
No 9/11 , no " war on terrorism , " no war in the Middle East .
No " war on terrorism " lie , no dictatorial powers for the White House , and no beefed - up FISA .
Given that the " war on terrorism " is a lie , the need for unprecedented spying is also a lie .
Just as 9/11 remains the endless pretext for endless war and terrorism , it also remains , in its countless propaganda manifestations , the justification for open totalitarian rule of force and intimidation within US borders .
The totalitarian criminal agenda is fully endorsed by neoliberal Democrats , including Barack Obama .
According to the Obama campaign , " Senator Obama has said before that the compromise bill is not perfect .
Given the choice between voting for an improved yet imperfect bill , and losing important surveillance tools , Senator Obama chose to support the FISA compromise . "
The pro-surveillance Democrats , led by Senator Jay Rockefeller and Obama ( whose lame hemming - hawing justifications can be read here ) are repeating asinine lies , and groundless excuses .
In calling criminal spying and covert operations " important surveillance tools , " Obama is showing his truest colors .
Obama , whose politics and rhetoric have been consistently in line with the Bush / Cheney agenda on all of the most telling issues ( war in Afghanistan , war on Iran , " terrorism , " " homeland security , " globalization , and most recently , other right - wing positions ) , is a smooth - talking and appealing front for the Bush - Cheney status quo .
Obama and McCain , like Bush - Cheney , will continue to push the endless " war on terrorism " lie , and embrace every single criminal act conducted in the name of this propaganda construct .
All " homeland security " / Big Brother measures such as FISA , in any form , provides political cover for the US government to engage in criminal activity .
Any politician , be it Bush / Cheney or Obama , who approves of any sort of " surveillance " is guilty of committing a criminal act , and of raping the Constitution along the way .
Cynical posturing and election - year flatulence from Obama�s legion of defenders and fans cannot hide what has happened , or who is responsible .
The rape of the US Constitution is so overt and so egregious that it has set off a wave of outrage and backlash , spawning unusual new grassroots coalitions .
Clearly , however , the powers that be , including the Obama camp , have casually dismissed this relatively small portion of the US public out of its election - year calculations , regardless of how stridently they organize , blog , blow whistles or file lawsuits .
Senator Russ Feingold ( whose own record on opposing the Bush administration is less than stellar ) warned that the FISA revision " could mean millions upon millions of communications between innocent Americans and their friends , families or business associates overseas could now be legally collected . "
It means much more than Feingold states , and it has for many years -- perhaps decades .
Spying : the pre- and post - 9/11 norm Returning again to the expos� by whistleblower Mark Klein , his detailed and stomach - turning expos� , which includes materials from the key court cases , exposes the fact that the NSA began breaking into local telephone circuits in 2001 .
As pointed out by Robert Parry , the current program may have been in place before 2001 .
In other words , the spying program never had anything to do with international " terrorists , " and everything to do with a larger police state agenda , including the power to identify , designate and destroy individuals whose opinions run counter to those of whichever Big Brother is " in charge . "
This is a long - planned program that 9/11 allowed to push to full fruition .
It is a well - documented fact that the US government�s spying capabilities are overwhelming , and that continuous illegal surveillance has always trumped congressional oversight , and the law itself .
Obviously , the light reigning - in of criminal covert operations in the post - Watergate 1970s has been completely undone in the decades since .
Investigators such as former NSA operative James Bamford ( author of the expos� of the NSA , Body of Secrets ) and Mike Ruppert�s Crossing the Rubicon : The Decline of the American Empire at the End of the Age of Oil have thoroughly detailed the pervasiveness and effectiveness of a wide range of spying and intelligence programs used by intelligence and law enforcement agencies .
These include Echelon and PROMIS , which are used by operatives in criminal fashion , as ordered by high - level officials , specifically to get around all oversight .
Completely unaddressed throughout the years of noise over spying and FISA , the Total Information Awareness Program ( formerly known as DARPA , and spearheaded by Iran - Contra participant John Poindexter ) has found new life as the IARPA program .
Nobody is talking about IARPA .
Nobody will .
Welcome to hell , again The George W. Bush administration seized the White House in 2000 by way of an openly stolen election , then cemented its criminal power into place with the unprecedented 9/11 mass murder , and its two resulting abominations : the fabricated " war on terrorism " ( the pretext for endless global war ) , and the USAPATRIOT Act ( the full - scale destruction of the Constitution , and the militarization of the US homeland ) .
These continuing atrocities were the works of a bipartisan " war on terrorism " consensus , a full partnership at the top echelons , whose overriding agenda is the survival of the criminal racket known as the Anglo - American empire .
The deepening of the war and security state has continued unabated .
Under a US Congress with a Democratic Party majority , nothing been done to stop , reverse or undo the world war , boundless US government criminality , open corruption , or the absolute and systematic rape of law itself .
Now , particularly with a looming US presidential election , leading members of both political parties have shown their true colors : as flagrant proponents of military - intelligence / " homeland security , " and enthusiastic destroyers of the Constitution .
In The CIA and the Cult of Intelligence , Victor Marchetti and John Marks wrote in 1974 , " The clandestine mentality is a mind - set that thrives on secrecy and deception .
It encourages professional amorality --- the belief that righteous goals can be achieved through the use of unprincipled and normally unacceptable means .
. . .
" Today , exemplified by actions of the bipartisan US consensus , assisted by an acquiescent and dumbed - down populace , the clandestine mentality is not clandestine .
" Professional amorality " is the norm --- celebrated openly , and opposed by few . "
In other words , your life and all of your communications -- from your emails , your web searches , medical records , and financial information , to your reading this article and clicking this web site -- has been " hoovered up " by the US government�s spying machine , to be used against you at some future time , if the powers that be so choose .
If 9/11 , the USAPATRIOT Act , and the relentless destruction of law since 2000 have not already made it abundantly clear , a " Homeland Security " police state within US borders , courtesy of the spy bill , is now complete .
Not even the trappings of a democracy remain .
SAN FRANCISCO , Nov. 16 — One of the world ’s most prominent cryptographers issued a warning on Friday about a hypothetical incident in which a math error in a widely used computing chip places the security of the global electronic commerce system at risk .
Adi Shamir , a professor at the Weizmann Institute of Science in Israel , circulated a research note about the problem to a small group of colleagues .
He wrote that the increasing complexity of modern microprocessor chips is almost certain to lead to undetected errors .
Historically , the risk has been demonstrated in incidents like the discovery of an obscure division bug in Intel ’s Pentium microprocessor in 1994 and , more recently , in a multiplication bug in Microsoft ’s Excel spreadsheet program , he wrote .
A subtle math error would make it possible for an attacker to break the protection afforded to some electronic messages by a popular technique known as public key cryptography .
Not all business travelers who become ill or injured at airports -- or simply need vaccinations before the trip -- can expect such quick treatment .
Airport medical resources vary widely , from medical clinics with doctors ( and sometimes dentists , surgeons , pharmacies and medical labs ) to those that rely on airport police and workers trained in emergency medical responses .
Some airport clinics are open 24 hours a day , like those at Kennedy International Airport and Singapore Changi ( which has two others that stay open until 2 a .m. ) .
Others , like those at San Francisco International and Vancouver International , are open during business hours .
Still others handle only airline employees .
Many transfer patients to nearby or affiliated hospitals for treatment after diagnosis .
Deborah DiSanzo , vice president and general manger for cardiac resuscitation at Philips Medical Systems , which supplies automatic defibrillators to 16 airports in the United States , says it displays them in places '' where you can run to them and back in under two minutes . ''
That is because the survival rate from sudden cardiac arrest declines 10 percent every minute , to just 50 percent after five minutes , she says .
At the O'Hare International , Midway and Meigs Field airports in Chicago , the lives of 11 out of 21 cardiac arrest victims were saved by passers - by using the defibrillators over a two - year period , according to a study published in The New England Journal of Medicine in 2002 .
The devices give voice commands to apply the pads to a person 's bare chest , plug in the connectors and press the button to administer an electric shock .
At the country 's busiest airport clinic , Kennedy Medical Office near the American Airlines terminal at Kennedy Airport , more than 40,000 patients show up a year .
They have included a smuggler who swallowed $ 125,000 that was contained in more than 100 plastic bags ; a pilot whose blue - green color blindness caused by Viagra made him misread the control panel ; feuding taxi drivers with broken noses ; passengers suspected of exotic diseases ; and even a cat who perished from smoke inhalation from an airport hotel fire .
Although China and the US are strategic rivals , each depends on global markets , finance , and innovation , and needs to co-opt other countries and regions in order to sustain its own power .
For this reason , both will use multilateralism , formal and informal , to protect the system within which they have flourished and to solidify their alliances .
Two Harris County Jail officers fired over prisoner death Sergeant , jailer falsified statements , officials say
Harris County Jail prisoner Clarence Crawford Freeman died on Jan. 10 after being subdued by a jail detention officer on Jan .
1 . The officer and a sergeant have been fired over the incident .
Harris County Jail prisoner Clarence Crawford Freeman died on Jan. 10 after being subdued by a jail detention officer on Jan .
1 . The officer and a sergeant have been fired over the incident .
Photo : Harris County Sheriff's Office Photo : Harris County Sheriff's Office Image 1 of / 5 Caption Close Two Harris County Jail officers fired over prisoner death 1 / 5 Back to Gallery
Two Harris County Jail officers have been fired for their actions following the death of an inmate earlier this year , officials announced Friday as federal authorities continued a rare inspection of the lockup .
Detention Officer Nathan Hartfield , 36 , and Sgt. Joyce Harris , 44 , were fired after sheriff 's officials determined they lied about the New Year 's Day confrontation that resulted in the death of Clarence Freeman , Maj .
Don McWilliams said .
Freeman died in a hospital a few days after being forcibly subdued by Hartfield , who had worked for the department for two years .
Harris , a 16 - year veteran , was his supervisor at the time of the incident , McWilliams said .
No charges have been filed .
Investigators have said Hartfield was escorting Freeman to an isolation cell , where the inmate was to file a written grievance over jailers ' refusal to give him a second tray of food that he believed he'd been promised for doing extra work .
But before they made it to the cell , the jailer and prisoner got into a physical confrontation that ended with Freeman in a choke hold .
Freeman , who was serving a two - year sentence for writing a hot check , died on Jan. 10 after being taken off life support .
The Harris County Medical Examiner 's Office concluded the 42 - year - old died from respiratory failure after compression of his neck .
Doctors found that Freeman had developed a blood clot .
Before he died , Freeman gave investigators a written statement about the incident , records show .
Freeman said the jailer choked him until he was nearly unconscious .
Freeman also stated he lost control of his bodily functions .
" On the way to lockup , the officer put his hands around my neck to throw me to the ground , " Freeman stated .
" I never resisted . "
Afterward , McWilliams said , Harris told Hartfield to report that she had instructed him to move Freeman because he was creating a disturbance .
Investigators determined , however , that Harris actually was outside the building at the time , talking on her cell phone , and unaware of what was going on between Hartfield and Freeman .
DA to study findings
When confronted on Monday about their statements , both admitted they had lied , McWilliams said .
They were fired on Thursday .
Officers are not required to inform supervisors when inmates are moved from cell to cell , but it is common practice to notify them , officials said .
Harris declined to comment when approached at her home Friday , and Hartfield did not return a phone message seeking comment .
Once the Sheriff 's Office has completed its investigation , the findings will be turned over to the District Attorney 's Office , McWilliams said .
In his statement about the confrontation , Hartfield said he " secured " his left arm under Freeman 's neck until Freeman was subdued .
He described the movement as a choke hold .
McWilliams said deputies and detention officers are not trained to use choke holds .
They are , however , allowed to take necessary actions to defend themselves , McWilliams added .
Due for release in September , Freeman was brought to the Harris County Jail from a state facility in Travis County last summer to testify as a witness in a murder case .
Sheriff 's officials earlier this year gave the following account of the events leading up to Freeman 's death :
Freeman became confrontational as Hartfield escorted him to the isolation cell .
When Hartfield told him to get up against a wall , Freeman refused and struck the officer in the face with an elbow .
Hartfield then forced the inmate to the ground .
That led to the struggle , which lasted less than a minute .
Another detention officer , Travis Jarel Vaughn , saw both men on the ground .
He helped Hartfield handcuff Freeman while the inmate was on his stomach .
Hartfield , Vaughn reported , helped the prisoner to his feet .
Then Freeman was escorted to the jail 's medical clinic , where he complained he was having trouble breathing .
Examining the jail
Hartfield said in his statement that after the confrontation he noticed Freeman having trouble breathing .
He had blood on his lips and smelled as if he had soiled himself .
The jail clinic staff recommended Freeman be taken to LBJ Hospital .
Freeman 's medical condition deteriorated , prompting doctors to move him to an intensive care unit , according to a report filed by the Sheriff 's Office with the Texas Attorney General 's Office .
Freeman went into respiratory distress and developed a blood clot .
On Jan. 9 , doctors declared him brain - dead .
Cherry Bradley - Freeman , who said she was Freeman 's wife , said the firings give her hope that the people responsible for her husband 's death will face justice .
" I 'm glad that they have come forward and admitted to what I already knew , " she said .
The firings came three days after the U.S. Department of Justice on Tuesday launched what was expected to be a five - day inspection of the downtown county jail facilities to determine whether the jail is operating under lawful conditions .
While federal authorities have declined to say what specifically prompted their investigation , the jail has come under scrutiny in recent months for inmate deaths .
The facility also has been criticized for overcrowding , poor sanitation and questionable access to medical treatment and prescription drugs .
Although the state inspects the jail each April , this is the first time federal authorities have toured the facilities , said Chief Deputy Mike Smith , who supervises detention operations for the Sheriff 's Office .
The inspection team , consisting of about nine people , told the Sheriff 's Office they would be on site through today , Smith said .
Nearly 11,000 inmates are housed at the various Harris County Jail facilities .
If the investigation finds violations , federal officials will suggest ways to improve conditions .
If those recommendations are not met , federal law allows the attorney general to sue the county .
Two days after Freeman 's death , another inmate , Margarita Saavedra , 44 , died from sepsis due to a bacterial infection in her left knee , an autopsy shows .
Saavedra had hurt her knee in the jail two weeks earlier and complained to her family that medical staff were not caring for her injury , said her son , Jose Saavedra .
Chronicle reporters Allan Turner , Peggy O'Hare and Leslie Casimir contributed to this report .
dale.lezon@chron.com
Campbell Robertson , a reporter for The Times , and an occasional cartoonist , is talking to voters around North Carolina in the week leading up to the state ’s primary on Tuesday .
His reports will be presented in graphic form .
This is a simple interpreter that can evaluate basic scheme expressions .
Currently the following expressions exist : lambdas , function calls , variables , if , set ! , numeric literals .
The library has a few simple arithmetic functions bounded .
Proper lambdas seem to work ( now really , after I 've fixed envfind ) , except that varargs are not supported .
Most library functions and types like lists and vectors are missing .
There 's also no type distinctness or quote .
These , however , could be easy to implement .
Macros would be harder , but also possible ; though some derived expression types could be coded directly in J. Call / cc would be impossible to implement this way , and a garbage collector would be very difficult as well .
The interpreter has the following parts .
The tok verb splits a scheme code string to tokens , but does n't actually decode those tokens .
The rdr verb reads a scheme code string to a tree , but the leafs of the tree are still the undecoded tokens .
The placmak , placref , and placset functions create , get , and set the contents of mutable cells : these cells are used to implement set !.
The cells are indexed by integers , and are never destroyed , so we do n't have garbage - collection .
The run verb runs a scheme source tree ( returned by rdr ) in an environment .
The environment is a rank 2 array whose first column contains the boxed names of variables in the environment , and second column has the boxed indices of the cell in the cell vector that will always contain the contents of that variable .
This function dispatches to one of the six functions runnum , runsym , runset , runcall , runif , runlambda depending on the type of the expression .
Scheme procedures are represented as J gerunds of monadic functions that accept a list of boxed scheme arguments as its argument .
The lambda verb creates such a function from the environment and the function body .
NB . interpreter experiment in J by zsban NB . tokenizer and reader spcp = : e.&( 9 10 11 12 13 32{a. ) tok1 = : (((~:1&|.)@:spcp+.(+.1&|. ) @:( e.&'( ) ' ) ) < ;.2 ] ) tok = : ((#~-.@:spcp@:{.@:>" 0 ) @:tok1@ : ( , &' ' ) ) ::[ : rdrc = : ( '( ) 'i.{.@ :>) rdrs = : rdrb`rdre`rdra@.( rdrc@ :{. ) rdrb = : ( < @:} : , rdrs@ :>@:{ :) @ : rdrs@:}. rdre = : < @:}. rdra = : {. , rdrs@:}. rdr1 = : {.@:rdrs@ : ( , &( <' ) ' ) ) rdr = : ( rdr1 @ : tok ) ::[ : NB.echo rdr '( lambda ( x ) (+ 1 (* x x ) x ) ) '
NB . mutable places placv = : i.0 placmak =: 3 :'<:# placv= : placv , <y ' placref =: 3 :'> y{placv ' placset =: 4 :'0 : placv= :( <y ) x}placv ' NB . default environment denv = : i.0 2 denvadd =: 4 :' 0 : denv=: denv , ( , x ) ; placmak y' '+' denvadd +/@:>`'' '-' denvadd ( {.-+/@:}. ) `( -@:{. ) @.( 1=#)@:>`'' '*' denvadd */@:>`'' '/' denvadd ( {.%*/@:}. ) `( %@:{. ) @.(1=#)@:>`'' ' floor ' denvadd <.@:{.@:>`'' ' exp ' denvadd ^@ :{.@:>`'' ' log ' denvadd ^.@:{.@ :>`'' ' <' denvadd ( [:*./2</\] ) @:>`'' ' =' denvadd ( [:*./2=/\ ] ) @:>`'' '< =' denvadd ( [:*./2<:/\] ) @:>`'' ' not ' denvadd -.@:{.@:>`'' ' g0 ' denvadd 0 NB .
evaluator runl = : [ < @:run " _ 0 >@ :] envfind = : ( [ :>[:{:[{ ~{. " 1@ :[i : ] ) match = : ( [ , < @:placmak@ :>@ : ] ) " 0 lambda1 =: 2 :'>@:{ : ( u , (>@:{.v) match y ) runl ( < @:}.v ) '
NB.lambda1 =: 2 :'( u , (>@:{.v) match y ) ; ( < @:}.v ) ; 9 ' lambda =: 4 :'( x lambda1 y ) `( i.0 ) ' runnum = : {.@:, @:( _.& " . ) @:>@ :] runsym = : placref @ : envfind runset = : [ : 0 : ( [ envfind 1 { >@ : ] ) placset ( [ run 2 { >@ : ] ) runcall = : [ : (> @:{. 4 :'x@.0 y' }. ) runl runif = : [ run ( [ :-.[ run 1 { >@ : ] ) { ( ( <'0 ' ) , ~2}.>@ : ] ) runlambda = : [ lambda }.@:>@ :] keywd = : ( ' lambda ' ; ' if ' ; ' set ! ' ) &i. runo = : runlambda`runif`runset`runcall@.( keywd@:{.@:>@ : ] ) runa = : runsym`runnum@ .((( e. &'0123456789+-'@:{.@ :>) >( e.&(+`-) ) ) @ : ] ) run = : runo`runa@ .( 1=L.@ : ] ) NB .
putting it together eval = : denv&run @ : rdr ::[ : echo eval 0 :0 ( ( ( lambda ( fact ) ( set ! fact ( lambda ( n ) ( if (< n 1 ) 1 (* n ( fact (- n 1 ) ) ) ) ) ) fact ) 0 ) 5 ) ) echo eval '(( lambda ( a ) ( ( lambda ( a ) a ) 2 ) ) 5 ) '
NB . must give 2 NB .
END
Tangentstorm has some notes about this code at http://tangentstorm.github.io/apljk/bjonas-scheme.ijs.html
Isabel Lucas Identified as Passenger in Shia LaBeouf Car Accident
's 23 - year - old co-star in " Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen , " was the unfortunate passenger in the crash that flipped the actor 's truck in the early morning hours on Sunday .
LaBeouf , 22 , was at the Troubadour club on Santa Monica Boulevard Saturday evening watching the Lemon Son band .
" He was dancing around and acting really crazy , " according to a source .
" He kept doing shots of whiskey .
" He stayed until the band was done and then stumbled out of the club by himself , " the witness reported .
Shia was arrested for DUI and was taken to Cedars - Sinai Medical Center where he underwent extensive surgery for a hand injury sustained during the accident .
Lucas , who is reportedly dating Entourage star Adrian Grenier , was treated for minor head injuries and released .
According to her publicist , the actress is " at work , on the set of Transformers and is fine ' ' .
View photos from the car accident .
photo : Wenn
Usage Public Domain Contributor Eric Spiegelman
" The Battle of China , " Chapter VI of Frank Capra 's " Why We Fight "
series , explains why the Empire of Japan possessed such a strong
interest in ruling the disparate lands of China .
In an attempt to break
the will of the Chinese people in one massive assault , Japan invades
Nanking and massacres forty thousand civilians .
The attack results in
an opposite effect , galvanizing the Chinese resistance and unifying the
separate lands into a single Chinese identity .
While the Japanese take
control of all Chinese ports , hoping to cut off all resources from its
victim , China 's allies effectuate an engineering miracle .
They
construct the seven hundred mile long Burma Road over the mountains of
Myanmar , and set up a constant caravan of trucks to ship food and
materiel to the Chinese armies , keeping them alive .
Frustrated by their
inability to conquer China , the Japanese turn their attention to the
islands of the Pacific , and the United States .
Addeddate 2005-08-31 11:08:31 Color color Identifier BattleOfChina Sound sound
Several mammals do not exist in Ireland DIY retailer B&Q is recalling sonic mole repellers from its Northern Ireland stores - because the mammals do not exist in Ireland .
The chain admitted it had been a mistake to stock the devices in its NI stores and that they had been on sale for several months .
It stocks two mole repellers - one priced £ 19.98 and the other £ 14.98 .
Both are to be withdrawn from sale .
" The mole repellents were sent to Northern Ireland by mistake and will be removed from stores in the near future , " a B&Q spokesman told BBC News .
Moles , which are almost blind , live underground and burrow holes , with some species aquatic or semi-aquatic .
' Sea level rose ' Professor Ian Montgomery from Queen 's University said there were no moles at all in Ireland .
" The origin of the Irish mammal fauna is very interesting because the major process is one of glaciation , " he said .
" During the last ice age , most parts of Ireland were covered , as was Britain , and as the ice retreated animals from the south moved northwards .
" They moved through continental Europe .
They got into Britain , but they did n't get into Ireland because the sea level rose too quickly .
" As a result , Ireland was left without moles , whereas moles managed to get into Britain . "
There were quite a number of mammals which did not exist in Ireland , said the academic .
" For example , we only have one field mouse here - which was probably brought in with early man .
There are stoats in Ireland , but there are no weasels " We are without the common shrew , but we have the pygmy shrew .
" We have about half the number of bat species compared to Britain and to the rest of Europe .
We do n't have weasels , but we do have stoats .
" Snakes , and reptiles in general , are poorly represented .
" But we do have the common lizard , we have slow worms - but they have been introduced - and there is probably the odd grassnake around , that again has been introduced . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Since we got here in November , the craptain has been obsessed with " crabbing " .
He bought his personal limit , and another crew - member bought HIS limit , ( he 's since lost all interest in " ceabbing " ) every week , the Craptain goes out and collects the traps and re-baits them .
His sister and brother in law are staying on the ship ( despite a very explicit " no visitors ' policy outlined by the owner of the company on the day he took over ... ) and he took the BIL out to catch stone crabs yesterday .
They had a good haul .
And I mean they came back with about us $ 150.00 worth of claws ...
I never stick around and eat the claws with the dude .
I simply can't stand him .
BUT , he 's always put the leftovers in the ' fridge and I usually will eat the remainder after he passes out .
Last night was no different , they ate about 25 JUMBO claws , and I retreated to my cabin .
I took a little nap and got up around 2200 and ate the rest .
There were about ten jumbos left in the ' fridge , and I only expected to eat about four , but they were so frigging good that I ate them all .
Today , one of the craptains 's friends ( truth be told , he really does n't like the Craptain all that much , and he worked with my former company and we both know all the same people , so I can make a joke about some guy and he 'll get it .
I like to think he likes to visit the ship to see me , but who knows ... )
Anyway , I 'm sitting around and I eat all the left - over claws .
They are not as good as Lobsters , but they were pretty fucking good .
I mean so good that the four that I wanted to eat , ended up being the whole bag of 10 or 12 .
So this afternoon , I sit n the beer - cooler , around the corner .
It 's out of the sun and cool on the ass .
I sit around the corner , and this dude who likes me but not him comes around and I hear the Craptain saying " Well I HAD a dozen Jumbo Stone crab claws for you , but Saltdawg ATE THEM ALL , EVERY LAST ONE !
last night ! "
So I came out from around the corner and apologized to the dude , saying that :
Hey , whenever he 's left claws in the ' fridge , it usually means they are fair - game , besides , I only wanted to eat about four , BUT They were just so freaking GOOD ! & cetera ...
My man countered with telling Craptain that he still had a dozen claws from 2 weeks ago , and , and , and ...
Anyway , the Craptain is obviously pissed with me , and I 'm expecting some sort of repercussions in the next couple of days .
He 's a Narcissist , and expects grand displays of adoration for minor displays of forethought .
I robbed him of his minor display ( which nobody cared about anyway )
But the relations and the dude saw how pathetic it all was .
Anyway , if he searches my cabin and finds all these empty gallons of Whiskey , expect me home sooner than June / July ...
XOXO
The federal government took control of Pasadena - based IndyMac Bank on Friday in what regulators called the second - largest bank failure in U.S. history .
Citing a massive run on deposits , regulators shut its main branch three hours early , leaving customers stunned and upset .
One woman leaned on the locked doors , pleading with an employee inside : “ Please , please , I want to take out a portion . ”
All she could do was read a two - page notice taped to the door .
The bank ’s 33 branches will be closed over the weekend , but the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. will reopen the bank on Monday as IndyMac Federal Bank , said the Office of Thrift Supervision in Washington .
Customers will not be able to bank by phone or Internet over the weekend , regulators said , but can continue to use ATMs , debit cards and checks .
Normal branch hours , online banking and phone banking services are to resume Monday .
Federal authorities estimated that the takeover of IndyMac , which had $ 32 billion in assets , would cost the FDIC $ 4 billion to $ 8 billion .
Regulators said deposits of up to $ 100,000 were safe and insured by the FDIC .
The agency ’s insurance fund has assets of about $ 52 billion .
Advertisement
IndyMac ’s failure had been widely expected in recent days .
As the bank was shuttering offices and laying off employees to cope with huge losses from defaulted mortgages made at the height of the housing boom , nervous depositors were pulling out $ 100 million a day .
The bank ’s stock price had plummeted to less than $ 1 as analysts predicted the company ’s imminent demise .
The takeover of IndyMac came amid rampant speculation that the federal government would also have to take over lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , which together stand behind almost half of the nation ’s mortgage debt .
Shares of the two mortgage giants have nose - dived this week and fell again Friday , helping to drag down the Dow Jones industrial average 128.48 points , or 1.1 % , to close at 11,100.54 .
Investors and analysts are concerned that the two government - chartered companies need to raise billions of dollars to offset expected losses stemming from mortgage defaults , but will be unable to do so in the private market .
Officials in Washington spent most of Friday trying to knock down rumors of a government bailout .
IndyMac , which once employed 10,000 , fell prey to a classic run on the bank , and regulators singled out Sen. Charles E. Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) as having helped to fuel massive withdrawals .
On June 26 , Schumer said in letters to the FDIC , the OTS and two other federal agencies that IndyMac might have “ serious problems ” with its loan holdings .
Advertisement
“ I am concerned that IndyMac ’s financial deterioration poses significant risks to both taxpayers and borrowers , ” he wrote .
The bank “ could face a failure if prescriptive measures are not taken quickly . ”
That public warning prompted depositors to pull $ 1.3 billion out of accounts between June 27 and Thursday .
“ This institution failed today due to a liquidity crisis , ” John M. Reich , director of the OTS , said at a news conference Friday afternoon .
“ Although this institution was already in distress , the deposit run pushed IndyMac over the edge . ”
Schumer said in a statement that the cause of IndyMac ’s failure was “ poor and loose lending practices ” that should have been prevented by more active regulation .
Later , a Schumer spokesman said : “ Mr. Reich , a political appointee , should be spending less time playing politics and more time doing his job . ”
Advertisement
IndyMac is the second - largest financial institution failure in U.S. history , following only Continental Illinois Bank , which had assets of about $ 40 billion before it was shuttered in 1984 .
It is the fifth FDIC - insured failure of the year .
Reich emphasized that though other financial institutions remained on the agency ’s danger list , he believed most of them would be able to work their way back to solvency .
“ The IndyMac situation is unique .
It does not signal a direction for the industry as a whole , ” he said .
IndyMac ’s board boasts a number of California luminaries .
Among the directors , according to a proxy statement the company filed in March , is Pat Haden , 55 , a former star quarterback for USC and the Los Angeles Rams , who has been a partner of Riordan , Lewis & Haden , the investment firm founded by former Los Angeles Mayor Richard Riordan , since 1987 .
Other directors include Lyle E. Gramley , 81 , a former governor of the Federal Reserve ; Bruce G. Willison , 59 , former dean of the Anderson Graduate School of Management at UCLA ; and Lydia H. Kennard , 53 , former executive director of Los Angeles World Airports , which operates Los Angeles International .
Advertisement
IndyMac had been operating under close regulatory scrutiny since January , when the OTS determined that the company was in ill health .
The bank lost $ 614.8 million in 2007 and $ 184.2 million during the first quarter of this year , largely as the result of souring home loans .
IndyMac , which posted $ 342.9 million in profit in 2006 , had been a leader in so - called alt - A mortgages , which were made to borrowers with decent credit who often were n’t required to verify their income to get the loan .
That year , the company ’s stock price peaked at $ 50 a share , valuing IndyMac at a tidy $ 3.5 billion .
However , as the real estate market slowed , the company ’s loan losses ballooned .
In its March report to regulators , the company said that 8.86 % of its loans were delinquent , up from 1.51 % the year before .
By the end of 2007 , the company ’s shares were selling for $ 6 .
They closed at 28 cents Friday .
IndyMac , which has been selling and closing offices , revamped its business to focus solely on so - called conforming loans , which are relatively small - balance mortgages made to people with good credit and that can be immediately resold on the secondary market .
Reich said it was unclear whether the moves would have proved sufficient to save the troubled thrift .
Advertisement
“ Would the institution have failed without the deposit run ? ” he said .
“ We will never know . ”
At 3 p.m. Friday , IndyMac shut the doors to its main branch in Pasadena , three hours early , leaving customers angry and surprised .
Georgi Arnold of El Monte had come to deposit $ 230 into her checking account but was n’t allowed inside .
“ I am livid , ” said Arnold , 32 .
“ I ’m glad I closed my savings account already . ”
Arnold said she had “ a few thousand dollars ” in the bank , money she uses for her children , small bills and vacations .
“ Best believe first thing come Monday I ’ll be drawing out all my money and closing my account because this is ridiculous , ” she said .
Jagdish Belgaum rushed to the bank after hearing the news , only to be locked out .
The 42 - year - old South Pasadena resident said he had about five CD accounts totaling just under $ 100,000 .
Advertisement
“ Luckily I do n’t need the money right away , ” said Belgaum , a chief technology officer at a medical management company .
“ I ’m more afraid of the long line on Monday .
That ’s why I came running . ”
IndyMac announced Monday that it was laying off 3,800 employees .
FDIC spokesman David Barr said Friday outside IndyMac headquarters that “ the bulk of the employees will be needed to run this as a full - service bank . ”
But a handful of employees who were leaving the building appeared to be preparing for the worst , lugging boxes of belongings and saying goodbye to one another .
One woman carried out a potted plant .
Regulators said they hoped to sell the bank within 90 days .
The FDIC has set up a toll - free phone line -- ( 866 ) 806-5919 -- and a page on its website -- www.fdic.gov/bank/individual /failed/IndyMac.html -- for bank customers to obtain information .
Advertisement
IndyMac Bank is the main subsidiary of IndyMac Bancorp .
It was unclear what would happen to the holding company in light of the seizure .
--
kathy.kristof@latimes.com
--
Advertisement
andrea.chang@latimes.com
--
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
IndyMac Bank
Advertisement
Headquarters : Pasadena
Chief executive : Michael W. Perry
Founded : 1985 by Angelo R. Mozilo and David Loeb
2007 loss : $ 614.8 million
Advertisement
Employees : 3,400 ( after 3,800 layoffs announced Monday )
As a regular user of Twitter I 've felt the waves of frustration wash over me these past couple of weeks as the service has been hit by one outage after another .
This led me to start pondering the problem space [ especially as it relates to what I 'm currently working on at work ] and deduce that the service must have some serious architectural flaws which have nothing to do with the reason usually thrown about by non-technical pundits ( i.e. Ruby on Rails is to blame ) .
Some of my suspicions were confirmed by a recent post on the Twitter developer blog entitled Twittering about architecture which contains the following excerpt
Twitter is , fundamentally , a messaging system .
Twitter was not architected as a messaging system , however .
For expediency 's sake , Twitter was built with technologies and practices that are more appropriate to a content management system .
Over the last year and a half we 've tried to make our system behave like a messaging system as much as possible , but that 's introduced a great deal of complexity and unpredictability .
When we 're in crisis mode , adding more instrumentation to help us navigate the web of interdependencies in our current architecture is often our primary recourse .
This is , clearly , not optimal .
Our direction going forward is to replace our existing system , component - by - component , with parts that are designed from the ground up to meet the requirements that have emerged as Twitter has grown .
Given that Twitter has some unique requirements that would put to test a number of off - the - shelf and even custom messaging applications , it is shocking that it is n't even architected as a messaging system .
This makes sense when you consider the background of the founders was a blogging tool and they originally intended Twitter to be a " micro " blogging service .
If Twitter was simply a micro-content publishing tool with push notifications for SMS and IM then the team would n't be faulted for designing it as a Content Management System ( CMS ) .
In that case you 'd just need three data structures
a persistent store for each users tweets
a cache of their tweets in memory to improve read performance
a persistent list of [ IM and SMS ] end points subscribed to each users tweets and an asynchronous job ( i.e. a daemon ) which publishes to each users subscribers after each post
Unfortunately , Twitter is n't just a blogging tool that allows people to subscribe to my posts via SMS & IM instead of just RSS .
It also has the notion of followers .
That 's when things get hairy .
Isreal over at AssetBar had a great post about this entitled Twitter - proxy : Any Interest ?
where he wrote
Consider the messaging problem : Nothing is as easy as it looks .
When Robert Scoble writes a simple “ I ’m hanging out with … ” message , Twitter has about two choices of how they can dispatch that message : PUSH the message to the queue ’s of each of his 6,864 24,875 followers , or Wait for the 6,864 24,875 followers to log in , then PULL the message .
The trouble with # 2 is that people like Robert also follow 6,800 21,146 people .
And it ’s unacceptable for him to login and then have to wait for the system to open records on 6,800 21,146 people ( across multiple db shards ) , then sort the records by date and finally render the data .
Users would be hating on the HUGE latency .
So , the twitter model is almost certainly # 1 .
Robert ’s message is copied ( or pre-fetched ) to 6,864 users , so when those users open their page / client , Scoble ’s message is right there , waiting for them .
The users are loving the speed , but Twitter is hating on the writes .
All of the writes .
How many writes ?
A 6000X multiplication factor :
Do you see a scaling problem with this scenario ?
Scoble writes something –boom– 6,800 21,146 writes are kicked off .
1 for each follower .
Michael Arrington replies –boom–another 6,600 17,918 writes .
Jason Calacanis jumps in –boom–another 6,500 25,972 writes .
Beyond the 19,900 65,036 writes , there ’s a lot of additional overhead too .
You have to hit a DB to figure out who the 19,900 65,036 followers are .
Read , read , read .
Then possibly hit another DB to find out which shard they live on .
Read , read , read .
Then you make a connection and write to that DB host , and on success , go back and mark the update as successful .
Depending on the details of their messaging system , all the overhead of lookup and accounting could be an even bigger task than the 19,900 65,036 reads + 19,900 65,036 writes .
Do you even want to think about the replication issues ( multiply by 2 or 3 ) ?
Watch out for locking , too .
And here ’s the kicker : that giant processing & delivery effort–possibly a combined 100K 130 K disk IOs– was caused by 3 users , each just sending one , tiny , 140 char message .
How innocent it all seemed .
Not only does Isreal 's post accurately describes the problem with the logical model for Twitter 's " followers " feature , it looks like he may have also nailed the details of their implementation which would explain the significant issues they 've had scaling the site .
The problem is that if you naively implement a design that simply reflects the problem statement then you will be in disk I /O hell .
It wo n't matter if you are using Ruby on Rails , Cobol on Cogs , C++ or hand coded assembly , the read & write load will kill you .
This leads me to my new mantra which I 've stolen from Jim Gray via Pat Helland ; DISK IS THE NEW TAPE .
In addition , the fact that the Twitter folks decided not to cap the number of followers or following may have saved them from the kind of flames that Robert Scoble sends at Facebook for having a 5000 friend limit but it also means that they not only have to deal with supporting users with thousands of followers but also users that follow thousands of users [ both of which would be optimized in completely different ways ] .
Clearly a lot of feature decisions have been made on that product without thought to how they impact the scalability of the service .
PS : If this problem space sounds interesting to you , we 're hiring .
I 'm specifically looking for good operations folks .
Shoot me a resume at dareo@msft.com - replace msft.com with microsoft.com
Now Playing : Rick Ross - Maybach Music ( featuring Jay-Z )
An anarchist group claims it has official transportation plans that will help it immobilize the Republication National Convention , in St. Paul this September .
But police say they 're not worried about the leaked document , which maps delegate routes to and from the Xcel Energy Center .
Pete Panos , St. Paul police spokesman , said officials are n't sure the March 5 document is authentic .
" It 's not a document we 're using , " he said .
" Anything put out now is going to be a working document . "
Moreover , Panos , said the posted document contains mostly " common sense stuff . "
" Are we using buses ?
Yes , " he said .
" Are we going to let the anarchists block the roads ?
No . "
The self - described anarchist group calls itself the RNC Welcoming Committee .
The group provided a link to the " handy " document on its website Thursday and said that the information came " straight from the convention planners themselves . "
Much of the document , posted on the Indymedia.org website , details where buses would be staged , loaded , routed and returned .
It includes maps and numbers of passengers .
The RNC Welcoming Committee plans to block traffic and keep delegates from getting to the convention using strategies described on its site :
" Tier One " calls for creating 15 to 20 blockades -- " an inner and outer ring around St. Paul 's Excel Center , where the RNC is to take place . "
" Tier Two " is to " immobilize the delegates ' transportation infrastructure , including the buses that are to convey them . "
A response to an e-mail request for an interview said the group " will likely put out a statement about this issue by Monday after having had time to address it as a full group .
" Because we operate with consensus process and value our message over individual spokespeople , we rarely do individual interviews , " the e-mail continues .
RNC spokesman Matt Burns declined to comment on the document 's origins or how it was leaked .
" We are confident we 'll have a safe and successful convention , " he said by e-mail Friday .
President Bush on Tuesday submitted three new nominees to the Federal Election Commission , a move that could help end a political impasse that has left the agency paralyzed in the midst of a heated presidential campaign .
The regulatory agency , which monitors compliance with federal election laws , for months has had only two commissioners out of a usual complement of six , leaving it without a quorum and powerless to act on complaints , issue advisory opinions and police the record spending in this year ’s presidential campaign .
The standoff centered on objections by Senate Democrats to the nomination of Hans von Spakovsky , a former Justice Department official .
Meanwhile , Senate Republicans demanded that Mr. Spakovsky be voted on in a package with other nominees , something Democrats refused to do .
The White House declined on Tuesday to withdraw Mr. Spakovsky ’s nomination , but a spokeswoman , Emily Lawrimore , said Republican officials were now willing to allow each of the nominees to be voted upon separately .
I 'm reaching out to the collective experience of my readers .
Today I received a letter from a US attorney that claims that Bla - bla List infringes on US Patent No. 6,917,941 .
Bla -bla List has just been an experiment for me with Rich Internet Applications .
It has always been an open - source effort and I made it available as a free service to see how well it would fare out in the wild .
Since this service never generated any revenue for me , paying for a lawyer to dig into this is something that I 'd like the avoid ( though maybe I can 't ) .
Has anyone here ever had to defend himself again such a claim ?
Does the software being open - source or the service being free make any difference ?
Thanks for any help or recommendations that you can give me .
update : people have asked me for the lawyer 's letter and the claim , I scanned it and you can download it as a 1MB PDF from http://blablalist.com/ca-08-437.pdf
or browse through it online at http://www.docstoc.com/docs/document-preview.aspx?doc_id=953027
update 2 : seems
I 'm not alone in this , they have sued about any list application out there : http://www.techcrunch.com/2008/07/17/channel-intelligence-sues-just-about-everyone-who-offers-wishlists/
My episode of Gorgeous Tiny Chicken Machine
Show wo n't be " officially " released until tomorrow , but thanks to my extensive contacts in the seedy and delicious underbelly of the Internets , I 've secured access to the episode a full 24 hours early .
I did some interviews to support this episode , including one with Monsters & Critics that 's pretty awesome .
As soon as I get links to the other ones , I 'll update .
Because , uh , you know , everyone really wants to read a bunch of interviews that I did .
Ahem .
Oh !
I have a bet with Greg and Kim that we can make the YouTube " most viewed " page before Friday night .
I looked at my stats and saw that there 's a little over a million people ( holyshitomg ) reading my lame blog . . . i can haz most views ?
Barack Obama told reporters in Fargo , N.D. , that he is “ going to do a thorough assessment\ " of his Iraq policy .
Obama to ' refine ' Iraq plan
Sen. Barack Obama ( D - Ill. ) on Thursday backed off his firm promise to withdraw combat forces from Iraq immediately and instead said he could “ refine ” his plan after his trip to Baghdad later this month .
Earlier , a top Obama adviser had said that the senator is not “ wedded ” to a specific timeline .
Advertisement
Obama told reporters in Fargo , N.D. , that he is “ going to do a thorough assessment . "
" When I go to Iraq and I have a chance to talk to some of the commanders on the ground , I 'm sure I 'll have more information and will continue to refine my policies , " he said , according to CBS News .
“ I have been consistent , throughout this process , that I believe the war in Iraq was a mistake . ”
Obama later said at a second news conference he still intends to stick to the timeline .
At the second meeting with reporters , Obama said : " We 're going to try this again .
Apparently I was n't clear enough this morning on my position with respect to the war in Iraq .
... I have said throughout this campaign that ...
I would bring our troops home at a pace of one to two brigades per month and at that pace we would have our combat troops out in 16 months .
That position has not changed .
I have not equivocated on that position .
I am not searching for maneuvering room with respect to that position .
" What I said this morning and what I will repeat because it 's consistent with what I 've said over the last two years is that in putting this plan together , I will always listen to the advice of commanders on the ground , but that ultimately , I 'm the person who is making the strategic decisions . "
The original Obama plan , still on his website , promises : “ Obama will immediately begin to remove our troops from Iraq .
He will remove one to two combat brigades each month and have all of our combat brigades out of Iraq within 16 months . ”
In a separate six - page Iraq plan , he says in a section headed “ All Combat Troops Redeployed by 2009 ” : “ The best way to protect our security and to pressure Iraq 's leaders to resolve their civil war is to begin immediately to remove our combat troops .
Not in six months or one year — now . ”
David Axelrod , Obama ’s chief strategist , began backing off during remarks Wednesday on CNN ’s “ Situation Room , ” telling guest host John Roberts that Obama has actually advocated “ a phased withdrawal , with benchmarks for the Iraqi government to meet , that called for strategic pauses , based on the progress on these benchmarks and advice on the commanders on the ground . ”
“ He 's always said that he would listen to the advice of commanders on the ground , that that would factor into his thinking , ” Axelrod said .
“ He 's also always said that we had to be as careful getting out of Iraq as we were careless getting in .
So he 's been very consistent on this point .
...
“ I think he will take the advice , not just the advice of the commanders on the ground but his general assessment of conditions on the ground in calibrating that withdrawal .
He said he thought we could get one to two brigades out a month .
But he 's not wedded to that in the face of events .
No president would be .
And he 's always said that he 's never said that this withdrawal would be without any possibility of alteration based on events on the ground .
That would not be a prudent thing to do for any president . ”
The Republican National Committee plans to make an issue of the evolving statements and has posted “ Obama ’s Iraq Guessing Game , ” rounding up various statements on Iraq by the senator , his aides and surrogates .
The following document is the actual text — carefully redacted — of a memo I wrote some time back [ i.e. , several years ago ] after performing an IT project review ; names and identifying concepts have been changed to preserve confidentiality ( and protect the guilty ) .
The project in question was a major IT re-engineering effort for a mission - critical system ; at the time I did this review , the project had been going on for several years and had cost millions of dollars ; it would eventually be canceled and the work products abandoned .
The memo itself provides an interesting glimpse into just how a major IT project can go so far off the tracks that nothing useful is ever delivered .
Note that the “ ABC ” consultants were a small part of the overall project team and had been brought in relatively late by “ BigFirm ” in an attempt to get the “ FUBAR ” project into production ; they neither initiated nor managed the project .
[ NOTE for those of you who have written or done Google searches : “ Bob Winsom ” , like all the other names in the memo as transcribed below , is a pseudonym . ]
========================================
CONFIDENTIAL MEMORANDUM — EYES ONLY
Over the past two weeks , I ’ve conducted confidential off - site group interviews with all of the ABC consultants working on the FUBAR project .
I did this at [ ABC manager ’s ] request , after a few of these consultants spoke privately about FUBAR with him .
The feedback was consistent and raises serious doubts about whether the FUBAR project , as currently pursued , can ever yield a successful production deployment .
This report groups those comments into several broad areas .
It is relatively unfiltered and extremely direct ( no withholding ) .
It represents the private comments of ABC consultants who have little to gain and possibly much to lose by being so blunt .
These are not the whinings of purists picking nits .
These are the grounded assessments of top - notch IT professionals who have among them a century or two of experience bringing projects to completion — particularly those involving [ specific IT ] technology — and who are down in the FUBAR trenches every day .
QUALITY OF WORK AND EFFORT
ISSUE : Several consultants said — and the rest pretty much agreed — that far too many of the deliverables , artifacts , and activities ( e.g. , algorithms , source code , system configuration , design / architecture documents , testing , defect tracking , scheduling etc. ) are substantially below any acceptable professional standards and represent a profound threat to FUBAR ever going into production .
EXAMPLES : The code base is very fragile .
A lot of it is bad old code that BigFirm did n’t have time to rewrite two years ago , but now is five times its original size and even worse .
One consultant said he took a code listing , picked pages at random , and found problems on every page he selected .
There is pervasive hard coding of what should be adjustable parameters or at least meaningfully named constants ( e.g. , # of [ key items ] hard - coded throughout with the literal value ‘ 3 ’ , a constant named ‘ ninety_eight ’ ) .
Builds take all night .
App releases do n’t run acceptably , if at all , in a production environment .
Developers check in files that wo n’t even compile .
RISKS : The FUBAR project keeps being touted as a world - class development team , but it is not producing world - class , or even minimally - professional , results .
This already shows up in the project delays and quality issues of the releases to date .
What the team is producing will not only be very difficult to support and modify , it will in all likelihood be unusable , resulting in a complete failure of the FUBAR project .
PROJECT PLANNING AND EXECUTION
ISSUE : Project planning and execution is all to often poor or missing completely .
Milestone dates , usually unrealistic if not impossible , are based on political considerations or wishful thinking , not bottom - up grounding .
Necessary and useful activities are delayed or canceled with the justification “ We have no time for that ” , but the project phase ends up taking as long or longer than if the activities had been carried out .
Dates are set , but nobody scrambles until the last minute .
Risks are not actively tracked or managed .
EXAMPLES : Count how many times FUBAR ever produced a production - quality deliverable on anything close to a scheduled date .
Even the current effort probably requires a year to get something into production , but the schedule says four months .
Managers create work tasks , but then never track progress or completion .
One ABC consultant created a risks document ; Bob Winsom [ BigFirm ’s FUBAR project manager ] took it over , and no one has seen it since .
RISKS : FUBAR is massively late .
You lose credibility and influence .
QUALITY ASSURANCE AND PROCESS
ISSUE : Quality assurance appears to be low - priority concept within the FUBAR project .
In the opinion of several consultants , the current person in charge of it is not particularly strong or competent .
There appears to be a systemic inability to establish good testing criteria and methods to gauge FUBAR ’s progress toward production .
What software lifecycle process is in place is often not followed .
No independent group or person acts as the ‘ gatekeeper ’ to judge acceptability and control release into production .
EXAMPLES : [ Key process ] calculation — the core of BigFirm ’s business and profits — was being ( and may still be ) done incorrectly in FUBAR ; it had never been previously checked for correctness through all these years .
Likewise , performance expectations have been based on the presumption of FUBAR distributed over multiple systems , processors , and threads , yet no one ever tested to see if those implementations would work until recently — and they did n’t .
The build environment needs to be overhauled .
The defect tracking process is poor , particularly the practice of writing up defects not against the current release but the release in which the defect is scheduled to be fixed — so as to keep the number of defects down for the current release .
RISKS : BigFirm leaves itself open to potential liabilities , not to mention crippling its own core business .
In the meantime , the effort to transition directly into the Rational Unified Process ( RUP ) is not being given sufficient time and will likely grind development to a halt .
ARCHITECTURE
ISSUE : FUBAR does n’t have a viable , consistent architecture .
The irony is that FUBAR itself is not a big , complex problem ; it is a relatively straightforward problem that has been made big , complex , and possibly unsolvable in the current implementation .
Initiatives to rearchitect are started , abandoned due to “ schedule pressure ” , then restarted months later .
EXAMPLES :
The project has gone through a series of architects , who have either left or been asked to leave .
While they are here , they usually are neither listened to nor given the authority to be an architect .
Technical decisions are made by people lacking the background , such as Bob Winsom , who may fancy himself an architect and was quoted as saying , “ I have n’t found an architect I like yet . ”
RISKS : FUBAR never stabilizes enough to go into production for any length of time , or if it does , proves to be extremely difficult to support or enhance .
APPLICATION PERFORMANCE
ISSUE : FUBAR was never properly architected and designed for the performance required .
There is a current effort to increase performance after the fact , but the implementation makes that impossible .
To make things worse , developers are having to scale the performance of and debug a seriously flawed application at the same time , making it very hard to stabilize the application .
EXAMPLES : Two consultants rewrote the 140,000 lines of [ original obscure language ] into 4200 lines of Java .
The Java version runs as fast on a laptop PC as the original version runs on a high - powered UNIX server .
RISKS : Despite heroic efforts ( that will probably make the application even more difficult to modify and support ) and lots of hardware , FUBAR will probably reach some fraction of the currently - desired performance — possible as little as 15 % to 20 % of that required , possibly as much as 80 % — and then go no further .
STAFFING
ISSUE : Many of the people involved in FUBAR — developers , testers , team leads , managers — lack the qualifications , insight , or experience to make FUBAR a success .
The project is overstaffed for the actual complexity of FUBAR , possibly for political reasons ( i.e. , promotion / stature based on the number of people supervised ) .
EXAMPLES : Many of the examples listed above reflect this problem .
RISKS : This problem leads in part to all the issues previously listed : poor quality of work , poor quality assurance , poor scheduling and delivery , poor architecture , poor application performance .
Besides the potential failure of FUBAR itself , this issue tends to be self - intensifying — that is , the qualified people become frustrated and leave ( or are hard to recruit in as replacements ) , while those less qualified or capable stay around .
[ A reference to the “ Dead Sea effect ” written many years ago . ]
[ BrandName team management approach ] PRINCIPLES
ISSUE : Mid -level management tells the developers that mood , sincerity , and commitment are everything , and that with them “ we can accomplish anything . ”
At the same time , the principle of granting sincerity appears to be used to justify a lack of accountability and consequences .
EXAMPLES : Repeated statements in team meetings , one - on - ones , and so on .
RISKS : Loss of credibility .
Such assertions do n’t hold water .
I can be in a great mood and have a team of very sincere and committed people , but if we try to build a commercial airliner without the proper expertise , requirements , engineering , materials , and testing , the plane will crash and people will die , assuming it ever gets built and off the ground ( which is extremely unlikely ) .
The fallacy that software is somehow different is just that — a fallacy , and one that costs corporations millions ( if not billions ) of dollars a year in missed schedules and failed projects .
When it comes to engineering , sincerity and commitment , while important , can never substitute for expertise and quality of work .
INTELLECTUAL HONESTY
ISSUE : There is n’t enough intellectual honesty within the FUBAR project .
Managers reject or explain away bad news and real problems , looking instead for people who will tell them what they want to hear .
EXAMPLES : Several developers and team leads have sought to escalate these issue and concerns up the management chain , but the issues appear to always get stopped , usually at Bob Winsom .
[ The “ thermocline of truth “ , with a very discrete boundary . ]
The FUBAR project is represented as something that has never been done before , and the staff as a world - class development team .
RISKS : The lack of intellectual honesty in project management is a form of codependency and enabling that is all too easy to fall into .
Unfortunately , reality eventually intrudes , and when it does , you run the very real risk of looking dishonest or incompetent .
CLOSING REMARKS
As I said , this is a very blunt ( and very confidential ) memo .
It represents the opinions , experiences , and observations of these ABC consultants , and there are undoubtedly points with which you take issue or disagree .
Do not let that blind you to the fundamental reality that there are some profound problems and flaws with the FUBAR project that will not go away until the project team acknowledges and addresses them .
Indeed , it will be hard enough to make them go away even then .
========================================
Kind of scary , is n’t it ?
The interesting part was that BigFirm had implemented , corporate - wide , a “ team management ” methodology ( from an outside firm ) that was based on “ mood , sincerity , and commitment ” .
As an overall corporate management approach , it might well have been effective ; I just do n’t know .
But BigFirm thought that it would also solve their IT problems .
Nope , it did n’t .
.. bruce ..
[ Speaking of project failure — I have my first three “ Surviving Complexity ” columns up at Baseline , talking about IT project metrics , why they ’re so tough to define , and one possible approach . ]
[ UPDATED 06/25/08 :
If you think the project above is bad , take a look at this one . ]
Be Sociable , Share !
C ORPORATE C RIME R EPORTER
GE Has a Brazilian Sized Headache
22 Corporate Crime Reporter 27 , June 30 , 2008
In 2005 , a manager at a General Electric subsidiary in Brazil was perplexed .
Why were up to 64 percent of the company ’s annual sales being recorded as going to distributors in lightly populated area near the Amazon River ?
Why ?
Because , this manager learned , while urban Brazilian states charged a 19 percent VAT tax on bulbs , switches and fixtures , the rural states charge just seven percent .
He told his superiors at GE in the United States that the suspicious invoices indicated possible tax evasion that saved GE anywhere from 12 to 19 cents on every dollar of sales .
The whole sordid affair is laid out in the current issue of Tax Notes International .
The article – Blame It on Rio : GE ’s Brazilian Headache – was written by David Cay Johnston , who retired from the New York Times in April , taking a buyout after 13 years as a Pulitzer Prize winning business reporter there .
Johnston says that a lawyer for an unnamed participant in some of the GE events in Brazil provided him with hundreds of pages of internal GE e-mails , memos , and legal opinions .
Johnston says that he was working on the story while at the Times , but the Times let him take the story with him to Tax Analysts , the publisher of Tax Notes , when he moved over earlier this month .
According to the article , the GE manager , Valter Moreira , noted in a report that “ 100 percent of invoices to these customers ” were “ different than normal practice , ” and he directed the local sales team to “ stop this practice . ”
The report also noted that concerns about suspicious practices pointing toward tax evasion had been raised internally six years earlier , in 1999 .
Johnston reports that the internal documents show that the scheme Moreira found was no anomaly at the Brazilian lighting operation , known as GE Lighting or GEVISA .
“ The documents discuss a second Brazilian invoicing scheme to escape state - level VAT and a separate system to evade tens of millions of dollars in Brazilian payroll taxes on compensation to the sales force , which did business in other Latin American countries as well , ” Johnston reported .
Gary Sheffer , a senior GE spokesman , told Johnston that the VAT and payroll tax issues were of so little significance that the company was surprised any reporter would spend time looking into them .
But according Johnston , “ while Sheffer dismissed the Brazilian tax issues as gnats on an elephant , GE took them seriously enough to commission advice from its Brazilian lawyers . ”
And the Brazilian lawyers warned of “ criminal tax implication , ” “ untrue fiscal documentation , ” and “ fraud ” in explaining that if Brazilian authorities learned what had taken place , they would probably bring charges of tax evasion , labor tax fraud , collusion , and other crimes .
Johnston says that the lawyers cited a “ high risk ” of prosecution if Brazilian authorities found out what had happened .
According to the report , the Brazilian lawyers noted that GE had allowed the VAT practices to continue long after management became aware of them .
Johnston reports that one of the lawyers wrote that he was afraid that any chance to claim the company acted in good faith had been destroyed , because “ good faith ceases when GE becomes aware of these facts and does nothing to correct them . ”
Home
Do you know where your personal and corporate identity information resides or may be lurking ?
According to two Canadian security experts , personal and corporate identity theft is quickly becoming commonplace in the market and more vigilance and formal corporate policies are needed in order to help combat this issue .
According to Claudiu Popa , president of Toronto - based Informatica Corp. , a consulting firm that specializes in privacy compliance and security , someone 's identity is perhaps by far the most valuable thing that can be stolen .
" Thieves have a lot of options since they can use someone 's identity time and time again , " Popa said .
" As a criminal , applications for credit cards and mortgages can be made by assuming someone else 's identity and by stealing things like social insurance numbers , passports and credit cards . "
Popa points out that the issue is not so much just around the issue of sensitive information being stolen , although it does happen he says , but is rather around the fact that it 's unknowingly given out in some cases by the users themselves .
" Phishing has become a successful practice because thieves ask for someone else 's information which they can then use to impersonate them , " Popa explains .
" They 'll send out forged e-mails impersonating banks and will ask unsuspecting users to fill out forms in detail with their personal information .
The issues nowadays are evolving because everyone 's trying to exploit new niches so we should all be aware of the dangers , " he adds .
Furthermore , Popa also highlights the problem involving corporate identity theft that he says is also on the rise today .
He says on its own , security software is often difficult to blame in the incident of an identity theft within a business because sometimes , he adds , it 's the administrative staff who will leak out important business information and / or records .
Referring to users as being both the strongest and weakest links within a business , Popa said a reliance on security technology and software will only get one so far when it comes to security and protection of assets .
He says it 's easy for a thief to obtain any necessary information just by stealing an organization 's domain name and then re-routing all traffic to another Web site to then access the desired files and information .
David Senf , director of research , security and infrastructure software at IDC Canada , said the problem of identity theft also occurs from a business level too , since the majority of them he said , do not have formal policies in place for its employees .
" Starting from a top down perspective , " Senf advises , " businesses need to look at their data from a risk perspective and see where they should be prioritizing the areas that are of the greatest risk .
Firms can do things such as put policies in place that state what can be sent out or saved to a machine and around things like controlling who has access to the data .
Getting employees to follow a policy and getting them to take security seriously is something that everyone needs to be looking at . "
In addition , Popa says when business and personal information is given out over the Internet , he mentions that privileged information should only be shared on a need - to - know basis .
Senf also says it 's common for organization information to be leaked when devices such as company laptops are lost .
Sensitive customer information is often stored on the notebook hard drive easily enabling hackers to gain access to the information .
From there hackers can do whatever they like with it if it 's not encrypted .
Symantec 's most recent Internet Security Threat Report Volume ( ISTR ) XIII , marking the six - month period from July 1 to December 31 , 2007 , found that theft or the loss of a computer or other data - storage device accounted for 57 percent of the total of majority of data breaches that could have led to identity theft .
" Web applications , e-mail applications and the network are the really big areas through which data can be lost , " Senf said .
" Companies need to make sure they 're securing end - points to help prevent data from being leaked . "
Senf said for Canadian channel partners , a wealth of opportunities are available for those working in this space .
" Channel partners can help firms define policies for sensitive data because not a lot of them have these in place , " Senf said .
" There are opportunities for partners to find and help train firms to become aware and vigilant with these policies .
Vulnerability , security , identity and event management are also areas that can help an organization understand what 's going on because they can help provide visibility within their network . "
As found by Phone Busters , a Canadian anti-fraud call center associated with the Government of Canada and the RCMP , between January 1 and December 31 , 2007 , over C$6 million ( US$ 5.9 million ) in losses were reported by Canadians linked to identity fraud .
Ram Manchi , president of AGMA ( Alliance for Gray Market and Counterfeit Abatement ) , a non-profit organization based in Fremont , Calif. , that works to educate and raise awareness around the issues of IT counterfeiting and the gray market , said in the gray market , hackers who do bulk purchasing can obtain user IDs and passwords for as little as 50 cents to $ 1 .
Furthermore , Symantec 's ISTR stated that full identities , when purchase in larger volumes , often ranged anywhere from $ 1 to $ 15 .
Senf and Manchi both said businesses also need to establish and invest in more control and maintenance when it comes to securing their company infrastructure .
" The key is control , authentication and verification , " Manchi explains , " these things have to be constantly monitored and procedures also need to be in place in the company 's back - end to make sure authentication and encryption is being done as needed . "
Mark Lorne , general manager of technology at retailer Grand & Toy , said for businesses and personal use , encrypted USB keys are best suited for storing personal and important information .
These portable devices , he advises users , should already have security features built in such as file and data encryption .
He also warns that identity thieves may also be a lot closer to home than we think .
" When people think about identity theft and security , they tend to imagine an identity thief as someone far away , " Lorne said .
" They forget about the person sitting right beside them .
A business person updating a proposal on a plane trip , for example , should be aware that the notebook 's screen is visible to ( those ) sitting on either side , or across the aisle , " he added .
In this case , he suggests travelers invest in products such as notebook privacy screens , which are portable privacy filters that fit directly over top of a notebook screen to provide visibility only to the user who 's sitting directly in front of the display .
For personal and businesses , Lorne also suggests an investment in a paper shredder to ensure information is not being lost and / or stolen .
" Putting a piece of paper in the recycle bin does n't mean that the valuable information printer on it is ... gone , " Lorne said .
" Anyone combing through waste can find it .
Grand &
Toy offers a complete line of paper shredders for personal ... or communal areas .
( To protect both their personal and corporate data , users ) should shred all personal and confidential documents , " he adds .
This story , " Identity Theft Goes Corporate " was originally published by ITBusiness.ca .
By Douglas Karr
Guest Blogger
We ’ve known that modern media has been struggling for a while , but it appears that they ’ve finally jumped the shark .
In its infinite wisdom , the BBC , an international powerhouse of media , hubris , and intelligence , has decided to fulfill its public charter with the following story :
A drunk man in Wisconsin was arrested after he shot his lawnmower with a sawed off shotgun .
In the event you ’ve not read the public charter , here are the goals of the British Broadcasting System :
Sustaining citizenship and civil society
Promoting education and learning
Stimulating creativity and cultural excellence
Representing the UK , its nations , regions and communities
Bringing the UK to the world and the world to the UK
Delivering to the public the benefit of emerging communications technologies and services
In reviewing the story , it ’s no wonder that this story was positioned on the home page .
This incredible piece of journalistic pride appears to fulfill all its cultural and educational goals – providing the following investigative journalism :
Congratulations to the BBC , and its leadership , on digging deep to provide the world with this cultural beacon of a story .
No doubt we ’re all a little better off today than we were yesterday .
Some lessons :
Shooting your equipment may void its warranty
Shooting your equipment may make it difficult to repair
Americans , especially Wisconsinites , like their booze and their shotguns .
God bless America .
God bless the Queen .
John Filo's Pulitzer Prize - winning photograph of Mary Ann Vecchio , a fourteen - year - old runaway , kneeling over the dead body of Jeffrey Miller after he was shot by the National Guard .
Killed :
Allison Krause
Jeffrey Glen Miller
Sandra Lee Scheuer
William Knox Schroeder
Wounded :
Thomas Mark Grace
Joseph Lewis Jr.
John R. Cleary
Alan Canfora
Dean Kahler
Douglas Wrentmore
James Dennis Russell
Robert Stamps
Donald Scott MacKenzie
My first child , a son , had been born in Feb. of 1970 .
I remember sitting with friends listening to reports on the radio , watching what we could get on TV - the phone ringing all day .
I held my son in my arms and cried - wondering what on earth was I thinking to have brought a child into this world .
I had been to many sit-ins and protests over the war .
I had done things that many thought were " dangerous . "
I had gone to jail .
I never really imagined that my life or my child 's might have ever been in real danger of this kind of violence by our own government - even despite some history and evidence to the contrary .
I just never thought even then , that they would do it so publicly .
Or that they could kill US college students and every citizen in the nation would not then be in the streets regardless of political persuasions .
I will never forget that day .
Please teach it to your children .
Now stop and go read iampunha 's wonderful diary .
Update :
You should also go back and read last year 's Kent State diary by edsbrooklyn
I remember Kent State .
More Info :
Kent State University Department of Special Collections and Archives
Kent May 4 Center
May 4 Archive.org
Mike and Kendra 's May 4 , 1970 Website
http://kent.state.tripod.com/
http://alancanfora.com/
Update II
kainah has published some of the best diaries about Kent State that are well worth revisiting :
" They Just Started Shooting Us Down " -- Kent State
" They Should Have Shot Them All " -- Kent State Aftermath
My Return to Kent State : The Travelog
" Blood on my Hands " : Kent State Civil Trials
Guardsmen Go on Trial : Kent State
Prelude to Kent State : Nixon Invades Cambodia
Call Out the National Guard : May 1 - 3 , 1970 , at Kent State
Update III :
Moody Loner wrote below that he had n't know known about what happened at Kent State for most of his life .
That is always a bit of a shock for someone else whose life was so influenced by a national event .
I noted in a comment that even all these years later , I get phone calls and emails from folks I was connected with then when we do n't stay in touch the rest of the year .
My daughter just called and reminded me of how she learned about it .
She was 8 we think , and she and I were cleaning house together when the Crosby , Stills , Nash , and Young song came on the radio .
She reminded me , " I was singing along and turned to tell you how much I liked this song , and you were just sitting on the floor with tears in your eyes .
We had been singing together and dancing and so I was confused and scared .
I asked you what was wrong and you said it always made you remember and cry .
We quit cleaning and you told me and then took me to the library and we looked at newspapers on microfilm and you told me the story .
Later I told my friends and they did n't believe me .
In fifth grade , when I had to write my first research paper , that is what I wrote about .
I wrote about it for a paper in high school too .
And when my friends would laugh at our protest wall , I would tell them why we had to remember and keep working to make things better and that was always part of the story I told . "
The " protest wall " was just a small wall between the kitchen and laundry room .
From top to bottom it was covered with bumper stickers , buttons , leaflets and notes .
All taking a stand for peace , for the environment or for healthcare for all .
I am glad she remembers it and that is how she remembers me .
As part of a continuing effort to save the Arecibo Observatory from fatal budget cuts , Cornell astronomy professor Donald Campbell testified before Congress Nov. 8 on the importance of the telescope 's radar system for the identification and tracking of potentially hazardous near - Earth objects ( NEOs ) .
On the same day , the Planetary Society , a space advocacy organization co-founded by the late Cornell astronomer Carl Sagan , issued a statement to Congress in support of the planetary radar system at Arecibo and its research .
" If some object out there really is on a collision course with Earth , and we do n't have the means to track it properly , " the statement said , " the price we would pay would be astronomical . "
The observatory 's future has been in jeopardy since November 2006 , when an advisory panel to the Division of Astronomical Sciences at the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) recommended that its operating funds be reduced to $ 8 million from $ 10.5 million over three years and then halved to $ 4 million in 2011 .
If the observatory failed to raise funds from external sources to make up the difference , it would be forced to close .
In October , U.S. Rep. Luis Fortuño ( R - Puerto Rico ) and Dana Rohrabacher ( R- Calif . ) introduced legislation in the U.S. House of Representatives to ensure continued operation of Arecibo .
Campbell was among five scientists to address the Subcommittee on Space and Aeronautics of the House Committee on Science and Technology .
He discussed the role of Arecibo 's radar system , which is one of only two high - powered radars in the world used for studying solar system bodies , on characterizing NEOs and their potential threat to Earth .
Arecibo's radar is over 20 times more sensitive than its counterpart , NASA 's Deep Space Network 70 - meter antenna at Goldstone , Calif. , Campbell noted .
But because it is less maneuverable , both systems are vital and complementary .
" The more we know about NEOs in general and about specific ones that pose a threat to Earth , the easier it will be to design effective mitigation strategies , " said Campbell .
" NEOs form a very diverse population encompassing a large range of sizes , shapes , rotation states , densities , internal structure and binary nature . "
Radar provides the best way to survey and categorize such objects , he said .
" For an object that we know poses a direct threat to Earth , radar can provide vital input to mitigation planning , including planning for any precursor space mission . "
Campbell also noted Arecibo's unique role in supporting research in radio astronomy , radar planetary studies ( including the study of NEOs ) and ionosphere physics , as well as in education and outreach activities .
" If the Arecibo radar system is decommissioned ... a tremendous amount of basic science related to NEOs and other solar system bodies would be lost , " he said .
In its concurrent statement , the Planetary Society called the Senior Review recommendation " a misguided attempt to free up funding for new projects that do not yet exist . "
Arecibo is part of the National Astronomy and Ionosphere Center , a national research center operated by Cornell under a cooperative agreement with the NSF .
When did ancient months start ?
In the eighth century B.C.E. , civilizations all over the world either discarded or modified their old 360 day calendars .
The 360 day calendars had been in use for the greater part of a millennium .
In many places , month lengths immediately after that change were not fixed , but were based instead upon observation of the sky .
Priest - astronomers were assigned the duty of declaring when a new month began  it was usually said to have started at the first sighting of a new moon .
Month length at that time was simply the number of days that passed from one new lunar crescent to the next .
During those years in Rome , for example , a Pontifex ( priest ) observed the sky and announced a new moon and therefore the new month to the king .
For centuries afterward Romans referred to the first day of each new month as Kalends or Kalends from their word calare ( to announce solemnly , to call out ) .
The word calendar derived from this custom .
This practice of starting a month at the first sighting of a new moon was observed not only by Romans but by Celts and Germans in Europe and by Babylonians and Hebrews in the Lavant .
All of these peoples began their month when a young crescent was first seen in the sky .
This is still done for the Islamic Calendar , but a new moon ’s date is calculated for traditional lunar calendars that are currently used in China and India .
During the period when month lengths were not fixed , new moons were usually sighted after either 29 or 30 days .
If clouds obscured vision on the thirtieth day , a new month was declared to have begun .
When month lengths were identical with lunations , only those that lasted 30 days were considered to be normal .
This was probably because all months had previously been 30 days for such a long period of time .
During this period in Greece , for example , months that consisted of 30 days were considered to be " full ; " those that lasted only 29 days were said to be " hollow . "
Months containing 30 days were also called " full " in Babylon , but those containing 29 were deemed to be " defective . "
After month lengths in the Celtic Calendar became fixed , those that had been given 30 days were termed " matos " ( lucky ) and those given 29 days " anmatos " ( unlucky ) .
This notion still exists today , months of 30 days in the Hebrew Calendar are called " full " and those with 29 are deemed to be " deficient . "
When was the ancient new year ?
In addition to their declaring the beginning of each month based upon a sighting of the new moon , priest - astronomers were also charged with pinpointing the start of a year .
By observing the movement of Sirius , Egyptians came to grips with the fact that the year was more than five days longer than their venerable 360 - day calendar .
This resulted in a change to their method of approximating year length that had been in use for nearly a millennium .
But it also caused them to wonder where the additional days came from .
In order to account for these additional days , Egyptians created a myth about their sky - god , Nut .
During the reign of the Babylonian king Nabonasser ( traditionally dated between 747 and 734 B.C.E. ) priest / astronomers in that country discontinued their practice of looking for the new moon in order to name the beginning of a month .
Instead , they returned to a fixed - length calendar that had 12 months of 30 days each , but with five days added at the end .
10 Usually at a date later than the mid-eighth century B.C.E. , many other peoples who had previously considered the year to be 360 days in length reluctantly returned to a calendar of twelve 30 - day months , but added five days to the end of their year .
These additional days were considered to be very unlucky or unpropitious .
Two eastern Mediterranean peoples who did not embrace Islam were early Christians in upper Egypt , whom we now call Copts , and their neighbors to the south , the Ethiopians .
Probably because they were surrounded by Islamic peoples , Coptic and Ethiopian churches never adopted the Western calendar .
Instead , these two isolated pockets of Christianity continued to use the old 360 - day calendar .
These two calendars are identical except for year number .
Copts date their calendar from C.E. 284 but Ethiopians date theirs from C.E. 7 .
Both of them observe three 365 day years followed by one 366 day year .
Their years are divided into 12 months of 30 days each , and the extra five or six days are added after the twelfth month .
Zoroastrians , who began their calendar in 389 B.C.E. with the birth of their founder , the prophet Zoroaster , use a calendar of 365 days .
It consists of twelve 30 - day months with five " gatha days " added at the end of the year .
Each of the thirty days as well as each of the gatha days has its own name .
They are referred to by that name just as we speak of a day by its number in the month .
Beginning in 1906 of the Common Era , some modern Zoroastrians adopted the practice of adding an additional day every four years .
One of Alexander the Great ’s generals , Seleucus Nicator , founded ( late 4th Century BCE and early 3rd century BCE ) an empire that stretched from Asia Minor to India .
He established a new calendar that was essentially the same as one that had been used for some time in Syria .
It contained twelve months of 30 days each and an extra five days at the year ’s end .
Every fourth year an additional day for a total of six days were added at the end of the year .
In Persia under the Sassanids , and in Armenia and Cappadocia the official system of time - reckoning was twelve months of 30 days followed by five more days at the end of the year .
However , Arabian astronomers said the Sassanian year of twelve 30 - day months was adjusted to the seasons by intercalating a month every 120 years .
Following are details about several ancient calendars ...
Babylonian calendar Overview
The ancient Babylonians used a calendar with alternating 29 - and 30 - day months .
This system required the addition of an extra month three times every eight years , and as a further adjustment the king would periodically order the insertion of an additional extra month into the calendar .
The Babylonians , who lived in what is now Iraq , added an extra month to their years at irregular intervals .
Their calendar , composed of alternate 29 - day and 30 - day months , kept roughly in step with the lunar year .
To balance the calendar with the solar year , the early Babylonians calculated that they needed to add an extra month three times every eight years .
But this system still did not accurately make up for the accumulated differences between the solar year and the lunar year .
Whenever the king felt that the calendar had slipped too far out of step with the seasons , he ordered another extra month .
However , the Babylonian calendar was quite confused until the 300’s B.C.E. , when the Babylonians began to use a more reliable system .
Details Babylonia was the ancient cultural region occupying southeastern Mesopotamia between the Tigris and Euphrates rivers ( modern southern Iraq from around Baghdad to the Persian Gulf ) .
Because the city of Babylon was the capital of this area for so many centuries , the term Babylonia has come to refer to the entire culture that developed in the area from the time it was first settled , about 4000 B.C.E.
Before Babylon ’s rise to political prominence ( c. 1850 B.C.E. ) , however , the area was divided into two countries : Sumer in the southeast and Akkad in the northwest .
The Babylonian kingdom flourished under the rule of the famous King , Hammurabi ( 1792-1750 BC ) .
It was not until the reign of Naboplashar ( 625-605 BC ) of the Neo- Babylonian dynasty that the Mesopotamian civilization reached its ultimate glory .
His son , Nebuchadnezzar II ( 604 - 562 BC ) is credited for building the legendary Hanging Gardens .
It is said that the Gardens were built by Nebuchadnezzar to please his wife or concubine who had been " brought up in Media and had a passion for mountain surroundings . "
Five thousand years ago , Sumerians had a calendar that divided the year into 30 - day months , divided the day into 12 periods ( each corresponding to 2 of our hours ) , and divided these periods into 30 parts ( each like 4 of our minutes ) .
In Mesopotamia , the solar year was divided into two seasons , the " summer , " which included the barley harvest in the second half of May or in the beginning of June , and the " winter , " which roughly corresponded to today ’s fall - winter .
Three seasons ( Assyria ) and four seasons ( Anatolia ) were counted in northerly countries , but in Mesopotamia the bipartition of the year seemed natural .
As late as c. 1800 B.C.E. the prognoses for the welfare of the city of Mari , on the middle Euphrates , were taken for six months .
The months began at the first visibility of the New Moon , and in the 8th century B.C.E. court astronomers still reported this important observation to the Assyrian kings .
The names of the months differed from city to city , and within the same Sumerian city of Babylonia a month could have several names , derived from festivals , from tasks ( e.g. sheepshearing ) usually performed in the given month , and so on , according to local needs .
On the other hand , as early as the 27th century B.C.E. , the Sumerians had used artificial time units in referring to the tenure of some high official  e.g. , on N - day of the turn of office of PN , governor .
The Sumerian administration also needed a time unit comprising the whole agricultural cycle ; for example , from the delivery of new barley and the settling of pertinent accounts to the next crop .
This financial year began about two months after barley cutting .
For other purposes , a year began before or with the harvest .
This fluctuating and discontinuous year was not precise enough for the meticulous accounting of Sumerian scribes , who by 2400 B.C.E. already used the schematic year of 30 x 12 = 360 days .
At about the same time , the idea of a royal year took precise shape , beginning probably at the time of barley harvest , when the king celebrated the new ( agricultural ) year by offering first fruits to gods in expectation of their blessings for the year .
When , in the course of this year , some royal exploit ( conquest , temple building , and so on ) demonstrated that the fates had been fixed favorably by the celestial powers , the year was named accordingly ; for example , as the year in which " the temple of Ningirsu was built . "
Until the naming , a year was described as that " following the year named ( after such and such event ) . "
The use of the date formulas was supplanted in Babylonia by the counting of regnal years in the 17th century B.C.E .
The use of lunar reckoning began to prevail in the 21st century B.C.E .
The lunar year probably owed its success to economic progress .
A barley loan could be measured out to the lender at the next year ’s threshing floor .
The wider use of silver as the standard of value demanded more flexible payment terms .
A man hiring a servant in the lunar month of Kislimu for a year knew that the engagement would end at the return of the same month , without counting days or periods of office between two dates .
At the city of Mari in about 1800 B.C.E. , the allocations were already reckoned on the basis of 29 - and 30 - day lunar months .
In the 18th century B.C.E. , the Babylonian Empire standardized the year by adopting the lunar calendar of the Sumerian sacred city of Nippur .
The power and the cultural prestige of Babylon assured the success of the lunar year , which began on Nisanu 1 , in the spring .
When , in the 17th century B.C.E. , the dating by regnal years became usual , the period between the accession day and the next Nisanu 1 was described as " the beginning of the kingship of PN , " and the regnal years were counted from this Nisanu 1 .
It was necessary for the lunar year of about 354 days to be brought into line with the solar ( agricultural ) year of approximately 365 days .
This was accomplished by the use of an intercalated month .
Thus , in the 21st century B.C.E. , a special name for the intercalated month iti dirig appears in the sources .
The intercalation was operated haphazardly , according to real or imagined needs , and each Sumerian city inserted months at will ; e.g. , 11 months in 18 years or two months in the same year .
Later , the empires centralized the intercalation , and as late as 541 B.C.E. it was proclaimed by royal fiat .
Improvements in astronomical knowledge eventually made possible the regularization of intercalation ; and , under the Persian kings ( c. 380 B.C.E. ) , Babylonian calendar calculators succeeded in computing an almost perfect equivalence in a lunisolar cycle of 19 years and 235 months with intercalations in the years 3 , 6 , 8 , 11 , 14 , 17 , and 19 of the cycle .
The new year ’s day ( Nisanu 1 ) now oscillated around the spring equinox within a period of 27 days .
The Babylonian month names were Nisanu , Ayaru , Simanu , Du'uzu , Abu , Ululu , Tashritu , Arakhsamna , Kislimu , Tebetu , Shabatu , Adaru .
The month Adaru II was intercalated six times within the 19 - year cycle but never in the year that was 17th of the cycle , when Ululu II was inserted .
Thus , the Babylonian calendar until the end preserved a vestige of the original bipartition of the natural year into two seasons , just as the Babylonian months to the end remained truly lunar and began when the New Moon was first visible in the evening .
The day began at sunset .
Sundials and water clocks served to count hours .
The influence of the Babylonian calendar was seen in many continued customs and usages of its neighbor and vassal states long after the Babylonian Empire had been succeeded by others .
In particular , the Jewish calendar in use at relatively late dates employed similar systems of intercalation of months , month names , and other details ( see below The Jewish calendar ) .
The Jewish adoption of Babylonian calendar customs dates from the period of the Babylonian Exile in the 6th century B.C.E .
The Egyptian calendar Overview
The earliest Egyptian calendar was based on the moon ’s cycles , but the lunar calendar failed to predict a critical event in their lives : the annual flooding of the Nile river .
The Egyptians soon noticed that the first day the " Dog Star , " which we call Sirius , in Canis Major was visible right before sunrise was special .
The Egyptians were probably the first to adopt a mainly solar calendar .
This so - called ‘ heliacal rising ’ always preceded the flood by a few days .
Based on this knowledge , they devised a 365 - day calendar that seems to have begun in 4236 B.C.E. , the earliest recorded year in history .
They eventually had a system of 36 stars to mark out the year and in the end had three different calendars working concurrently for over 2000 years : a stellar calendar for agriculture , a solar year of 365 days ( 12 months x 30 + 5 extra ) and a quasi - lunar calendar for festivals .
The later Egyptian calendars developed sophisticated Zodiac systems , as in the stone calendar at right .
According to the famed Egyptologist J. H. Breasted , the earliest date known in the Egyptian calendar corresponds to 4236 B.C.E. in terms of the Gregorian calendar .
Details
The ancient Egyptians originally employed a calendar based upon the Moon , and , like many peoples throughout the world , they regulated their lunar calendar by means of the guidance of a sidereal calendar .
They used the seasonal appearance of the star Sirius ( Sothis ) ; this corresponded closely to the true solar year , being only 12 minutes shorter .
Certain difficulties arose , however , because of the inherent incompatibility of lunar and solar years .
To solve this problem the Egyptians invented a schematized civil year of 365 days divided into three seasons , each of which consisted of four months of 30 days each .
To complete the year , five intercalary days were added at its end , so that the 12 months were equal to 360 days plus five extra days .
This civil calendar was derived from the lunar calendar ( using months ) and the agricultural , or Nile , fluctuations ( using seasons ) ; it was , however , no longer directly connected to either and thus was not controlled by them .
The civil calendar served government and administration , while the lunar calendar continued to regulate religious affairs and everyday life .
In time , the discrepancy between the civil calendar and the older lunar structure became obvious .
Because the lunar calendar was controlled by the rising of Sirius , its months would correspond to the same season each year , while the civil calendar would move through the seasons because the civil year was about one - fourth day shorter than the solar year .
Hence , every four years it would fall behind the solar year by one day , and after 1,460 years it would again agree with the lunisolar calendar .
Such a period of time is called a Sothic cycle .
Because of the discrepancy between these two calendars , the Egyptians established a second lunar calendar based upon the civil year and not , as the older one had been , upon the sighting of Sirius .
It was schematic and artificial , and its purpose was to determine religious celebrations and duties .
In order to keep it in general agreement with the civil year , a month was intercalated every time the first day of the lunar year came before the first day of the civil year ; later , a 25 - year cycle of intercalation was introduced .
The original lunar calendar , however , was not abandoned but was retained primarily for agriculture because of its agreement with the seasons .
Thus , the ancient Egyptians operated with three calendars , each for a different purpose .
The only unit of time that was larger than a year was the reign of a king .
The usual custom of dating by reign was : " year 1 , 2 , 3 . . . , etc. , of King So- and - So , " and with each new king the counting reverted back to year One .
King lists recorded consecutive rulers and the total years of their respective reigns .
The civil year was divided into three seasons , commonly translated : Inundation , when the Nile overflowed the agricultural land ; Going Forth , the time of planting when the Nile returned to its bed ; and Deficiency , the time of low water and harvest .
The months of the civil calendar were numbered according to their respective seasons and were not listed by any particular namee .g. third month of Inundation but for religious purposes the months had names .
How early these names were employed in the later lunar calendar is obscure .
The days in the civil calendar were also indicated by number and listed according to their respective months .
Thus a full civil date would be : " Regnal year 1 , fourth month of Inundation , day 5 , under the majesty of King So-and - So . "
In the lunar calendar , however , each day had a specific name , and from some of these names it can be seen that the four quarters or chief phases of the Moon were recognized , although the Egyptians did not use these quarters to divide the month into smaller segments , such as weeks .
Unlike most people who used a lunar calendar , the Egyptians began their day with sunrise instead of sunset because they began their month , and consequently their day , by the disappearance of the old Moon just before dawn .
As was customary in early civilizations , the hours were unequal , daylight being divided into 12 parts , and the night likewise ; the duration of these parts varied with the seasons .
Both water clocks and sundials were constructed with notations to indicate the hours for the different months and seasons of the year .
The standard hour of constant length was never employed in ancient Egypt .
Sirius : the ' Dog Star ’ Early Egyptians depended on the Nile ’s annual rising and flooding .
Each year as that great river flooded it brought down mountain soil to the Egyptian plain .
This enriched the fields and enabled creation of an agricultural system that supported a large civilization .
In the eighth century B.C.E. , the Egyptian Pharoh ’s primary advisor , the Vizier , was charged with reporting the first appearance of the bright star we call Sirius after it had been missing from the sky for ( depending upon the observer ’s latitude ) approximately two weeks .
This first appearance of Sirius in the pre-dawn sky was used to start the so - called Egyptian " lunar " calendar year , which was used for purposes of regulating religious affairs and everyday life .
Shortly after Sirius first reappeared in the east , the Nile would have its annual life - giving flood .
Because of the Nile ’s flooding at this time , the fixing of the new year could well be said to have been based on a geophysical as well as an astronomical event .
Although many other stars may be used to fix the beginning of a sidereal year , the Egyptians made an excellent choice for this purpose .
Sirius  Egyptians called it Sothis  not only signaled the approaching Nile flood , but is the brightest " fixed " star in the heavens .
In Egypt at the present time , Sirius rises just before the sun late in July , but usually ca n’t be seen until early August .
This is because as sunrise approaches , stars fade from view and the light of dawn obliterates starlight .
At the time Sirius is about to reappear , the constellation Orion is fully visible in the lower eastern sky .
With the bright star Betelguese on his shoulder , anyone familiar with constellations would find Orion hard to miss .
Sirius can be seen in the next constellation to rise ( Canis Major ) .
Because of this close relationship , Sirius was sometimes referred to as the " dog star " by early Greeks who thought of Canis Major as one of Orion ’s hunting hounds .
Other calendars used in the ancient Near East
Of the calendars of other peoples of the ancient Near East , very little is known .
Thus , though the names of all or of some months are known , their order is not .
The months were probably everywhere lunar , but evidence for intercalation is often lacking ; for instance , in Assyria .
The Assyrians Assyria was a kingdom of northern Mesopotamia that became the center of one of the great empires of the ancient Middle East .
It was located in what is now northern Iraq and southeastern Turkey .
For accounting , the Assyrians also used a kind of week , of five days , as it seems , identified by the name of an eponymous official .
Thus , a loan could be made and interest calculated for a number of weeks in advance and independently of the vagaries of the civil year .
In the city of Ashur , the years bore the name of the official elected for the year ; his eponym was known as the limmu .
As late as about 1070 B.C.E. , his installation date was not fixed in the calendar .
From about 1100 B.C.E. , however , Babylonian month names began to supplant Assyrian names , and , when Assyria became a world power , it used the Babylonian lunisolar calendar .
Assyria was a dependency of Babylonia and later of the Mitanni kingdom during most of the 2nd millennium B.C.E .
It emerged as an independent state in the 14th century B.C.E. , and in the subsequent period it became a major power in Mesopotamia , Armenia , and sometimes in northern Syria .
Assyrian power declined after the death of Tukulti- Ninurta I ( c. 1208 B.C.E. ) .
It was restored briefly in the 11th century B.C.E. by Tiglath - pileser I , but during the following period both Assyria and its rivals were preoccupied with the incursions of the seminomadic Aramaeans .
The Assyrian kings began a new period of expansion in the 9th century B.C.E. , and from the mid-8th to the late 7th century B.C.E. , a series of strong Assyrian kingsamong them Tiglath - pileser III , Sargon II , Sennacherib , and Esarhaddon united most of the Middle East , from Egypt to the Persian Gulf , under Assyrian rule .
The last great Assyrian ruler was Ashurbanipal , but his last years and the period following his death , in 627 B.C.E. , are obscure .
The state was finally destroyed by a Chaldean - Median coalition in 612-609 B.C.E .
Famous for their cruelty and fighting prowess , the Assyrians were also monumental builders , as shown by archaeological sites at Nineveh , Ashur , and Nimrud .
The Hittites The calendar of the Hittite Empire is known even less well .
As in Babylonia , the first Hittite month was that of first fruits , and , on its beginning , the gods determined the fates .
Hittites were a member of an ancient Indo - European people who appeared in Anatolia ( modern day Turkey ) at the beginning of the 2nd millennium B.C.E. ; by 1340 B.C.E. they had become one of the dominant powers of the Middle East .
Probably originating from the area beyond the Black Sea , the Hittites first occupied central Anatolia , making their capital at Hattusa ( modern Bogazköy ) .
Early kings of the Hittite Old Kingdom , such as Hattusilis I ( reigned c. 1650 - c. 1620 B.C.E. ) , consolidated and extended Hittite control over much of Anatolia and northern Syria .
Hattusilis ’ grandson Mursilis I raided down the Euphrates River to Babylon , putting an end ( c. 1590 B.C.E. ) to the Amorite dynasty there .
After the death of Mursilis , a dynastic power struggle ensued , with Telipinus finally gaining control about 1530 B.C.E .
In the noted Edict of Telipinus , long upheld by succeeding generations , he attempted to end lawlessness and to regulate the royal succession .
The fall of the Hittite empire ( c. 1193 B.C.E. ) was sudden and may be attributed to large - scale migrations that included the Sea Peoples .
Hittite cuneiform tablets discovered at Bogazköy ( in modern Turkey ) have yielded important information about their political organization , social structure , economy , and religion .
The Hittite king was not only the chief ruler , military leader , and supreme judge but also the earthly deputy of the storm god ; upon dying , he himself became a god .
Hittite society was essentially feudal and agrarian , the common people being either freemen , " artisans , " or slaves .
Anatolia was rich in metals , especially silver and iron .
In the empire period the Hittites developed iron - working technology , helping to initiate the Iron Age .
The religion of the Hittites is only incompletely known , though it can be characterized as a tolerant polytheism that included not only indigenous Anatolian deities but also Syrian and Hurrian divinities .
Iran
At about the time of the conquest of Babylonia in 539 B.C.E. , Persian kings made the Babylonian cyclic calendar standard throughout the Persian Empire , from the Indus to the Nile .
Aramaic documents from Persian Egypt , for instance , bear Babylonian dates besides the Egyptian .
Similarly , the royal years were reckoned in Babylonian style , from Nisanu 1 .
It is probable , however , that at the court itself the counting of regnal years began with the accession day .
The Seleucids and , afterward , the Parthian rulers of Iran maintained the Babylonian calendar .
The fiscal administration in northern Iran , from the 1st century B.C.E. , at least , used Zoroastrian month and day names in documents in Pahlavi ( the Iranian language of Sasanian Persia ) .
The origin and history of the Zoroastrian calendar year of 12 months of 30 days , plus five days ( that is , 365 days ) , remain unknown .
It became official under the Sasanian dynasty , from about C.E. 226 until the Arab conquest in 621 .
The Arabs introduced the Muslim lunar year , but the Persians continued to use the Sasanian solar year , which in 1079 was made equal to the Julian year by the introduction of the leap year .
Read more about the current use of this calculator ( the Persian calculator ) in Iran .
The rainy season The Himba people in Ekambu , Namibia , are some of the last peoples in the world living in relative isolation from modernity .
" When the thunderstorms start and the leaves grow from the ground , that ’s how we know it ’s the new year , " said Maverihepisa Koruhama , one of the villagers in Ekambu .
They measure time by the shifting sun and mark the coming of the new year with the arrival of seasonal rains that transform the parched red soil into a carpet of green .
In their Herero language , the word for " day " is the same as the word for " sun , " and the word for " year " means " rain . "
( Above left , children watch as a Himba woman , senior wife of Waitavira Tjambiru , anoints her arm with butter fat mixed with red ochre outside her hut in Etengwa , Namibia . )
Synergy with the earth James Lynch , an American scientist who has spent the past two decades helping Costa Rican farmers , said he has learned from them the importance of timing .
A tree cut down during a new moon , he said , will quickly be ravaged by the insects , while one felled several days before a full moon will stay free of termites for years .
Lynch now follows the practice .
" But I ’ve never seen any scientific study to back it up , " he said .
Indigenous knowledge can be faulty .
" Traditional people sometimes get things right , and sometimes get them wrong , " said Alan Fiske , a psychological anthropologist at the University of California at Los Angeles .
" Some things people do are bad for them . "
The problem , Fiske noted , is that verifying traditional knowledge is not easy .
The scientific method can be expensive , and data can be difficult to obtain .
Cro-magnon man ( Lascaux caves in France )
What could be the oldest lunar calendar ever created was been identified on the walls of the famous , prehistoric caves at Lascaux in France .
The interpretation that symbolic paintings , dating back 15,000 years , show the Moon going through its different phases comes from Dr. Michael Rappenglueck , of the University of Munich .
The German researcher has previously associated patterns left in the caves with familiar stars and constellations .
He now says groups of dots and squares painted among representations of bulls , antelope and horses depict the 29 - day cycle of the Earth ’s satellite .
Works of art Visiting the Lascaux caves is an opportunity most people would never get to protect the historic site from unnecessary wear and tear , all visitors now tour a mock - up of the caves , the so - called Lascaux II .
Visiting the caves , once one ’s eyes adjust to the half - light , visitors are struck with amazement .
Anyone who has seen the paintings on the walls can be left in no doubt that they represent some of the greatest works of art every created .
" The secret of understanding these caves , " Dr Rappenglueck says , " is to understand the people who painted these walls .
They painted the sky , but not all of it .
Just the parts that were specially important to them . "
Cro-magnon man
The animals were painted on to the walls of the chamber by Cro-magnon man , one of our close relations , 15,000 years ago .
He thrived in a temperate valley in the Dordogne while the rest of Europe was held in the grip of an ice age .
Dr. Rappenglueck gave a tour to David Whitehouse of the BBC .
" Here it is , " he said , as he headed down a passage .
He was pointing to a line of dots painted half way up the wall .
" Count them .
Count them . "
Below a stunning painting of a deer was a row of 13 dots , ending in a square .
" Why 13 ? " " It ’s half of the Moon ’s monthly cycle , " Dr. Rappenglueck said .
" One dot for each day the Moon is in the sky .
At the new Moon , when it vanishes from the sky , we see an empty square , perhaps symbolically representing the absent Moon .
" But there ’s more , further along . "
The Munich researcher gestured to me to move along the passageway .
Beneath a dappled , brown horse with a dark mane was another row of dots .
This time there were more of them .
" There are 29 of them - one for each day of the Moon ’s 29 - day cycle when it runs through its phases in the sky .
It was a rhythm of nature that was important to these people . "
Dr. Rappenglueck looked around at the bulls , antelope and horses painted on the walls with such obvious admiration .
" They were aware of all the rhythms of nature .
Their survival depended on them , they were a part of them . "
But there is another puzzle .
The series of dots that curve away from the main row .
" Why do they do that ? "
" I think that indicates the time of the new Moon , when it disappears from the sky for several days , " said Dr. Rappenglueck .
There is definitely astronomy on the walls of Lascaux .
Earlier this year , Dr Rappenglueck identified a series of constellations painted on the wall of a shaft off the main chamber at Lascaux .
The tiny pattern of the Pleiades star cluster can also be seen hanging above the shoulder of a bull near the entrance to the main passageway .
We will probably never understand completely what Cro-magnon man had in mind when he painted the Lascaux caves .
The images of the animals seem obvious but what are we to make of the geometrical shapes and patterns scattered in between these creatures ?
St. Paul police are estimating the lines for the Obama rally tonight at the Xcel Center .
The line winded its way through downtown St. Paul for more than 1.5 miles .
The line here crosses 5th and Wabasha .
MPR Photo / Bob Collins
Many of the thousands who arrived several hours early for Sen.
Barack Obama 's appearance in downtown St. Paul said the wait was a small price to pay in exchange for watching history unfold .
The Associated Press is reporting that Obama has sealed the Democratic presidential nomination today , taking him one step closer to becoming the nation 's first African - American president .
Fifth grader Jamier Sumrall ( right ) worked on her math skills by trying to compute delegate counts with her mother .
" I asked my teacher Miss Smith if I could skip school to come here .
She said it was okay because she was skipping school too . "
Smurall was just one of thousands of people standing in line for the rally .
MPR Photo / Bill Alkofer
For the Minnesotans supporting the Illinois senator , they wanted to honor him with a massive , Midwestern - style party to celebrate the milestone .
" It 's part of history , it 's so exciting , and we just want to be part of it , " said Kristen Johnson of Inver Grove Heights , who came with her daughter and a friend .
Johnson , a longtime DFLer , was n't pleased when the Republicans first announced they would be hosting their convention in St.
Paul this year .
But she said the Obama appearance , on such a historic night , was redemption .
In spite of rain , large crowds began to form early at the Xcel Center where Barack Obama is scheduled to speak tonight .
Photo submitted Julie Sandberg
" It 's sort of an in - your - face demonstration of how this huge cross-section of the Midwest is coming out in support of him , " she said .
" I think he can go up against the Republican candidate and be successful , and I think we 're showing that here . "
People hoped to hear Obama speak about all sorts of issues , ranging from college tuition to the war on Iraq .
But most of all , they said they just wanted to see him on the night he was declared the Democratic nominee .
Debra and Leo Rojas of Plymouth , sporting matching Obama sweatshirts , remarked on the youth of the crowd .
They represent a politcally energized younger generation , said Debra Rojas , calling it " a good change for America . "
Clifford Dodd of St. Cloud shows off a shirt he 's selling bearing Obama 's face and the words : Change is coming .
Large crowds began to form early outside of the Xcel Center as Obama supporters gathered to hear the presidential nominee speak tonight .
MPR Photo / Laura Yuen
But she also appreciates Obama 's message of unity .
And she 's excited that a non-white candidate has a real shot at becoming president .
Rojas is Native American , and her husband is originally from Venezuela .
" It is time for us minorities to stand up and support another minority running for president .
That 's a big history - making thing , " she said .
" I think the whole world is looking at America now and saying , ' Wow , that is not the America we 're used to .
We 're used to the other kind of America . "
Jessie Watkins of Washington D.C. is part of a traveling circuit of pro-Obama merchandise following his campaign as it cris-crosses the nation .
MPR Photo / Laura Yuen
Peddlers from Los Angeles to Washington D.C. were hawking their T - shirts and buttons along the sidewalks fronting the Xcel .
Anthony Brown , a self - declared spoken - word poet who goes by Tony B. Conscious , entertained crowds with a bullhorn and rhymes .
" Coined the Obama hip - hop hype man , I 'm from L.A. , but I 've been to every state , trying to make Obama great , in 2008 , all about love , not hate " he preached .
Brown and others are part of a traveling circuit of street vendors who support the Illinois senator 's bid for the presidency .
City officials expect many more hawkers -- who lean toward the political right -- to apply for permits before the RNC in early September .
The Statute of Limitations
In common law there is something called ' the statute of limitations , ' which is there to prevent people from being eternally held liable for things that they have done in the past .
When a crime is committed or a mistake made , the citizen has a right to challenge anything except murder , when and if a ' charge ' comes up that exceeds seven years after the fact of whatever happened .
That was the law until the U.S.A. Patriot
Act was quietly passed .
Under the old rules anyone could be questioned about whether or not they had ever been convicted of a crime , and those convictions could be used to deny employment and or qualification for any number of things .
But anything less that a conviction was not required to be listed , by the applicant , as part of their personal history .
After 911 , the government has opened those formerly closed books which are kept on all criminal and civil activity in which anything that any person might have been loosely associated with , in any way , might now be used against them when it comes to anything that might be construed as having any bearing whatsoever on ' national security . '
In effect what this invasion of personal privacy does , strips anyone of any finality , when it comes to their personal standing before any form of authority in any situation which the government might feel the need to fully investigate anyone with a supposedly clean record of past behavior .
This ' special treatment ' includes your personal medical records , as well as your financial records and all personal contacts that can and in many cases have been traced by the government 24 - 7 , since 2001 when Bush gave himself permission to violate the law , in collusion with the major communications giants .
One consequence of this illegal act was to cloud the credibility of anyone with a history of mental difficulties , drug use or abuse , and or any other ' problems - with - authority ' that might arise in the course of trying to survive in the speed - of - light society in which zero tolerance has taken precedence over following the strict requirements of settled law .
That means when a problem arises , the individual must prove ( again ) that he or she is innocent of allegations contained in their own records .
This ought to be a crime , but instead it has become standard operating procedure when it comes to ordinary people appearing on any number of various lists : including the no-fly list .
Liabilities
Having a clean record is important to those applying for anything ; yet the opposite is true of those applying for high government positions .
Being a politician for instance requires a closet full of skeletons ( and a bank vault full of money ) , before anyone can be taken seriously as a candidate for anything major .
A checkered - past is actually beneficial to politicians , whereas citizens that have not tried to stretch the laws are automatically totally unqualified for high office .
In life people want to know something about those they might need to trust - yet in political life that qualification has not only been dropped but is vigorously kept hidden by the press and by those to whom the candidates would of necessity be loyal to , after the office is obtained .
In business one would never hire known criminals unless they are planning to embark upon a criminal enterprise ; yet government hires virtually no one but criminals to do our bidding for us .
How else can this be seen , when we hire people to oversee agencies that actually do the opposite of what the supposed agency was created to do to protect the public !
Why then are government officials never charged for the crimes they commit - while the public is rigorously prosecuted for virtually any infraction of every one of the thousands of minor laws which we are all supposedly subject to ?
When major crimes are the topic , there is no felony involved in most white - collar crimes because that privilege is reserved for the little people who cannot afford the heavy - hitting legal defense teams needed to defeat the charges .
So the public now must live in limbo , never knowing when some detail of something decades old might be dregged up to color some action that the government might want to block that individual from taking :
While the government can do whatever it wants , despite the laws , in order to stay in power and to keep the public from objecting to their illegal and outrageous crimes , ( both national and international ) .
This is being done in our names , because the ' government ' is supposed to be " We the People " through our elected representatives .
But the truth is those in office at the top were not elected , and those who were , serve masters other than the people they supposedly represent !
When the facts finally do surface about the lies told in order to get elected , such as a false biography , and - or criminal associations that in some cases go back decades - nothing is ever done to the office - holder , and no " responsibility " for the deceptions and lies is ever laid against that high government official or corporate officer - aside from the pitiful few .
Here is the price that we pay for the lies that we tolerate !
Corporations too seem to enjoy near total immunity from both consequences and the need to maintain a responsible record :
This ought to be a requirement of their corporate charters , but in most cases it is not , because it might interfere in the scale of the profits to be earned , which is the sole point for the formation of most corporations in the first place .
So neither the government nor the corporations need worry about their criminal past , while the public must consider every act they 've ever committed when and if they ever find themselves in the clutches of the Thought Police that will rule this country once the Senate passes the other half of that legislation - probably right after the November selections process is complete .
When the government or the Corporations lie , whether to sell a product or a war , millions if not billions of people are directly affected - yet no laws are enforced regarding these huge and massively costly Lies .
Instead their crimes are termed " political " and therefore are permissible as they were done to serve " some higher purpose " such as " the national security interests of the United States . "
Yet the prisons are overflowing with small - time criminals and only about 10 % of those locked up , have any real reason for being there !
LIES
We established the Code of Law to protect the innocent as well as to punish the guilty ; yet these ' laws ' do not apply to corporations or apparently to government officials : they only apply to common people , people of color , people without connections , people that are in Henry Kissinger 's words only " useless eaters . "
In brief , anyone with connections need never fear prosecution or prison ; and even if there is a conviction they can always be pardoned .
If they are not high enough to warrant a pardon then they serve out some mild sentence in a country - club prison where they can play tennis , swim , and compose their memoirs .
These crimes cost us billions of dollars , in the case of the criminal attack upon Iraq that will eventually cost us three - trillion - dollars , and no one will be charged with any part of this catastrophic war - crime , from the torture to the maiming and displacement as well as the killing of millions of people !
This war - in - Iraq is now in its sixth year , in this latest iteration , having been nothing more than a continuation of the 1991 war on Iraqhosted by Poppy Bush & Bill Clinton for twelve very long years - eighteen years of WAR and Iraq is still not conquered , but the profits for the criminals has never been greater !
Given the facts that are now part of history , how much should the use of these lies cost those , who used them , to create their mega- profits and confound the rest of the world !
No politician of any high political standing wants to Impeach anyone for anything ; in fact almost to a person they all swear publicly to support the Madness - of - Israel in its own little quest to destroy the world ; and Israel insists that we pay for all this in Euros , not the now worthless U.S. dollars .
The former United States is being led around by the nose by an outlaw state that has never kept her word , broken most of the agreements she has signed , and Israel has abstained from the IAEA while insisting that Iran be prosecuted by the world , for daring to legally pursue Nuclear Energy as a legitimate alternative to oil .
Mossad agents were doing many of the interviews inside Abu Ghraib , they had agents in New York city on 911 , as observers and possibly as participants ; but the FBI flew those Israeli's that were detained out of the country , without questioning them concerning their presence here on that day .
Israel is as complicit in the events of 911 as any of the other official suspects , and yet they have somehow now become more important than any other ally we have - why is that !
The only consolation is that universally there is no statute of limitation for murder , much less mass murder or crimes against humanity !
By the same token the real problem for most Americans is that there is also no reprieve from this fascist police state which we have allowed our country to become !
When ' justice ' is no longer even remotely available and the criminals are running the government and the business of the world : there will be a backlash and it will not be orderly , but it will end this tyranny at last !
kirwanstudios@sbcglobal.net
Preparing the War in Iran http://www.worldcantwait.net/index.php?
option=com_content&task=view&id=4784&Itemid=220 Video on Preparing for the War in Iran http://therealnews.com/t/index.php?
option=com_content&task=view&id=31&Itemid=74&jumival=1809
The latest throwback muscle car is from Dodge and it wreaks of muscle , testosterone , and yes is another lady that makes my pants tight .
Dodge even managed to get the colors right and offer a selection to make anyone feel like a badass behind the wheel of the new 425 horsepower monster .
The new 08 Dodge Challenger comes in a very limited quantity of 6,400 units sporting the hemi v -8 engine .
My guess is the limited production is because of this v- 8 Challenger only getting 13 miles per gallon .
Hey , if you are purchasing a new Challenger you are n’t worried about gas mileage anyways ( at $ 40,000 SRT - 8 sticker price ) , but if you are expect a girlified v- 6 Challenger version in 09 .
Gruesome 08 Challenger Details
Engine : 6.1 - liter V - 8 with 425 horsepower , 420 pound - feet of torque .
Transmission : Five - speed automatic .
Speed : 0 to 60 mph in 4.8 seconds .
Gas mileage per gallon : 13 city ; 18 highway .
Retail Price : $ 41,310 .
Sorry all you mullet sporting , mustache wearing goons , the manual transmission wo n’t be available until the 09 Challenger comes out this fall .
The way it looks , you better go ahead and get in line and pre-order your 09 Challenger , because these cars are hot .
Howell Raines was executive editor of The New York Times * from 2001 to 2003 .*
Back in 1999 , I was at the Poynter Institute , a journalism think tank in St. Petersburg , Florida , when Jim Romenesko was introduced as Poynter 's newest hire .
Sandy Rowe , editor of the Oregonian , in Portland , was there too , along with a venerable prof from Columbia ’s journalism school .
As ink - stained traditionalists , we were aflutter about Poynter president Jim Naughton 's nervy decision to hire an obscure gossip blogger to increase traffic on Poynter 's dignified website .
Poynter called our little group of visiting editors its advisory board , which meant we got a free trip to sunny Tampa Bay every January .
Little did we suspect that in the person of Romenesko , a shy journalism nerd from Wisconsin , we were looking at the future — or at least the next decade .
I found Romenesko recently , where he begins every day , in his home office .
Since he inhabits a virtual world , it was a virtual interview .
I watched the famously reclusive blogger on my computer via an iChat video hookup that let him see me as I asked questions about the death of American newspapers .
Romenesko described how his inspiration , circa 1998 — to link up all the journalists in America on a blog originally called MediaGossip — had made him a cloistered digital monk , rising at 5 a .m. every day to begin doggedly posting tidbits of journalism - related news gleaned from other websites ( he looks at more than 100 sites a day ) .
A true obsessive , he quit taking vacations because he knew his second - guessing would drive any stand - in editor crazy .
In the early days , he read some print newspapers every morning , but like the rest of America , he got over it : " They can stack up for a week plus , and maybe on a weekend , I 'll finally get to them . "
Romenesko quickly found himself living a lonely - guy existence .
" I was basically stuck in my apartment , " he says .
“ I would find myself at 3 or 4 in the afternoon , still in my bathrobe . "
This way of life grew from his hunch about the future of social interaction .
" The first time I really sampled the internet , in 1989 , " he says , " I knew this would be a culture - changing force , and I wanted to be part of it . "
So did the disgruntled newsies who quickly discovered that by having Romenesko post their internal memos they could manipulate their bosses .
Poynter had retitled Romenesko's " one - man show , " as he calls his site , to remove the noxious word gossip .
In short order , Bill Mitchell , the director of Poynter Online who first spotted Romenesko , said that his new star helped Poynter surpass the journalism reviews as the place where professionals get their " news about news . "
The site soared to ever - greater prominence after 9/11 , Romenesko says , and by " following little dramas in journalism , like the Jayson Blair scandal at the New York Times . "
Ouch !
It 's true that the late Gerald Boyd and I , then the top two editors at the Times , were among the first to get Romenesko'd out of our jobs .
According to Roy Peter Clark , the senior scholar at the Poynter Institute , the verb form of Romenesko's name quickly established itself as journalistic shorthand for getting zapped , often fatally , by unflattering publicity .
I never really blamed the messenger .
Since then , however , hard times have hit the newspaper business , and today , many editors are doing just that , grousing that Romenesko's blog at poynter.org feeds gloom and doom in the nation 's newsrooms with its instantaneous reporting of layoffs , declining ad revenues , and fire - sale prices being paid for metropolitan dailies .
Romenesko himself sees the irony .
With typical Midwestern modesty , he says he did n't set out to create a media - economics monitoring service but rather a national " community of journalists " for " people like me who are obsessed with newspapers . "
That his site has become a high - tech tom - tom for angst - ridden members of a dying tribe was merely a side effect .
In a sense , Romenesko is both the medium and the message .
Newspaper publishers assumed that even if the printing press disappeared , the internet would still have an insatiable need for their basic product — verified facts , hierarchically arranged by importance .
But Romenesko's rapid growth showed that even newsrooms are part of the emerging market for an unprocessed sprawl of information , delivered immediately and with as few filters as possible between the fingertips of one laptop user and the eyeballs of another .
In short , it 's not technology per se that ’s killing newspapers ; it ’s plummeting demand for quality information .
That 's the big picture for journalism and Romenesko .
They are both being done in by large impersonal forces like the commoditization of news , accelerated obsolescence , mutating news values , and what happens when newspapers try to wring 21st - century profits from the 18th - century technique of transporting , by cart and hand , individualized packages of words on paper .
So there was something vaguely Conradian about the video image of Romenesko ’s apartment and his soft pleasant features , and his obviously sincere devotion to words on paper that came through my laptop 's tiny speaker .
It 's not that either of us was mumbling about " the horror , the horror . "
But we are both survivors of the print era destined to be bucked off the same bronco of change .
Some of us and our papers are already history .
I 'm not sure Romenesko has yet grasped that the informational storm he unleashed a decade ago is already undermining his prominence as the most famous trade name in media blogging .
Right now , though , life is good .
Romenesko is Poynter 's highest - paid nonexecutive employee , at more than $ 170,000 a year .
The advent of WiFi has freed him from his one - bedroom apartment in Evanston , Illinois .
By 6 a.m , he 's dressed and off to the Starbucks across the street , drinking coffee and multitasking on his MacBook Air .
He also runs Starbucks Gossip , an independent blog about the company , a job that " pays for my coffee and maybe a sandwich . "
Then he moves to other WiFi- enabled spots , notably the Unicorn , a café crowded with " old fogies like me reading newspapers " and Northwestern University students munching sandwiches and staring at their computer screens .
" I like to think they do n’t see me as a dinosaur site , " Romenesko says when I suggest that he , like print newspapers , has an aging readership , and the kids are probably not on his blog .
Indeed , there are signs that younger journalists are looking elsewhere for trade news that is intentionally satirical and loaded with political spin and contempt for the bosses .
One site of choice these days is Gawker , which promises " media gossip and pop culture round the clock . "
Gawker now reaches an audience several times larger than Romenesko's and has paid backhanded tributes to " mild - mannered Jim Romenesko , who runs the most feared blog in journalism ( except for this one ) . "
Gawker has also needled the pioneer of its craft about his Starbucks gig , and its readers tend to speak of Romenesko more as a historical figure than a must - read .
" I do n’t feel obligated to check it daily since a lot of the news does n’t directly relate to me , " says a young New York - based reporter at a major newspaper .
" I think Romenesko is what Gawker would look like if it had morals .
It 's basically a newspaper on newspapers and provides a great top - line summary for a dying industry — an invaluable tool for that master 's thesis 20 years from now on the fall of paper . "
Even without such scholarship , we know that the internet chews up content faster than print or broadcasting , and more impersonally .
The swift rise and incipient eclipse of Romenesko illustrates what a quick trip it is from guru to geezer in cyberspace , and the Manhattan buzz is that Gawker , too , has already peaked .
Traditionalist critics view Romenesko as the guy who opened the first and biggest hole in the sacred wall between news and gossip in reporting about the media .
The newer media blogs , however , see him as being confined by passé , self - imposed rules , such as his steady refusal to make his own website into a political soapbox and post the most extreme commentators from the alternative press .
Given my age , I tend to regard Romenesko's legitimation of gossip as unfortunate and his devotion to the tradition of fairness as noble .
There 's a word for these kinds of distinctions between the tawdry state of today 's journalism and the golden age of immutable values : quaint .
In little more than a century , journalism has been conducted under a variety of short - lived labels .
Yellow journalism begat objective journalism , which begat investigative journalism , which begat advocacy journalism .
To some of us , the New Journalism looked like a destination , but that was before the passage through gossip journalism to our next stop : fact - free journalism .
The fogies are in an uproar about the internet 's glorification of opinions from a nation of bloggers sitting around , figuratively speaking , in Romenesko's old bathrobes .
Oregonian editor Sandy Rowe , one of the more original thinkers at a legacy newspaper , counsels us to ignore the " journalistic tizzy fit of righteous indignation . "
We were never as careful with facts as we claimed to be before Romenesko's great leap , which she defines as " the whole notion of the viral broadcast of often unverified information . "
According to Rowe , the instant peer review that Romenesko has instituted by nationalizing newspaper shoptalk has two sides : " At its worst , it stifles creativity , makes executives risk - averse , and wastes valuable time and energy , " Rowe said in an e-mail exchange in which we shared memories about the day we met Romenesko .
" Advantages :
It 's fast , it 's free , it 's efficient , and sometimes it 's even correct . ”
I would simply add that you should read Romenesko while you can .
He wo n't be around forever , but his contribution will last .
I ’m not talking about his wholesaling of newsroom gossip ; I 'm talking about his trailblazing business model , succeeding where the websites of major newspapers have pretty much failed .
That is , he 's proven that speedily aggregated , often unsubstantiated information is marketable .
Both the Huffington Post and the investors behind Tina Brown 's proposed aggregation site are also betting on that .
Because Romenesko is an online pioneer with old - fashioned newspaper values , he chose to do it in a nonprofit environment , but money can be made with his formula .
That 's why Poynter has steadily boosted his pay and why Roy Peter Clark and others at the institute are anxious that an internet giant like Microsoft , Google , or Yahoo will soon dangle a big salary in front of him to shift - key his daily bundle of nearly 100,000 unique visitors over to its website .
Poynter comforts itself with the thought that Romenesko did n’t found MediaGossip back in the dawn of the digital era with the idea of becoming rich .
But like the rest of us , he might not mind wealth if it plopped into his lap .
He wisely declined a 2002 job offer from Steven Brill , founder of the now defunct Brill 's Content .
With the velocity of creative destruction in the information industry ever increasing , though , I say this to the Monk of Evanston about the next time the big dogs come sniffing around :
Take the money .
By Spencer Kelly
Presenter , BBC Click
Facebook has millions of users throughout the world Personal details of Facebook users could potentially be stolen , the BBC technology programme Click has found .
The popular social networking site allows users to add a variety of applications to their profile .
But a malicious program , masquerading as a harmless application , could potentially harvest personal data .
Facebook says users should exercise caution when adding applications .
Any programs which violate their terms will be removed , the network said .
Stealing details Facebook is the darling of the moment , allowing friends to stay in touch , post photos , and share fun little games and quizzes .
And it also lets you keep your details private from the rest of the world .
Or at least that is the implication .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
We made up the fictitious profile of Bob Smith .
He keeps most of his details on his profile private from non-friends .
While we could not get all details , what we did get , included his name , hometown , school , interests and photograph , would certainly help us to steal someone 's identity .
Mining data
So how did we do it ?
Thousands of applications are available to Facebook users Using a couple of laptops and our resident coder Pete , we created a special application for Facebookers to add .
One of the reasons Facebook has become so popular so quickly is because of the wealth of applications users can add to their profile pages .
Little games , quizzes , IQ tests , there are thousands of them available .
And once you have added an application , your friends are encouraged to add it too .
Anyone with a basic understanding of web programming can write an application .
SECURITY ADVICE
Click 's advice for worried Facebook users
We wrote an evil data mining application called Miner , which , if we wanted , could masquerade as a game , a test , or a joke of the day .
It took us less than three hours .
But whatever it looks like , in the background , it is collecting personal details , and those of the users ' friends , and e-mailing them out of Facebook , to our inbox .
When you add an application , unless you say otherwise , it is given access to most of the information in your profile .
That includes information you have on your friends even if they think they have tight security settings .
Did you know that you were responsible for other people 's security ?
Security Now , many applications do need access to your details , in order to work properly .
We do not know of any specific application which abuses user information , apart from ours .
But the ease with we created our application has many people worried .
If it is being used you would not even have to use the application we created to become a victim , you would just have to be a friend of someone who has .
Morally , Facebook has acted naively
Paul Docherty , Technical Director of Portcullis Security
Because these applications run on third - party servers , not run by Facebook - it is difficult for the company to check what is going on , whether anything has changed , and how long applications store data for and what they do with it .
Although Facebook 's terms and conditions contain a warning that this could in theory happen , and offer the option to stop an application from accessing your details , many games and quizzes would not work if this option is engaged .
In fact , the only way we can see of completely protecting yourself from applications skimming information about you and your friends is to erase all the applications on your profile and opt to not use any applications in the future .
So has Facebook done enough to protect its users from identity theft ?
Paul Docherty is the Technical Director of Portcullis Security , which advises several governments on IT security matters including British government .
He told us he believed that Facebook 's terms and conditions stated on the site meant that Facebook had legally covered itself from any liability .
But he added : " Morally , Facebook has acted naively . "
He said : " Facebook needs to change its default settings and tighten up security . "
He also believes it would be difficult to secure the current system because so many third party applications are now in circulation .
Removal team
We put these concerns to Facebook .
It told us that it has an entire investigations team watching the site , and removing applications that violate its terms of use which would include our Miner application .
FACEBOOK Q&A Read Facebook 's full response
It also advises users to use the same precautions while downloading software from Facebook applications that they use when downloading software on their desktop .
Now , all this comes in the month that competitor MySpace opened up its application platform .
However , it handles them differently - here all applications run on its own servers so it can see what they are up to .
MySpace also manually checks all submissions and rechecks them if authors wish to change the code .
We were unable to create a similar threat to users ' security using the MySpace system .
It certainly seems that Facebook 's standard security settings are not sufficient to protect your personal information , and those of your friends .
Are you a Facebook user concerned about your personal details ?
Have you had your data skimmed ?
Your comments : I 'm a Facebook user and although I 've not been skimmed ( I can't even know yet until something flags it ) it 's really scary to hear that this is possible with the ever number of applications in the site .
Everyday I get about 20 requests to join / add different applications onto my profile and this news makes me want to remove all of them .
Problem is , if you do remove them , then what are you going to do on Facebook ?
Give us more security features Facebook .
Ralph Ofuyo , Nairobi , Kenya
The only data an application can " steal " is that which has already been posted to Facebook by the user themselves .
Common sense dictates " anything " you put on the internet can be found by just about anyone .
Mark , Dallas , Texas , USA Perhaps the problem lies not so much with Facebook than with our banking system .
If your date of birth and address are enough to get a credit card or a mortgage , no wonder this is being abused .
Is n't this yet another sign that we need a better way to prove one 's identity ?
Surely a national identity card would go a long way towards this - other countries do n't seem to have these problems .
Bob , Oxford
This is why I lie to Facebook about things like date of birth , setting them to be roughly there but not accurate enough .
I tend to do this to any site that insists on having this information but I do n't see the need for .
Richard , Leeds , UK I use Facebook on a daily basis to keep in touch with friends .
I 've gotten very tight with my security settings but it never occurred to me to worry about the applications that my friends and I have added .
Thanks for the heads up !
Kate K , Washington DC , USA
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
US Army general David D McKiernan , the commander of NATO forces in Afghanistan , told AP today the two incidents were being investigated .
He noted militants hide among and intimidate civilians .
US spokesman 1st Lieutenant Nathan Perry said the military has repeatedly seen militants falsely claim civilians were killed .
" Whenever we do an airstrike , the first thing they 're going to cry is ' Airstrike killed civilians , ' when the missile actually struck militant extremists we were targeting in the first place , " Perry said .
" At this time , we do n't believe we 've harmed anyone except for the combatants . "
In a statement , Karzai cited allegations by Tamim Nuristani , the governor of Nuristan province , that 15 civilians were killed and seven wounded in the attack on Friday .
During a cabinet meeting today , top Afghan officials prayed for any innocent lives lost , a presidential palace statement said .
" The killing and wounding of our countrymen as the result of airstrikes is news that always makes us sad , " Karzai said .
In the second incident early today , the chief government official in the Deh Bala district of Nangarhar province said villagers reported as many as 27 people walking in a group toward a wedding were killed in a bombing .
Up to 11 other people were wounded , Haji Amishah Gul said .
Nuristan provincial police chief spokesman Ghafor Khan said fighter aircraft attacked a group of militants near the village of Kacu , but one of the missiles went off course and hit the wedding party .
Khan said many militants were killed in the attack as well .
Both officials relied on reports called in by telephone from villagers .
The area was too remote for officials or reporters to reach .
Gul said the group killed included men , women and children .
Six of those wounded were taken to the provincial hospital in Jalalabad .
Lal Wazir , an Afghan who helped bring the wounded to the hospital , said the airstrike came at 6.30 am .
" The wedding participants were on their way to the groom 's house , " Wazir said outside the hospital , his tunic covered in blood after carrying some of those wounded .
" They stopped in a narrow location for rest .
The plane came and bombed the area .
There were between 80 to 90 people altogether , " he said .
" We have carried six of the injured to this hospital , and more might be coming .
The exact number of casualties is not clear . "
A US - led coalition statement said an airstrike killed several militants in Nangarhar .
The issue of civilian casualties has caused friction between the Afghan government and US and NATO troops , and has weakened the standing of Western - backed Karzai in the eyes of the population .
Karzai has repeatedly called for better coordination between Afghan and foreign troops in pursuing militants through populated areas , and for international troops to cut down on civilian casualties .
Deaths of ordinary Afghans caused a huge outcry last year , but there have been fewer accusations of such killings in recent months .
McKiernan said NATO uses a " very judicious and strict application of lethal force . "
" Civilian casualties are very , very important in this campaign .
One is one too many , " he said .
" I do think we have ... the right procedures in place to mitigate and minimise any collateral damage to people or material . "
Perry said military reports still indicated the Friday airstrike by coalition helicopters in Nuristan hit two vehicles carrying militants who had attacked a NATO base with mortars .
Karzai suggested Afghan civilians may have been fleeing at the time of the strike because of a warning from the US coalition .
" Coalition forces are saying that this operation was against armed insurgents in the area , but Governor Nuristani is insisting that three hours before this airstrike , people were informed by international forces that they should leave the area because of a possible airstrike against insurgents , " Karzai said in a statement .
Elsewhere , in the southern province of Helmand -- the other hotly contested region in the country -- a clash killed seven Taliban and two police , provincial police Chief Mohammad Hussein Andiwal said .
Five other officers were wounded during the fight yesterday in Nawa district , he said .
The coalition said several militants were also killed on Friday during an operation in Ghazni province .
More than 2,100 people -- mostly militants -- have been killed in insurgency - related violence in Afghanistan this year .
More than 8,000 people died in attacks last year , according to the UN , the most since the 2001 US - led invasion .
The number of militant attacks has been on the rise this summer compared with the same period last year , NATO officials say .
AP
TEHRAN ( Reuters ) - Iran would destroy Israel and 32 U.S. military bases in the Middle East if the Islamic Republic was attacked over its disputed nuclear program , a senior Iranian official was quoted as saying on Saturday .
Iranian government spokesman Gholamhossein Elham talks to journalists at his weekly news conference in Tehran November 13 , 2007 .
Iran warned the United States and Israel on Saturday it would be " madness " to attack the Islamic Republic over a nuclear program the West suspects is aimed at making bombs .
REUTERS / Morteza Nikoubazl
The Islamic Republic and Israel have been embroiled in an escalating war of words in recent weeks , increasing speculation of military confrontation and helping to send global oil prices to record highs .
Iranian missile tests this week further stoked tension and rattled financial markets .
“ The U.S. knows full well that with the smallest move against Iran , Israel and 32 U.S. military bases in the region would not be out of the reach of our missiles and would be destroyed , ” the semi-official Fars News Agency quoted Mojtaba Zolnour as saying in a speech .
Zolnour is the deputy of Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei ’s representative in Iran ’s elite Revolutionary Guards .
Israel staged an air force exercise last month that sparked speculation about a possible assault on Iranian nuclear sites .
Israel , long assumed to have its own atomic arsenal , has sworn to prevent Iran from emerging as a nuclear - armed power .
Washington has said it wants a diplomatic end to the row but has not ruled out military action should that fail .
Syrian President Bashar al - Assad , who has close ties with Iranian leaders , said on Saturday he wanted a political solution to the dispute , adding : “ To the best of our knowledge , Iran has no intention of trying to obtain nuclear weapons . ”
He made his comments at a joint news conference with French President Nicolas Sarkozy after talks in Paris .
Iran , the world ’s fourth largest oil exporter , has vowed to strike back at Israel , U.S. interests and shipping in the region if it is attacked , threatening to close the Strait of Hormuz , conduit for about 40 percent of globally traded oil .
On Wednesday , Iran said it tested nine long - and medium - range missiles , including one which it says could reach Israel and U.S. bases .
“ MADNESS AND STUPIDITY ”
Some U.S. facilities across the Gulf are little more than 200 km ( 124 miles ) from Iran ’s coast .
The United States has air and naval bases in nearby Arab states , including Qatar and Bahrain .
In Jerusalem , Arye Mekel , Israel ’s Foreign Ministry spokesman , declined to comment on Zolnour ’s remarks .
Tehran says its nuclear projects are aimed only at generating electricity .
Western nations and Israel fear the Islamic Republic is seeking to build bombs .
Analysts say any U.S. or Israeli attack on Iran would be limited to air strikes , rather than a full - scale offensive with U.S. ground forces , which are tied down in Iraq and Afghanistan .
They say Iran could also respond with unconventional tactics , such as deploying small craft to hit ships , or using allies in the area to strike at U.S. or Israeli interests .
Earlier on Saturday , Iran ’s government spokesman , Gholamhossein Elham , warned the United States and Israel it would be “ madness and stupidity ” to attack Iran .
The United States and five other major powers have offered Iran economic and other benefits if it halts its most sensitive atomic activities , something Tehran says it will not do .
Iran ’s chief nuclear negotiator Saeed Jalili is expected to meet European Union foreign policy chief Javier Solana in Geneva on July 19 for talks on the long - running dispute .
Elham said Iran was ready for talks in “ fair conditions ” but would not accept giving up what it sees as its nuclear rights .
The United Nations and Western countries have stepped up sanctions on the Islamic Republic over its nuclear plans , which analysts say are deterring foreign investors .
Tehran says its windfall oil earnings will enable it to carry out projects on its own and also that it will find other firms particularly from energy - hungry Asia to invest .
Oil Minister Gholamhossein Nozari said Tehran would press ahead with “ renewed strength ” in developing a major gas field in the Gulf , days after French firm Total said it would not invest in the South Pars Phase 11 project for now over political risks .
Infowars
July 10 , 2008
Flint , Michigan , the hometown of Michael Moore , is the third most violent city in the nation , according to data gathered by the Citizens Quarterly Press .
In fact , Michigan is a economic wasteland , thanks to “ off - shoring , ” that is to say sending U.S. manufacturing jobs to slaves in China and other Asian hell holes .
No jobs and no hope equals violence and property crime .
So , what are Flint ’s cops worried about ?
Sagging pants and exposed buttocks .
“ Flint residents now have to watch their butts because Police Chief David Dicks is on the lookout , ” reports the Detroit Free Press .
It would seem saggy pants would be the least of Dicks ’ and Flint ’s problems , but never mind .
No doubt the city believes issuing fines to kids in saggy pants will help prop up something else sagging in Flint — the city ’s budget .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Advertisements
The presidential campaign of John McCain released a new ad today that compares Barack Obama ’s celebrity to Brittney Spears , and claims that Obama supports higher taxes and more foreign oil .
The Obama camp responded by saying Oops , he did it again , and slammed McCain ’s energy policy .
Here is the McCain ad :
Advertisements
Obama campaign spokesman Tommy Vietor said , “ On a day when major news organizations across the country are taking Senator McCain to task for a steady stream of false , negative attacks , his campaign has launched yet another .
Or , as some might say , ‘ Oops !
He did it again . ’ ”
Vietor then blasted McCain ’s energy policy , “ In this election the American people have a real choice — between Obama ’s plan to provide tax rebates to American families while creating a renewable energy economy in America that frees us from our dependence on foreign oil , and Senator McCain ’s plan to continue the same failed energy policies by handing out nearly $ 4 billion in tax breaks to oil companies while investing almost nothing in the new energy sources that represent our future . ”
This latest McCain ad comes off as jealousy over Obama ’s popularity .
I do n’t understand why the McCain camp is wasting their limited resources on attack ads that should be left to the RNC or 527 groups .
The problem with going negative this early is that most people are n’t following the election yet , so the campaign is n’t even hitting their target audience .
If this is the way , the McCain camp is going to play it then Obama will have no problem winning this election .
John McCain has stopped talking about the issues , which leaves Obama wide open to frame the debate .
The McCain people seem content to put out ads that are full of half truths about Obama , and while this strategy may have worked against Al Gore and John Kerry , it wo n’t work against Barack Obama .
Obama Response to McCain Ad
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
No blanket immunity deal was offered to Blackwater guards for their statements regarding a shootout in Iraq last month that left 17 Iraqi civilians dead , two senior State Department officials told CNN Tuesday .
However , some kind of limited immunity was apparently offered by State Department investigators when they questioned the Blackwater personnel apparently involved in the shootings , the officials said .
CNN previously reported the guards were promised their statements would not be used against them in a criminal prosecution as long as the statements were true .
ABC News reported that it had obtained the text of the deal , which showed the guards were given " use immunity " in exchange for detailing what happened during the incident on September 16 .
State Department spokesman Sean McCormack said Tuesday that while he could not talk about the specifics of the Blackwater case , the kind of immunity being reported in the media were limited protections .
" The Department of State can not immunize an individual from federal criminal prosecution , " he told reporters in the daily briefing , repeating the phrase several times .
He also said that those limited protections " would not preclude a successful criminal prosecution , " and suggested that the State Department would not have asked the Justice Department and FBI to become involved " in a case that they could not potentially successfully prosecute . "
One of the senior State Department officials , who spoke on condition of anonymity because of a lack of authorization to speak on the matter , said the department 's Diplomatic Security branch does not have the right or ability to offer blanket immunity and did not do anything that would inhibit prosecutors if charges are to be pursued .
" We want to see anyone who violated laws or broke rules held accountable , " the official said .
" Nothing that was done prevents anyone from being prosecuted if they broke the law .
" It 's a gross distortion of understanding of the situation to say that anyone at State attempted to shield any of these individuals , " the official added .
One of the officials said the investigators were acting under authority of case law that allows government employees to make statements that will then not be used against them in criminal proceedings .
Monday , McCormack said whatever arrangements were made were not sanctioned by the senior management of the State Department .
Another spokesman said the working - level Diplomatic Security officials in Iraq followed orders and their actions would need to have been cleared by Washington .
The decision on whether to prosecute the guards involved in the shooting is in the hands of the Justice Department now because the FBI has taken over the investigation .
Watch to see whether Blackwater is off the hook »
McCormack said he is not aware of any requirement that the State Department consult with the Justice Department before offering limited immunity to anyone .
Spokespeople for the Justice Department and the FBI declined to comment , as did Blackwater .
Monday , the officials speaking on the matter said that even if some kind of limited immunity deal were made , it would not mean that charges would never be brought against those involved in the shooting .
North Carolina - based contractor Blackwater USA says its guards came under fire while protecting a State Department convoy and acted properly in self - defense , but Iraqi authorities have called the killings " premeditated murder . "
The prospect of immunity had elicited angry reactions from Democrats .
Sen . Patrick Leahy , D - Vermont , the chairman of the Senate Judiciary Committee , earlier on Tuesday accused the Bush " amnesty administration " of letting its allies , including security contractors in Iraq , shirk responsibility for their actions .
" In this administration , accountability goes by the boards , " Leahy said .
" That seems to be a central tenet in the Bush administration -- that no one from their team should be held accountable , if accountability can be avoided .
Meanwhile , Iraq 's parliament is considering a draft bill that would require security companies operating in the country to obey Iraqi laws with no immunity , Iraqi government spokesman Ali al - Dabbagh said Tuesday .
" All security companies operating in Iraq , those affiliated with them and non-Iraqi parties they have a contract with , are subject to Iraqi civil and penal laws , " al - Dabbagh said .
" There will be no immunity . "
The draft bill would also subject security companies to Iraqi laws concerning visas , residency , taxes and customs , al - Dabbagh explained .
The law apparently would not be retroactive , but would address only violations that occur after its passage .
Until then , private contractors in Iraq apparently are still governed by the Coalition Provisional Authority 's code for Iraq , set up in the early days of the U.S. occupation .
The code stated that all non-Iraqi entities working in the country were subject to the jurisdiction of their sending countries and " immune from Iraqi legal process . "
The U.S. House of Representatives approved a measure last month that would punish contractors working in a war zone if they committed an act that would be considered a crime under U.S. law .
The Senate is considering its own version of the Military Extraterritorial Jurisdiction Act. E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Elise Labott contributed to this report .
All About Blackwater USA
ArsDigita University Curriculum
About the Curriculum
The curriculum was modeled on the undergraduate CS program at MIT .
Several of the courses were straightforward adoptions of MIT courses .
A few were specifically designed for the program , which was roughly in line with the ACM 's 2001 Model Curricula for Computing .
The process of accreditation ( ACM or CSAB / ABET ) would have been pursued if the program had continued .
Courses
Math for Computer Science - Tara Holm
Structure and Interpretation of Computer Programs - Holly Yanco
Discrete Math - Shai Simonson
How Computers Work - Gill Pratt
Object - oriented Program Design - David Goddeau
Algorithms - Shai Simonson
Systems - Luis Rodriguez
Web Applications - Philip Greenspun
Theory of Computation - Shai Simonson
Artificial Intelligence - Patrick Winston
Unix Workshop
Database Management Systems - Ravi Jasuja
Applied Probability - Tina Kapur
Course of study
The course of study at ArsDigita University was sequential , with most courses lasting one month , and was comprised exclusively of computer science and related mathematics .
The program ran from September 2000 through mid-July 2001 .
The wounded were evacuated in Chinook helicopters
The Ministry of Defence is trying to find out why an Army helicopter accidentally fired on UK paratroops in southern Afghanistan , wounding nine .
The Apache attack helicopter was called in by ground troops battling with Taleban fighters in Helmand province .
In a second attack , a British position was mistaken for the enemy and three soldiers were seriously hurt .
The incident is the first case of " friendly fire " by British air support on its own forces in Afghanistan .
Six of the wounded have returned to duty .
Two are stable in a field hospital .
One man was flown back to the UK for treatment .
I would rather have an effective air cover and run the relatively small risk of being injured by my own support than be injured by the Taleban
General Sir Jack Deverell
Factfile : AH - 64 Apache
The soldiers from the 2nd Battalion of the Parachute Regiment - 2 Para - were on a routine foot patrol near the British forward operating base Gibraltar in the Helmand River Valley when they encountered Taleban fighters .
They called in air support from the Army 's Apache helicopter , which successfully fired on a Taleban position .
But then in the confusion of what the MoD termed a " rapidly - changing situation " , it fired again on another position , which the crew believed was held by the enemy .
An investigation is now under way into the incident .
There was no public statement from 2 Para 's headquarters in Colchester .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The BBC's Alastair Leithead in Kabul said air support had a difficult job when Taleban positions were possibly less than 100 metres away from British troops .
He said the tree - lined terrain with high compound walls and deep irrigation ditches presented further difficulties .
Retired General Sir Jack
Deverell said soldiers were aware of the risk of " friendly fire " from air support .
But he added : " If I was a soldier out there I would rather have an effective air cover and run the relatively small risk of being injured by my own support than be injured by the Taleban .
The threat from the Taleban is far greater . "
He said he would be concerned if an attempt to increase safety checks made the system more bureaucratic .
" It could end up with more soldiers being killed because suppression fire is not close enough to protect them . "
Charles Heyman , director of defence suppliers Armed Forces , said there was technology to differentiate between friend and foe .
Forward operating base Gibraltar is in the Musa Qala region However , he said : " It is possible that the Taleban and the British soldiers were very , very close together .
" When you 've got eyeball to eyeball , the technology is not going to help you as much as you hoped . "
The incident is the first reported occurrence in Afghanistan of " friendly fire " involving only UK troops , although allied forces have previously hit each other 's troops during the conflict .
In August last year , three soldiers from 1st Battalion The Royal Anglian Regiment were killed when US fighter planes dropped a 500 lb ( 225 kg ) bomb on them .
In December 2006 , marine Jonathan Wigley died in an apparent attack by the US in Helmand province .
In April 2002 , an American F - 16 fighter jet dropped a laser - guided 500 lb ( 225kg ) bomb near Kandahar , accidentally killing four Canadian soldiers and injuring eight others .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Turnout during the Irish vote was being watched intently across Europe People in the Republic of Ireland have voted in a referendum on whether to ratify the EU reform treaty .
The BBC's Jonny Dymond in Dublin says all eyes are on the turnout , as a low figure would suggest a rejection which could plunge the EU into crisis .
Some reports suggest Thursday 's voter turnout was about 40 % .
Results are expected later on Friday .
All 27 member states have to ratify the treaty for it to take effect , but only Ireland has held a public vote on it .
The treaty is aimed at streamlining decision - making in the EU to cope with its expansion into Eastern Europe and would reduce countries ' veto powers .
The Lisbon Treaty replaces a more ambitious draft constitution that was rejected by French and Dutch voters in 2005 .
Turnout key Opinion polls suggesting the referendum 's result is too close to call , despite a high - profile " Yes " campaign led by Prime Minister Brian Cowen which had the support of most of the country 's main parties .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Any turnout higher than 40 % will bring a smile to the Yes campaign , our correspondent says .
The treaty provides for a streamlining of the European Commission , the removal of the national veto in more policy areas , a new president of the European Council and a strengthened foreign affairs post .
Fourteen countries have completed ratification so far .
Irish polls closed at 2200 ( 2100 GMT ) and counting starts on Friday morning , with the result expected soon after 1530 ( 1430 GMT ) .
RTE reported turnout was " brisk " in Kilkenny and Wicklow , but in many other areas , including Cork , Meath and Louth , it was slow .
Voting
No because you do n't know ... is an idea that seems a long way from the dispassionate debates in Brussels
Jonny Dymond
BBC correspondent , Dublin
When worlds collide Referendum in pictures Just over three million Irish voters are registered - in a European Union of 490 million people .
In 2001 , Irish voters almost wrecked EU plans to expand eastwards when they rejected the Nice treaty .
It was only passed in a much - criticised second vote .
This time the No campaign is a broad coalition ranging from lobby group Libertas to Sinn Fein , the only party in parliament to oppose the treaty .
Prime Minister Brian Cowen accused the No camp of " misrepresentation " , saying voters had voiced concern about " issues that clearly were n't in the treaty at all " , the Irish Times reported .
Declan Ganley of the anti-treaty group Libertas said he hoped a
No vote would send " a clear message to Brussels " about democracy .
" The voice of the Irish people is not to be questioned , " he added .
Jose Manuel Barroso , President of the European Commission , urged all EU states to back the treaty , which is due to come into force on 1 January 2009 .
He said the reforms would strengthen the EU to meet global challenges .
French Prime Minister Francois Fillon said a
No vote in Ireland would spell the end of the treaty .
Have Your Say : How important is the Irish vote for the EU 's future ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Tetris : awesome .
Human Tetris : awesomer .
Italian chicks in bikinis Tetris : PEW .
PEW PEW PEW !
NOTE : Might be considered NSFW depending on how your employer feels about sexy Italian buttocks .
Youtube ( search human tetris for a ton more )
Thanks Ross , want to go to Italy ?
Also , thanks to Bryan , king of the pew pew pew .
Monday
EVERY nation needs a national myth , and Britain might seem to need more than most .
A modern myth has it as a country full of overworked wage - slaves .
Newspapers write of a “ long - hours culture ” , and point out that the British working week is significantly longer than the European average .
Yet walking through the afternoon streets of St James , on my way back from Friday lunch , it is hard to see much evidence of that .
A legion of investment bankers and private - equity types crowd the streets , as indistinguishable from one to the next , in their open - necked shirts and luxuriantly coifed hair , as their predecessors were in their umbrellas and bowler hats .
They are the overspill from London 's pubs , which have been filling up since midday .
Now it seems as if half the city is outside , pint - glass in one hand and cigarette in the other , chatting up a co-worker or arguing about football .
London must be the only city in the world where the journalists work harder than the bankers .
hemis.fr
A perennial scene .
Mind the spillout
Pubs are Britain 's national pastime .
Three - quarters of the population indulge and a third consider themselves regulars , far higher proportions than are claimed by any of the country 's religions — football included .
And they are unique to the British Isles .
The Germans have beer - halls , the French have cafes and most other societies have bars , but only in Britain and Ireland can you find pubs .
There are procedural differences ( there is no table service at pubs , something that causes endless confusion for tourists ) as well as different pastimes once you arrive ( it is hard to imagine sophisticates in a Parisian bar playing darts or Scrabble ) .
But what really sets a public house apart from its foreign counterparts is the conceit that it is not a place of business , but a part of a person 's home that is open to anyone .
In 1946 , George Orwell , perhaps the 20th century 's best chronicler of English culture , wrote an essay describing the ideal pub , which he named the Moon Under Water , and the qualities that made it special .
Many of these remain recognisable to modern readers : the architecture , he said , was uncompromisingly Victorian , infused with the “ comfortable ugliness ” of the 19th century .
It was busy , but not noisy , with a merry atmosphere but not a drunken one .
There was a fireplace for the winter and a beer garden for the summer ; the barmaids were friendly and most of the clientele were regulars .
Not everything would be so familiar , were Orwell to visit a pub today .
There was no dinner served at the Moon Under Water .
Today , virtually every pub in the land advertises “ traditional pub food ” , and an evening trip to the pub for a meal has become a classic family evening out — a “ tradition ” no more than a decade or two old .
The Moon was unusual in that it offered draught stout ; if there is a pub in Britain today that does n't serve Guinness , I have never found it .
Orwell reserved a snooty disdain for glasses without handles , preferring to drink his beer from pewter mugs .
One can only imagine his reaction to the plastic cups that are becoming common in town - centre pubs now .
Still , most modern pubs try to replicate Orwell 's formula , knowingly or not , some more successfully than others .
One example of what not to do can be found at my local , a mid-sized pub which shall remain nameless , in a nondescript part of north London .
It is owned by J.D. Wetherspoon , a large firm that has built its success on following Orwell 's criteria ( one of its flagship pubs is even called the Moon Under Water , though Orwell 's essay reveals that the pub it describes did not actually exist ) .
First impressions are good .
The dark , wood - panelled walls look suitably Victorian , and there is a nice mix of tables and booths .
A pair of high - backed red leather armchairs , seemingly salvaged from the Reform club from the time of Queen Victoria 's Diamond Jubilee , occupy pride of place in front of the fire .
The walls in one corner are covered with bookshelves , suggesting the kind of place where one can while away a few hours reading quietly .
As soon as you sit down , those good impressions start to go sour .
The tables are sticky with half - dried beer .
There is a wide range of beers to choose from , but often it tastes as if the pipes have not been cleaned for weeks .
The food is cheap because it comes pre-made in plastic sachets and is reheated in a microwave — that is , assuming the overworked staff can remember your order .
Until smoking was banned from pubs in 2007 , the front half of this Wetherspoonerism stank of cigarettes while the back half was suffused with a smell from the toilets .
After three disappointing trips I swore never to return , a promise that I break now only in the interests of journalistic inquiry .
Sadly , the tables are as sticky as ever and , while the cigarette smoke has gone , that has only allowed the toilets ' odour to pervade the entire place .
Tuesday
OFF to St Albans , a mid-sized town in Hertfordshire .
In the morning my girlfriend and I visit a nearby zoo .
Once back in town , an unspoken understanding guides us toward St Albans Cathedral .
On the edge of the grounds , next to a large park , stands Ye Olde Fighting Cocks .
Never mind the cutesy name ; according to the Guinness Book of Records , this is England 's oldest pub ( though at least three other pubs claim that title ) .
Parts of the structure date from the 11th century , and the foundations are thought to be 200 years older still .
A sign at the door informs visitors that it hosted Oliver Cromwell for a night during the English Civil War .
Believe it or not , I am not here in search of journalistic colour — my girlfriend is lucky enough to have it as her local .
The interior is cool and dark .
Heavy wooden beams support a low ceiling , and the main bar is dominated by a massive fireplace ( complete with an original bread - oven ) .
I order a pint of Jack O'Legs , a locally brewed beer named after a Hertfordshire folk - hero who is a southern version of Robin Hood — a master archer who robbed from the rich to give to the poor .
Tring Brewery Company
Such small breweries are enjoying a revival , thanks largely to the Campaign for Real Ale , the largest single - issue consumer group in the country .
Ale is the traditional folk drink of the British , and still has a lingering association with robust yeomen and rural wholesomeness .
After an afternoon spent walking , it is easy to see why .
There are few things more pleasant than a cool pint on a warm summer day .
( Real ale is kept cool in cellars , not served warm , as foreigners tend to think ; but neither is it artificially chilled , like lager . )
This sort of contentment is the more pleasant side of Britain 's decidedly two - faced relationship with alcohol , which was best depicted by William Hogarth , an 18th - century artist and satirist .
Today Hogarth is remembered mostly for “ Gin Lane ” , a vision of an alcoholic hell .
Drawn at the height of the “ gin craze ” , the print depicts the demon drink 's effects on society — suicide , madness and , most memorably , a sozzled prostitute dropping her baby to its death .
But with a modern panic about booze in full swing , few people remember that the picture is one of a pair .
Its counterpart , “ Beer Street ” , depicts a new Jerusalem , full of jolly , prosperous smallholders enjoying a well - earned pint of “ small ” ( ie , weak ) beer at the end of a hard day 's work .
“ Beer , happy produce of our Isle / Labour and Art upheld by Thee / Genius of Health , thy grateful Taste / Can sinewy Strength impart , ” runs the patriotic ditty that accompanies the picture .
An afternoon at the Fighting Cocks feels much more Beer Street than Gin Lane .
Later that night , in St Albans ' town centre , the dark side begins to emerge .
Families and stallholders disappear , replaced by groups of young drinkers ( and the occasional bunch of middle - aged ones , too ) .
By 9 pm the atmosphere is pleasantly boisterous ; but two hours later , now that darkness has fallen , the currents of aggression that ran just beneath the surface have become more pronounced .
Most people are only out for a good time , but the number of fights , screaming , tears and paralytic drunks lying in doorways , as well as the amount of vomit on the pavements , rises steadily as the night wears on .
Almost every town in Britain is like this on the weekend .
Perhaps counterintuitively , things tend to be worse in smaller towns .
My girlfriend used to live in the centre of Godalming , a wealthy town in the heart of Surrey 's stockbroker belt .
But her flat was right above the high street , and on Fridays and Saturdays sleep was impossible before 3 am .
One morning we awoke to a fireman at the front door , telling us that her car had been turned over in the night .
Although most types of crime have fallen in the past years , violent crime has not .
The government blames the proliferation of cheap alcohol .
Earlier this week it warned pubs and nightclubs that it would legislate to ban promotions such as happy hour if the industry did n't do so itself .
It would be nice to think that we could get rid of Gin Lane and keep Beer Street , but history is n't encouraging .
Two thousand years ago , Britain 's Roman occupiers ( who founded a major settlement near St Albans ) wrote letters home complaining about the rowdy drunkenness of the natives .
Such ancient cultural practices tend to be immune to the fussing of mere governments .
Back to top >>
Wednesday
I AM standing outside the Golden Lion , a tiny pub squeezed in among the commercial buildings across the road from The Economist 's head offices .
It 's one of the smallest watering holes I 've seen : the bar takes up over half the space on the ground floor .
Only the bar at my hall of residence at Southampton University was smaller , and that was a converted bedroom that claimed the dubious distinction of being the smallest university bar in Britain .
Most of the Golden Lion 's clientele stand outside , spilling out onto the road or onto a ramp that leads to an underground car - park next door .
Outdoor drinking is not unusual for a London pub in the summer — high rents mean space is limited , and warm air and late sunsets make being outside quite pleasant .
But the habit has spread in the past year , as the government 's ban on smoking indoors in public places has taken hold .
Drinkers now huddle outside capacious country pubs as well as cramped urban ones , even in the middle of winter , taking hurried drags on their cigarettes before retreating back into the warmth .
Alamy
Not all drinkers are so hardy .
A common fantasy of oppressed British office workers is to give it all up and run a pub somewhere , but a few minutes chatting to a landlord will discourage all but the most incorrigible optimists .
They paint a gloomy picture of their industry .
Trade has fallen since the ban , they say , which is just another in a long line of iniquitous changes that are slowly driving pubs to the wall .
Statistics back them up .
The British Beer and Pub Association reckons 27 close every week , a figure that has risen sharply over the past few years .
There are many villains , including cheap supermarket promotions , the rise of nightclubs , and snazzy electronic entertainment keeping people parked on their sofas instead of a barstool , but the most striking trend is a steady decline in beer consumption .
Beer vies with tea as the iconic English beverage , but despite a revival of interest in small , independent brewers , sales have been falling for over a decade .
Beer sales in pubs are at their lowest level since the 1930s .
A nation 's drinking culture does not easily change , and so experts marshal broad social changes to explain the beer 's waning popularity , including the decline in manufacturing ( thirsty work , after all ) , more health - conscious consumers and — to my mind , the most compelling reason of all — the rise of an aspirational society .
Beer , particularly traditional ale , is still seen mostly as a workingman 's drink , favoured by solid but unfashionable men who speak with thick regional accents .
The usual contrast drawn is with wine , equated in the popular mind with svelte continental sophisticates .
Sure enough , as beer sales have fallen wine sales have surged .
Coping strategies vary .
Some pubs and brewers have tried to beat the oenophiles at their own game , and in the richer parts of town you can now find expensive and pretentious “ beer bars ” that offer hundreds of types of beer , breathlessly describing their “ nose ” and “ palate ” with all the overwrought flummery that makes professional wine - tasters sound so ridiculous .
Others have diversified into food , spawning gastropubs ( essentially restaurants with bars ) , or into televised sport ( copying American - style sports bars ) or live music .
Yet none of these innovations have halted the decline .
Being rich , diverse and the nation 's capital , London might be expected to be at the front of such trends .
Yet in bits of the city ( including the west end , where The Economist is based ) one can still find plenty of old - fashioned pubs , where food is an afterthought ( if it is even served ) , wine is a rarity , gimmicks non-existent and the focus is still on drinking and socialising .
I am aware that I 'm engaging in another great English pursuit — complaining that the country is going to the dogs — so I will try to end on a more cheerful thought .
I have no way to back this up with anything other than personal experience and anecdotes from friends , but it seems that , while they have been declining at home , British and Irish pubs have sprung up in capital cities all over the world .
It would be nice to see pubs exported as a concept , offering a homey , relaxed alternative to the more stylish , high - pressure environment of a bar or nightclub .
Drinkers can stand in the gentle evening light with a pint - glass in hand and some good friends for company .
To me , pubs seem the most significant contribution that the British have made to the cause of human happiness .
Back to top >>
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The skyrocketing price of fuel has already made it costly to fly , but now getting your luggage on board is pricier too , causing some travelers to consider sending it separately .
On Tuesday , Delta Air Lines Inc. ( DAL , Fortune 500 ) , the nation 's third - largest carrier , announced that it will double its charge for checking a second bag on domestic flights from $ 25 to $ 50 .
Most major carriers already charge $ 25 to check a second suitcase , but they could follow Delta 's lead and raise their fees as well .
Tack on charges for luggage that weighs over 50 pounds ( a hefty $ 50 to $ 90 fee ) or oversized bags ( that 's another $ 100 to $ 175 ) and you could be looking at some serious surcharges , not to mention schlepping .
That 's why flyers are starting to consider shipping their baggage instead .
Luggage - free travel
If you pack ahead of time , FedEx ( FDX , Fortune 500 ) and UPS ( UPS , Fortune 500 ) will ship your luggage to anywhere in the United States for about as much as it would cost to check it .
For example , sending a 40 - pound suitcase from New York to Disney World is about $ 50 , including insurance up to $ 500 ( which airlines certainly do n't offer ) .
But this least expensive option takes about 5 days , and would require a little planning ahead .
Three - day air and overnight are much pricier .
Remote distances will also cost more , but FedEx.com and UPS.com have rate calculators that factor in distance , weight and travel time .
In addition to possible cost savings , delivery services have other potential advantages over airlines such as delivery confirmation and insurance for lost luggage .
Despite the fact that they 've begun charging for baggage services , airlines do not offer any of these services and will not refund your money if your luggage does n't arrive with you .
But even if shipping your luggage is cheaper and more efficient than flying with it , there are some other considerations .
Before you ship , you should contact the hotel first to make sure they will accept luggage and can store it securely until your arrival , recommends Sally Davenport , a FedEx spokeswoman .
Neither UPS nor FedEx advocate sending your luggage to an international destination .
Some countries wo n't accept packages containing personal affects and others have duties and taxes that could cost you .
Plus , " there 's no telling how long it will take , " said a UPS spokeswoman .
Also , some of your items may never get off the ground .
Aerosol sprays , perfume , cologne and nail polish remover are all considered dangerous goods and can't be shipped .
Another thing to consider is that these shipping services are not designed for luggage and sticky air bills can easily get dislodged from suitcase surfaces .
Davenport recommends including an address bill inside the bag just in case the tag gets lost so your luggage can eventually be identified and returned .
If you do n't want to worry about it , there are services that will do that for you .
Houston - based Luggage Express will pick up your luggage right from your front door and a concierge will monitor it until it reaches your destination .
But all that customer service does come at a cost .
Sending a medium - sized suitcase from New York to Orlando is a little more than $ 100 each way , although using the promotion code " gasbreak " will save 15 % on deliveries before Sept. 30 .
But if you 're going to splurge , you might just consider bucking up for Business Class next time you fly .
First Class and Business customers are able to check up to three bags at no charge .
LIMA ( Reuters ) - A naked model photographed using Peru ’s flag as a saddle while mounted on a horse will face charges that could put her in jail for up to four years for offending patriotic symbols , the country ’s defence minister said on Wednesday .
The suggestive shot of Leysi Suarez , whose main job is dancing for the band Alma Bella , or Beautiful Soul , was splashed on the cover of DFarandula magazine and has caused a political uproar as Peru prepares to celebrate the 187th anniversary of its independence from Spain on Monday .
“ These are patriotic symbols that demand total respect , and using them improperly requires punishment , ” defence Minister Antero Flores told reporters .
“ This is an offence . ”
Flores has ordered a public prosecutor to take up the case and file charges .
Suarez said it was patriotic to pose for the photo .
“ I have n’t committed a crime .
I love Peru and show it with my body and soul , ” the dancer said on RPP radio .
Mario Amoretti , a well - known lawyer , said it depends in part on how Peru ’s red - and - white flag was used .
“ It ’s one thing to cover your body with the flag , but quite another thing to be naked and using it as a horse ’s saddle , ” he said .
The photos were republished on the Web site of Peru's El Comercio newspaper : here
Yes , I 've downloaded and poked around in the 1.8 GB archive ASUS insists is the source , from both the US and Taiwan sites .
It does not contain the sources in question , or at least did not when I retrieved it .
I tend to assume incompetence before malice , and I really do believe they just messed up .
( Even the asus_acpi stripping seems more like a botched search - replace job by some overworked driver author than a malicious act .
Does n't make it legit , of course . )
I realize that blogging about a GPL violation does n't fix it .
My purpose in writing this article was to document the violation ; I have neither the inclination nor the time to press a complaint or ( god forbid ) file a lawsuit !
If others want to do that in response to this post , I 'm happy to serve as an expert witness and provide the evidence I 've collected , but for now , I 'm enjoying my laptop and a cup of coffee .
I either suck at using ndiswrapper ( I freely admit this ) or it's my Airport base station causing the problems there .
More on wireless drivers in a followup post .
Proprietary Hardware Woes
The wireless works with the madwifi version that ships on the machine , but not with HEAD or 9.3.3 , and
The ACPI does not work with the Linux kernel 's asus_acpi module , but does with ASUS 's variant of it .
Proprietary Software Woes
They appear to have stripped out all attribution .
( Kernel modules contain information about the module name , version , and author .
This has been removed . )
They appear to have attempted to hide what they were doing .
( All references to " asus_acpi " have been removed , but other identifying features remain . )
They are not distributing their modified sources , or even a patch .
This product includes copyrighted third - party software licensed under the terms of the GNU General Public License .
...
ASUSTeK COMPUTER Inc. has exposed the full source code of the GPL licensed software , including any scripts to control compilation and installation the object code ...
For more information how you can obtain our open source code , visit our website ( http://support.asus.com.tw/download/).
Warranty Void If Removed
In order to keep your new Plenum Brand Vacuum Cleaner warranty in effect , you must use genuine Plenum Brand Filter Bags .
Failure to have scheduled maintenance performed , at your expense , by the Great American Maintenance Company , Inc. , voids this warranty .
While necessary maintenance or repairs on your AudioMundo Stereo System can be performed by any company , we recommend that you use only authorized AudioMundo dealers .
Improper or incorrectly performed maintenance or repair voids this warranty .
The warranty only covers failures or malfunctions occurred during the warranty period and in normal use conditions as will as for any material or workmanship defect .
The warranty will not apply if : ( a ) the product has been tampered , repaired , or modified by non-authorized personnel ; ... ( c ) the warranty seals have been broken or altered ; ...
please see my more recent post for updates .
ASUS has released the sources for some of the applications and drivers on the eee .
I can't say whether it 's complete and accurate yet , but it 's a great sign from ASUS .
This post has gotten wider circulation than I was expecting ( I rarely get readers , much less comments ! ) .
I 've been clarifying some points in the comments , but people do n't seem to be reading them before posting ( and some of the posts have been hostile in tone ) .
So : Now on to the original post :
For my birthday , I bought myself an ASUS eeePC .
Now , I 've been lusting after very - small - form - factor laptops for some time ( ever since I saw the Zaurus C series ) , and this is quite the small one .
It also ships with Linux , which ( I thought ) was a good indication that the hardware is well supported by Linux .
( Not so ; read on . ) I'm very pleased with the hardware with a few exceptions , which I 'll detail in the latter two thirds of this post .
The screen is bright and clear , the keyboard is surprisingly usable ( even with my giant hands ) , etc .
I 'm really happy with it , now that I 've bent it to my will .
Obligatory laptop porn below .
The eee on a sheet of 8.5x11 paper :
The eee next to a coffee mug :
The eee atop my 15 " MacBook Pro:
Now then .
ASUS ships the eee with a variant of Xandros Linux , which in turn is a variant of Debian .
It also ships with binary modules for much of the hardware , and some of the hardware wo n't work without 'em .
Specifically , Several folks have gotten the wifi working with ndiswrapper , but this just tells me that those folks do n't run WEP .
( I need to figure out where they live . )
I 've gotten both wifi and ACPI working in Ubuntu , but only by loading ASUS 's binary modules .
Instructions in a subsequent post , once I 'm done ranting .
Folks have posted saying they got ndiswrapper working with WPA .
They 're clearly 1337er than I am ; turning on any encryption at all would spike it to 50 % + CPU .
Lame ! )
The system is set to update itself and add packages from a repository at ASUS 's site ( specifically this one ) , where the little machine can fetch new kernels , Linux userland , KDE updates , and optional packages .
What you wo n't find on that site are sources .
ASUS is bound by the GPL to make the sources for the software they 're distributing available , even if they have not modified them .
( Check the license if you do n't believe me . )
ASUS has posted a 1.8GB ZIP file on their website that they claim is the sources , but it 's not -- it contains a few . debs ( not even the versions that ship on the machine ) and some kernel headers .
( Perhaps they figured nobody would pull 1.8 GB from their slow - as - molasses site and find out . )
Through disassembly ( I can do that , the software is GPL'd ) , it appears that ASUS has extensively modified the asus_acpi kernel module from Linux 2.6.21.4 , so that it now works with the eee 's hardware .
This would be good except thatI have not contacted the author of asus_acpi , and it 's possible that he has worked out a copyright licensing deal with ASUS -- but I was under the impression that the copyright of contributions to the Linux kernel were assigned to Linus or an agent thereof , which would not leave him with this right .
The madwifi drivers that ship on the machine are also a version never before seen in the wild , but as madwifi is dual - licensed GPL / BSD , modifying it is within ASUS 's rights .
It 's worth noting , from a legal perspective , that ASUS is also distributing BusyBox inside the system 's initramfs image .
( They do not appear , at first glance , to have stripped the attribution out of this one . )
This is interesting because someone else distributing BusyBox without complying with the GPL is currently getting themselves sued in the first US civil suit over GPL violations .
Also worth noting : this is not the first time that ASUS has stolen from the community in this way .
They were caught in 2004 stealing code from iptables / netfilter .
They 're also trying to cover their ass : they include the GPL in the box with the product , and state ... that website , for reference , is Home of the Giant Zip File I mentioned above .
Sigh .
To be fair , as commenters have pointed out , this may very well be simple negligence on ASUS 's part .
Yes , I and others have contacted ASUS about this with no response yet .
Let 's hope they just say " Whoops ! " and fix the ZIP . )
The last annoyance about the eee PC is the bright yellow " Warranty void if seal is broken or removed " sticker over the RAM upgrade slot .
Yes , you read that right : a computer manufacturer has decided that it voids your warranty to replace a DIMM .
The door in question also hides an available mini-PCI - Express slot , so needless to say , people would like to open it .
For me , until I get out of the front of the bathtub curve and verify that the hardware works with Ubuntu , that sticker stays intact .
However , since I 'm already pretending to be a lawyer in this post , allow me to discuss the Magnuson - Moss Act , what it says about tie-ins , and what exactly ASUS is doing here .
The Magnuson - Moss Act is a 1975 Federal law that lays down some rules for how consumer warranties work .
One of the specific things it prohibits are " tie-ins , " additional items or services you must buy from the manufacturer to make your warranty work .
( This is why for - pay warranties these days are euphemistically termed ' service contracts . ')
Examples of tie-ins are provided on the FTC 's site .
There 's the unacceptable tie - in : ... and the acceptable one : Specifically , it 's acceptable to void someone 's warranty if maintenance is screwed up .
( I 'm paraphrasing the FTC 's page , which was clearly paid by the word . )
Here are snippets from ASUS 's warranty : ( Yes , those typos were in the original . )
Clause ( a ) above is clearly unenforceable under Magnuson - Moss -- it 's one of the specific cases that the FTC cites as illegal .
Clause ( c ) follows as unenforceable : repairs ( even normal upgrades ) of the system cannot be performed without breaking the warranty seal .
I 'm not a lawyer , but I trust the judgment of judges ; I doubt that a warranty stating " You can get this repaired by any qualified person but they can't look at it ! " would be upheld .
This is no different .
One more note on my tie - in point : ASUS will be selling a " higher model " of the eee in the US , with more RAM and 8GB of Flash , starting at the end of this month .
Someone will open this model up and post pictures .
If the model is simply the original with a different DIMM and , say , a PCIe SSD dropped in , then what ASUS is saying is " These socketed , consumer - upgradeable parts will void your warranty if you touch them -- but if you pay us another $ 150 we 'll change them for you . "
That 's a bit more blatant than what I 'd cited above .
Labels : eee , gpl , warrantyvoid
A palm oil nursery is pictured at Kasongan regency in Indonesia 's Central Kalimantan province in this file photo from October 1 , 2007 .
Ethiopia said on Monday it planned to produce biofuels to cut high oil import bills , but says the strategy wo n't hit food production .
REUTERS / Hardi Baktiantoro
ADDIS ABABA ( Reuters ) - Ethiopia said on Monday it planned to produce biofuels to cut high oil import bills , but dismissed fears the strategy could hit food production in a country suffering a severe drought .
Some 4.5 million Ethiopians need emergency food aid due to failed rains and high food prices , reviving grim memories of the country ’s 1984 - 1985 famine , which killed more than 1 million .
But the government also faces an annual fuel bill of up to $ 900 million , and aims to reduce that over time using biofuels .
“ There is no shortage of agriculture land in Ethiopia for food production , ” Melis Teka , coordinator of biofuel development in the Ministry of Mines and Energy , told Reuters .
“ We have up to 23 million hectares which could be developed both for crops and biofuel .
Biofuel plants are being developed on arid and barren land not suitable for food production . ”
The government says it could make one billion liters of ethanol a year from four state - run sugar estates , and has also issued 37 licences to private investors to set up biofuels plants .
The country also plans to produce biofuels from jatropha , castor beans and oil palm plantations .
“ As the country accelerates its economic development , the demand for petroleum is anticipated to increase , ” Melis said .
“ The development of biofuel is expected to be an alternative source of energy to meet the anticipated demand . ”
( Reporting by Tsegaye Tadesse ; Editing by Daniel Wallis )
Purple Labs , a company based in France with a multinational management team , is pushing Linux mobile phones outward in capabilities and downward in price .
Positioned as “ the only independent software vendor with a complete Linux solution for mass - market 3G phones ” , Purple Labs pushes its customers to “ replace their legacy RTOS with a flexible and scalable Linux platform , accelerating development of feature - rich 3G phones while reducing investment ” .
The latest of these is Purple Magic , which Purple Labs calls a “ reference design ” for “ the 1st sub - $ 100 3G Linux feature phone ” .
Features include music playback , Internet browsing , video telephony and video streaming , in addition to plain - old cell phone service .
And , as you can see from the picture , it does n't look bad , either .
http://www.purplelabs.com/
A New Name for SLAC
The U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) has asked the Stanford Linear Accelerator Center to work with them in renaming SLAC .
SLAC Director Persis Drell has been informing employees of the coming change during her recent meetings with laboratory work groups .
Discussing the proposed name change , Persis said , “ SLAC has a long , illustrious history and the name evokes that history .
However , our stakeholders have suggested that the name is also no longer fully representative of the laboratory with its increased involvement in photon science and particle astrophysics in addition to our particle physics program . ”
She emphasizes that changing the name of the laboratory in no way diminishes the historical achievements of which the SLAC community is proud .
Rather , she says , this as an opportunity to create a new name that better reflects the broader laboratory SLAC is evolving into .
SLAC is not the first national laboratory to change its name .
Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory , Thomas Jefferson National Accelerator Facility and Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory were all born under different names .
Despite name changes , those laboratories have successfully established a continuity of excellence and reputation .
Over the past several years and largely because of the increased possibility of different contractors operating DOE - owned National Laboratories due to contract competitions , the Department of Energy has asserted the right of ownership in the name of all its National Laboratories , including “ Stanford Linear Accelerator Center . ”
In accordance with this practice , DOE has been filing formal registration papers with the United States Patent and Trademark Office as one means of manifesting that right of ownership in the name of its National Laboratories .
In the case of the Department ’s filing with respect to SLAC , Stanford University has expressed its objection to the DOE formally asserting a property right in any name that includes the word “ Stanford ” or any variation thereof .
The DOE is willing to look for a name that does n’t include “ Stanford , ” since the DOE 's paramount interest is to choose a name that will reflect the new nature of the laboratory .
Removing the word Stanford does not indicate any change in the relationship between the laboratory and the University .
Persis noted that Stanford University President John Hennessy explicitly mentioned a strengthening of ties between Stanford and SLAC when he introduced Under Secretary of Energy Ray Orbach during a speech at SLAC recently .
To help with the process of developing a list of suggested names , Persis has asked a committee of representatives from around the lab to come up with a set of possibilities to put forward to the DOE and Stanford for consideration .
The decision on the name of the new laboratory rests with the DOE .
The committee members are Kelly Gaffney ( PULSE ) , David Harris ( Communications ) , Britt Hedman ( SSRL ) , Carmella Huser ( Human Resources ) , Shamit Kachru ( PPA ) and Rafe Schindler ( PPA ) .
Persis asks that members of the SLAC community share their comments and suggestions of names with the committee by submitting them through the form at the following link .
 David Harris , SLAC Today , July 8 , 2008
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
: D
WANTIN MOAR ? visit tommilsom.com ! archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 16:59 ,
that raised a big ol ' smile
woo ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 16:59 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 16:59 ,
i'm a scat man !
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 16:59 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 16:59 ,
ahahaha .
* markets * ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 16:59 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 16:59 ,
bee bap bap badda bo
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:00 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:00 ,
Hahahahahaha
archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:00 ,
Ah ha ha ha ha ha ha .
DOOWOP ! ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:00 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:00 ,
starring scatman john presumably ?
nice ! ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:00 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:00 ,
Scab -dabba - dabba-
weeeee - baba - badda - bom ... ba-badda - bom , weeeeee - baba - badda - bom ... ba - ba - baba ...
etc. ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:03 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:03 ,
I 'm glad you 're living up to your name .
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:03 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:03 ,
Yes , and you .
Singing as you are in six - part harmony .
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:05 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:05 ,
oooh :D
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:06 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:06 ,
boo bap bap a skidlle ba-wappanow
a do do ski wa skibop a lu la yeah ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:06 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:06 ,
www.youtube.com/watch?v=mpHLEm9-0bg archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:08 ,
Zombie rap !
How decomposed would he be after almost 9 years ?
( , Wed 30 Jul 2008 , 16:53 , archived ) ( , Wed 30 Jul 2008 , 16:53 ,
pfffft
I give that a thumbs up
the bottom ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:00 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:00 ,
Thumbs Laird Dave up
the bottom ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:09 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:09 ,
aces
* clicks * ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:01 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:01 ,
oh hexy !
( : ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:01 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:01 ,
i like this :)
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:02 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:02 ,
* slaps forehead *
Hahhaha
: D ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:02 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:02 ,
ha de do de doop ha de ha
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:06 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:06 ,
hah !
took me about exactly 8 seconds ! :D ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:06 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:06 ,
hahaha !~
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:07 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:07 ,
You silly dollop :)
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:07 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:07 ,
Oh , have n't seen your drawings for a while .
:] ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:07 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:07 ,
That 's cos I was in FRANCE , MOTHERFUCKER ! :D
It was lovely there .
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:10 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:10 ,
AHhahahah
archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:10 ,
I like the one affixed to his ankle .
Ankleturdum . ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:10 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:10 ,
The one on his hat is my favourite .
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:11 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:11 ,
Scatter like a mad scat hatter !
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:14 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:14 ,
hahaha , the mad scatter
and the march hair .
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:20 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:20 ,
Saddam ?
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:16 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:16 ,
This is very good , but their mouths are hamburgers .
Woo anyway .
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:10 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:10 ,
You know ...
you 're right .
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:14 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:14 ,
HAHAHAHA !
ace :) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:10 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:10 ,
Hahaha :D
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:10 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:10 ,
Scatmn Crothers would be proud !
( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:12 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:12 ,
Hahahaha
: D archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 17:44 ,
Snort !
You silly you ! :D ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 18:04 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 18:04 ,
I 'm choosing to believe that that is ME over your shoulder .
Yes I am . ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 22:49 , archived ) ( , Tue 29 Jul 2008 , 22:49 ,
wun
der ful ne ss ! :D ( , Wed 30 Jul 2008 , 2:20 , archived ) ( , Wed 30 Jul 2008 , 2:20 ,
yaay
lols ( , Wed 30 Jul 2008 , 12:10 , archived ) ( , Wed 30 Jul 2008 , 12:10 ,
OMFG !!!!
I 'd never noticed that scat and scat are very , very nearly the same word .
You are a genius .
( , Wed 30 Jul 2008 , 14:32 , archived ) ( , Wed 30 Jul 2008 , 14:32 ,
Pfft
This must exist .
( , Wed 30 Jul 2008 , 14:42 , archived ) ( , Wed 30 Jul 2008 , 14:42 ,
haha
great ( , Wed 30 Jul 2008 , 15:20 , archived ) ( , Wed 30 Jul 2008 , 15:20 ,
Winnnnnnnn !
^ What that says !! :)
( , Thu 31 Jul 2008 , 1:03 , archived ) ( , Thu 31 Jul 2008 , 1:03 ,
Il love it .
I love you .
( , Thu 31 Jul 2008 , 17:00 , archived ) ( , Thu 31 Jul 2008 , 17:00 ,
It was a spectacular flop : a president making dozens of fruitless trips around the country to build support for a plan his own party ’s leadership refused to accept .
But President Bush ’s failed push to privatize Social Security has not deterred John McCain from putting forward the same idea -- and from risking a similar political disaster .
McCain , the presumed Republican presidential nominee , spoke several times last week about changing how the popular retirement program is funded , at one point calling it a “ disgrace ” that younger workers are forced to pay for a plan that , in his view , is unlikely to benefit them when they retire .
Democrats are gearing up to turn McCain ’s stand on Social Security , and his willingness to consider a privatization plan , into a key campaign issue .
They say changing the program in that way would undermine retirees ’ benefits , and they hope to use the issue to harm the Arizona senator ’s support among a set of voters who tilt toward him -- seniors .
Advertisement
On Tuesday , a coalition of Democratic strategists , labor unions and liberal activist groups that helped defeat Bush ’s efforts in 2005 plans to launch a similar campaign .
They intend to target McCain and dozens of GOP congressional candidates who have supported proposals to allow workers to divert some of their payroll taxes out of the Social Security system and into private investment accounts .
The groups , coordinating with the Democratic National Committee and strategists for the party ’s presumed presidential nominee , Illinois Sen.
Barack Obama , will focus on organizing seniors -- a key voting bloc in Florida and several other battleground states and one that has been courted heavily by McCain .
“ McCain ought to realize that Bush got burned terribly on this , and nothing ’s changed , ” said Edward F. Coyle , executive director of one group , Alliance for Retired Americans .
This week , the coalition -- which began laying its plans Friday in a conference call arranged by the DNC -- will start demonstrating at McCain ’s events and offices , particularly in key states with many seniors .
The group has ordered thousands of signs with “ Hands Off My Social Security ” on one side and “ My Social Security Is Not a Disgrace ” on the other .
Advertisement
Although the party can work with outside groups on grass - roots organizing , campaign laws prohibit those groups from coordinating with the party on paid advertising .
Some organization officials said Sunday that they anticipated acting on their own to pour money into TV and radio spots targeting McCain and other Republicans on the issue .
“ This could well be McCain ’s Achilles ’ heel with regard to large numbers of people who are already Social Security retirees and the baby boomer generation , which is getting ready to retire , ” said Charles M. Loveless , legislation director for the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees , which helped fund the 2005 effort and expects to spend millions this year .
McCain ’s remarks on Social Security came during a week that showcased his ideas for the economy .
When asked by a young woman at a Denver town hall meeting last Monday how to make Social Security viable for her generation , he said she could not rely on the system “ unless we fix it . ”
“ We are paying present - day retirees with the taxes paid by young workers in America today , ” he said .
“ And that ’s a disgrace .
It ’s an absolute disgrace , and it ’s got to be fixed . ”
Advertisement
His comments seemed to suggest that McCain favored a new funding mechanism for Social Security benefits , such as private accounts .
Later , on CNN , McCain seemed to fully embrace the idea of private accounts .
“ I want young workers to be able to , if they choose , to take part of their own money , which is their taxes , and put it in an account which has their name on it , ” he said .
Participation would be a “ voluntary thing , ” he said , and “ would not affect any present - day retirees or the system as necessary . ”
The remarks drew fire from Democrats , who accused McCain of failing to understand a system that since its creation in the 1930s has relied on payroll taxes from current workers to fund benefits for current retirees .
Some supporters of this system say that allowing younger workers to divert money into private accounts would reduce the tax money needed to provide benefits for older workers once they retired .
Considering that McCain has been trying to demonstrate his understanding of Americans ’ economic woes , his timing was odd -- endorsing a new reliance on the stock market in the same week that the Dow Jones industrial average dipped to its lowest point in two years .
His aides said Democrats were misrepresenting his statements ; his only plan for fixing Social Security , they said , is forging a bipartisan compromise that considers all options .
Advertisement
Still , McCain did not back down , saying later in the week that “ it ’s terrible to ask people to pay into a system that they wo n’t receive benefits from . ”
At issue is how to shore up the finances of the Social Security system , which will come under pressure as more than 70 million baby boomers -- the generation born between 1946 and 1964 -- enter retirement and receive their benefits .
A government report in March painted a gloomy picture of the program ’s future , estimating that its costs will surpass payroll tax revenue in 2017 -- forcing the system to rely on a trust fund that , the report said , will go broke in 2041 .
After that , workers ’ payroll taxes would cover only a fraction of the benefits promised to retirees .
Advertisement
Most experts agree that fixing the system will require benefit reductions , tax increases , a rise in the retirement age , or some combination of the three .
Obama , who opposes private accounts , has proposed raising taxes on people who earn more than $ 250,000 a year .
Workers and their employers now split a 12.4 % payroll tax on earnings up to $ 102,000 .
Obama ’s plan would lift that cap , creating what he calls a “ doughnut hole ” to protect people who make less than $ 250,000 from having their payroll taxes go up .
Critics say Obama ’s plan alone would not cover the shortfall .
McCain ’s position has been somewhat fuzzy .
In 2005 , he traveled with Bush to promote the administration ’s overhaul plan , including the controversial private accounts .
In one appearance , he tried to mollify AARP , the powerful seniors ’ lobby that opposed such accounts , pleading for the group to “ come to the table with us . ”
At the time , GOP strategists viewed the plan as a way to woo a savvy and growing “ investor class ” of voters , even if it cost the party some seniors ’ support .
Advertisement
But now his campaign website says McCain supports “ supplementing ” the current Social Security system with private accounts -- suggesting that he may not now support letting workers divert their taxes in a way that would reduce revenue for the system .
“ It is n’t very coherent right now , what he ’s saying , ” said Michael Tanner , a Social Security analyst at the libertarian Cato Institute and a leading proponent of private accounts .
McCain and his aides say the lack of specificity is intentional -- the result of lessons from 2005 , when Bush tried to sell a skeptical public on private accounts .
“ There ’s a really careful recognition of the history , ” said Douglas Holtz - Eakin , McCain ’s economic advisor .
Advertisement
“ The history on Social Security has been if you put out specific proposals or preconditions , you polarize the debate and the deal does n’t get done . ”
Democrats said they intended to paint McCain as an enemy of Social Security .
Several strategists interviewed Sunday were vague about their plans , saying that the organization was still being put together .
Loveless , of the public workers ’ union , said his group would probably invest at least $ 2 million in the campaign and would focus its grass - roots mobilization efforts in Florida because of its large number of retirees .
Advertisement
Another labor - backed group , Americans United for Change , is planning a protest in the retiree hub of Las Vegas and may pay for recorded phone calls targeting senior voters in battleground states .
The Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee plans to weigh in as well , having compiled target lists of incumbent Republicans who backed Bush ’s privatization plan .
Organizers said they would try to target McCain as much as possible , even staging a protest outside his vacation home in Sedona , Ariz .
--
peter.wallsten@latimes.com
The Hellboy sequel was directed by Guillermo del Toro
Hellboy II : The Golden Army has become the latest superhero movie to top the North American box office chart .
The movie , which sees the return of actor Ron Perlman as the red - skinned hero , took $ 35.9 m ( £ 18.1 m ) on its opening weekend .
It nudged fellow superhero film Hancock into second place with $ 33 m ( £ 16.6 m ) .
Opening at number three with $ 20.6 m ( £ 10.4 m ) was 3D adventure Journey to the Center of the Earth - the latest adaptation of Jules Verne 's novel .
Mexican - born director Guillermo del Toro returned to direct the Hellboy sequel .
US / CANADA TOP FIVE FILMS 1 Hellboy II : The Golden Army - $ 35.9 m 2 Hancock - $ 33 m 3 Journey to the Center of the Earth - $ 20.6 m 4 Wall - E - $ 18.5 m 5 Wanted - $ 11.6 m Source : Media By Numbers
The original Hellboy movie also topped the North American box office in 2004 and went on to enjoy strong DVD sales .
Paul Dergarabedian , president of box office analysts Media By Numbers , said del Toro 's acclaimed fantasy Pan's Labyrinth - which won three Oscars and three Baftas in 2007 - had " made a big impression on a lot of people " .
" If they were n't fans of Guillermo del Toro before , they certainly are now , " he added .
Disney animation Wall - E , the tale of a trash - compacting robot with a heart of gold , fell from number two to number four .
Wanted , starring James McAvoy and Angelina Jolie as members of a fraternity of assassins , fell from number three to number five .
Eddie Murphy 's Meet Dave - a comedy about mini aliens operating a human - took just $ 5.3 m ( £ 2.7 m ) to make its debut in seventh place on its opening weekend .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Several specimens of a rare amphibian have been found in West Bengal , India .
The creatures , known as caecilians , were found on the Makaibari Tea Estate , where the owners have since been looking after them .
The Economics of Anarchy A Study of the Industrial Type ( 1890 )
by Dyer D. Lum ( 1839 - 1893 )
The information superhighway that is the internet has been an equal opportunity route .
A local shop 's web page is n't shunted into the slow lane while Mega Corporation 's blows by in the express .
Each is entitled to use the same path at the same speed .
Federal legislation is needed to ensure internet providers , primarily phone and cable companies , do n't undermine that equality .
There is a danger that internet providers will charge extra for faster transmission of websites or services , leaving those unwilling or unable to pay to lag behind .
There also is a danger that providers might block sites or services because of content .
Internet providers say they would never do such things .
They say that even if one company did , competition would ensure " net neutrality , " as the wonkish call it .
These assurances are nowhere near enough of a firewall against net discrimination .
Competition is n't robust enough in many places to guarantee protection .
And providers already have tried to treat some net users differently .
Last year an Associated Press investigation confirmed that Comcast was hindering file sharing by some subscribers .
Also last year Verizon blocked text messages sent by an abortion rights group until a public outcry forced the telecom to reverse position .
And three years ago the Federal Communications Commission fined a rural telephone company for blocking its DSL customers from making phone calls over the internet .
Equal access is vital .
It has been a key ingredient in the web 's fostering of creativity and technological and economic growth .
Unfortunately , the FCC has failed to aggressively counter threats to network neutrality .
A strong federal law is essential to make it clear to both internet providers and regulators that internet democracy cannot be restricted .
Bills now in Congress take two general approaches .
One would require the FCC to strictly enforce neutrality .
The other would allow government antitrust suits against providers that fail to treat all users equally .
But combining the two strategies would provide by far the most effective protection .
Internet neutrality is one of those rare issues that has united unusually diverse groups , from the Gun Owners of America to the Christian Coalition .
And for good reason .
Congress should adopt a comprehensive net neutrality law this year .
If you thought the weirdest creatures on Earth thrived in murky oceans and thermal vents , think again .
Today , two of the world ’s rarest and largest nocturnal primates , called aye - ayes , join the collection at the Denver Zoo .
Salem and Ozony , respectively female and male , are both 7 years old and extremely “ unique looking , ” according to a zoo news release .
The pair have sleek , monkey - like bodies and thick , fluffy tails .
Saucer - like ears flank their pointy faces , and wiry hair rings their necks .
Each aye - aye has long fingers ; the middle digit can be up to three times longer than the others and is used to pluck bugs from holes in trees .
The zoo last had an aye - aye 10 years ago , when Ozony ’s father , Mestopheles , visited on loan .
His popularity paved the way for Salem and Ozony ’s arrival .
Visitors can see the pair in the Emerald Forest building inside Primate Panorama at the Denver Zoo , one of only three zoos that exhibit them .
Salem and Ozony , who are among only 23 aye - ayes in North American institutions , are classified as endangered by the World Conservation Union due to habitat loss in their native Madagascar and illegal hunting .
Although some native populations believe aye - ayes are an evil omen , metro residents are encouraged to come down to the zoo and judge for themselves .
Liv Gold : 303-954-1311 or lgold@denverpost.com
By Geoff Adams - Spink
Age & disability correspondent , BBC News website
Ruth Amos set up her company when she was only 16 A young woman from Sheffield has turned a GCSE coursework project into an award - winning stair - climbing device for older and disabled people .
Ruth Amos has launched her StairSteady handrail at Naidex 2008 - the annual disability exhibition in Birmingham .
She told BBC News that she was inspired to create the device for the father of one of her teachers who had had a stroke .
She won an award for her idea and has now set up a company to sell it .
The StairSteady is a horizontal rail at 90 degrees to the wall or banister that people can hold on to as they go up or down stairs .
A friction device inside the handrail enables the user to move it up or down but it locks when weight is applied in order to give added support .
Ms Amos says her invention will enable people who have difficulty with stairs to remain active - something that she says is not the case when a stair lift is fitted .
" Our product will fit any width of stairs and it's also low - cost , " she said .
The device will be on sale for £ 329.00 plus the cost of fitting .
" You have to have it fitted because of the safety requirements and the weight that it holds , " Ms Amos explained .
The StairSteady was designed as part of her GCSE coursework two years ago .
In pictures : Naidex 2008 " It was initially for my teacher 's father who'd had a stroke - we decided that we wanted to design something to help him because he'd been told to keep active but he was n't able to . "
The invention was then entered for the Young Engineer for Britain competition and won first prize .
Since then - encouraged by her family - Ms Amos set up a company to market her product which had its launch at Naidex 2008 at the NEC in Birmingham .
She says that she would like to go to university to study engineering but that she has spent most of the money saved up for her studies on hiring a stand at Naidex .
" I 'm taking a couple of years out to run the product first . "
The StairSteady is now being assessed for potential outdoor use as well .
The bar pivots vertically when not in use and the only setting in which it cannot be used is spiral staircases .
Asked about possible future projects , Ms Amos says her abiding philosophy is to keep things simple .
" I think there are always ways to improve things and they 're not always the most complicated ways . "
Naidex 2008 is at the National Exhibition Centre in Birmingham from April 29 - May 1 .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
by Miguel de Icaza
Jonathan Pobst has posted the update on our Windows .
Forms 2.0 work .
Some interesting points from his blog entry :
We are now API complete , which means that our public API is exactly the same as .
Net 's ( all 12,776 methods ) .
The first check - in to our current Winforms implementation was on July 8th , 2004 .
It took 4 years to get here , and 6,434 individual SVN commits .
The toolkit is made up of 115 k lines of code .
Also :
We currently have three backends : X11 , OSX and Win32 .
There is a Google Summer of Code effort to improve our theming and OS integration this summer .
Winforms 2.0 will also debut support for XIM to allow input for CJK character sets .
We have a nice binding to Gecko as our implementation for WebControl which we started last year ( currently we are limited to Gecko on X11 though , no Mac support yet for this WebControl ) .
The Desktop team at Novell is adding UI Automation and accessibility support to Windows .
Forms integrating it with Gnome 's ATK .
They have a full team dedicated to that goal .
R - to -L support :
It is not an priority for us at this point , but it would be nice if someone with RtoL needs were to complete the work that Sebastien did last year to use Pango inside GDI +.
Winforms 2.0 was the last piece of code holding off the Mono 2.0 release .
We anticipate that there will be bugs , so we want to encourage folks to submit their bug reports and to evaluate the portability of their sofwtare using our Mono Migration Analyzer tool .
Congratulations to the Winforms team , and everyone that provided bug reports , test cases , contributed code , tested and worked with us to bring it to where it is today .
Obama : GOP tactics the reason bin Laden is still free RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday June 17 , 2008
|
Print This Email This WASHINGTON  Democrat Barack Obama says he 'll take no lectures from Republicans on who will keep America safer .
GOP rival John McCain 's campaign criticized Obama Tuesday for speaking approvingly of the successful prosecution of terrorists .
A McCain aide said , " Obama is a perfect manifestation of a September 10th mind - set " and does not understand the dangers posed by U.S. adversaries .
Obama told reporters that the Republicans have no " standing to suggest that they 've learned a lot of lessons from 9 - 11 . "
He said they " helped to engineer the distraction of the war in Iraq at a time when we could have pinned down the people who actually committed 9 - 11 . "
He said Osama bin Laden is still at large in part because of their failed strategies .
Additionally , Obama told reporters that " Republicans are not trying to debate issues but instead scare the American people , " according to Jake Tapper of ABC News .
" What they are trying to do is what they 've done every election cycle , which is to use terrorism as a club to make the American people afraid  to win elections , " Tapper quoted Obama .
" They are not serious about this , " continued Obama .
" Because if they wanted to have a serious conversation about it then they would know for example that the issue of habeas corpus is not designed to free prisoners ; what it 's designed to do is make sure that prisoners who are being held have at least one shot to say , ' I 'm being held wrongly . ' "
With wire services
MOSCOW , Russia --
Lightning has killed and injured more than a dozen people in Russia in the past two weeks , officials say , blaming widespread use of electronic gadgets such as cell phones for an increase in deadly strikes .
Dozens of people have been killed or injured by lightning in Russia .
On Wednesday , a lightning bolt killed three sunbathers in the town of Neftekamsk , 800 miles east of Moscow .
One victim , Marina Sadykova , 26 , was among a few people on a beach along the Kama River when a storm moved in .
Witnesses said they saw a sharp , blinding ray of light that raised 7.6 meters ( 25 feet ) of sand .
The woman -- mother of a 5 - month - old boy -- was talking on a cell phone when she was killed , and the phone was found melted in her hand , according to police .
Russian media have reported similar instances across central Russia , including the death of a 10 - year - old boy on a bike , a young man talking on a cell phone and an elderly farmer tending her potato plants .
Leonid Tarkov of the weather observation center FOBOS said he believes that the surge in lightning strikes may be connected to the increased use of portable electronic technology , such as cellular phones or music players .
" These things are electromagnetic field carriers , " he said .
" That makes them , in essence , conductors .
Thunderbolts are frequently attracted to such things , and hits are often connected with a lethal outcome . "
The idea that lightning can follow the weak electromagnetic fields of such devices is rejected by virtually all scientists , although there is evidence that a lightning strike is more likely to be fatal for a person carrying any object with metal in it .
Do n't Miss Blog : Weather FX
Blog : Weather FX Lightning myths
And Tarkov himself pointed out another explanation for the surge in lightning strikes in Russia this summer :
The country has been hit by an unusually high number of storms .
He said Moscow is 139 percent above normal for rainfall this month , including 51 millimeters ( 2 inches ) from a fierce thunderstorm Wednesday , the equivalent of five buckets of water on each square meter .
" The absolute July maximum was observed in July 1965 , when 184 millimeters ( 7.24 inches ) of precipitation fell on Moscow , " he said .
" If such weather continues , it 's not unlikely for the absolute maximum to be topped . "
Storms left dozens of houses across Central Russia without electricity or water , and lightning ignited fires that burned a number of them , according to media reports .
More than a hundred trees were reported felled by winds in Moscow on Thursday night , and traffic was regularly stalled by flows of water during the past week .
Thursday 's storm also cut power to the rails used by public transportation , halting movement for more than an hour .
Dozens of frustrated passengers who missed their flights are still in Moscow .
Russia 's stormy weather is likely to last at least another week , Tarkov said .
He cited contrasting weather in the central region as the cause : A vast anticyclone that has settled over the area first carries cool humid North Atlantic winds and , hours later , subtropical heat .
" This only happens once in five to seven years , " Tarkov said .
" We have n't had such intensive storm activity in a while . "
CNN Moscow Bureau 's Maxim Tkachenko and Mike Sefanov contributed to this report .
MOTHERS get a high similar to taking cocaine when they look at their own smiling baby , which may explain why those with drug addictions can neglect their own infants , a study has found .
A former student from the University of Queensland studied brain scans of 28 new mothers taken as they looked at photographs of their own happy babies and found that parts of the brain , such as the substantia nigra , the striatum and the frontal lobe - which are involved in processing emotion , cognition and behaviour - all lit up .
Those same areas , known as the key dopamine - associated reward - processing regions of the brain , were stimulated when people saw their lovers , beautiful faces or sexual scenes or consumed drugs such as cocaine or amphetamines , said Lane Strathearn , now an associate professor of pediatrics at the Texas Children 's Hospital in Houston .
The first photo from geek maestro Joss Whedon 's highly anticipated * Dollhouse * reveals the killer cast behind the upcoming sci - fi drama .
The seven - episode series , which follows a group of highly skilled men- and women - for - hire known as " dolls , " launches in January on Fox .
The show is tentatively scheduled to air Mondays at 8 , before 24 .
The dolls have had their memories and personalities wiped clean – think * Bourne Identity *– and are rented out to perform tasks by a mysterious agency .
Remember ass - kicking babe Eliza Dushku from Buffy and Tru Calling ?
She stars as Echo , who becomes self - aware and begins to investigate her surroundings , including the futuristic , lab - like dorm ( pictured above ) she lives in .
Whedon tapped Battlestar Galactica stud Tahmoh Penikett to stand in as Echo 's twisted love interest and an FBI agent obsessed with the urban myth of a such a " Dollhouse . "
Fran Kranz stars as Dollhouse 's nerdy programmer Topher Brink , who imprints the dolls with their task - specific personas .
* 24 -* alum Harry Lennix serves as a bodyguard for Echo , and Buffy Angel alum Amy Acker is doll - handler Dr. Claire Sanders .
X - Men 's Olivia Williams plays the ruthless Adelle DeWit , who governs over the dollhouse .
Dushku's own experiences as an actress inspired Whedon , according to an interview with the Los Angeles Times .
" When we really discussed the whole thing , she said , ' You 're talking about my life .
In my life , everybody tells me who they want me to be while I try and figure out who I am . '
And that spoke to me .
I agreed that I 'll write and maybe oversee the pilot , " said Whedon , who created and penned hit shows * Firefly and Buffy the Vampire Slayer . *
[ SPOILERS AFTER THE JUMP ]
Our sources at Fox tell us that Dollhouse will take place at an undisclosed point in the future , and the organization behind wiping the dolls and imprinting them is a corrupt , top - secret government agency .
Their handlers are working with a high - tech brain institute that has a vast archive of different personalities to imprint upon the dolls for their various assignments , which can range from assassinations and fantasies to the occasional charitable deed .
In addition to Echo's own search for self - discovery , an FBI agent convinced of the existence of a " Dollhouse " is hot on the case .
And the dolls themselves live in a state - of - the - art facility that resembles a Japanese - inspired zen spa .
The pilot wrapped shooting in April and goes back into production in July before the launch early next year .
Photo courtesy Fox
See also :
Edwards squelches speculation that she would endorse Clinton , saying she \ " was never inclined to endorse . \ "
Elizabeth Edwards : Not backing Hillary
Elizabeth Edwards on Sunday rejected speculation that she might endorse New York Sen. Hillary Clinton for the Democratic presidential nomination .
“ If you listened to what I said and not to what pundits said I was thinking , you would know that I was never inclined to endorse , ” Edwards wrote in an e-mail to Politico Sunday afternoon .
Advertisement
Speculation about whether she might back Clinton spiked when Edwards did not appear Wednesday with her husband , former North Carolina Sen .
John Edwards , during his endorsement of Illinois Sen. Barack Obama , who is winning the support of an increasing number of party leaders and superdelegates as he appears poised to edge out Clinton for the nomination .
Elizabeth Edwards told Politico that she was “ as usual , a sounding board for my husband , but , also as usual , his decision was ultimately his own , which is as it should be .
I never encouraged him to support a particular candidate , only to follow his heart . ”
John Edwards emphasized poverty and health care themes during his own bid for the Democratic presidential nomination .
After he dropped out of the race in January , both Obama and Clinton aggressively courted his endorsement .
Edwards ’ support could boost Obama ’s credibility with the blue - collar white voters who have flocked to Clinton .
Likewise , Elizabeth Edwards ’ endorsement could have helped Clinton with her husband ’s supporters but also with voters who are most concerned about health care issues and with netroots activists , among whom she is popular .
A public figure in her own right who has accepted a health care - focused fellowship at the liberal Center for American Progress , Edwards gained standing in the left flank of the Democratic Party during her husband ’s presidential campaign .
She simultaneously fought breast cancer , advocated for his universal health care plan and served as an aggressive surrogate , with both Obama and Clinton at times feeling her bite .
After Edwards ’ no -show at her husband ’s endorsement of Obama , the Clinton campaign was happy to let speculation swirl about a possible Elizabeth Edwards endorsement , and the New York senator fueled it the next day .
Responding to a question about John Edwards ’ endorsement , she revealed that she talked to Elizabeth – but not John – Edwards afterward .
“ I have n’t talked to him , ” she told reporters Thursday at the airport in Rapid City , S.D. “ I ’ve spoken to Elizabeth Edwards .
She ’s a friend of mine and I have a very high regard for her and I think it ’s important that she remain a strong advocate and real champion for universal health care . ”
Clinton devoted most of her answer to praising Elizabeth Edwards , but would n’t characterize their conversation .
Her campaign said the two women would likely continue to talk and that Clinton would welcome , but did not expect , an endorsement .
Edwards has expressed support for Clinton ’s health care plan – but she stressed in her e-mail to Politico that her support was limited to Clinton ’s plan , not her campaign .
“ If I say I like chocolate ice cream better than strawberry , it does n't mean either ( 1 ) that I like chocolate or strawberry as much as vanilla or ( 2 ) that I dislike strawberry .
I say what I mean .
Hillary 's health care plan is closer to what I want to see than Barack 's , ” she wrote .
“ As a spouse , it is not surprising that I have a very small change purse of political capital and I have repeatedly said that I was going to use my capital , such as it is , for the issues about which I care and not on an endorsement . ”
As for her personal relationships with Clinton and Obama , Edwards wrote , “ I like both ( or , counting spouses , all four ) of these people personally .
Do we play Boggle together or go biking together ?
No , although it would be okay with me if we did .
They are interesting , compelling people with many of the same thoughts as I have about the issues that confront us . ”
Edwards also noted , “ I will support the Democrat nominee and work hard to make certain that person becomes President . ”
Last week , at a thank - you event in New York for her husband ’s presidential campaign , she told donors and staffers that she did not intend to publicly endorse a candidate until after the nomination had been decided , according to a source who worked with both John and Elizabeth Edwards and attended the event .
The source said Edwards was involved in talks with both candidates when they interrupted their campaigns to visit her home in Chapel Hill , N.C. , seeking her husband ’s endorsement .
“ I ’m not surprised at all that she ’s operating independently from him on this , ” the source said .
“ That ’s very much her style .
It ’s her decision to make who she wants to support , if anyone . ”
John Edwards had also indicated he did n’t plan to render an endorsement , until just before he actually did so .
As recently as May 5 – the day before the primaries in their home state and in Indiana – the Edwardses in a joint interview from their Chapel Hill kitchen told People magazine they would n’t endorse .
In the interview , Elizabeth Edwards reiterated her support for Clinton ’s health care plan .
She said she did n’t like Obama ’s plan “ or his advertising on health care , which I think is misleading . ”
She also added , though , that she did n’t like that Clinton ’s campaign accepts contributions from lobbyists , which both Obama and Edwards rejected in their campaigns .
Last year , Edwards told Salon that her husband was a more vocal advocate for women ’s issues than Clinton and , in an interview with the Associated Press , accused Clinton of copying John Edwards ’ plan for universal health care .
But the two women eventually found common ground on the issue , with Elizabeth Edwards last month announcing her preference for it over Obama ’s , which lacks a mandate that all people be covered .
“ You need that universality in order to get the cost savings , ” Edwards said in an interview on ABC ’s “ Good Morning America . ”
She added she had “ more confidence in Sen.
Clinton 's policy than Sen. Obama 's on this particular issue . ”
In Rapid City , Clinton said Edwards “ has done a great deal to promote what is one of the most important issues we have . …
I do n’t think a Democratic nominee for president should have any position other than universal health care .
It ’s been a position in our platform since Harry Truman .
There are different ways of getting there , but we ’ve got to remain committed to universal health care and Elizabeth Edwards and I agree on that . ”
Prof Robert Plomin of the Institute of Psychiatry at King 's College London , who first identified the cognitive effects of SSADH gene four years ago , said the findings were " significant " but called for further research using much larger samples to establish the link .
fron the NY Times
Republican Arnold Schwarzenegger , the governor of California and a McCain supporter , is married to Democrat Maria Shriver , a member of the Kennedy clan and an Obama supporter .
Luckily , there is a tie breaker — of their four children only one is old enough to vote , and she prefers Obama .
President Bush pauses during remarks on his freedom agenda at the Ronald Reagan Building in Washington July 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President George W. Bush on Monday approved the death sentence of an Army private convicted of murder and rape in 1988 , becoming the first U.S. president to approve a military execution in 51 years .
Bush signed a request by the military that Ronald Gray be put to death following his court - martial conviction 20 years ago on multiple charges of murder and rape .
“ While approving a sentence of death for a member of our armed services is a serious and difficult decision for a commander in chief , the president believes the facts of this case leave no doubt that the sentence is just and warranted , ” White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said a statement .
Unlike the civilian court system , the U.S. military justice system dictates that a member of the armed forces cannot be executed until the president approves the death sentence .
Citing expected legal challenges , Perino declined further comment on what would be the first U.S. military execution since 1961 , when a convicted child rapist was hanged after his sentence was approved by President Dwight Eisenhower in 1957 .
The last president to act on a military death sentence was John F. Kennedy , who commuted a death sentence to life in prison in 1962 , according to White House records .
Gray was convicted by a court - martial at Fort Bragg , North Carolina of two murders , an attempted murder , and three rapes committed during a spree in 1986 and 1987 .
He received multiple life sentences from the North Carolina state court and has been held on death row in a military prison in Kansas since April 1988 .
( PhysOrg.com ) -- Elvira Fortunato and colleagues from the Centro de Investigação de Materiais ( Cenimat / I3N ) , at Faculdade de Ciências e Tecnologia , Universidade Nova de Lisboa , made the first Field Effect Transistor ( FET ) with a paper " interstrate " layer .
A new device which rivals in electrical performance with the actual state of the art of oxide based thin film transistors ( TFTs ) produced on glass or crystalline silicon substrates .
These results will be published next September in IEEE Electron Device Letters .
Nowadays , there is an increased interest in the use of biopolymers for low - cost electronic applications .
Since cellulose is the Earth ’s major biopolymer , some international teams have reported using paper as the physical support ( substrate ) of electronic devices .
But , until now , no one had used paper as an interstrate component of a FET .
In a new approach , scientists from Cenimat / I3N – a research group coordinated by Elvira Fortunato and Rodrigo Martins – used a common sheet of paper as the dielectric layer on oxide FETs .
The research team fabricated the devices on both sides of the paper sheet .
This way , the paper acts simultaneously as the electric insulator and as the substrate .
" Is a two in one , " says Elvira Fortunato .
Furthermore , electric characterization of devices showed that the hybrid FETs ’ performance outpace those of amorphous silicon TFTs , and rival with the actual state of the art of oxide thin film transistors .
These results suggest promising new disposable electronics devices , like paper displays , smart labels , smart packaging , bio-applications , RFID tags , among others .
Citation : High Performance Flexible Hybrid Field Effect Transistors based on Cellulose Fiber - Paper will be published next September in IEEE Electron Device Letters .
Provided by Universidade Nova de Lisboa
Explore further A device that can produce electroluminescence from infrared to ultraviolet wavelengths
Both Democratic candidates have 46 % to 44 % margins over McCain
Gallup Daily : Obama 51 % , Clinton 40 % Both Democratic candidates have 46 % to 44 % margins over McCain
PRINCETON , NJ -- Barack Obama is maintaining his lead over Hillary Clinton among Democrats nationally in the latest Gallup Poll Daily tracking , with a 51 % to 40 % margin in the April 12 - 14 average .
The current 11 percentage point lead is the largest for Obama this year , and marks the ninth consecutive day in which Obama has led Clinton by a statistically significant margin .
The current Gallup Poll Daily tracking average is based on interviewing conducted Saturday , Sunday and Monday -- after the initial reports of Obama 's controversial remarks about " bitter " small - town residents began to be reported in the news media .
The two candidates will hold a nationally televised debate in Philadelphia on Wednesday night , and it is possible that this confrontation -- plus any delayed impact of Obama 's controversial remarks -- may affect Democratic voters ' perceptions in the days to come .
( To view the complete trend since Jan. 3 , 2008 , click here . )
In general election trial heat match ups , both Democratic candidates now have identical , and slight , 46 % to 44 % margins over presumptive Republican nominee John McCain . -- Frank Newport
Survey Methods
For the Gallup Poll Daily tracking survey , Gallup is interviewing no fewer than 1,000 U.S. adults nationwide each day during 2008 .
The Democratic nomination results are based on combined data from April 12 - 14 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 1,312 Democratic and Democratic - leaning voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±3 percentage points .
The general election results are based on combined data from April 10 - 14 , 2008 .
For results based on this sample of 4,446 registered voters , the maximum margin of sampling error is ±2 percentage points .
In addition to sampling error , question wording and practical difficulties in conducting surveys can introduce error or bias into the findings of public opinion polls .
To receive Gallup Poll Daily tracking reports each day as soon as they are published , please register here and add Gallup Daily to your e-mail subscriptions .
From MozillaWiki
« Release Schedule
Tracking document for the release of Firefox 3 .
See also :
Who
Overall lead : beltzner
Dev lead : damons / mconnor
Build lead : nthomas
QA lead : tchung
Release Notes /
Web lead : beltzner
Release Tracking & Schedule
Error 404
Page not found !
If you have any questions , please contact me .
Students and fellow educators are rallying behind a fired Jordan High School teacher they say was sacked for encouraging political activism among her students .
About 60 students rallied Wednesday at the Watts campus , while a colleague of the fired teacher said he and 15 other instructors planned to resign or transfer to other schools to protest the dismissal of Karen Salazar , a second - year English teacher .
The dust - up has gone digital as well .
Salazar backers have posted videos on the website YouTube .
The postings , which have attracted thousands of hits , intersperse music , outraged protesters and interviews , as well as statements from the outspoken educator .
“ You embody what it means to be a warrior - scholar , a freedom - fighting intellectual , ” she told students through a bullhorn in one video .
“ You are part of the long legacy , the strong history , of fighting back . ”
Advertisement
In another instance , Salazar rips the Los Angeles Unified School District , saying , “ This school system for too long has been not only denying them human rights , basic human rights , but doing it on purpose in order to keep them subservient , to subjugate them in society . ”
A union official said the critique against Salazar included a statement that her teaching was too “ Afro-centric . ”
An assistant principal , in his evaluation of a particular lesson , accused Salazar of brainwashing students , according to Salazar and others .
Her course materials include “ The Autobiography of Malcolm X , ” which is approved for students .
Salazar , 25 , also sprinkles in lyrics of slain rapper Tupac Shakur and the poetry of Langston Hughes .
Salazar ’s political science degree from UCLA includes minors in African American studies and Chicano studies .
She recently completed a master ’s in education at UCLA .
Advertisement
A veteran teacher assigned to mentor Salazar took issue with the negative characterization of Salazar ’s teaching .
“ I did not see the same things that the administrator said he saw , ” said Miranda Manners , who observed the same lesson during a different class period .
“ I saw a new , young teacher teaching her lesson according to the objectives she stated on the board .
I saw her engage with her students and interacting with them in a very positive way . ”
As for Salazar ’s overall campus profile , “ she is definitely a teacher who wants kids to wake up and look around them and ask questions and be motivated and be engaged . ”
It was the latter penchant that caused the furor , said others .
Advertisement
Salazar served as faculty advisor for campus student activists who wanted to pass out surveys about the school and students ’ education .
Unlike at other schools , Principal Stephen G. Strachan forbade the distribution of surveys on campus .
Salazar said Strachan also accused her of starting a separate student activist group that demanded more culturally relevant courses as well as accurate , up - to - date student records .
Some students have complained that transcript errors result in them being placed in the wrong classes .
“ She ’s one of the teachers that needs to stay here , ” said junior Deysy Ruiz , 16 , who estimated that at least half of her teachers had been ineffective by comparison .
Another group behind the protest was the Assn. of Raza Educators , which includes Santee Education Complex teachers who advocated successfully for the removal of a principal at that high school .
Advertisement
Strachan did not respond to a request for an interview Wednesday .
But the video footage suggests that Salazar ’s removal is justified , said Senior Deputy Supt .
Ramon C. Cortines through a spokesman .
The course materials are appropriate , but the advocacy may have crossed the line , he said .
Salazar , who was informed of her pending dismissal in April , needed at least one more year of service to earn district tenure , which limits her recourse .
“ I think she was a terrific teacher , who had a real connection with kids , but teachers in her position have a hard time winning these battles , ” said Joshua Pechthalt , a vice president with United Teachers Los Angeles .
--
Advertisement
howard.blume@latimes.com
Rapid increases in high - fructose corn syrup prices will encourage a return to sugar usage in U.S. soft drinks and foods -- a move that is already gathering steam among consumers -- sugar industry members predict .
Even before demand for ethanol lifted corn prices recently , the nation 's smaller soda and food makers began to reject the syrup in favor of sugar as consumers shied away from heavily processed snacks and ingredients .
Dalton ...
The National Police Improvement Agency has defended allowing companies access to the national DNA database .
A spokesperson for the NPIA told GC News that there are " stringent guidelines " surrounding each request for profiles from the National DNA Database , including scrutiny by a newly formed ethics board .
" After approval by the National DNA Database Strategy Board , they were made available for authorised research purposes demonstrating clear potential operational benefit to the police in terms of detecting and solving crime .
These profiles are completely anonymous and are not identifiable in any way , " said the spokesperson .
The Liberal Democrats said a series of Freedom of Information requests have revealed that the NPIA has approved 25 applications for research projects using DNA profiles from the DNA database .
It said that five came from private companies , with three from LGC and two from Orchid Cellmark , and that no one whose DNA is being used in these projects had given their consent .
" Innocent people are on the database , and their DNA will have been included in the research , " the party said in a statement .
It also said that the police , many of whose officers have added themselves to the database voluntarily , rejected a request for their DNA samples to be used in a research project .
Jenny Willott , the party 's shadow minister for home affairs , said : " The 25 projects that have been approved by ministers include some sinister explorations into ethnic profiling .
It is appalling that these Big Brother practices have been allowed to go on unchecked for so long and with extremely limited ethical standards . "
Responding to the Liberal Democrats ' claim that accesses to the database were allowed for " commercial reasons , " the NPIA said that any charge is minimal to recoup administration costs .
In June Willott tabled a private member 's bill which called for all innocent people to be removed from the DNA database .
She told the Commons that although everyone accepts that DNA has been a massive breakthrough in crime detection , the government has pursued this breakthrough in a disproportionate way .
Particularly worrying , according to Willott , is number of children on the database , estimated to be more than 700,000 people who were under 18 when they were arrested and their DNA samples taken .
This article was originally published at Kablenet .
Kablenet 's GC weekly is a free email newsletter covering the latest news and analysis of public sector technology .
To register click here .
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
June 7 , 2008
According to the foundation owned and controlled libs , " the perpetuation of the myth that groups such as Biliderberg are all - powerful is a political distraction " and " a right - wing anti-communist conspiracy theory , " never mind that David Rockefeller , Bilderberg heavyweight , has admitted an internationalist conspiracy to control the world .
" If that is the charge , I stand guilty , and I am proud of it , " Rockefeller writes on page 405 of his memoir .
Fire up the Google News search engine and enter “ Bilderberg ” and check out the results .
Not one corporate media source — not the New York Times , the Los Angeles Times , the Washington Post , et al — deemed it appropriate to mention , even in passing , the 56th Bilderberg meeting in Chantilly , Virginia , this week .
The American Friends of Bilderberg , described as “ an offshoot Bilderberg front group that has accepted donations from the Ford Foundation to fund Bilderberg meetings ” and “ a secretarial outpost through which Bilderberg conferences are organized , ” issued a press release this year , but the corporate media did not follow - up .
Surprisingly or not , few so - called “ alternative ” media sources mentioned it , either .
Raw Story , WorldNetDaily , Gather , the American Chronicle , the Canada Free Press , the American Free Press , and the Moderate Voice covered the story .
Of course , Prison Planet and Infowars covered the story in depth .
In Istanbul , the Turkish Daily News ran a story , reporting Turkey ’s Foreign Minister Ali Babacan was in attendance , along with a handful of Turkish politicians and business leaders .
Radio Netherlands reported that Dutch Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende would attend “ the highly secretive annual meeting of the world ’s most influential people , ” but left it at that .
Raw Story ’s article points to the participation list posted on Infowars and mentions Paul Joseph Watson ’s article on the Obama campaign ’s refusal to deny “ the Democratic nominee attended Bilderberg last night following reports that he and Hillary Clinton were present at ‘ an event in Northern Virginia , ' ” an “ obvious link to the ongoing Bilderberg conference ” in Chantilly .
Popular blogger Wonkette mentioned Bilderberg , but only as a platform to launch an attack against Jim Tucker and “ several people ” who protested the event .
Wonkette also made mention of the “ angry paultard - esque emails ” received after posting the above .
Apparently , according to Ana Marie Cox and her stable of libs at Wonkette , only “ paultards ” are concerned about the Bilderbergers and their agenda of predatory globalism , as everybody else realizes the conference is simply an informal gathering of politicians and business leaders harmlessly talking over world events as they munch fiddlehead ferns and caviar .
According to Chip Berlet and like - minded “ progressives ” ( read , Democrats ) , all of this obsessive business about the Bilderbergers is a waste of time .
Berlet “ argues that the perpetuation of the myth that groups such as Biliderberg are all - powerful is a political distraction , ” explains SourceWatch .
“ Why are people recycling a right - wing anti-communist conspiracy theory ?
People need to be less credulous and gullible .
Not everyone who has an anti-elitist framework is our ally , ” an exasperated Berlet declares .
Discussion of the Bilderbergers is “ right - wing populist conspiracism ” and “ diverts us from a systematic analysis of how wealthy elites control the economy and the political scene . ”
It should be noted that Berlet hails from Political Research Associates , funded by the Ford Foundation and the very wealthy elites he complains about .
The PRA functions as the elite ’s gatekeeper on the so - called Left.
Berlet and PRA also take money from the Tides Foundation , a creation of the Pew Charitable Trusts , in the business of controlling “ progressives ” for decades .
On its face , it makes no sense the corporate media would ignore and fail to report a confab comprised of newsworthy royal elites , chancellors , prime ministers , presidents , ambassadors , secretaries of state , Wall street bankers and investors , CEOs of transnational corporations , and corporate media executives .
It makes no sense — that is until you realize the corporate media is owned and directed by this very same elite .
In the past , darlings of the corporate media have attended Bilderberg meetings , including the late Peter Jennings of ABC , Joseph C. Harsch of NBC , the “ liberal ” Bill Moyers of PBS , the “ conservative ” William F. Buckley , Jr. , Robert L. Bartley of the Wall Street Journal , the neocon William Kristol , Thomas L. Friedman of the New York Times , the late Katharine Graham of the CIA ’s favorite newspaper , the Washington Post , Leslie Stahl of CBS , and many others .
Many are also members of the CFR and the Trilateral Commission .
It is no mistake a Google News search reveals absolutely no reportage from the corporate media on the Bilderberg confab currently underway in Virginia .
In effect , the Bilderbergers own the corporate media .
“ Critics have suggested that the media have been slow to investigate and report on the Bilderberg because many corporate news executives and journalists are members of the Group , ” noted Parascope .
“ Like all other Bilderberg attendees , these individuals have agreed to remain silent about the meetings , in spite of their responsibilities as high - ranking members of the national and international media … .
Although underground information activists have managed to pierce the local media bubbles and gather useful information about the Bilderberg ’s meetings , scrutiny of the Group in the establishment press is still verboten . ”
Indeed , so verboten is coverage of the Bilderbergers they have dispatched “ security ” thugs to harass , intimidate , and threaten journalists , as Alex Jones and the Infowars team discovered this past week .
However , even with this concerted campaign to stifle coverage of Bilderberg events , with each passing year more information detailing their secretive proceedings is revealed to the public , thus demanding more strenuous effort on the part of the Chip Berlets and Wonkettes of the world to deride this information as the kooky delusions of far right - wing nuts jobs and Paultards .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
def test_unhygienic_andand andand = Unhygienic.from { __to_receiver.andand.__to_message(__splat_parameters ) }.to { lambda { |andand_temp| andand_temp.__to_message(__splat_parameters ) if andand_temp }.call( __to_receiver ) } assert_equal ( ' Hello ' + ' World ' , with ( andand ) do ' Hello'.andand + ' World ' end ) assert_nil ( with ( andand ) do nil.andand + ' World ' end )
end
Rewrite :: With.expand( andand ) do class
Funky def hello_world ' Hello'.andand + ' World ' end end end
class
Funky def hello_world lambda { |andand_temp| ( andand_temp + " World " ) if andand_temp }.call ( " Hello " ) end end
Let ’s take a closer look : produces :
As you can probably deduce , it ’s unhygienic : Variables like andand_temp shadow variables declared elsewhere .
This is a problem if you fail to choose a sufficiently obfuscated name or — more likely — nest constructions like #andand .
Both the Classically Metaprogrammed and the Sexp - Rewriting versions of #andand avoid this problem .
Next step : Better hygiene .
A new technology that spots tooth decay almost as soon as it ’s begun promises to reduce the need for drilling and filling , writes Patrick Walter in SCI ’s Chemistry & Industry ( C&I ) magazine .
Drilling is one of the top dental phobias and puts thousands of people off visiting their dentist every year .
The new technology , which may be available in dental surgeries in five years from now , is based on Raman spectroscopy most commonly used to distinguish between different chemicals by identifying each molecule ’s unique fingerprint .
It detects decay simply and painlessly by pointing a tiny optical fibre at the tooth to check on its health .
A preliminary study at King ’s College London , where the technique is being developed , found that chemical changes in the tooth could be detected by analysing how light is scattered when a laser is fired at the tooth .
Researchers were able to tell healthy teeth from carious teeth because bacteria , responsible for the decay , scatter light in a different way to healthy teeth .
The results were presented at Microscience 2008 .
Frances Downey , a PhD student working on developing the technique at King ’s College London , said : ‘ The earlier you spot decay the better as you can remineralise the area so there is no cavitation and therefore no need for a filling . ’
Dr Frederic Festy , who is supervising the project , is planning a larger trial using more teeth samples and hopes to move onto human trials soon .
The key to the technique is its simplicity , he explains .
Currently , decaying teeth are uncovered either by visual examination or the use of x-rays , but usually by then , the damage has been done and the decayed area must be drilled out .
But Dr Steven Hogg , a microbiologist at Newcastle University ’s dental school , confirms that it is possible to repair teeth with a special mouthwash or fluoride varnish if dental decay is caught early enough .
The downside of developing the machines is the cost and the time it takes to do a scan – 30 seconds can be a long time for any patient to remain perfectly still .
Joss Whedon , der Erfinder von Buffy , präsentiert Dr. Horrible .
Ein Schurke , ein Superheld und – wie könnte es anders sein – ein Mädchen .
Ein Internetmusical welches an drei Terminen aufgeführt wird .
Seit gestern ist nun die erste
Folge zu sehen :
Der Server http://drhorrible.com war gestern nur sehr bedingt zu erreichen .
Heute geht’s .
Die nächsten Termine :
Donnerstag , 17 .
Juli
Sonnabend , 19 .
Juli
Viel Spaß !
Published online 25 July 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.983
News
EPA 's voluntary safety scheme undersubscribed as deadline approaches .
Chemical trade bodies are hoping that an eleventh - hour plea for companies to volunteer information about their nanotechnology products will avert the imposition of potentially restrictive regulation .
But time is running out .
The Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) has set a deadline of Monday 28 July for US companies to voluntarily hand over details about the nanoparticles they work with .
Yet very few companies have participated , leaving the EPA more likely to move towards mandatory regulation , something the industry fears will be bad for business .
Carbon nanotubes : definitely different from diamond .
Simone Brandt / Alamy
Scientists have long called for distinct nanotechnology regulation that takes full account of the various physical and chemical properties that arise in materials measured at scales of a billionth of a metre .
In 2004 , for example , Britain ’s Royal Society and Royal Academy of Engineering issued a report that said : “ The lack of evidence about the risk posed by manufactured nanoparticles and nanotubes is resulting in considerable uncertainty , ” and urged that nanoscale versions of known chemicals be treated as entirely new products .
The EPA ’s response to such calls was the Nanoscale Materials Stewardship Program ( NMSP ) , which was launched in January to gather data about the nanomaterials being made and used in the United States , to guide future health and safety guidelines .
The two - tier system first collects data on the physical and chemical characteristics of the materials , as well as information about hazards , risk management , and who comes into contact with the material .
The second , in - depth part of the process asks companies to run extended tests on the materials to obtain extra details , such as toxicology assessments .
But so far only nine companies have submitted to the basic programme , with a further eleven promising to do so .
Just two companies have signed up to the in - depth programme ( see " Better nanosafe than sorry " )
“ It ’s a very poor turn out , ” says Andrew Maynard , chief science adviser at the Project on Emerging Nanotechnologies at the Woodrow Wilson International Center for Scholars in Washington DC , who estimates that more than 800 companies are involved with nanotech in the United States .
Big hitters of the nano - world
The list of participants does include some big-hitters in the chemicals industry , including BASF , Bayer and Dow Chemical , probably because they are used to handling this kind of regulatory requirement , notes John DiLoreto of the Synthetic Organic Chemical Manufacturers Association ( SOCMA ) .
But SOCMA , the American Chemistry Council ( ACC ) and the NanoBusiness Alliance are concerned that the lack of participation may push the EPA into enforcing stricter regulation .
Earlier this month , they issued a joint plea to their industrial members to get their submissions in on time .
“ A mandatory scheme will put an additional burden on industry , ” and involve much greater bureaucracy , says Maynard .
Bill Gulledge , leader of the ACC ’s nanotechnology panel , thinks the plea will work .
“ There will be more submissions , ” he says .
“ Like everything else , people wait until the very last minute . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The slow response to the EPA ’s scheme could be because smaller companies do not know about the scheme , suggests Gulledge ; or they simply do n’t have the time and resources to get involved , thinks Maynard .
Canada already requires companies to register nanomaterials under the country ’s New Substances Program , just as they must register any other new chemical .
And in June this year , the European Commission announced a review into European Union legislation on nanomaterials , which are currently covered by existing chemicals legislation .
The United Kingdom has had its own voluntary reporting scheme in place since September 2006 , but has received only ten submissions .
“ We ’ve never been altogether sure what would come of the scheme , ” admits Stephen Morgan , spokesman for the UK government ’s Department for Environment , Food and Rural Affairs , which runs the programme .
If the EPA programme continues to see similar results , the agency has the power to demand the information .
" EPA could use its information gathering authority under section 8 ( a ) of TSCA [ Toxic Substances Control Act ] to gather information on the identity of the nanoscale substance , material characterization , uses , production volume , exposures and releases , and available hazard data , " the agency said in a statement to Nature .
“ EPA will assess all submissions received under the NMSP and determine next steps as appropriate . ”
Binstock on Software : Perfecting OO 's Small Classes and Short Methods
The Pragmatic Programmersシリーズの新しい本 、The ThoughtWorks Anthologyの中に
興味をそそるエッセイがある 。Jeff Bay の" Object Calisthenics " だ。
これは良いオブジェクト指向の性質を実証する小さなルーチンを書く方法をマスターするための
詳細にわたるエクササイズだ。オブジェクト指向なルーチンを書く能力を向上させたい開発者がいるなら
このエッセイに目を通すことを勧める。ここにBayのアプローチを要約してみよう。
彼は次にあげられる制約のもとに1000行のプログラムを書くことを勧めている。
これらの制約は意図的に過剰な制限となっているが、これは開発者を手続き的なやり方から脱却させるためだ。
このテクニックを適用したらコードは顕著にオブジェクト指向よりになることを保証する。
この制限は次のものだ。
インデントは1メソッド1レベルのみ。2つ以上必要ならもう1つ別のメソッドを定義してそれを呼ぶようにする。これ重要。
'else 'は禁止。条件文はifだけ。出来なければそのルーチンをexitすること。これでif-elseの連鎖を避けられて、1つのルーチンは1つのことだけをやるという状態を保てる。わかってきたね。 全部のプリミティブとstringをラップせよ。" primitive obsession . "
だ。整数型が使いたかったら、はじめにクラス(インナークラスでもいい)を作ってそれの本当の役割をはっきりさせる。たとえば郵便番号はオブジェクトで整数じゃないという具合に。これですっきりしてて、なおかつテストしやすいコードになる。
1行に1つのドットのみ使うこと。これで他のオブジェクトの深くまでいってフィールドやメソッドにアクセスするってことを避ける。こうしちゃうとカプセル化を破ることになってしまうから。
名前は省略しない。ある種の余計なものによって手続き的な冗長さできることを避けるためだ。もしメソッドや変数のフルネームをタイプしないといけないんだったら、きっともっと時間をかけて名前について考えるだろう。それによってshipOrder()というメソッドを持ったOrderなんてオブジェクトを作らなくなって代わりにOrder.ship()みたいな呼び出しが増えるはずだ。
エンティティを小さく保つこと。クラスは50行まで、パッケージごとに10クラスまで。1クラス50行までというのは極めて重要だ。これは簡潔さを強いてクラスをフォーカスさせるだけではなく、どんなエディタ/IDEでも1画面にクラスが収まることにもなる。
3つ以上のインスタンス変数を持ったクラスは使わないこと。きっとこれは一番難しいだろう。ここでの著者の考えは、2つのインスタンス変数があると、ほぼ必ずと言っていいほどそのいくつかの変数を別のクラスにサブグループかする道理があるってことだ。
ファーストクラスコレクションを使うこと。換言すればコレクションを持つクラスは他のメンバー変数を持つべきではない。primitive obsessionの拡張だ。コレクションを含んだクラスが必要なら、そういう風に書くんだ。
セッター、ゲッター、プロパティを使わない。これはカプセル化を強いる抜本的なアプローチだ。これはDependency
Injection アプローチの実装も必要になるし、" 言え、訊くな " という格言の遵守も必要となる。
断言する。これらのルールを破らずに1000行のプロジェクト書いたものはOOがうまくなる。
よって望めば制限を和らげることも出来るようになる。でも作者が指摘するのはそうする理由はないということ。
彼のチームはちょうど100,000行のプロジェクトをこの制限のうちに終えたところなんだ。
It has long been the holy grail for those who believe that technology can save us from catastrophic climate change : a device that can " suck " carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) from the air , reducing the warming effect of the billions of tonnes of greenhouse gas produced each year .
Now a group of US scientists say they have made a breakthrough towards creating such a machine .
Led by Klaus Lackner , a physicist at Columbia University in New York , they plan to build and demonstrate a prototype within two years that could economically capture a tonne of CO2 a day from the air , about the same per passenger as a flight from London to New York .
The prototype so - called scrubber will be small enough to fit inside a shipping container .
Lackner estimates it will initially cost around £ 100,000 to build , but the carbon cost of making each device would be " small potatoes " compared with the amount each would capture , he said .
The scientists stress their invention is not a magic bullet to solve climate change .
It would take millions of the devices to soak up the world 's carbon emissions , and the CO2 trapped would still need to be disposed of .
But the team says the technology may be the best way to avert dangerous temperature rises , as fossil fuel use is predicted to increase sharply in coming decades despite international efforts .
Climate experts at a monitoring station in Hawaii this month reported CO2 levels in the atmosphere have reached a record 387 parts per million ( ppm ) - 40 % higher than before the industrial revolution .
The quest for a machine that could reverse the trend by " scrubbing " carbon from the air is seen as one of the greatest challenges in climate science .
Richard Branson has promised $ 25 m ( £ 12.6 m ) to anyone who succeeds .
Lackner told the Guardian : " I would n't write across the front page that the problem is solved , but this will help .
We are in a hurry to deal with climate change and will be very hard pressed to stop the train before we get to 450 ppm [ CO2 in the atmosphere ] .
This can help stop the train . "
He added : " Our project has reached the stage where it is quite clear we can do it .
We need to start dealing with all these emissions .
I 'd rather have a technology that allows us to use fossil fuels without destroying the planet , because people are going to use them anyway . "
Scientists have been sceptical about air capture devices for carbon because of the large amounts of energy they consume .
Although it is relatively easy to find chemicals that absorb CO2 , it is harder to then strip the gas from the so - called sorbent for reuse .
A detailed report on carbon capture from the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change in 2005 effectively dismissed the air capture as unworkable .
Lackner 's team says it has made a significant breakthrough that massively reduces the amount of energy required to recharge the sorbent .
It is reluctant to discuss details , but a US patent application obtained by the Guardian shows that it is based on changes in humidity .
The team says it can trap the CO2 from air on absorbent plastic sheets called ion exchange membranes , commonly used to purify water .
Crucially , it has discovered that humid air can then make the membranes " exhale " their trapped CO2 .
The discovery was " some serendipity and some working out , " Lackner said .
" When I saw it the first time , I did n't believe it . "
The team is working to build a prototype at a laboratory in Tuscon , Arizona .
Run by a company called Global Research Technologies ( GRT ) , of which Lackner is vice president of research , the laboratory unveiled a " pre-prototype " air capture machine last year , based on a different technique - rinsing trapped CO2 off the membrane with liquid sodium carbonate , and then using electricity to liberate the CO2 from the fluid .
Lackner says that device works , but the " humidity switch " could slash the scrubber 's energy use tenfold .
He said : " We can do it coming out carbon positive . "
The team is also working on ways to dispose of the pure CO2 gas produced by each scrubber .
The patent suggests the scrubber could be connected to greenhouses , where the CO2 would boost plant growth .
Or the gas could be used to grow algae , for food , fertiliser or fuel .
The latter could " close the carbon loop , " Lackner said .
The discovery could make the team eligible for the $ 25 m
Virgin Earth Challenge , which has pledged the money to the inventor of a way to remove a billion tonnes of CO2 from the atmosphere each year , though Lackner said he had not contacted Branson .
Wallace Broecker , the distinguished environmental scientist at Columbia University who helped Lackner set up GRT , said the air scrubber could be only way to tackle climate change .
He said Lackner was " one of the smartest guys on the planet " .
Broecker introduced the late Gary Comer , a billionaire entrepreneur , to Lackner and Allen Wright , an engineer who runs GRT , helped by his brother Burt .
Broecker said that the Wright brothers helped to cause this problem and " now the Wright brothers are going to fix it " .
Beloved by Mexicans for his dim wits , street smarts and playful disposition , long - running comic book character Memín Pinguín — a little black boy whose face resembles a monkey — is at it again .
His zany adventures chronicled in a hugely popular book series for decades are up for sale at your neighborhood Wal - Mart store in the Libros en Español section , right next to the store 's cadre of African - American books .
The latest issue : Memín para presidente .
By Shawnedria McGinty 's American standards , the image was shocking .
The African - American woman who was shopping at the store on South Post Oak over the weekend immediately asked a store manager to remove the books from the shelves .
A manager told her he would comply .
" I said , wait a minute : Is this a monkey or a little black boy ? " said McGinty , 34 , of Meyerland .
" I was so upset .
This is 2008 . "
But as of Monday afternoon , the books were still on the shelves at many Houston stores , prompting community activist Quanell X to demand that Wal - Mart apologize for selling the racially charged books .
" Even Hispanics of conscious minds sense this is racist and that to sell this is totally unacceptable , " said Quanell X , who spoke in front of the Wal - Mart on South Post Oak and demanded officials issue an apology .
" It is a disgrace — it 's an insult to all African - Americans . "
Quanell X , who was contacted by McGinty , requested a meeting with regional Wal - Mart officials .
A Wal - Mart spokesman said the books were removed late Monday at the Meyerland location , but would not say if the comic books would be pulled at other Houston locations .
A Houston Chronicle reporter bought three Memín comic books for $ 7.44 each at another Wal - Mart on Dunvale .
" We will be evaluating the best course of action , " said Phillip Keene , a company spokesman .
Memín is no stranger to controversy .
In 2005 , the Mexican postal service released a series of new stamps commemorating the comic book character , who debuted in the 1940s .
The stamps sold out quickly , but the debate endured and swirled between the U.S. White House and the Mexican White House .
To some in America , Memín 's stereotypical image of exaggerated lips and ape - like characteristics represents a racist period in the nation 's history when black - face characters were popular .
The stamps were deemed offensive by President Bush and a number of American leaders , including civil rights icon Jesse Jackson .
Former Mexican President Vicente
Fox said he did n't understand what all the fuss was about and insisted that Memín 's image was not racist , but a beloved character embraced by all Mexicans .
" When you read the stories , he 's always the hero — he saves the day , " said Raul Ramos , professor of Mexican - American history at the University of Houston , who added that the racial dynamics in Mexico — where stereotypical " Sambo " characters do not exist — are far more complex than in the U.S.
" He 's kind of the Charlie Chaplin figure , the rascal who is able to overcome the difficult situations .
So he 's a very populist character in that way . "
Omar G. , 45 , who was shopping at the Meyerland Wal - Mart with his four American - born children , said he did not want his children to read it .
" I grew up reading the comic book as a kid in Mexico , but for here , it is offensive for some people , " said Omar , who did not want his last name published .
" To see it here in Wal - Mart , I am surprised . "
leslie.casimir@chron.com
There were neo -Nazi images or Nazi references in 51 incidents
There was a 9 % rise in anti-Semitic incidents in the UK in the first half of 2008 compared with the same period last year , a charity has reported .
There were 266 incidents up to June , compared with 244 last year , according to the Community Security Trust ( CST ) .
Some 166 were incidents of abusive behaviour , including verbal abuse , hate mail and anti-Semitic graffiti .
CST admitted that improved contact with smaller Jewish communities " goes some way to explaining the overall rise " .
Incidents involving Jewish students or academics and at colleges rose 88 % , from 26 to 49 .
There were also 29 incidents involving Jewish schools and schoolchildren .
Violent assaults were down , from 54 in the first six months of 2007 , to 42 .
Smaller communities
Outside the biggest Jewish communities in London and Manchester , CST recorded 98 incidents in 38 different areas .
This included 21 incidents in Leeds , up from 13 a year before , and a rise from six to 10 in Liverpool .
In the first half of 2007 , CST had recorded 70 incidents in 25 locations outside London and Manchester .
" This is partly explained by efforts made by CST to improve contact with smaller Jewish communities beyond the main urban centres , and goes some way to explaining the overall rise in incidents , " the charity said .
John Mann MP , chair of the parliamentary group against anti-Semitism , said the report showed improved reporting of incidents involving students and smaller communities .
" By knowing the scale of the problem we can deploy strategies to combat anti-Semitism from our streets and our campuses , " he said .
" Every anti-Semitic attack is a blight on society . "
' Who Is Next ' lists 7 banks in ' danger zone '
Customers line up in front of an IndyMac Bank branch in Santa Monica on Monday , July 14 , 2008 .
Getty Images photo by Gabriel Bouys / AFP / Customers line up in front of an IndyMac Bank branch in Santa Monica on Monday , July 14 , 2008 .
Getty Images photo by Gabriel Bouys / AFP / Photo : GABRIEL BOUYS , AFP / Getty Images Photo : GABRIEL BOUYS , AFP / Getty Images Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close ' Who Is Next ' lists 7 banks in ' danger zone ' 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
Regional bank stocks , which got slammed Monday after the government took over IndyMac Bank over the weekend , recovered a bit on Tuesday .
But concerns linger over what other banks could fail .
On Saturday , banking analyst Dick Bove of Ladenburg Thalmann & Co. , released a report entitled " Who Is Next ? "
The report said the banking system as a whole " is not anywhere near the danger that existed in the late 1980s and early 1990s despite all of the whining by public officials . "
But the part of the report that grabbed the most attention was a list of banks and thrifts in what Bove calls the " danger zone . "
MBA BY THE BAY : See how an MBA could change your life with SFGATE 's interactive directory of Bay Area programs .
Bove ranked the 107 banks and thrifts with more than $ 5 billion in assets by two measures of risk .
( There are almost 8,500 U.S. banks and thrifts , but these 107 represent about 79 percent of industry assets . )
The first measure looked at each bank 's nonperforming assets as a percentage of its loans at the end of the first quarter .
Nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans , foreclosed assets and loans that are more than 90 days past due .
Bove said a ratio over 5 percent " represents danger . "
Yet only seven of the 107 institutions were over the 5 percent threshold .
The institutions ( and their ratios ) were Downey Financial ( 13.9 percent ) , Corus Bankshares ( 13.2 percent ) , Doral Financial ( 12.8 percent ) , IndyMac Bancorp ( 10.5 percent ) , FirstFed Financial ( 6.7 percent ) , Oriental Financial Group ( 6.12 percent ) and Bank United Financial ( 5.4 percent ) .
IndyMac is by far the largest of these .
Washington Mutual , one of the nation 's 10 largest financial institutions , was 12th on Bove 's list , with a ratio of 3.9 percent .
Bove 's second chart looked at each institution 's nonperforming assets as a percent of equity .
On this list , a ratio above 40 percent is in the danger zone .
Eleven companies made this list : IndyMac was first , with a ratio of 146.2 percent .
Next were Downey Financial , Doral Financial , BFC Financial , BankUnited Financial , Corus Bankshares , FirstBanCorp. , FirstFed Financial , Flagstar Bancorp and Santander BanCorp .
Last was Washington Mutual , at 40.6 percent .
Washington Mutual 's shares are down 27 percent since Friday 's close .
On Monday , the thrift released a statement saying it had recently raised $ 7.2 billion in capital .
" The company significantly exceeds all regulatory ' well - capitalized ' minimums for depository institutions .
In addition , WaMu has current excess liquidity of more than $ 40 billion and a national franchise with approximately $ 150 billion in retail deposits , " it said .
Downey Financial also issued a statement , saying its regulatory capital " was enhanced by $ 62 million prior to the end of second quarter 2008 . "
Of the two measures , Bove says the first is a better indicator of a bank 's distress .
" What we have seen , historically , is that ( 5 percent ) is where banks tip over , " he says .
James Abbott , a regional - bank analyst with Friedman Billings Ramsey , says this is one of many measures he looks at to determine if a bank is at risk of failure .
Other warning signs :
-- A bank that was offering above - average yields to attract deposits .
" We call it hot money .
It will follow whatever interest rate is the hottest , " he says .
-- A relatively high level of uninsured deposits .
These are likely to flee at the first sign of trouble .
-- A low level of asset quality .
When depositors withdraw money , a bank has to sell assets to pay them off .
The lower the quality of its assets , the less money it will get and the more likely it will fail .
-- Low levels of equity .
The more equity it has , the longer a bank can withstand a run .
If one of the nation 's biggest banks were to face a run , the government would find a way to keep it going under the " too big to fail " concept .
In this case , insured and uninsured depositors would both be protected .
Regional bank stocks have been hard hit since the IndyMac collapse in part because they are not too big to fail .
There is no line that separates banks that are too big to fail from those that are not .
Bove says the five largest - Citigroup , Bank of America , JPMorgan Chase , Wachovia and Wells Fargo - are clearly too big to fail .
He says the next 20 largest are probably too big as well .
We can now presume that anything smaller than IndyMac will be left to fail .
Bove says IndyMac is the nation 's 30th - largest bank holding company by assets .
The FDIC , which ranks individual banks and thrifts , ranks it 52nd .
For banks in between , I guess we 'll just have to see .
Tags
[ This essay was originally published in Reassessing the Presidency : The Rise of the Executive State and the Decline of Freedom , edited by John V. Denson , pp. 667–696 .
In a recent survey , people of different nationalities were asked how proud they were to be American , German , French , etc. , and whether or not they believed that the world would be a better place if other countries were just like their own .
The countries ranking highest in terms of national pride were the United States and Austria .
As interesting as it would be to consider the case of Austria , we shall concentrate here on the United States and the question of whether and to what extent the American claim can be justified .
In the following , we will identify three main sources of American national pride , the first two of which are justified sources of pride , while the third actually represents a fateful error .
Finally , we will look at how this error might be repaired .
I - A Country of Pioneers
The first source of national pride is the memory of America 's not - so - distant colonial past as a country of pioneers .
In fact , the English settlers coming to North America were the last example of the glorious achievements of what Adam Smith referred to as " a system of natural liberty " : the ability of men to create a free and prosperous commonwealth from scratch .
Contrary to the Hobbesian account of human nature — homo homini lupus est — the English settlers demonstrated not just the viability but also the vibrancy and attractiveness of a stateless , anarchocapitalist social order .
They demonstrated how , in accordance with the views of John Locke , private property originated naturally through a person 's original appropriation — his purposeful use and transformation — of previously unused land ( wilderness ) .
Furthermore , they demonstrated that , based on the recognition of private property , division of labor , and contractual exchange , men were capable of protecting themselves effectively against antisocial aggressors — first and foremost by means of self - defense ( less crime existed then than exists now ) , and as society grew increasingly prosperous and complex , by means of specialization , i.e. , by institutions and agencies such as property registries , notaries , lawyers , judges , courts , juries , sheriffs , mutual defense associations , and popular militias .
Moreover , the American colonists demonstrated the fundamental sociological importance of the institution of covenants : of associations of linguistically , ethnically , religiously , and culturally homogeneous settlers led by and subject to the internal jurisdiction of a popular leader - founder to ensure peaceful human cooperation and maintain law and order .
II - The American Revolution
The second source of national pride is the American Revolution .
In Europe there had been no open frontiers for centuries , and the intra-European colonization experience lay in the distant past .
With the growth of the population , societies had assumed an increasingly hierarchical structure : of free men ( freeholders ) and servants , lords and vassals , overlords , and kings .
While distinctly more stratified and aristocratic than colonial America , the so - called feudal societies of medieval Europe were also typically stateless social orders .
A state , in accordance with generally accepted terminology , is defined as a compulsory territorial monopolist of law and order ( an ultimate decision maker ) .
Feudal lords and kings did not typically fulfill the requirements of a state ; they could only " tax " with the consent of the taxed , and on his own land every free man was as much a sovereign ( ultimate decision maker ) as the feudal king was on his .
However , in the course of many centuries , these originally stateless societies had gradually transformed into absolute — statist — monarchies .
While they had initially been acknowledged voluntarily as protectors and judges , European kings had at long last succeeded in establishing themselves as hereditary heads of state .
Resisted by the aristocracy but helped along by the " common people , " they had become absolute monarchs with the power to tax without consent and to make ultimate decisions regarding the property of free men .
These European developments had a twofold effect on America .
On the one hand , England was also ruled by an absolute king , at least until 1688 , and when the English settlers arrived on the new continent , the king 's rule was extended to America .
Unlike the settlers ' founding of private property and their private — voluntary and cooperative — production of security and administration of justice , however , the establishment of the royal colonies and administrations was not the result of original appropriation ( homesteading ) and contract — in fact , no English king had ever set foot on the American continent — but of usurpation ( declaration ) and imposition .
On the other hand , the settlers brought something else with them from Europe .
There , the development from feudalism to royal absolutism had not only been resisted by the aristocracy but it was also opposed theoretically with recourse to the theory of natural rights as it originated within Scholastic philosophy .
According to this doctrine , government was supposed to be contractual , and every government agent , including the king , was subject to the same universal rights and laws as everyone else .
While this may have been the case in earlier times , it was certainly no longer true for modern absolute kings .
Absolute kings were usurpers of human rights and thus illegitimate .
Hence , insurrection was not only permitted but became a duty sanctioned by natural law .
The American colonists were familiar with the doctrine of natural rights .
In fact , in light of their own personal experience with the achievements and effects of natural liberty and as religious dissenters who had left their mother country in disagreement with the king and the Church of England , they were particularly receptive to this doctrine .
Steeped in the doctrine of natural rights , encouraged by the distance of the English king , and stimulated further by the puritanical censure of royal idleness , luxury , and pomp , the American colonists rose up to free themselves of British rule .
As Thomas Jefferson wrote in the Declaration of Independence , government was instituted to protect life , property , and the pursuit of happiness .
It drew its legitimacy from the consent of the governed .
In contrast , the royal British government claimed that it could tax the colonists without their consent .
If a government failed to do what it was designed to do , Jefferson declared , " it is the right of the people to alter or abolish it , and to institute new government , laying its foundation on such principles , and organizing its powers in such form , as to them shall seem most likely to effect their safety and happiness . "
III - The American Constitution
But what was the next step once independence from Britain had been won ?
This question leads to the third source of national pride — the American Constitution — and the explanation as to why this Constitution , rather than being a legitimate source of pride , represents a fateful error .
Thanks to the great advances in economic and political theory since the late 1700s , in particular at the hands of Ludwig von Mises and Murray N. Rothbard , we are now able to give a precise answer to this question .
According to Mises and Rothbard , once there is no longer free entry into the business of the production of protection and adjudication , the price of protection and justice will rise and their quality will fall .
Rather than being a protector and judge , a compulsory monopolist will become a protection racketeer — the destroyer and invader of the people and property that he is supposed to protect , a warmonger , and an imperialist .
That in all cases , for all commodities that serve to provide for the tangible or intangible needs of the consumer , it is in the consumer 's best interest that labor and trade remain free , because freedom of labor and trade have as their necessary and permanent result the maximum reduction of price . …
Whence it follows :
That no government should have the right to prevent another government from going into competition with it , or to require consumers of security to come exclusively to it for this commodity ( p. 3 ) .
If , on the contrary , the consumer is not free to buy security wherever he pleases , you forthwith see open up a large profession dedicated to arbitrariness and bad management .
Justice becomes slow and costly , the police vexatious , individual liberty is no longer respected , the price of security is abusively inflated and inequitably apportioned , according to the power and influence of this or that class of consumers .
( pp. 13 -14 )
Indeed , the inflated price of protection and the perversion of the ancient law by the English king , both of which had led the American colonists to revolt , were the inevitable result of compulsory monopoly .
Having successfully seceded and thrown out the British occupiers , it would only have been necessary for the American colonists to let the existing homegrown institutions of self - defense and private ( voluntary and cooperative ) protection and adjudication by specialized agents and agencies take care of law and order .
This did not happen , however .
The Americans not only did not let the inherited royal institutions of colonies and colonial governments wither away into oblivion ; they reconstituted them within the old political borders in the form of independent states , each equipped with its own coercive ( unilateral ) taxing and legislative powers .
While this would have been bad enough , the new Americans made matters worse by adopting the American Constitution and replacing a loose confederation of independent states with the central ( federal ) government of the United States .
This Constitution provided for the substitution of a popularly elected parliament and president for an unelected king , but it changed nothing regarding their power to tax and legislate .
To the contrary , while the English king 's power to tax without consent had only been assumed rather than explicitly granted and was thus in dispute the Constitution explicitly granted this very power to Congress .
Furthermore , while kings — in theory , even absolute kings — had not been considered the makers but only the interpreters and executors of preexisting and immutable law , i.e. , as judges rather than legislators ,
there is , in the Middle Ages , no such thing as the " first application of a legal rule . "
Law is old ; new law is a contradiction in terms ; for either new law is derived explicitly or implicitly from the old , or it conflicts with the old , in which case it is not lawful .
The fundamental idea remains the same ; the old law is the true law , and the true law is the old law .
According to medieval ideas , therefore , the enactment of new law is not possible at all ; and all legislation and legal reform is conceived of as the restoration of the good old law which has been violated .
( p. 151 )
Similar views concerning the permanency of law and the impermissibility of legislation were still held by the 18th - century French Physiocrats such as Mercier de la Riviere , author of a book on L'Ordre Naturel and one time governor of Martinique .
Called upon for advice on how to govern by the Russian Czarina Catherine the Great , de la Riviere is reported to have replied that law must be based
on one [ thing ] alone , Madame , the nature of things and man . …
To give or make laws , Madame , is a task which God has left to no one .
Ah !
What is man , to think of himself capable of dictating laws to beings whom he knows not ?
The science of government is to study and recognize the laws which God has so evidently engraved in the very organization of man , when He gave him existence .
To seek to go beyond this would be a great misfortune and a destructive undertaking .
( Quoted in Murray N. Rothbard , Economic Thought Before Adam Smith : An Austrian Perspective on the History of Economic Thought [ Cheltenham , U.K. : Edward Elgar , 1995 ] , vol. 1 , p. 371 )
See also de Jouvenel , Sovereignty , pp. 172–73 and 189 .
the Constitution explicitly vested Congress with the power of legislating , and the president and the Supreme Court with the powers of executing and interpreting such legislated law .
The much cherished modern view , according to which the adoption of " constitutional government " represents a major civilizational advance from arbitrary government to the rule of law and which attributes to the United States a prominent or even preeminent role in this historical breakthrough , then , must be considered seriously flawed .
This view is not only obviously contradicted by documents such as the Magna Charta ( 1215 ) or the Golden Bull ( 1356 ) but more important , it misrepresents the nature of premodern governments .
Such governments either entirely lacked the most arbitrary and tyrannical of all powers , i.e. , the power to tax and legislate without consent , or even if they did possess these powers , governments were severely restricted in exercising them because such powers were widely regarded as illegitimate , i.e. , as usurped rather than justly acquired .
In distinct contrast , modern governments are defined by the fact that the powers to tax and legislate are recognized explicitly as legitimate ; that is , all " constitutional " governments , whether in the United States or anywhere else , constitute state governments .
Robert Nisbet is thus correct in noting that
a pre-modern king may have ruled at times with a degree of irresponsibility that few modern governmental officials can enjoy , but it is doubtful whether , in terms of effective powers and services , any king of even the seventeenth - century " absolute monarchies " wielded the kind of authority that now inheres in the office of many high - ranking officials in the democracies .
There were then too many social barriers between the claimed power of the monarch and the effective execution of this power over individuals .
The very prestige and functional importance of church , family , gild , and local community as allegiances limited the absoluteness of the State 's power .
( Community and Power , pp. 103–04 )
In effect , what the American Constitution did was only this : Instead of a king who regarded colonial America as his private property and the colonists as his tenants , the Constitution put temporary and interchangeable caretakers in charge of the country 's monopoly of justice and protection .
These caretakers did not own the country , but as long as they were in office , they could make use of it and its residents to their own and their protégés ' advantage .
However , as elementary economic theory predicts , this institutional setup will not eliminate the self - interest - driven tendency of a monopolist of law and order toward increased exploitation .
To the contrary , it only tends to make his exploitation less calculating , more shortsighted , and wasteful .
As Rothbard explained ,
while a private owner , secure in his property and owning its capital value , plans the use of his resource over a long period of time , the government official must milk the property as quickly as he can , since he has no security of ownership . …
[ G] overnment officials own the use of resources but not their capital value ( except in the case of the " private property " of a hereditary monarch ) .
When only the current use can be owned , but not the resource itself , there will quickly ensue uneconomic exhaustion of the resources , since it will be to no one 's benefit to conserve it over a period of time and to every owner 's advantage to use it up as quickly as possible . …
The private individual , secure in his property and in his capital resource , can take the long view , for he wants to maintain the capital value of his resource .
It is the government official who must take and run , who must plunder the property while he is still in command .
Murray N. Rothbard , Power and Market : Government and the Economy ( Kansas City : Sheed Andrews and McMeel , 1977 ) , pp. 188–89 .
See further in chapters 1 –3 .
In light of these considerations — and in contrast to common wisdom on the matter — one reaches the same conclusion regarding the ultimate " success " of the American Revolution as H.L. Mencken , A Mencken Chrestomathy ( New York : Vintage Books , 1982 ) : Political revolutions do not often accomplish anything of genuine value ; their one undoubted effect is simply to throw out one gang of thieves and put in another .
…
Even the American colonies gained little by their revolt in 1776 .
For twenty - five years after the Revolution they were in far worse condition as free states than they would have been as colonies .
Their government was more expensive , more inefficient , more dishonest , and more tyrannical .
It was only the gradual material progress of the country that saved them from starvation and collapse , and that material progress was due , not to the virtues of their new government , but to the lavishness of nature .
Under the British hoof they would have got on as well , and probably a great deal better .
( pp. 145-46 )
Moreover , because the Constitution provided explicitly for " open entry " into state government — anyone could become a member of Congress , president , or a Supreme Court judge — resistance against state property invasions declined ; and as the result of " open political competition " the entire character structure of society became distorted , and more and more bad characters rose to the top .
Free entry and competition is not always good .
Competition in the production of goods is good , but competition in the production of bads is not .
Free competition in killing , stealing , counterfeiting , or swindling , for instance , is not good ; it is worse than bad .
Yet this is precisely what is instituted by open political competition , i.e. , democracy .
In every society , people who covet another man 's property exist , but in most cases people learn not to act on this desire or even feel ashamed for entertaining it .
In an anarchocapitalist society in particular , anyone acting on such a desire is considered a criminal and is suppressed by physical violence .
Under monarchical rule , by contrast , only one person — the king — can act on his desire for another man 's property , and it is this that makes him a potential threat .
However , because only he can expropriate while everyone else is forbidden to do likewise , a king 's every action will be regarded with utmost suspicion .
Moreover , the selection of a king is by accident of his noble birth .
His only characteristic qualification is his upbringing as a future king and preserver of the dynasty and its possessions .
This does not assure that he will not be evil , of course ; at the same time , however , it does not preclude that a king might actually be a harmless dilettante or even a decent person .
In distinct contrast , by freeing up entry into government , the Constitution permitted anyone to openly express his desire for other men's property ; indeed , owing to the constitutional guarantee of " freedom of speech , " everyone is protected in so doing .
Moreover , everyone is permitted to act on this desire , provided that he gains entry into government ; hence , under the Constitution , everyone becomes a potential threat .
To be sure , there are people who are unafflicted by the desire to enrich themselves at the expense of others and to lord it over them ; that is , there are people who wish only to work , produce , and enjoy the fruits of their labor .
However , if politics — the acquisition of goods by political means ( taxation and legislation ) — is permitted , even these harmless people will be profoundly affected .
In order to defend themselves against attacks on their liberty and property by those who have fewer moral scruples , even these honest , hardworking people must become " political animals " and spend more and more time and energy developing their political skills .
Given that the characteristics and talents required for political success — good looks , sociability , oratorical power , charisma , etc. — are distributed unequally among men , then those with these particular characteristics and skills will have a sound advantage in the competition for scarce resources ( economic success ) as compared with those without them .
Worse still , given that , in every society , more " have - nots " of everything worth having exist than " haves , " the politically talented who have little or no inhibition against taking property and lording it over others will have a clear advantage over those with such scruples .
That is , open political competition favors aggressive , hence dangerous , rather than defensive , hence harmless , political talents and will thus lead to the cultivation and perfection of the peculiar skills of demagoguery , deception , lying , opportunism , corruption , and bribery .
Therefore , entrance into and success within government will become increasingly impossible for anyone hampered by moral scruples against lying and stealing .
Unlike kings then , congressmen , presidents , and Supreme Court judges do not and cannot acquire their positions accidentally .
Rather , they reach their position because of their proficiency as morally uninhibited demagogues .
Moreover , even outside the orbit of government , within civil society , individuals will increasingly rise to the top of economic and financial success , not on account of their productive or entrepreneurial talents or even their superior defensive political talents , but rather because of their superior skills as unscrupulous political entrepreneurs and lobbyists .
Thus , the Constitution virtually assures that exclusively dangerous men will rise to the pinnacle of government power and that moral behavior and ethical standards will tend to decline and deteriorate over all .
Moreover , the constitutionally provided " separation of powers " makes no difference in this regard .
Two or even three wrongs do not make a right .
To the contrary , they lead to the proliferation , accumulation , reinforcement , and aggravation of error .
Legislators cannot impose their will on their hapless subjects without the cooperation of the president as the head of the executive branch of government , and the president in turn will use his position and the resources at his disposal to influence legislators and legislation .
And although the Supreme Court may disagree with particular acts of Congress or the president , Supreme Court judges are nominated by the president and confirmed by the Senate and remain dependent on them for funding .
As an integral part of the institution of government , they have no interest in limiting but every interest in expanding the government 's , and hence their own , power .
IV - Two Hundred Years Later …
After more than two centuries of " constitutionally limited government , " the results are clear and incontrovertible .
At the outset of the American " experiment , " the tax burden imposed on Americans was light , indeed almost negligible .
Money consisted of fixed quantities of gold and silver .
The definition of private property was clear and seemingly immutable , and the right to self - defense was regarded as sacrosanct .
No standing army existed , and , as expressed in George Washington 's Farewell Address , a firm commitment to free trade and a noninterventionist foreign policy appeared to be in place .
Two hundred years later , matters have changed dramatically .
Now , year in and year out , the American government expropriates more than 40 percent of the incomes of private producers , making even the economic burden imposed on slaves and serfs seem moderate in comparison .
Gold and silver have been replaced by government - manufactured paper money , and Americans are being robbed continually through money inflation .
The meaning of private property , once seemingly clear and fixed , has become obscure , flexible , and fluid .
In fact , every detail of private life , property , trade , and contract is regulated and re-regulated by ever - higher mountains of paper laws ( legislation ) .
With increasing legislation , ever more legal uncertainty and moral hazards have been created , and lawlessness has replaced law and order .
Last but not least , the commitment to free trade and noninterventionism has given way to a policy of protectionism , militarism , and imperialism .
In fact , almost since its beginnings the US government has engaged in relentless aggressive expansionism and , starting with the Spanish - American War and continuing past World War I and World War II to the present , the United States has become entangled in hundreds of foreign conflicts and risen to the rank of the world 's foremost warmonger and imperialist power .
In addition , while American citizens have become increasingly more defenseless , insecure , and impoverished , and foreigners all over the globe have become ever more threatened and bullied by US military power , American presidents , members of Congress , and Supreme Court judges have become ever more arrogant , morally corrupt , and dangerous .
What can possibly be done about this state of affairs ?
First , the American Constitution must be recognized for what it is — an error .
As the Declaration of Independence noted , government is supposed to protect life , property , and the pursuit of happiness .
Yet in granting government the power to tax and legislate without consent , the Constitution cannot possibly assure this goal but is instead the very instrument for invading and destroying the right to life , property , and liberty .
It is absurd to believe that an agency that may tax without consent can be a property protector .
Likewise , it is absurd to believe that an agency with legislative powers can preserve law and order .
Rather , it must be recognized that the Constitution is itself unconstitutional , i.e. , incompatible with the very doctrine of natural human rights that inspired the American Revolution .
Indeed , no one in his right mind would agree to a contract that allowed one 's alleged protector to determine unilaterally , without one 's consent , and irrevocably , without the possibility of exit , how much to charge for protection ; and no one in his right mind would agree to an irrevocable contract which granted one 's alleged protector the right to ultimate decision making regarding one 's own person and property , i.e. , of unilateral lawmaking .
Second , it is necessary to offer a positive and inspiring alternative to the present system .
While it is important that the memory of America 's past as a land of pioneers and an effective anarchocapitalist system based on self - defense and popular militias be kept alive , we cannot return to the feudal past or the time of the American Revolution .
Yet the situation is not hopeless .
Despite the relentless growth of statism over the course of the past two centuries , economic development has continued , and our living standards have reached spectacular new heights .
Under these circumstances , a completely new option has become viable : the provision of law and order by freely competing private ( profit - and - loss ) insurance agencies .
Even though hampered by the state , insurance agencies protect private property owners upon payment of a premium against a multitude of natural and social disasters , from floods and hurricanes to theft and fraud .
Thus , it would seem that the production of security and protection is the very purpose of insurance .
Moreover , people would not turn to just anyone for a service as essential as that of protection .
Rather , as de Molinari noted ,
Before striking a bargain with [ a ] producer of security … they will check if he is really strong enough to protect them … [ and ] whether his character is such that they will not have to worry about his instigating the very aggressions he is supposed to suppress .
In this regard insurance agencies also seem to fit the bill .
They are big and in command of the resources — physical and human — necessary to accomplish the task of dealing with the dangers , actual or imagined , of the real world .
Indeed , insurers operate on a national or even international scale .
They own substantial property holdings dispersed over wide territories and beyond the borders of single states and thus have a manifest self - interest in effective protection .
Furthermore , all insurance companies are connected through a complex network of contractual agreements on mutual assistance and arbitration as well as a system of international reinsurance agencies representing a combined economic power that dwarfs most if not all contemporary governments .
They have acquired this position because of their reputation as effective , reliable , and honest businesses .
While this may suffice to establish insurance agencies as a possible alternative to the role currently performed by states as providers of law and order , a more detailed examination is needed to demonstrate the principal superiority of such an alternative to the status quo .
In order to do this , it is only necessary to recognize that insurance agencies can neither tax nor legislate ; that is , the relationship between the insurer and the insured is consensual .
Both are free to cooperate or not to cooperate , and this fact has momentous implications .
In this regard , insurance agencies are categorically different from states .
The advantages of having insurance agencies provide security and protection are as follows .
First , competition among insurers for paying clients will bring about a tendency toward a continuous fall in the price of protection per insured value , thus rendering protection more affordable .
In contrast , a monopolistic protector who may tax the protected will charge ever - higher prices for his services .
Second , insurers will have to indemnify their clients in the case of actual damage ; hence , they must operate efficiently .
Regarding social disasters — crime — in particular , this means that the insurer must be concerned above all with effective prevention , for unless he can prevent a crime , he will have to pay up .
Further , if a criminal act cannot be prevented , an insurer will still want to recover the loot , apprehend the offender , and bring him to justice , because in so doing the insurer can reduce his costs and force the criminal — rather than the victim and his insurer — to pay for the damages and cost of indemnification .
In distinct contrast , because compulsory monopolist states do not indemnify victims and because they can resort to taxation as a source of funding , they have little or no incentive to prevent crime or to recover loot and capture criminals .
If they do manage to apprehend a criminal , they typically force the victim to pay for the criminal 's incarceration , thus adding insult to injury .
Third and most important , because the relationship between insurers and their clients is voluntary , insurers must accept private property as an ultimate given and private property rights as immutable law .
That is , in order to attract or retain paying clients , insurers will have to offer contracts with specified property and property damage descriptions , rules of procedure , evidence , compensation , restitution , and punishment , as well as intra- and interagency conflict resolution and arbitration procedures .
Moreover , out of the steady cooperation between different insurers in mutual interagency arbitration proceedings , a tendency toward the unification of law — of a truly universal or international law — will emerge .
Everyone , by virtue of being insured , would thus become tied into a global competitive effort to minimize conflict and aggression .
Every single conflict and damage claim , regardless of where and by or against whom , would fall into the jurisdiction of exactly one or more specific and enumerable insurance agencies and their contractually agreed - to arbitration procedures , thereby creating " perfect " legal certainty .
In striking contrast , as tax - funded monopoly protectors , states do not offer the consumers of protection anything even faintly resembling a service contract .
Instead , they operate in a contractual void that allows them to make up and change the rules of the game as they go along .
Most remarkably , whereas insurers must submit themselves to independent third - party arbitrators and arbitration proceedings in order to attract voluntary paying clients , states , insofar as they allow for arbitration at all , assign this task to another state - funded and state - dependent judge .
Further implications of this fundamental contrast between insurers as contractual versus states as noncontractual providers of security deserve special attention .
Because they are not subject to and bound by contracts , states typically outlaw the ownership of weapons by their " clients , " thus increasing their own security at the expense of rendering their alleged clients defenseless .
In contrast , no voluntary buyer of protection insurance would agree to a contract that required him to surrender his right to self - defense and be unarmed or otherwise defenseless .
To the contrary , insurance agencies would encourage the ownership of guns and other protective devices among their clients by means of selective price cuts , because the better the private protection of their clients , the lower the insurers ' protection and indemnification costs would be .
Moreover , because they operate in a contractual void and are independent of voluntary payment , states arbitrarily define and redefine what is and what is not a punishable " aggression " and what does and does not require compensation .
By imposing a proportional or progressive income tax and redistributing income from the rich to the poor , for instance , states in effect define the rich as aggressors and the poor as their victims .
( Otherwise , if the rich were not aggressors and the poor not their victims , how could taking something from the former and giving it to the latter be justified ? )
Or by passing affirmative action laws , states effectively define whites and males as aggressors and blacks and women as their victims .
For insurance agencies , any such business conduct would be impossible for two fundamental reasons .
First , all insurance involves the pooling of particular risks into risk classes .
It implies that to some of the insured , more will be paid out than what they paid in , and to others , less .
However — and this is decisive — no one knows in advance who the " winners " and who the " losers " will be .
Winners and losers — and any income redistribution among them — will be randomly distributed .
Otherwise , if winners and losers could be systematically predicted , losers would not want to pool their risk with winners but only with other losers because this would lower their insurance premium .
Second , it is not possible to insure oneself against any conceivable risk .
Rather , it is only possible to insure oneself against accidents , i.e. , risks over whose outcome the insured has no control whatsoever and to which he contributes nothing .
Thus , it is possible to insure oneself against the risk of death or fire , for instance , but it is not possible to insure oneself against the risk of committing suicide or setting one 's own house on fire .
Similarly , it is impossible to insure oneself against the risk of business failure , of unemployment , of not becoming rich , of not feeling like getting up and out of bed in the morning , or of disliking one 's neighbors , fellows or superiors , because in each of these cases one has either full or partial control over the event in question .
That is , an individual can affect the likelihood of the risk .
By their very nature , the avoidance of risks such as these falls into the realm of individual responsibility , and any agency that undertook their insurance would be slated for immediate bankruptcy .
Most significantly for the subject under discussion , the uninsurability of individual actions and sentiments ( in contradistinction to accidents ) implies that it is also impossible to insure oneself against the risk of damages that are the result of one 's prior aggression or provocation .
Rather , every insurer must restrict the actions of its clients so as to exclude all aggression and provocation on their part .
That is , any insurance against social disasters such as crime must be contingent on the insured submitting themselves to specified norms of nonaggressive , civilized , conduct .
Accordingly , while states as monopolistic protectors can engage in redistributive policies benefiting one group of people at the expense of another , and while as tax - supported agencies they can even " insure " uninsurable risks and protect provocateurs and aggressors , voluntarily funded insurers would be systematically prevented from doing any such thing .
Competition among insurers would preclude any form of income and wealth redistribution among various groups of insured , for a company engaging in such practices would lose clients to others refraining from them .
Rather , every client would pay exclusively for his own risk , respectively that of people with the same ( homogeneous ) risk exposure that he faces .
Nor would voluntarily funded insurers be able to " protect " any person from the consequences of his own erroneous , foolish , risky , or aggressive conduct or sentiment .
Competition between insurers would instead systematically encourage individual responsibility , and any known provocateur and aggressor would be excluded as a bad insurance risk from any insurance coverage whatsoever and be rendered an economically isolated , weak , and vulnerable outcast .
Finally , with regard to foreign relations , because states can externalize the costs of their own actions onto hapless taxpayers , they are permanently prone to becoming aggressors and warmongers .
Accordingly , they tend to fund and develop weapons of aggression and mass destruction .
In distinct contrast , insurers will be prevented from engaging in any form of external aggression because any aggression is costly and requires higher insurance premiums , implying the loss of clients to other , nonaggressive competitors .
Insurers will engage exclusively in defensive violence , and instead of acquiring weapons of aggression and mass destruction , they will tend to invest in the development of weapons of defense and of targeted retaliation .
V - Revolution by Means of Secession
Even though all of this is clear , how can we ever succeed in implementing such a fundamental constitutional reform ?
Insurance agencies are presently restricted by countless regulations that prevent them from doing what they could and naturally would do .
How can they be freed from these regulations ?
Essentially , the answer to this question is the same as that given by the American revolutionaries more than two hundred years ago : through the creation of free territories and by means of secession .
In fact , under today 's democratic conditions , this answer is even truer than it was in the days of kings .
For then , under monarchical conditions , the advocates of an antistatist liberal - libertarian social revolution still had an option that has since been lost .
Liberal - libertarians in the old days could — and frequently did — believe in the possibility of simply converting the king to their view , thereby initiating a " revolution from the top . "
No mass support was necessary for this — just the insight of an enlightened prince .
However realistic this might have been then , this top - down strategy of social revolution would be impossible today .
Political leaders are selected nowadays according to their demagogic talents and proven records as habitual immoralists , as has been explained above ; consequently , the chance of converting them to liberal - libertarian views must be considered even lower than that of converting a king who simply inherited his position .
Moreover , the state 's protection monopoly is now considered public rather than private property , and government rule is no longer tied to a particular individual but to specified functions exercised by anonymous functionaries .
Hence , the one - or - few - men - conversion strategy can no longer work .
It does not matter if one converts a few top government officials — the president and some leading senators or judges , for instance — because within the rules of democratic government no single individual has the power to abdicate the government 's monopoly of protection .
Kings had this power , but presidents do not .
The president can resign from his position , of course , only to have it taken over by someone else .
He cannot dissolve the governmental protection monopoly because according to the rules of democracy , " the people , " not their elected representatives , are considered the " owners " of government .
Thus , rather than by means of a top - down reform , under the current conditions , one 's strategy must be one of a bottom - up revolution .
At first , the realization of this insight would seem to make the task of a liberal - libertarian social revolution impossible , for does this not imply that one would have to persuade a majority of the public to vote for the abolition of democracy and an end to all taxes and legislation ?
And is this not sheer fantasy , given that the masses are always dull and indolent , and even more so given that democracy , as explained above , promotes moral and intellectual degeneration ?
How in the world can anyone expect that a majority of an increasingly degenerate people accustomed to the " right " to vote should ever voluntarily renounce the opportunity of looting other people 's property ?
Put this way , one must admit that the prospect of a social revolution must indeed be regarded as virtually nil .
Rather , it is only on second thought , upon regarding secession as an integral part of any bottom - up strategy , that the task of a liberal - libertarian revolution appears less than impossible , even if it still remains a daunting one .
How does secession fit into a bottom - up strategy of social revolution ?
More important , how can a secessionist movement escape the Southern Confederacy 's fate of being crushed by a tyrannical and dangerously armed central government ?
In response to these questions , it is first necessary to remember that neither the original American Revolution nor the American Constitution was the result of the will of the majority of the population .
A third of the American colonists were actually Tories , and another third were occupied with daily routines and did not care either way .
No more than a third of the colonists were actually committed to and supportive of the revolution , yet they carried the day .
And as far as the Constitution is concerned , the overwhelming majority of the American public was opposed to its adoption , and its ratification represented more of a coup d'état by a tiny minority than the general will .
All revolutions , whether good or bad , are started by minorities ; and the secessionist route toward social revolution , which necessarily involves the breaking - away of a smaller number of people from a larger one , takes explicit cognizance of this important fact .
Second , it is necessary to recognize that the ultimate power of every government — whether of kings or caretakers — rests solely on opinion and not on physical force .
The agents of government are never more than a small proportion of the total population under their control .
This implies that no government can possibly enforce its will upon the entire population unless it finds widespread support and voluntary cooperation within the nongovernmental public .
It implies likewise that every government can be brought down by a mere change in public opinion , i.e. , by the withdrawal of the public 's consent and cooperation .
And while it is undeniably true that , after more than two centuries of democracy , the American public has become so degenerate , morally and intellectually , that any such withdrawal must be considered impossible on a nationwide scale , it would not seem insurmountably difficult to win a secessionist - minded majority in sufficiently small districts or regions of the country .
In fact , given an energetic minority of intellectual elites inspired by the vision of a free society in which law and order is provided by competitive insurers , and given furthermore that — certainly in the United States , which owes its very existence to a secessionist act — secession is still held to be legitimate and in accordance with the " original " democratic ideal of self - determination ( rather than majority rule ) by a substantial number of people , there seems to be nothing unrealistic about assuming that such secessionist majorities exist or can be created at hundreds of locations all over the country .
In fact , under the rather realistic assumption that the US central government as well as the social - democratic states of the West in general are bound for economic bankruptcy ( much like the socialist people 's democracies of the East collapsed economically some years ago ) , present tendencies toward political disintegration will likely be strengthened in the future .
Accordingly , the number of potential secessionist regions will continue to rise , even beyond its current level .
Finally , the insight into the widespread and growing secessionist potential also permits an answer to the last question regarding the dangers of a central government crackdown .
While it is important in this regard that the memory of the secessionist past of the United States be kept alive , it is even more important for the success of a liberal - libertarian revolution to avoid the mistakes of the second failed attempt at secession .
Fortunately , the issue of slavery , which complicated and obscured the situation in 1861 , has been resolved .
However , another important lesson must be learned by comparing the failed second American experiment with secession to the successful first one .
The first American secession was facilitated significantly by the fact that at the center of power in Britain , public opinion concerning the secessionists was hardly unified .
In fact , many prominent British figures such as Edmund Burke and Adam Smith openly sympathized with the secessionists .
Apart from purely ideological reasons , which rarely affect more than a handful of philosophical minds , this lack of a unified opposition to the American secessionists in British public opinion can be attributed to two complementary factors .
On the one hand , a multitude of regional and cultural - religious affiliations as well as of personal and family ties between Britain and the American colonists existed .
On the other hand , the American events were considered far from home and the potential loss of the colonies as economically insignificant .
In both regards , the situation in 1861 was distinctly different .
To be sure , at the center of political power , which had shifted to the northern states by then , opposition to the secessionist Southern Confederacy was not unified , and the Confederate cause also had supporters in the North .
However , fewer cultural bonds and kinship ties existed between the American North and South than had existed between Britain and the American colonists , and the secession of the Southern Confederacy involved about half the territory and a third of the entire population of the United States and thus struck Northerners as close to home and as a significant economic loss .
Therefore , it was comparatively easier for the Northern power elite to mold a unified front of " progressive "
Yankee culture versus a culturally backward and " reactionary " Dixieland .
In light of these considerations , then , it appears strategically advisable not to attempt again what in 1861 failed so painfully — for contiguous states or even the entire South trying to break away from the tyranny of Washington , D.C .
Rather , a modern liberal - libertarian strategy of secession should take its cues from the European Middle Ages when , from about the 12th until well into the 17th century ( with the emergence of the modern central state ) , Europe was characterized by the existence of hundreds of free and independent cities , interspersed into a predominantly feudal social structure .
By choosing this model and striving to create an America punctuated by a large and increasing number of territorially disconnected free cities — a multitude of Hong Kongs , Singapores , Monacos , and Liechtensteins strewn out over the entire continent — two otherwise unattainable but central objectives can be accomplished .
First , besides recognizing the fact that the liberal - libertarian potential is distributed highly unevenly across the country , such a strategy of piecemeal withdrawal renders secession less threatening politically , socially , and economically .
Second , by pursuing this strategy simultaneously at a great number of locations all over the country , it becomes exceedingly difficult for the central state to create the unified opposition in public opinion to the secessionists that would secure the level of popular support and voluntary cooperation necessary for a successful crackdown .
If we succeed in this endeavor , if we then proceed to return all public property into appropriate private hands and adopt a new " constitution " that declares all taxation and legislation henceforth unlawful , and if we then finally allow insurance agencies to do what they are destined to do , we truly can be proud again and America will be justified in claiming to provide an example to the rest of the world .
Liverpool ’s first pre-season friendly is this Saturday against Tranmere so I thought it was a good tie to look at how the upcoming season is shaping up for Liverpool .
Last season Liverpool came in a disappointing fourth place in the Premiership 11 points behind Manchester United .
The good news for Liverpool fans was that the 11 points was a huge improvement over the 21 points that united beat Liverpool by in 2006 - 2007 .
Buy Liverpool Tickets
The problem for Liverpool last season was the 13 draws in the league .
United had 6 and the difference cost Liverpool the league .
For 2008 - 2009 it looks like Rafa has been focusing on patching up his sometimes leaky defense with new signings Phillip Degen ( right back ) and Andrea Dossena ( left back ) .
These players along with Jamie Carragher , Martin Skrtel and the fit-again Daniel Agger should make the Liverpool defense harder to penetrate .
One question for Liverpool is who will back up Reina .
As Chelsea and Man United have seen over the last two years that having as solid back - up goalkeeper is vital .
It looks like Benitez is going to go with 25 - year - old Palmeiras goalkeeper Diego Cavalieri which leaves me wondering what will happen to Scott Carson .
Carson does n’t want to be a back - up but it appears that Liverpool are over valuing him ant around 10 million pounds , making him difficult to sell .
Why Liverpool did not make him part of the Barry deal is beyond me .
In midfield the ongoing Gareth Barry saga should end soon with Barry joining Liverpool and midfielder Xabi Alonso ’s going to Juventus .
I would like to see Liverpool add at least one winger who can provide Torres with consistent quality service so it is no surprise to hear that Espanyol winger Albert Riera is on Rafa ’s wish list .
The transfer of Peter Crouch to Portsmouth for 10 million pounds is a good price of business by Liverpool but now they need to replace Crouch .
Tottenham striker Robbie Keane remains on Benitez ’s wish list as are Real Mallorca ’s Borja Valero , Real Madrid ’s Ruben De La Red and Valencia ’s David Silva .
Liverpool need two new forwards and I do n’t know if Rafa has the money to buy two quality players .
Who Liverpool can bring in up front between now and the end of the transfer window will have a big impact on their prospects this year , but at the moment Liverpool looks like they will be improved over last years team .
If you are a Liverpool fan , we have Liverpool tickets to all home and away games including Champions League .
As a child , I loved to play dress - up .
In a cupboard in our laundry room was a storage box full of feather boas , old scarves , beaded dresses and several worse - for - wear tutus , a treasure chest that provided me endless hours of entertainment .
With just a few safety pins and scarves , I could become anything I wanted to be : a butterfly , a fairy and even , on one occasion , an eggplant .
One of my friends once hypothesized that my love for playing dress - up never died , it simply evolved into my love for shopping for clothes .
She was right — there is something wonderfully childlike about trying on a beautiful dress you know you can't afford and imagining yourself , just for a moment , as a princess or a movie star .
As most of my shopping trips these days are for work clothes , I 've had to start imagining myself as a CEO when I ’m in the changing rooms instead , which can be just as exciting but involves significantly fewer tiaras .
Sometimes , shopping becomes a competitive sport :
My friend Kira and I found ourselves in a vintage store a few weeks ago and played an intense round of “ Ugliest Dress Wins . ”
The competition was stiff , but I won with what appeared to be a dance costume–purple , green and pink beaded spandex .
On second thought , there ’s a good chance it was n’t a dance costume at all–it could just as easily have been a 1980s prom dress .
While I do love to shop for clothes , shopping for books is a real passion .
I wander around a bookstore with a notepad and pen , adding titles onto my ever - growing “ To Buy and Read ” list .
I flip through a book and think , " I should get this for [ insert family member or friend here ] . ”
And although I still get a thrill from rushing home to wear a newly purchased dress , it ’s better with a new book .
I have fallen head over heels for my local bookstore , which puts sale books out on two huge tables every day and leaves them out late into the night .
I have learned to leave myself an extra five or 10 minutes whenever I ’m leaving to walk past it , which I rarely manage to do without stopping to browse .
So last week , when a friend was running late , and called to tell me just as I was walking past a Barnes & Noble , the timing could not have been better .
Once inside , it was n’t long before I had a “ To Buy for Dad ” list several titles long .
I was browsing through the nonfiction section when I came across a cover that screamed , in big , bright pink letters , “ Math Does n’t Suck . "
[ Readers may recognize author Danica McKellar as Winnie from The Wonder Years . - ed. ]
Aside from the fact that , as someone who truly struggled through high school math and college statistics , I was intrigued by a math book that , judging by the pink lettering , was clearly aimed at young women .
Intrigue turned to disgust , however , when I read the subtitle : “ How to Survive Middle - School Math Without Losing Your Mind or Breaking a Nail . ”
The book cover was laid out like a teen magazine ; in addition to advertising the “ Are You a Math - o - phobe ? ” quiz , it also offered horoscopes and love advice .
“ Oh god , ” I thought , and furiously began taking notes for my next column , which would start something like this : “ Girls suck at math .
You know what we do n’t suck at , though ?
Painting our nails and generally looking pretty , and god forbid we should stop doing that for even a second as we , oh I do n’t know , try to get into college … ”
And so it went , until I got on the book ’s website and did a bit of research .
I was ready to be as offended by the site as I had been by the book , so imagine my surprise when , amongst the girly , curlicue , pretend - handwriting font and cutesy cartoons , there was a quiz which asked “ Do You Hide Your Smarts ? ”
Its central message was that young women should embrace their intelligence and “ be true to themselves ” by refusing to act dumber than they are .
It advised , “ You may feel tempted to dumb yourself down sometimes to make someone else feel better about themselves … especially guys .
But this is dangerous !
It 's one thing to be considerate , it 's another thing entirely to sell yourself short . ”
I ’ll admit I was pretty damn impressed .
If you can look past the magazine - style layout , the blindingly bright pink writing and the reminders to look pretty while you ’re solving for x , the basic message of this book is that despite the stereotypes , there ’s no reason girls ca n’t be good at math , and no reason to hide it if they are .
I had jumped to conclusions about a book that , its publishers knew , could n’t sell without buying in to the idea that girls should be primped and polished ( it ’s sad , but true ) .
But it also encourages them to improve their intellectual abilities , and to be proud of them .
And that really does n’t suck .
I know the comments in the April 2008 issue were n’t a review of my recent book Surprised by Hope , but if the more freewheeling nature of Father Richard John Neuhaus ’ column in First Things is used as an excuse for serious misrepresentation , then it is time to protest .
Since I happened to be in New York shortly after receiving the issue , I contacted Neuhaus , and he graciously took me to me lunch .
I told him a story I heard from a German professor , about a scholar who wrote scathing reviews of his colleagues ’ work , then started going to conferences and met the people he was reviewing and discovered he really liked them ” so he stopped going to conferences .
I do n’t want to go that route .
Most of what I say here I have now said to Neuhaus in person .
I hope this give - and - take is part of what robust friendship , and indeed fellowship in the gospel of Jesus Christ , is all about .
Errors abound in Neuhaus ’ discussion of Surprised by Hope .
I do not “ heap scorn ” on centuries of Christian piety .
I do not claim that I am the first person since the New Testament and the early Fathers to take the thoroughly orthodox view that I do ; many Orthodox and Reformed theologians of the last centuries have expounded a similar view .
And , despite Neuhaus ’ suggestion that I think myself superior to the Angelic Doctor , it is substantially Thomas Aquinas ’ view of the Resurrection to which I suggest the Church should return .
The views I attempt to controvert are , in terms of overall Christian tradition , comparatively modern and mainly Western .
Second , there is no “ pervasive edge of anti-Catholicism ” in the book , which is in no sense a denominational polemic .
Most of my main targets are in my own church .
( Does that make me “ anti-Anglican ” ? )
In the quest to speak clearly about eschatology , classic Roman Catholicism is a friend and ally .
Among my greatest encouragers has been Gerry O’Collins , formerly of the Gregorian University .
When I taught there as a happy guest six years ago , including being introduced to the man Neuhaus calls “ John Paul the Great , ” I do n’t think anyone would have noticed the slightest tinge of anti-Catholicism .
Indeed , some of my Reformed critics regularly accuse me of being far too friendly to Rome , but that is another story .
More poignantly , on my last visit to a dear but sick friend , before his untimely death , I found him reading Surprised by Hope , and he professed himself delighted .
He was Kevin Dunn , my “ opposite number ” and occasional golf partner , the late Roman Catholic bishop of Hexham and Newcastle .
Nor was I “ refuting Catholic ecclesiology ” when I quoted Douglas Farrow ” and neither was I ignorant of the fact that Doug , a good friend these past twenty years , has recently converted to Roman Catholicism .
Doug was rightly attacking a particular form of ecclesial triumphalism , which occurs in many traditions , including some parts of Catholic tradition at some , not all , periods in history ” but also occurring , particularly , in various types of liberal Protestantism .
In any case , that part of the book was hardly central or particularly load - bearing for the whole .
More important , I was not attempting to claim that the present pope was coming round to my way of thinking or that I was offering him “ tutelage . ”
I was merely noting , as anyone familiar with Cardinal Ratzinger ’s work surely knows , that in his 1977 book Eschatology , he offers a remarkable account of purgatory in terms of the fire spoken of in 1 Corinthians 3 and states that this fire , which is a metaphor for the all - consuming meeting with Christ himself , “ cannot be quantified by the measurements of earthly time . ”
This is a careful and explicit rejection of some aspects of what some Roman Catholics had sometimes taught in earlier times ” just as he refers to “ what were in part objectionable and deformed practices , ” presumably meaning the sale of indulgences and the like .
In other words , Ratzinger was arguing , long before I started writing on this subject , ( a ) that traditional expressions of purgatory in terms of a linear , temporal progression are mistaken ; ( b ) that at or after death the redeemed person meets with Christ in a moment of fiery judgment that burns away all the dross , and that this is what the traditional language of “ purgatory ” is attempting to refer to ; and ( c ) that the Reformers were right to react against some practices that had grown up around the doctrine as some people taught and perceived it at the time .
All I was doing was hailing this fine piece of work by a great Roman theologian of our day .
As for suggesting that I would do well to consult the pope ’s new encyclical , Spe Salvi , and what it says about purgatory ” well , Neuhaus should himself read not only what the encyclical says about purgatory ( since it repeats exactly the argument Ratzinger had made thirty years earlier ) but also my grateful comments on that encyclical in The Tablet last December .
Do your homework , Neuhaus , I wanted to say again and again .
Why should Neuhaus imagine such unseemly and pervasive anti-Catholicism ?
He thinks it is because I “ must justify [ my ] separation from the centering authority of the ancient Church . ”
How bizarre .
Of course , I know that many people brought up in the Germanic world , presented with a stark choice between a very Protestant ( and latterly existentialist ) Lutheranism and a traditional Catholicism , found themselves facing that sort of question .
As Neuhaus said to me over lunch recently , many good Lutherans are taught to remind themselves every day why they are not Roman Catholics .
Very few people brought up in England ever think of things in that way , since the Anglican tradition has always claimed ( sometimes , granted , with more credibility than others ) to embrace both Protestant and Catholic streams .
It can not be , of course , that Neuhaus is projecting his own experience on to me .
He , after all , believes in objective truth , not in perspectival postmodernism .
But there you are .
Oh , and the “ centering authority ” in the most ancient church was of course Jerusalem ; and then the five great sees , working together ; and only gradually , and for a long time controversially , Rome .
But that ’s another story .
Three more refutations to go .
First , we are told that the vision of new heavens and new earth , with God ’s people raised from the dead to live in and reign over this wonderful new world , is “ more suggestive of Joseph Smith than St Paul . ”
But has Neuhaus read the Book of Revelation recently ?
Or studied Romans 8:18 - 26 ?
Or Isaiah 11 ?
Or Ephesians 1 or Colossians 1 ?
I suspect that one of the reasons the Mormons were able to gain credence for their very concrete eschatological expectation was that the Western Protestant church , precisely at that period , was eliminating the ancient concrete eschatological expectation .
Citing 1 Corinthians 15 as though it told against my argument is absurd .
It is a cornerstone .
The “ beatific vision ” is , of course , contained within the vision of the New Jerusalem in Revelation 22:4 .
But ” and this is very important ” to focus on that ineffably glorious final reality could be to miss , as much of the Western tradition ( both Catholic and Protestant ) has done , the central point of biblical eschatology and soteriology , which is that humans are saved not for their own sake but so that , through them , the creator God can fulfill at last his salvific purposes for the whole creation .
This is not unrelated to the political point to which I shall come in a moment .
Second , Neuhaus picks up my comment about the dying brigand to whom Jesus declared , “ today you will be with me in Paradise , ” and ( a ) misreads what I say , ( b ) accuses me of supposing that my exegesis is a fresh insight not granted to earlier writers , and ( c ) accuses me of being a fundamentalistic literalist .
The point , as many exegetes , ancient and modern , have seen , is not that Jesus is n’t in heaven until after the resurrection .
That suggests that Neuhaus has not been attending fully to the entire argument of my book ( not to mention Luke ’s ) .
“ Heaven ” ( or , in this case , “ paradise ” ) refers to the intermediate state prior to resurrection .
That is obvious from the surface of Luke ’s text .
What is less obvious but well known to careful readers of Luke ancient and modern ( in other words , I never supposed that this was a new idea suddenly vouchsafed to me ) is that the word today is emphatic , echoing Luke 4:21 and 19:9 , and provides the surprising answer to the brigand ’s poignant request ( “ remember me when you come in your kingdom ” ) , which clearly referred to a time far off in the future .
To draw attention to all this , partly in reply to the question I am often asked about “ what then happens when we die , ” has nothing to do with fundamentalism or indeed literalism , and everything to do with close attention to the text .
Third , I suspect that the real fault of Surprised by Hope , in the eyes of Neuhaus and some others , is the political stance that I have taken in the last section of the book .
Far be it from me to suggest that Neuhaus finds himself forced to justify his separation from the great , and deeply Catholic , tradition of serving the poor above all else .
It is one thing to throw mud at me , or indeed at Archbishop Rowan Williams , for “ im promptu punditry on publicly disputed questions without benefit of serious thought , ” and quite another to make such a ridiculous charge stick .
How many times does one have to say that to criticize some policies of some Americans is not to be anti-American , just as to criticize many policies of my own government , as I do , does not make me anti-British ?
Yes , of course there are other global problems besides simply debt .
I acknowledge that in the book .
( It wo n’t do , for fairly obvious reasons , to cite Zimbabwe as a counter - example , a country where debt is not the most pressing problem .
There are always particular and special local cases . )
Yes , of course there is corruption and tribalism in some parts of Africa ” and elsewhere .
But these problems have been exacerbated precisely by the relentless profiteering of Western banks and other financial institutions .
When I mentioned Friedrich Hayek , it was because various people have insisted that I should turn to him to discover how wrongheaded it is to give aid to poor or starving people .
My point about reading him in a comfortable chair in North America was that there is a vast credibility gap between those lofty right - wing ideals and the realities of squalor and poverty , especially when there is a traceable connection between the two .
What about Matthew 25 ?
And ” another piece of careless disregard for facts ” Neuhaus offers as a put - down the remark that “ the last time he checked , the accommodations at Durham Cathedral were very comfortable indeed . ”
Guess what : I do n’t live at , or even near , Durham Cathedral .
And I share my ancient house with my private office , with the Diocesan headquarters , and with a few large public rooms let out to offset costs .
The point , anyway , was not where one lives but the difference between comfortable theorizing about economics and doing something for the poor .
Imagine the parable of the Good Samaritan : “ Along came an economist , but he , having read Hayek , knew that to help the man in the ditch was only a short - term solution that would encourage a culture of dependency , so he passed by on the other side . ”
Moreover ” to pick up another remarkably ill - informed point ” priests and bishops in England at least ( I ca n’t speak for Europe ) do not have time on their hands .
I have 250 parishes in my diocese , including some of the poorest and most densely populated parts of England .
And we English Anglicans do n’t count our parishioners by the numbers that come through the church door but by the total population , all of whom we are called to serve .
Happily , that includes many Roman Catholics , who are not at all affected by the kind of polemical attitudes that Neuhaus demonstrates but are relaxed about regarding me as their bishop in some extended but still quite real sense .
( When I led the intercessions at the installation of the late and dear Bishop Kevin , whom I mentioned above , he insisted that he and I walk out side by side in the closing procession . )
What saddened me about all this , and led me to seek out Neuhaus for lunch and say most of this to him face to face , is that one might have thought the days were long past when knee - jerk anti-Anglicanism would lead to this kind of misreading and misrepresentation .
And I had thought that First Things was the kind of journal where prejudice , and a kind of sneering tone of voice , would be ruled out and clear , well - informed comment would prevail .
Interestingly , when people lapse into postmodern - style spin , their remarks tend to rebound on their own heads .
“ Impromptu punditry on publicly disputed questions without benefit of careful thought , ” eh ? “ Rambling , convoluted reflection ? ”
Look in the mirror , Father Neuhaus .
And thanks for the lunch .
N.T. Wright
Bishop of Durham
Durham , England
RJN replies :
Bishop N.T. Wright offers an extended and spirited , if somewhat overheated , reaction to my comments in the April issue on his book Surprised by Hope .
To understand all the issues involved , you might want to read again those comments and the book itself .
It would be tedious to respond to every issue the bishop raises , but a few observations might be in order .
Let me say again how much I appreciate his work as a New Testament scholar and , most particularly , his book The Resurrection of the Son of God .
Like Bishop
Wright , I have long urged a recovery of the eschatological and cosmic dimensions of Christian hope in the Church ’s teaching , preaching , and liturgical practice .
On that we are in wholehearted agreement .
He protests my use of the term anti-Catholic .
I perhaps should have said that in this book and in other writings he exhibits a pronounced edginess about what he views as the illegitimate claim to authority by the Church ’s teaching office .
The invitation to walk in the procession was a commendable courtesy on the part of the Catholic bishop .
As for Our Lord ’s words to the repentant thief , I am afraid the interpretation in his book does reflect an excessive literalism , if not fundamentalism , that underestimates the limitations in our understanding of matters that transcend the continuum of space and time .
In his response , Bishop Wright greatly softens his book ’s statements on the doctrine of purgatory and the discontinuity with that teaching in the writings of Joseph Ratzinger .
On the latter , he writes in the book that this is “ a quite radical climb - down from Aquinas , Dante , Newman , and all that went in between . ”
That would be about six hundred years of teaching and piety that I said Wright treats mockingly .
Perhaps I should have said derisively , but I do n’t think I can climb down farther than that .
I confess that I missed his short essay on the encyclical Spe Salvi in The Tablet .
I have now read what he describes as his “ grateful comments ” on the encyclical and note that , along with words of appreciation , there is this : “ I looked in vain for the positive exposition of God ’s kingdom which could offer a genuine vision for the renewal of life within this world as well as beyond it . ”
It is a pity that he did not look more carefully .
With respect to concern for the poor , Wright again makes the unseemly suggestion that his concern is greater than that of the disciples of Friedrich Hayek .
I hold no brief for Hayek , but the bishop apparently missed the many issues of First Things addressing questions of global development , most recently the three - part series on Paul Collier ’s much - discussed book The Bottom Billion .
He tells me he has not heard of it .
Finally , my chief complaint about Surprised by Hope was and is that , in its admirable advocacy of a re covery of the eschatological , it caricatures and derides centuries of Christian thought and piety , including the thought and piety of almost all Christians today , with respect to their understanding of eternal life .
A cosmic and eschatological corrective is needed , but I believe it will only be effective if presented as a development , and not as a severe rupture , in the Church ’s faith and life .
I , too , trust that this exchange with Bishop Wright will be understood within the context of “ robust friendship and indeed fellowship in the gospel of Jesus Christ . ”
Operations outside the knowledge and control of commanders have eroded “ the coherence of military strategy , ” one general says .
Illustration by Guy Billout
L ate last year , Congress agreed to a request from President Bush to fund a major escalation of covert operations against Iran , according to current and former military , intelligence , and congressional sources .
These operations , for which the President sought up to four hundred million dollars , were described in a Presidential Finding signed by Bush , and are designed to destabilize the country ’s religious leadership .
The covert activities involve support of the minority Ahwazi Arab and Baluchi groups and other dissident organizations .
They also include gathering intelligence about Iran ’s suspected nuclear - weapons program .
Clandestine operations against Iran are not new .
United States Special Operations Forces have been conducting cross - border operations from southern Iraq , with Presidential authorization , since last year .
These have included seizing members of Al Quds , the commando arm of the Iranian Revolutionary Guard , and taking them to Iraq for interrogation , and the pursuit of “ high - value targets ” in the President ’s war on terror , who may be captured or killed .
But the scale and the scope of the operations in Iran , which involve the Central Intelligence Agency and the Joint Special Operations Command ( JSOC ) , have now been significantly expanded , according to the current and former officials .
Many of these activities are not specified in the new Finding , and some congressional leaders have had serious questions about their nature .
Under federal law , a Presidential Finding , which is highly classified , must be issued when a covert intelligence operation gets under way and , at a minimum , must be made known to Democratic and Republican leaders in the House and the Senate and to the ranking members of their respective intelligence committees — the so - called Gang of Eight .
Money for the operation can then be reprogrammed from previous appropriations , as needed , by the relevant congressional committees , which also can be briefed .
“ The Finding was focussed on undermining Iran ’s nuclear ambitions and trying to undermine the government through regime change , ” a person familiar with its contents said , and involved “ working with opposition groups and passing money . ”
The Finding provided for a whole new range of activities in southern Iran and in the areas , in the east , where Baluchi political opposition is strong , he said .
Although some legislators were troubled by aspects of the Finding , and “ there was a significant amount of high - level discussion ” about it , according to the source familiar with it , the funding for the escalation was approved .
In other words , some members of the Democratic leadership — Congress has been under Democratic control since the 2006 elections — were willing , in secret , to go along with the Administration in expanding covert activities directed at Iran , while the Party ’s presumptive candidate for President , Barack Obama , has said that he favors direct talks and diplomacy .
The request for funding came in the same period in which the Administration was coming to terms with a National Intelligence Estimate , released in December , that concluded that Iran had halted its work on nuclear weapons in 2003 .
The Administration downplayed the significance of the N.I.E. , and , while saying that it was committed to diplomacy , continued to emphasize that urgent action was essential to counter the Iranian nuclear threat .
President Bush questioned the N.I.E. ’s conclusions , and senior national - security officials , including Secretary of Defense Robert Gates and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , made similar statements .
( So did Senator John McCain , the presumptive Republican Presidential nominee . )
Meanwhile , the Administration also revived charges that the Iranian leadership has been involved in the killing of American soldiers in Iraq : both directly , by dispatching commando units into Iraq , and indirectly , by supplying materials used for roadside bombs and other lethal goods .
( There have been questions about the accuracy of the claims ; the Times , among others , has reported that “ significant uncertainties remain about the extent of that involvement . ” )
Military and civilian leaders in the Pentagon share the White House ’s concern about Iran ’s nuclear ambitions , but there is disagreement about whether a military strike is the right solution .
Some Pentagon officials believe , as they have let Congress and the media know , that bombing Iran is not a viable response to the nuclear - proliferation issue , and that more diplomacy is necessary .
A Democratic senator told me that , late last year , in an off - the - record lunch meeting , Secretary of Defense Gates met with the Democratic caucus in the Senate .
( Such meetings are held regularly . )
Gates warned of the consequences if the Bush Administration staged a preëmptive strike on Iran , saying , as the senator recalled , “ We ’ll create generations of jihadists , and our grandchildren will be battling our enemies here in America . ”
Gates ’s comments stunned the Democrats at the lunch , and another senator asked whether Gates was speaking for Bush and Vice - President Dick Cheney .
Gates ’s answer , the senator told me , was “ Let ’s just say that I ’m here speaking for myself . ”
( A spokesman for Gates confirmed that he discussed the consequences of a strike at the meeting , but would not address what he said , other than to dispute the senator ’s characterization . )
The Joint Chiefs of Staff , whose chairman is Admiral Mike Mullen , were “ pushing back very hard ” against White House pressure to undertake a military strike against Iran , the person familiar with the Finding told me .
Similarly , a Pentagon consultant who is involved in the war on terror said that “ at least ten senior flag and general officers , including combatant commanders ” — the four - star officers who direct military operations around the world — “ have weighed in on that issue . ”
The most outspoken of those officers is Admiral William Fallon , who until recently was the head of U.S. Central Command , and thus in charge of American forces in Iraq and Afghanistan .
In March , Fallon resigned under pressure , after giving a series of interviews stating his reservations about an armed attack on Iran .
For example , late last year he told the Financial Times that the “ real objective ” of U.S. policy was to change the Iranians ’ behavior , and that “ attacking them as a means to get to that spot strikes me as being not the first choice . ”
Admiral Fallon acknowledged , when I spoke to him in June , that he had heard that there were people in the White House who were upset by his public statements .
“ Too many people believe you have to be either for or against the Iranians , ” he told me .
“ Let ’s get serious .
Eighty million people live there , and everyone ’s an individual .
The idea that they ’re only one way or another is nonsense . ”
When it came to the Iraq war , Fallon said , “ Did I bitch about some of the things that were being proposed ?
You bet .
Some of them were very stupid . ”
The Democratic leadership ’s agreement to commit hundreds of millions of dollars for more secret operations in Iran was remarkable , given the general concerns of officials like Gates , Fallon , and many others .
“ The oversight process has not kept pace — it ’s been coöpted ” by the Administration , the person familiar with the contents of the Finding said .
“ The process is broken , and this is dangerous stuff we ’re authorizing . ”
Senior Democrats in Congress told me that they had concerns about the possibility that their understanding of what the new operations entail differs from the White House’s .
One issue has to do with a reference in the Finding , the person familiar with it recalled , to potential defensive lethal action by U.S. operatives in Iran .
( In early May , the journalist Andrew Cockburn published elements of the Finding in Counterpunch , a newsletter and online magazine . )
I love this map of middle - east history converted into blots spilling out along a timeline .
It ’s like a bunch of different flavors of Hawaiian Punch getting spilled on a rug of the Middle East by drunk ten - year - olds who spiked the birthday party dixie cups with dad ’s Old Crow .
Of course the biggest and best spill is the Mongols , who took so much of Eurasia they have to pan back from Saladin ’s puny lime - green stain to show it starting way over in the Baikal .
Too bad they made the Mongol stain pink .
That is n’t right .
But just watch it pouring into Syria and remind yourself , “ If it had n’t been for Ain Jalut , and those dumb Crusaders siding with the Muslims over the ultra-cool Mongols , that pink stain would n’t have stopped until the goddamn Algonquins were paying tribute to the Khans .
New competition for sovereign nations
Until the 1960s , Europe had few commercial radio stations .
Broadcasting was a government monopoly in many European countries , and listening options were limited to a few staid government stations such as the BBC .
But as Erwin Strauss tells it , that changed when enterprising " pirate radio " ships began dropping anchor off the shores of European countries and blasting the latest pop music in violation of those countries ' laws .
The governments were not amused , but because the ships were in international waters , there was little they could do .
Most European governments began refusing the pirate radio ships access to their harbors , but the ships were able to find harbor elsewhere .
European governments finally succeeded in shutting down the pirate radio stations in the late 1960s by passing laws prohibiting their subjects from doing business with the broadcasters — including purchasing advertising from them .
But the episode created a political constituency for private radio stations and the broadcast of more pop music .
In the UK , for example , private , commercial radio broadcasting was finally legalized in the early 1970s .
History has many examples of hierarchical institutions being disrupted by technological advances .
The invention of the printing press helped undermine the authority of the Catholic Church .
Today , the Internet is undermining traditional copyright industries .
An audacious new project aims to achieve a similar result by creating new competition for the world 's sovereign nations .
The Seasteading Institute , the brainchild of two Silicon Valley software developers , aims to develop self - sufficient deep - sea platforms that would empower individuals to break free of the cozy cartel of 190 - odd world governments and start their own autonomous societies .
They envision a future in which any group of people dissatisfied with its current government would be able to start a new one by purchasing some floating platforms — called seasteads — and build a new community in the open ocean .
History is littered with utopian schemes that petered out after an initial burst of enthusiasm , something the Seasteading Institute 's founders readily acknowledge .
Indeed , they chronicle these failures in depressing detail on their website .
With names like the Freedom Ship , the Aquarius Project , and Laissez - Faire City , most of these projects accomplished little more than receiving a burst of publicity ( and in some cases , raising funds that were squandered ) before collapsing under the weight of their inflated expectations .
There are many reasons to doubt that the Seasteading Institute will realize its vision of floating cities in the sea ; but there are at least two reasons to think that seasteading may prove to be more successful than past efforts to escape the grasp of the world 's governments .
First , the project 's planners are pragmatic — at least by the standards of their predecessors — pursuing an incrementalist strategy and focusing primarily on solving short - term engineering problems .
Second , they recently announced a half - million dollar pledge from PayPal co-founder Peter Thiel , giving them the resources to begin serious engineering and design work .
While there are many obstacles to be overcome before they will have even a functioning prototype — to say nothing of a floating metropolis — their project does n't seem as obviously hopeless as most of the efforts that have preceded it .
Ars talked to Seasteading Institute co-founder Patri Friedman about the seasteading project and the engineering and political problems it will face .
Dynamic geography
Friedman describes himself as an " enthusiastic libertarian , " a description that would fit Thiel as well .
Their libertarian convictions are a major source of inspiration for the seasteading project .
Frustrated with the size and intrusiveness of existing governments , they view the sea as a frontier that will allow people more freedom to experiment with different ways of organizing human societies .
They depict government as an industry that suffers from unreasonably high barriers to entry .
At present , experimenting with a new form of government requires winning an election or starting a revolution , prohibitively expensive options for small groups .
As a result , they argue , even democratic governments are insufficiently responsive to their customers , the voters .
The seasteaders seek to lower barriers to entry in the government business in order to create more competition and choice .
While his own convictions run in a libertarian direction , Friedman is quick to emphasize that the core value of seasteading is the diversity it would allow .
Not all seasteading communities would be libertarian .
For example , some seasteads might be founded by environmentalists interested in more sustainable lifestyles .
Others might be owned by religious communities seeking to separate themselves from the broader society .
Still others might be founded as egalitarian workers ' communes .
A key advantage of seasteads is what Friedman calls " dynamic geography , " the fact that any given seasteading unit is free to join or leave larger units within seasteading communities .
Seasteading platforms would likely band together to provide common services like police protection , but with the key difference that any platform that was dissatisfied with the value it was receiving from such jurisdictions could leave them at any time .
He argues that this would " move power downward , " giving smaller units within society greater leverage to ensure the interests of their members are being served .
Securing and Hardening Red Hat Linux Production Systems
A Practical Guide to Basic Linux Security in Production Enterprise Environments
This article is a practical step - by - step guide for securing Linux production systems .
It discusses basic Linux Security requirements for systems that need to pass various audits in an enterprise environment .
If you work on a corporate Linux Security Standard , or if you do Sarbanes - Oxley Act ( SOX ) or Statement on Auditing Standards No. 70 ( SAS 70 ) related work , then this article should provide you a good baseline .
su
DiskSanitizer
DiskSanitizer
/
/ boot
/usr
/ var
/tmp
/home
/ var
/tmp
/ opt
iptables
iptables
iptables
rpm - qa
rpm - qi < package_name >
rpm -e -- test < package_name >
# netstat - tulp Active Internet connections ( only servers ) Proto Recv - Q Send - Q Local Address Foreign Address State PID / Program name tcp 0 0 *:auth *:* LISTEN 2328 / xinetd tcp 0 0 localhost.localdomain:smtp
*:* LISTEN 2360 / sendmail : acce tcp 0 0 *:ssh *:* LISTEN 2317/sshd
xinetd
sendmail
sshd
sendmail
# nmap - sTU < remote_host >
Starting nmap 3.70 ( http://www.insecure.org/nmap/ ) at 2004-12-10 22:51 CST
Interesting ports on jupitor ( 172.16.0.1 ) : ( The 3131 ports scanned but not shown below are in state : closed ) PORT STATE SERVICE 22/tcp open ssh 113/tcp open auth Nmap run completed -- 1 IP address ( 1 host up ) scanned in 221.669 seconds #
nmap
- U
nmap
nmap
xinetd
auth
sendmail
lsof
# lsof - i -n | egrep ' COMMAND|LISTEN|UDP ' COMMAND PID USER FD TYPE DEVICE SIZE NODE NAME sshd 2317 root 3u IPv6 6579 TCP *: ssh ( LISTEN ) xinetd 2328 root 5u IP v4 6698 TCP *: auth ( LISTEN ) sendmail 2360 root 3u IPv4 6729 TCP 127.0.0.1:smtp ( LISTEN ) #
chkconfig -- list |grep on
kudzu
gpm needed if you want to use the mouse at the console kudzu important for detecting new hardware syslog important for syslog services netfs needed only if there are NFS shares that should be mounted at boot time network important for starting network interfaces ( e.g. eth0 , eth1 , bonding , ... ) random used for the system entropy pool atd needed if the at ( 1 ) service is used instead of cron apmd Advanced Power Management ( APM ) daemon is used for laptops and some desktops isdn needed if ISDN is being used iptables needed if Netfilter ( iptables )
Firewall is being used ip6tables needed if ip6tables Firewall is being used pcmcia not needed on servers - needed for laptops irqbalance important for distributing interrupts across all CPUs sendmail needed if Sendmail is used - Procmail should be used which is more secure autofs needed if automounter is used - production applications should not be dependent on automounter sshd important for logins via SSH portmap needed if e.g.
NFS is being used nfslock needed if NFS shares are mounted nfs needed if server runs the NFS server mdmonitor needed only if software RAID is being used crond important for running cron jobs xinetd needed if xinetd services are being used , see /etc / xinetd.d/ for list of services cups needed if CUPS is used for the printing system rhnsd needed if server should connect to RHN to check for software updates etc. sysstat needed to reset system statistics logs audit needed only if Linux Audit Subsystem ( LAuS ) should run for collecting system call audit records psacct needed only if kernel process accounting information is needed smartd important for monitoring disk problems if hard disks support SMART technology netdump important if kernel oops data and memory dumps should be sent to a Netdump server for server crashes
/etc/init.d
atd
/etc/init.d
atd
atd
daemon /usr / sbin/ atd
atd
atd
man atd
nfs
chkconfig nfs off
nfs
/etc/init.d/nfs stop
xinetd
inetd
/etc/xinetd.d
xinetd
# chkconfig -- list xinetd xinetd 0 :off 1:off 2:off 3:on 4:on 5 :on 6:off # /etc/init.d/ xinetd status xinetd ( pid 2619 ) is running ... #
xinetd
xinetd
/etc/xinetd.d
xinetd
# chkconfig -- list | awk ' / xinetd based services / , / " " / ' xinetd based services : krb5 - telnet : off rsync : off eklogin : off gssftp : off klogin : off chargen - udp : off kshell : off auth : on chargen : off daytime - udp : off daytime : off echo-udp : off echo : off services : off time : off time - udp : off cups - lpd : off #
xinetd
# chkconfig -- list | awk ' / xinetd based services / , / " " / ' | grep -v off xinetd based services : auth : on #
telnet - server
telnet - server
telnet
telnet
# chkconfig -- list telnet telnet on # cat / etc / xinetd.d/ telnet | grep disable disable = no # chkconfig telnet off # chkconfig -- list telnet telnet off # cat / etc / xinetd.d / telnet | grep disable disable = yes #
telnet
# rpm -e telnet - server
xinetd
auth
# grep " server " /etc/xinetd.d/ auth server = /usr / sbin/in.authd server_args = - t60 -- xerror -- os -E # man in.auth
No manual entry for in.auth # rpm - qf /usr / sbin/in.authd authd - 1.4.1-1.rhel3 # rpm - qi authd - 1.4.1-1.rhel3 | awk ' / Description / , / " " / ' Description : authd is a small and fast RFC 1413 ident protocol daemon with both xinetd server and interactive modes that supports IPv6 and IP v4 as well as the more popular features of pidentd .
# rpm -ql authd - 1.4.1-1.rhel3
/etc/ident.key
/etc/xinetd.d/auth /usr/sbin/in.authd /usr/share/doc/authd-1.4.1 /usr/share/doc/authd-1.4.1/COPYING
/usr / share / doc/authd-1.4.1/README.html
/usr/share/doc/authd-1.4.1/rfc1413.txt
/usr/share/locale/ja/LC_MESSAGES/authd.mo #
in.authd
xinetd
auth
auth
# chkconfig auth off
xinetd
/etc/inittab
/etc/inittab
# sed - i 's/ca::ctrlaltdel:/#ca::ctrlaltdel:/g'
# grep ': initdefault '
/etc/inittab id:3:initdefault : #
/etc/inittab
# init q
/etc/rc.local
/etc/rc.local
/etc/rc.d/rc.local
/etc/rc.d/rc.local
/etc/hosts.allow
/etc/hosts.deny
hosts.allow
hosts.deny
/etc/hosts.deny
ALL : ALL
/etc/hosts.allow
sshd : rac1cluster rac2cluster rac3cluster
/etc/hosts.allow
sshd : rac1cluster rac2cluster rac3cluster .subnet.example.com
/etc/hosts.allow
portmap : 192.168.0.1 192.168.5 .
.subnet.example.com
cracker.subnet.example.com
/etc/hosts.allow
ALL : .subnet.example.com
EXCEPT cracker.subnet.example.com
/etc/hosts.deny
/etc/hosts.allow
sshd : rac1cluster rac2cluster rac3cluster sshd : ALL : DENY
/etc/hosts.allow
sshd : ALL : spawn echo " Login from %c to %s " | mail -s " Login Info for %s " log@loghost
man 5 hosts_access
xinetd
xinetd
telnet
rlogin
rsh
/etc/ssh/sshd_config
root
PermitRootLogin no
UsePrivilegeSeparation yes
Protocol 2
AllowTcpForwarding no X11 Forwarding no
StrictModes
~/.ssh
~/.ssh/authorized_keys
StrictModes yes
IgnoreRhosts yes HostbasedAuthentication no RhostsRSAAuthentication no
sftp
# Subsystem sftp /usr/lib/misc/sftp-server
sshd
/etc/init.d/ sshd restart
# alternatives -- set mta /usr/sbin/sendmail.postfix
/etc/postfix/main.cf
mydestination = $ myhostname , localhost .
$ mydomain , localhost inet_interfaces = localhost
mydestination
inet_interfaces
# /etc/init.d/ postfix restart
# nmap - sT -p 25 < remode_node > # telnet < remote_node > 25
sendmail.cf
/etc/mail/sendmail.cf
O DaemonPortOptions =Port=smtp , Addr=127.0.0.1 , Name=MTA
DAEMON_OPTIONS
/etc/mail/sendmail.mc
DAEMON_OPTIONS
/etc/mail/sendmail.mc
DAEMON_OPTIONS ( `Port=smtp , Addr=127.0.0.1 , Name=MTA')
dnl
# mv /etc/mail/sendmail.cf /etc/mail/sendmail.cf.old # m4 /etc/mail/sendmail.mc >
/etc/mail/sendmail.cf # /etc/init.d/ sendmail restart
# nmap - sT -p 25 < remode_node > # telnet < remote_node > 25
# service nfs status rpc.mountd is stopped nfsd is stopped rpc.rquotad is stopped # chkconfig -- list nfs nfs 0 :off 1 :off 2 :off 3:off 4:off 5 :off 6:off #
portmap
# service portmap status portmap is stopped # chkconfig -- list portmap portmap 0 : off 1 :off 2 :off 3:off 4:off 5 :off 6:off #
chkconfig portmap on chkconfig nfs on service portmap start service nfs start
portmap
portmap
nfs
rpc.rquotad
nfsd
lockd
rpciod
rpc.mountd
rpc.idmapd
rpc.mountd
nfsd
rpc.rquotad
rpcinfo
# rpcinfo -p < server > program vers proto port 100000 2 tcp 111 portmapper 100000 2 udp 111 portmapper 100011 1 udp 607 rquotad 100011 2 udp 607 rquotad 100011 1 tcp 610 rquotad 100011 2 tcp 610 rquotad 100003 2 udp 2049 nfs 100003 3 udp 2049 nfs 100003 2 tcp 2049 nfs 100003 3 tcp 2049 nfs 100005 1 udp 623 mountd 100005 1 tcp 626 mountd 100005 2 udp 623 mountd 100005 2 tcp 626 mountd 100005 3 udp 623 mountd 100005 3 tcp 626 mountd #
portmap
# strings / sbin/ portmap | egrep " hosts.deny|hosts.allow|libwrap " hosts_allow_table hosts_deny_table
/etc/hosts.allow /etc/hosts.deny # strings /usr / sbin/rpc.rquotad | egrep " hosts.deny|hosts.allow|libwrap " libwrap.so.0 # ldd /usr/sbin/rpc.rquotad | grep libwrap libwrap.so.0 =>
/usr/lib/libwrap.so.0 ( 0x00874000 ) #
hosts.deny
hosts.allow
libwrap
/etc/hosts.deny
/etc/hosts.allow
/etc/hosts.deny
ALL : ALL
# rpcinfo -p < server >
No remote programs registered . #
/etc/hosts.allow
/etc/init.d/nfs
strings < program > | egrep " hosts.deny|hosts.allow|libwrap "
/usr/sbin/rpc.rquotad
/usr/sbin/rpc.mountd
/etc/hosts.allow
portmap : rac1pub.example.com rac2pub.example.com rac3pub.example.com .subnet.puschitz.com rpc.mountd : rac1pub.example.com rac2pub.example.com rac3pub.example.com .subnet.puschitz.com rpc.rquotad : rac1pub.example.com rac2pub.example.com rac3pub.example.com .subnet.puschitz.com
rpcinfo
# rpcinfo -p < server > program vers proto port 100000 2 tcp 111 portmapper 100000 2 udp 111 portmapper 100011 1 udp 607 rquotad 100011 2 udp 607 rquotad 100011 1 tcp 610 rquotad 100011 2 tcp 610 rquotad 100003 2 udp 2049 nfs 100003 3 udp 2049 nfs 100003 2 tcp 2049 nfs 100003 3 tcp 2049 nfs 100005 1 udp 623 mountd 100005 1 tcp 626 mountd 100005 2 udp 623 mountd 100005 2 tcp 626 mountd 100005 3 udp 623 mountd 100005 3 tcp 626 mountd #
# rpcinfo -p < server >
No remote programs registered . #
/etc/exports
/etc/exports
/ pub *.subnet.example.com ( ro,sync )
/etc/exports
ro
/etc/exports
/data/OracleArch rac1pub.example.com(rw,sync ) rac2pub.example.com(rw,sync ) rac3pub.example.com(rw,sync )
/etc/exports
root_squash
no_root_squash
/etc/exports
# exportfs - a
# exportfs - ua
# showmount -e localhost Export list for localhost : / pub *.subnet.example.com /data/OracleArch rac3pub.example.com,rac2pub.example.com,rac1pub.example.com
wire - test
/usr/sbin/wire-test
am - utils
# wire - test localhost Network 1 : wire = " 172.16.1.0 " ( netnumber=172.16.1 ) .
Network 2 : wire = " 172.16.1.1 " ( netnumber=172.16.1 ) .
My IP address is 0 xac100101 .
NFS Version and protocol tests to host " localhost " ... testing vers=2 , proto= " udp " -> found version 2. testing vers=3 , proto= " udp " -> found version 3 . testing vers=2 , proto=" tcp " -> found version 2. testing vers=3 , proto= " tcp " -> found version
3 . #
# wire - test localhost Network 1 : wire = " 172.16.1.0 " ( netnumber=172.16.1 ) .
Network 2 : wire = " 172.16.1.1 " ( netnumber=172.16.1 ) .
My IP address is 0 xac100101 .
NFS Version and protocol tests to host " localhost " ... testing vers=2 , proto= " udp " -> found version 2. testing vers=3 , proto= " udp " -> found version 3. testing vers=2 , proto=" tcp " -> failed ! testing vers=3 , proto= " tcp " -> failed ! #
proto=tcp
# mount -o proto=tcp < nfs_server_name >:/pub /usr/local/pub
mount
# mount ... nfsserver :/ pub on /usr/local / pub type nfs ( rw , proto=tcp , addr=172.16.10.8 ) ...
/etc/fstab
/etc/fstab
nfsserver :/ pub /usr/local / pub nfs rsize=8192,wsize=8192,timeo=14 , intr, tcp 0 0
ssh
scp
ssh
~/.ssh/authorized_keys2
command= " / bin/cat ~/< file_name > " ssh-dss AAABB33Nza ...
OpenSSH key
ssh < user > @< server > > < local_file >
/ bin/cat
/ bin/cat
$ SSH_ORIGINAL_COMMAND
#!/bin/ksh if [ [ $ SSH_ORIGINAL_COMMAND = " File1 " || $ SSH_ORIGINAL_COMMAND = " File2 " ] ] then / bin / cat $ SSH_ORIGINAL_COMMAND
else echo " Invalid file name ! " exit 1 fi
/ bin/cat
~/.ssh/authorized_keys2
ssh < user > @< server > File1 > < local_file >
ssh < user > @< server > File2 > < local_file >
/etc/sysctl.conf
# sysctl -p
/etc/sysctl.conf
net.ipv4.tcp_syncookies = 1
/etc/sysctl.conf
net.ipv4.conf.all.accept_source_route = 0
/etc/sysctl.conf
net.ipv4.conf.all.accept_redirects = 0
/etc/sysctl.conf
net.ipv4.conf.all.rp_filter = 1
/etc/sysctl.conf
net.ipv4.icmp_echo_ignore_all = 1
/etc/sysctl.conf
net.ipv4.icmp_echo_ignore_broadcasts = 1
/etc/sysctl.conf
net.ipv4.conf.all.log_martians = 1
umask
default
umask
/etc/bashrc
bash
$ id uid=509 ( test ) gid=510 ( test ) groups=100 ( users ) , 510 ( test ) context=user_u:system_r:unconfined_t $ umask 0002 $ # id uid=0 ( root ) gid=0 ( root ) groups=0 ( root ) , 1( bin ) , 2( daemon ) , 3( sys ) , 4 ( adm ) , 6( disk ) , 10 ( wheel ) context=root:system_r:unconfined_t # umask 0022 #
umask
$ umask 000 $ touch file1 $ ls -l file1 - rw - rw - rw - 1 oracle oinstall 0 Dec 26 19:24 file1 $ umask 002 $ touch file2 $ ls -l file2 - rw - rw - r -- 1 oracle oinstall 0 Dec 26 19:24 file2 $ umask 022 $ touch file3 $ ls -l file3 - rw - r--r-- 1 oracle oinstall 0 Dec 26 19:25 file3 $
bash
umask
/etc/bashrc
/etc/bashrc
~/.bashrc
passwd
/etc/shadow
find / - path / proc - prune -o - type f - perm +6000 -ls
- prune
/ proc
find / - path / proc - prune -o - perm - 2 ! - type l -ls
! - type l
find
/tmp
/tmp
$ ls -ld /tmp drwxrwxrwt 18 root root 16384 Dec 23 22:20 /tmp
t
find / - path / proc - prune -o - nouser -o - nogroup
/etc/shadow
passwd -l
usermod - L
# egrep -v '.*:\*|:\!'
/etc/shadow | awk - F : '{print $ 1 } '
/ etc / passwd
# grep - v ':x : '
/etc / passwd
/etc/shadow
/ etc / passwd
# find / - path / proc - prune -o - user < account > -ls
# userdel -r < account >
-r
userdel
/var/spool/mail/<user >
/etc/inittab
~~:S:wait:/sbin/sulogin
init=/bin/bash
# su oracle -c id You are required to change your password immediately ( password aged ) Changing password for test ( current ) UNIX password :
useradd
/etc/shadow
useradd
/etc/login.defs PASS_MAX_DAYS
60 Maximum number of days a password is valid .
/etc/login.defs PASS_MIN_DAYS
7 Minimum number of days before a user can change the password since the last change .
/etc/login.defs PASS_MIN_LEN
n/a
This parameter does not work .
It is superseded by the PAM module " pam_cracklib " .
See Enforcing Stronger Passwords for more information .
/etc/login.defs PASS_WARN_AGE
7 Number of days when the password change reminder starts .
/etc/default/useradd INACTIVE
14 Number of days after password expiration that account is disabled .
/etc/default/useradd EXPIRE
Account expiration date in the format YYYY - MM -DD .
/etc/login.defs
/etc/default/useradd
useradd
/etc/shadow
< username >:< password >:< date > : PASS_MIN_DAYS : PASS_MAX_DAYS : PASS_WARN_AGE : INACTIVE : EXPIRE :
useradd -c " Test User " -g users test
-g
# id test uid=509 ( test ) gid=100 ( users ) groups=100 ( users )
/etc/login.defs
/etc/default/useradd
/etc/shadow
# grep test /etc / shadow test :!!:12742:7:60:7:14 ::
chage
chage
# chage -M 99999 < system_account_name >
# chage -l < system_account_name >
# chage -l test Minimum : 7 Maximum : 60 Warning : 7 Inactive : 14 Last Change : Jan 11 , 2005 Password Expires : Mar 12 , 2005 Password Inactive : Mar 26 , 2005 Account Expires : Never
pam_cracklib
pam_cracklib
minlen=10
dredit=1
pam_cracklib
minlen - credit
minlen
pam_cracklib
pam_cracklib
lcredit , ucredit , dcredit , and ocredit
dredit= -1
minlen
pam_cracklib
pam_cracklib
pam_cracklib
pam_cracklib
pam_cracklib
pam_cracklib
pam_cracklib.so
minlen=8
Minimum length of password is 8
pam_cracklib.so
lcredit=-1
Minimum number of lower case letters is 1
pam_cracklib.so
ucredit= -1
Minimum number of upper case letters is 1
pam_cracklib.so
dcredit=-1
Minimum number of digits is 1
pam_cracklib.so
ocredit= -1
Minimum number of other characters is 1
/etc/pam.d/system-auth
pam_cracklib
auth required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_env.so auth sufficient / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_unix .
so likeauth nullok auth required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_deny .
so account required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_unix .
so account sufficient / lib/ security / $ISA/pam_succeed_if.so uid < 100 quiet account required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_permit.so password requisite / lib/ security / $ISA /pam_cracklib.so retry=3 minlen=8 lcredit= - 1 ucredit= - 1 dcredit= - 1 ocredit= - 1 password sufficient / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_unix .
so nullok use_authtok md5 shadow password required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_deny .
so session required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_limits .
so session required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_unix.so
passwd
passwd
/etc/pam.d/system-auth
authconfig
authconfig
system - auth
/usr/sbin/authconfig
pam_unix
remember
pam_cracklib
difok
PASS_MIN_DAYS
7
pam_unix
/etc/pam.d/system-auth
pam_cracklib
pam_unix
auth required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_env.so auth sufficient / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_unix .
so likeauth nullok auth required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_deny .
so account required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_unix .
so account sufficient / lib/ security / $ISA/pam_succeed_if.so uid < 100 quiet account required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_permit.so password requisite / lib/ security / $ISA /pam_cracklib.so retry=3 minlen=8 lcredit= - 1 ucredit= - 1 dcredit= - 1 ocredit= - 1 difok=3 password sufficient / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_unix .
so nullok use_authtok md5 shadow remember =26 password required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_deny .so session required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_limits .
so session required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_unix.so
/etc/security / opasswd
# ls -l /etc/security / opasswd -rw------- 1 root root 0 Dec 8 06:54 /etc/security / opasswd
# su oracle -c id su : incorrect password #
/etc/pam.d/system-auth
auth required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_env.so auth required / lib / security / $ISA / pam_tally .
so onerr=fail no_magic_root auth sufficient / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_unix .so likeauth nullok auth required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_deny .
so account required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_unix .
so account required / lib / security / $ISA / pam_tally .
so per_user deny =5 no_magic_root reset account sufficient / lib/ security / $ISA/pam_succeed_if.so uid < 100 quiet account required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_permit.so password requisite / lib/ security / $ISA /pam_cracklib.so retry=3 password sufficient / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_unix .so nullok use_authtok md5 shadow password required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_deny .so session required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_limits .
so session required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_unix.so
/var/log/faillog
deny=n
deny=n
per_user
per_user
deny=n
# faillog -u oracle - m - 1 # faillog -u oracle Username Failures Maximum Latest oracle 0 - 1 Fri Dec 10 23:57:55 - 0600 2005 on unknown
faillog
-m -1
deny=n
# faillog -u oracle -m 0
pam_tally
deny=n
faillog
deny=n
per_user
.fail_max
-1
# faillog
# faillog -u < user > -r
ssh
su
root
# passwd - l < user > # usermod - L < user > # passwd -u < user > # usermod - U <user >
NOTE :
/var/log/faillog
/var/log/faillog
xscreensaver
vlock
xscreensaver
vlock
/var/log/faillog
root
oracle
oracle
users
users
root
oracle
- SSH ( /etc/pam.d/sshd ) - Console Login ( /etc/pam.d/login ) - Graphical Gnome Login ( /etc/pam.d/gdm - or for all logins ( /etc/pam.d/system-auth )
pam_access
account
account
auth
required
pam_access
/etc/pam.d/sshd
auth required pam_stack .
so service=system -auth auth required pam_nologin. so account required pam_access .so account required pam_stack .so service=system -auth password required pam_stack .so service=system -auth session required pam_stack .so service=system-auth
pam_access
/etc/pam.d/login
auth required pam_securetty .
so auth required pam_stack .
so service=system -auth auth required pam_nologin. so account required pam_access .so account required pam_stack .so service=system -auth password required pam_stack .
so service=system -auth session required pam_selinux .
so close session required pam_stack .
so service=system - auth session optional pam_console .
so session required pam_selinux .
so multiple open
pam_access
/etc/pam.d/gdm
auth required pam_env .so auth required pam_stack .
so service=system - auth auth required pam_nologin.
so account required pam_access .so account required pam_stack .so service=system -auth password required pam_stack .
so service=system -auth session required pam_stack .so service=system -auth session optional pam_console.so
/etc/security/access.conf
-:ALL EXCEPT users :ALL
/etc/security/access.conf
pam_access
users
pam_access
account
users
oracle
oracle
/etc/security/access.conf
-:ALL EXCEPT users oracle : ALL -:oracle : ALL EXCEPT rac1cluster.example.com rac2cluster.example.com rac3cluster.example.com
oracle
oracle
NOTE :
pam_access
crond
# grep pam_access
/etc / pam.d/*
/etc/pam.d/crond:account required pam_access.so accessfile=/etc/security/access-cron.conf #
/etc/security/access.conf
pam_access
pam_access
/etc/pam.d/crond
account required pam_access.so accessfile=/etc/security/access-cron.conf
/etc/security/access.conf
crond
pam_cracklib
# touch /etc/security /access-cron.conf
NOTE :
/ etc / passwd
This chapter shows how to restrict people from su-ing to system and shared accounts even if they know the passwords
su
root
oracle
postgres
pam_wheel
pam_wheel
root
any
su
root
oracle
postgres
# groupadd rootmembers # groupadd oraclemembers # groupadd postgresmembers
su
root
oracle
postgres
admin1
su
root
oracle
postgres
oracledba1
su
oracle
postgresdba1
su
postgres
su
# usermod - G rootmembers adminuser1 # usermod - G oraclemembers oracleuser1 # usermod -G postgresmembers postgresuser1
adminuser1
rootmembers
su
oracle
postgres
oraclemembers
postgresmembers
/etc/pam.d/su
auth sufficient / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_rootok .so auth required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_stack.so service=system -auth auth sufficient / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_stack.so service=su-root - members auth sufficient / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_stack.so service=su-other -members auth required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_deny .so account required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_stack.so service=system-auth password required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_stack.so service=system-auth session required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_selinux .so close session required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_stack .so service=system -auth session required / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_selinux .so open multiple session optional / lib/ security / $ISA / pam_xauth.so
nobody
su
any
su-root - members
su -other - members
sufficient
pam_deny
su
/etc/pam.d/su-root-members
/etc/pam.d/su-other-members
/etc/pam.d/su-root-members
/etc/pam.d/su
auth required / lib/ security / pam_wheel.so use_uid group=rootmembers auth required / lib/ security / pam_listfile.so item=user sense=allow onerr=fail file=/etc/security/su-rootmembers-access
/etc/security/su-rootmembers-access
/etc/pam.d/su-root-members
root oracle postgres
required
/etc/pam.d/su
rootmembers
/etc/security/rootusername
su
item=user
pam_listfile
/etc/security/rootusername
su
rootmembers
/etc/pam.d/su-root-members
/etc/pam.d/su-root-members
rootmembers
/etc/pam.d/su-other-members
/etc/pam.d/su-other-members
/etc/pam.d/su
auth sufficient / lib/ security / pam_stack.so service=su-oracle-members auth sufficient /lib/security / pam_stack.so service=su-postgres-members auth required / lib/ security / pam_deny.so
/etc/pam.d/su
/etc/pam.d/su-oracle-members
/etc/pam.d/su-other-members
auth required / lib/ security / pam_wheel.so use_uid group=oraclemembers auth required / lib/ security / pam_listfile.so item=user sense=allow onerr=fail file=/etc/security/su-oraclemembers-access
/etc/security/su-oraclemembers-access
oracle
/etc/pam.d/su-postgres-members
/etc/pam.d/su-other-members
auth required / lib/ security / pam_wheel.so use_uid group=postgresmembers auth required /lib/ security / pam_listfile.so item=user sense=allow onerr=fail file=/etc/security/su-postgresmembers-access
/etc/security/su-postgresmembers-access
/etc/pam.d/su-postgres-members
postgres
adminuser1
root
oracle
postgres
su
root
oracleuser1
oracle
postgresuser1
postgres
su
/etc/security/limits.conf
ulimit -a
ulimit
man bash
ulimit
Important Note :
oracle
root
su
oracle
/etc/security/limits.conf
UsePrivilegeSeparation
/etc/ssh/sshd_config
no
/etc/init.d/ sshd restart
/etc/security/limits.conf
oracle soft nofile 4096 oracle hard nofile 63536
ulimit -n 63536
nofile
oracle
/ proc/sys/fs/file-max
oracle
pam_limits
/etc/pam.d/system-auth
/etc/pam.d/sshd
/etc/pam.d/su
/etc/pam.d/login
/etc/pam.d/system-auth
/etc/security/limits.conf
session required / lib/ security / pam_limits.so
/etc/pam.d/system-auth
session required / lib / security / pam_limits .so session required / lib/ security / pam_unix.so
$ su - oracle $ ulimit -n 4096 $
ulimit
$ su - oracle $ ulimit -n 4096 $ ulimit -n 63536 $ ulimit -n 63536 $
ulimit -n 63536
~oracle/.bash_profile
echo $ SHELL
oracle
su - oracle cat >>
~oracle/.bash_profile << EOF ulimit -n 63536 EOF
after
/etc/motd
# cat /etc/ motd
This system is classified ...
Use of this system constitutes consent to official monitoring . #
Banner
/etc/ssh/sshd_config
/etc/issue
/etc/X11/gdm/PreSession/Default
if ! gdialog -- yesno '
This system is classified ...
' 10 10 ; then sleep 10 exit 1 ; fi
who
w
last
lastb
/var/log/btmp
lastlog
/var/log/lastlog
ac
/var/log/wtmp
dump-utmp
/var/run/utmp
/var/log/wtmp
/var/log/messages
Resolver ( /etc/hosts , /etc/resolv.conf , /etc/nsswitch.conf )
, , ) NTP ( /etc/ntp.conf )
DISCLAIMER : The information provided on this website comes without warranty of any kind and is distributed AS IS .
Every effort has been made to provide the information as accurate as possible , but no warranty or fitness is implied .
The information may be incomplete , may contain errors or may have become out of date .
The use of this information described herein is your responsibility , and to use it in your own environments do so at your own risk .
Copyright © 2007 PUSCHITZ.COM
Sony announced Friday that it will start offering virtual advertising space in PlayStation 3 games as part of efforts to stem losses from the console .
Players may see the ads in spaces such as billboards and wall surfaces within the games , it said .
" Various game titles are played by fans who like certain things , which can offer opportunities for targeted ads , " said a Sony spokesman .
I have learned , that if one advances confidently in the direction of his dreams , and endeavors to live the life he has imagined , he will meet with a success unexpected in common hours .
— Henry David Thoreau
We often think of personal growth as being top - down .
You start by asking yourself the Big Questions ( TM ) , followed by a moment of clarity which reveals your life purpose , and finally you ’re captured by this irresistible drive which launches you into purposeful motion , and everything just falls into place from there .
Unfortunately , real life is n’t always such a Disney movie .
The path to growth is less like a railroad , and more like a gravel road … that ’s under construction .
It ’s full of potholes and ditches , the occasional tree planted right in the middle , and some stretches where there is no road at all , and there ’s no map telling you where to turn .
It ’s no wonder that we all feel lost from time to time , wondering what direction we want to take with our lives , debating whether to leave our soul - sucking job , facing the reality of an unhappy relationship , even struggling to find a reason to get out of bed in the morning .
As I wrote about in Finding Your Passion , I advocate relying less on self - interviews and more on taking massive action across a wide variety of domains , using serendipity as a weapon to hunt down the things that interest you .
But what if that has n’t worked yet either ?
What if you tried a bunch of stuff but have n’t yet found anything that sticks ?
Bottom - Up Growth
The top - down approach implies that you have a clear idea of what you want .
But self - fulfillment has another another entry point .
Bottom - up development focusses on building the framework you need for living a life of purpose .
It ’s all about installing good habits that are independent of any specific goal .
It ’s an action plan you can start on this afternoon or this evening , that allows you to do incredibly productive and useful things , even if you ’re still unsure about the big picture .
You do n’t need to have a grandiose mission statement to figure out that you want to quit smoking or that drinking seven nights a week is unhealthy .
By taking a bottom - up approach , you can immediately go from feeling bored and lost to becoming a busy proactivist .
Happiness requires a velocity and a direction , the pursuit of a meaningful objective , and we all have a list of personal challenges waiting to be tackled .
There ’s all sorts of useful stuff we can do with ourselves that does n’t require a sixth sense to see , yet these projects can still provide a gratifying source of challenge , inspiration , and meaning in our lives , while the big picture continues to take shape .
Here are some suggestions for bottom - up tasks you might find useful and fun , taken from what I ’m doing in my own life at the moment :
Raise your standards .
With whatever you do , ask yourself “ Is this the best possible use of my time ? ”
Is this the best possible book I can be reading ?
Is this the best possible tool I can be using to build a website ?
Do I need to read this mailing list ?
Raising your standards is more of a meta - goal , but consciously doing so will improve the quality of both your inputs and outputs .
It may also result in ideas for bottom - up projects , like deciding to change your job when you realize that what you ’re doing right now is a mediocre application of your skills , or choosing to leave a relationship when you finally acknowledge how much it ’s pulling you down .
With whatever you do , ask yourself “ Is this the best possible use of my time ? ”
Is this the best possible book I can be reading ?
Is this the best possible tool I can be using to build a website ?
Do I need to read this mailing list ?
Raising your standards is more of a meta - goal , but consciously doing so will improve the quality of both your inputs and outputs .
It may also result in ideas for bottom - up projects , like deciding to change your job when you realize that what you ’re doing right now is a mediocre application of your skills , or choosing to leave a relationship when you finally acknowledge how much it ’s pulling you down .
Break an addiction .
We ’ve all got vices .
At any moment , you can choose to command and conquer yours , even though it may require a lot of time and effort to do so .
I recently gave up alcohol for 30 days when I realized that , while it was hardly an “ addiction ” , I was drinking a little too regularly .
I ultimately got back into red wine after that , but in a couple - glasses - with - dinner sort of way , which is pretty standard in Montreal . :)
And now I actually enjoy it again .
We ’ve all got vices .
At any moment , you can choose to command and conquer yours , even though it may require a lot of time and effort to do so .
I recently gave up alcohol for 30 days when I realized that , while it was hardly an “ addiction ” , I was drinking a little too regularly .
I ultimately got back into red wine after that , but in a couple - glasses - with - dinner sort of way , which is pretty standard in Montreal . :)
And now I actually enjoy it again .
Fix your sleep schedule .
Figuring out the larger meaning of your existence is hard , but it ’s ten times harder when you ’re running on fumes .
If you want a challenge , set a time in the morning that you want to wake up and commit to it .
My own circadian rhythm was a mess until recently .
I fixed it this month by committing to waking up every morning at 5:30 AM , and have since noticed a huge energy boost .
The difference between sleeping poorly and sleeping well is the difference between Clark Kent and Superman .
Figuring out the larger meaning of your existence is hard , but it ’s ten times harder when you ’re running on fumes .
If you want a challenge , set a time in the morning that you want to wake up and commit to it .
My own circadian rhythm was a mess until recently .
I fixed it this month by committing to waking up every morning at 5:30 AM , and have since noticed a huge energy boost .
The difference between sleeping poorly and sleeping well is the difference between Clark Kent and Superman .
Go organic .
I spent literally years of my life eating at Subway for lunch almost every day of the week .
I usually ordered something low - fat , but it was still far from the best food choice .
I recently decided to change that .
I found an amazing organic food restaurant nearby , and it ’s become my new home away from home .
They actually make … food there .
Learning how to fuel your body using top- quality ingredients , in combination with sleeping better , will give you such an energy advantage over the current
You that it ’ll almost seem like cheating .
I spent literally years of my life eating at Subway for lunch almost every day of the week .
I usually ordered something low - fat , but it was still far from the best food choice .
I recently decided to change that .
I found an amazing organic food restaurant nearby , and it ’s become my new home away from home .
They actually make … food there .
Learning how to fuel your body using top- quality ingredients , in combination with sleeping better , will give you such an energy advantage over the current
You that it ’ll almost seem like cheating .
Hack reality .
Spirituality is about hacking consciousness .
Good spirituality , to me , provides tools with which to expand your awareness and renegotiate your contract with reality .
It ’s not about choosing to adopt someone else ’s belief system , it ’s about using first - hand experience to find an empowering perspective through which to interact with the world .
Two books I highly recommend are The Power of Now
and A New Earth
.
Establish consistency .
You ’ve probably had those moments where you have goals , but hit points where you feel unsure about your next step .
For example , I ’ve had moments with 30 sleeps where I wrestle between focussing exclusively on the blog , or scaling back my writing a bit to focus more on the application .
In moments like these , it ’s important to keep moving forward , and not get paralyzed by indecision .
My solution was to commit to three articles per week , between Monday and Sunday , no matter what , for at least 30 days .
When you have a goal , but it sometimes gets a little blurry , establishing consistency about some aspect of it will ensure you keep making progress .
You ’ve probably had those moments where you have goals , but hit points where you feel unsure about your next step .
For example , I ’ve had moments with 30 sleeps where I wrestle between focussing exclusively on the blog , or scaling back my writing a bit to focus more on the application .
In moments like these , it ’s important to keep moving forward , and not get paralyzed by indecision .
My solution was to commit to three articles per week , between Monday and Sunday , no matter what , for at least 30 days .
When you have a goal , but it sometimes gets a little blurry , establishing consistency about some aspect of it will ensure you keep making progress .
Become a social adventurer .
No matter what your starting point , what day of the week it is , where you live , or what you look like , anyone can become a social adventurer .
You do n’t need a purpose in life to interact with the people around you .
And this process will teach you far more about yourself than even the most brilliant “ self - help ” book .
I ’ve written more about this in Social Skydiving and How to Be Adventurous .
No matter what your starting point , what day of the week it is , where you live , or what you look like , anyone can become a social adventurer .
You do n’t need a purpose in life to interact with the people around you .
And this process will teach you far more about yourself than even the most brilliant “ self - help ” book .
I ’ve written more about this in Social Skydiving and How to Be Adventurous .
Write about it .
Whether you ’re feeling bored with life , or trying to sort your head out after a rough breakup , writing your thoughts down is one of the best ways to clarify them .
It wo n’t necessarily reveal your true purpose overnight , but writing can definitely shed light on areas you can work on right now .
You ’ll notice that , even though none of these suggestions necessarily has a direct relationship to your life purpose , they all provide a starting line for forward progress .
As you can tell , I ’ve found 30 - day trials to be an effective vehicle for bottom - up projects as much as for top - down pursuits .
Of course , it ’s not hard to generate new leads for things that could use your time and attention right now .
Just ask yourself , “ What sucks about my life right now ? ” and let the bug fixing begin .
Design goals
Toybox should be simple , small , fast , and full featured .
In that order .
When these goals need to be balanced off against each other , keeping the code as simple as it can be to do what it does is the most important ( and hardest ) goal .
Then keeping it small is slightly more important than making it fast .
Features are the reason we write code in the first place but this has all been implemented before so if we can't do a better job why bother ?
It should be possible to get 80 % of the way to each goal before they really start to fight .
Here they are in reverse order of importance :
Features
These days toybox is the command line of Android , so anything the android guys say to do gets at the very least closely listened to .
Toybox should provide the command line utilities of a build environment capable of recompiling itself under itself from source code .
This minimal build system conceptually consists of 4 parts : toybox , a C library , a compiler , and a kernel .
Toybox needs to provide all the commands ( with all the behavior ) necessary to run the configure / make / install of each package and boot the resulting system into a usable state .
In addition , it should be possible to bootstrap up to arbitrary complexity under the result by compiling and installing additional packages into this minimal system , as measured by building both Linux From Scratch and the Android Open Source Project under the result .
Any " circular dependencies " should be solved by toybox including the missing dependencies itself ( see " Shared Libraries " below ) .
Finally , toybox may provide some " convenience " utilties like top and vi that are n't necessarily used in a build but which turn the minimal build environment into a minimal development environment ( supporting edit / compile / test cycles in a text console ) , configure network infrastructure for communication with other systems ( in a build cluster ) , and so on .
The hard part is deciding what NOT to include .
A project without boundaries will bloat itself to death .
One of the hardest but most important things a project must do is draw a line and say " no , this is somebody else 's problem , not something we should do . "
Some things are simply outside the scope of the project : even though posix defines commands for compiling and linking , we 're not going to include a compiler or linker ( and support for a potentially infinite number of hardware targets ) .
And until somebody comes up with a ~ 30 k ssh implementation ( with a crypto algorithm that wo n't need replacing every 5 years ) , we 're going to point you at dropbear or bearssl .
The roadmap has the list of features we 're trying to implement , and the reasons why we decided to include those features .
After the 1.0 release some of that material may get moved here , but for now it needs its own page .
The status page shows the project 's progress against the roadmap .
There are potential features ( such as a screen / tmux implementation ) that might be worth adding after 1.0 , in part because they could share infrastructure with things like " less " and " vi " so might be less work for us to do than for an external from scratch implementation .
But for now , major new features outside posix , android 's existing commands , and the needs of development systems , are a distraction from the 1.0 release .
Speed
It 's easy to say lots about optimizing for speed ( which is why this section is so long ) , but at the same time it 's the optimization we care the least about .
The essence of speed is being as efficient as possible , which means doing as little work as possible .
A design that 's small and simple gets you 90 % of the way there , and most of the rest is either fine - tuning or more trouble than it's worth ( and often actually counterproductive ) .
Still , here 's some advice :
First , understand the darn problem you 're trying to solve .
You'd think I would n't have to say this , but I do .
Trying to find a faster sorting algorithm is no substitute for figuring out a way to skip the sorting step entirely .
The fastest way to do anything is not to have to do it at all , and _all_ optimization boils down to avoiding unnecessary work .
Speed is easy to measure ; there are dozens of profiling tools for Linux ( although personally I find the " time " command a good starting place ) .
Do n't waste too much time trying to optimize something you can't measure , and there 's no much point speeding up things you do n't spend much time doing anyway .
Understand the difference between throughput and latency .
Faster processors improve throughput , but do n't always do much for latency .
After 30 years of Moore 's Law , most of the remaining problems are latency , not throughput .
( There are of course a few exceptions , like data compression code , encryption , rsync ... )
Worry about throughput inside long - running loops , and worry about latency everywhere else .
( And do n't worry too much about avoiding system calls or function calls or anything else in the name of speed unless you are in the middle of a tight loop that 's you 've already proven is n't running fast enough . )
" Locality of reference " is generally nice , in all sorts of contexts .
It 's obvious that waiting for disk access is 1000 x slower than doing stuff in RAM ( and making the disk seek is 10 x slower than sequential reads / writes ) , but it 's just as true that a loop which stays in L1 cache is many times faster than a loop that has to wait for a DRAM fetch on each iteration .
Do n't worry about whether " & " is faster than " % " until your executable loop stays in L1 cache and the data access is fetching cache lines intelligently .
( To understand DRAM , L1 , and L2 cache , read Hannibal 's marvelous ram guide at Ars Technica : part one , part two , part three , plus this article on cacheing , and this one on bandwidth and latency .
And there 's more where that came from . )
Running out of L1 cache can execute one instruction per clock cycle , going to L2 cache costs a dozen or so clock cycles , and waiting for a worst case dram fetch ( round trip latency with a bank switch ) can cost thousands of clock cycles .
( Historically , this disparity has gotten worse with time , just like the speed hit for swapping to disk .
These days , a _big_ L1 cache is 128 k and a big L2 cache is a couple of megabytes .
A cheap low - power embedded processor may have 8 k of L1 cache and no L2 . )
Learn how virtual memory and memory managment units work .
Do n't touch memory you do n't have to .
Even just reading memory evicts stuff from L1 and L2 cache , which may have to be read back in later .
Writing memory can force the operating system to break copy - on - write , which allocates more memory .
( The memory returned by malloc ( ) is only a virtual allocation , filled with lots of copy - on - write mappings of the zero page .
Actual physical pages get allocated when the copy - on - write gets broken by writing to the virtual page .
This is why checking the return value of malloc ( ) is n't very useful anymore , it only detects running out of virtual memory , not physical memory .
Unless you 're using a NOMMU system , where all bets are off . )
Do n't think that just because you do n't have a swap file the system can't start swap thrashing : any file backed page ( ala mmap ) can be evicted , and there 's a reason all running programs require an executable file ( they 're mmaped , and can be flushed back to disk when memory is short ) .
And long before that , disk cache gets reclaimed and has to be read back in .
When the operating system really can't free up any more pages it triggers the out of memory killer to free up pages by killing processes ( the alternative is the entire OS freezing solid ) .
Modern operating systems seldom run out of memory gracefully .
Also , it 's better to be simple than clever .
Many people think that mmap( ) is faster than read ( ) because it avoids a copy , but twiddling with the memory management is itself slow , and can cause unnecessary CPU cache flushes .
And if a read faults in dozens of pages sequentially , but your mmap iterates backwards through a file ( causing lots of seeks , each of which your program blocks waiting for ) , the read can be many times faster .
On the other hand , the mmap can sometimes use less memory , since the memory provided by mmap comes from the page cache ( allocated anyway ) , and it can be faster if you 're doing a lot of different updates to the same area .
The moral ?
Measure , then try to speed things up , and measure again to confirm it actually _did_ speed things up rather than made them worse .
( And understanding what 's really going on underneath is a big help to making it happen faster . )
In general , being simple is better than being clever .
Optimization strategies change with time .
For example , decades ago precalculating a table of results ( for things like isdigit ( ) or cosine ( int degrees ) ) was clearly faster because processors were so slow .
Then processors got faster and grew math coprocessors , and calculating the value each time became faster than the table lookup ( because the calculation fit in L1 cache but the lookup had to go out to DRAM ) .
Then cache sizes got bigger ( the Pentium M has 2 megabytes of L2 cache ) and the table fit in cache , so the table became fast again ...
Predicting how changes in hardware will affect your algorithm is difficult , and using ten year old optimization advice and produce laughably bad results .
But being simple and efficient is always going to give at least a reasonable result .
The famous quote from Ken Thompson , " When in doubt , use brute force " , applies to toybox .
Do the simple thing first , do as little of it as possible , and make sure it 's right .
You can always speed it up later .
Size
Again , being simple gives you most of this .
An algorithm that does less work is generally smaller .
Understand the problem , treat size as a cost , and get a good bang for the byte .
Understand the difference between binary size , heap size , and stack size .
Your binary is the executable file on disk , your heap is where malloc ( ) memory lives , and your stack is where local variables ( and function call return addresses ) live .
Optimizing for binary size is generally good : executing fewer instructions makes your program run faster ( and fits more of it in cache ) .
On embedded systems , binary size is especially precious because flash is expensive ( and its successor , MRAM , even more so ) .
Small stack size is important for nommu systems because they have to preallocate their stack and can't make it bigger via page fault .
And everybody likes a small heap .
Measure the right things .
Especially with modern optimizers , expecting something to be smaller is no guarantee it will be after the compiler 's done with it .
Binary size is n't the most accurate indicator of the impact of a given change , because lots of things get combined and rounded during compilation and linking .
Matt Mackall 's bloat - o - meter is a python script which compares two versions of a program , and shows size changes in each symbol ( using the " nm " command behind the scenes ) .
To use this , run " make baseline " to build a baseline version to compare against , and then " make bloatometer " to compare that baseline version against the current code .
Avoid special cases .
Whenever you see similar chunks of code in more than one place , it might be possible to combine them and have the users call shared code .
( This is the most commonly cited trick , which does n't make it easy .
If seeing two lines of code do the same thing makes you slightly uncomfortable , you 've got the right mindset . )
Some specific advice : Using a char in place of an int when doing math produces significantly larger code on some platforms ( notably arm ) , because each time the compiler has to emit code to convert it to int , do the math , and convert it back .
Bitfields have this problem on most platforms .
Because of this , using char to index a for ( ) loop is probably not a net win , although using char ( or a bitfield ) to store a value in a structure that 's repeated hundreds of times can be a good tradeoff of binary size for heap space .
Simplicity
Complexity is a cost , just like code size or runtime speed .
Treat it as a cost , and spend your complexity budget wisely .
( Sometimes this means you can't afford a feature because it complicates the code too much to be worth it . )
Simplicity has lots of benefits .
Simple code is easy to maintain , easy to port to new processors , easy to audit for security holes , and easy to understand .
Simplicity itself can have subtle non-obvious aspects requiring a tradeoff between one kind of simplicity and another : simple for the computer to execute and simple for a human reader to understand are n't always the same thing .
A compact and clever algorithm that does very little work may not be as easy to explain or understand as a larger more explicit version requiring more code , memory , and CPU time .
When balancing these , err on the side of doing less work , but add comments describing how you could be more explicit .
In general , comments are not a substitute for good code ( or well chosen variable or function names ) .
Commenting " x += y ; " with " /* add y to x */ " can actually detract from the program 's readability .
If you need to describe what the code is doing ( rather than _why_ it 's doing it ) , that means the code itself is n't very clear .
Environmental dependencies are another type of complexity , so needing other packages to build or run is a big downside .
For example , we do n't use curses when we can simply output ansi escape sequences and trust all terminal programs written in the past 30 years to be able to support them .
Regularly testing that we work with C libraries which support static linking ( musl does , glibc does n't ) is another way to be self - contained with known boundaries : it does n't have to be the only way to build the project , but should be regularly tested and supported .
Prioritizing simplicity tends to serve our other goals : simplifying code generally reduces its size ( both in terms of binary size and runtime memory usage ) , and avoiding unnecessary work makes code run faster .
Smaller code also tends to run faster on modern hardware due to CPU cacheing : fitting your code into L1 cache is great , and staying in L2 cache is still pretty good .
But a simple implementation is not always the smallest or fastest , and balancing simplicity vs the other goals can be difficult .
For example , the atolx_range ( ) function in lib / lib.c always uses the 64 bit " long long " type , which produces larger and slower code on 32 bit platforms and often assigned into smaller interger types .
Although libc has parallel implementations for different data sizes ( atoi , atol , atoll ) we chose a common codepath which can cover all cases ( every user goes through the same codepath , with the maximum amount of testing and minimum and avoids surprising variations in behavior ) .
On the other hand , the " tail " command has two codepaths , one for seekable files and one for nonseekable files .
Although the nonseekable case can handle all inputs ( and is required when input comes from a pipe or similar , so cannot be removed ) , reading through multiple gigabytes of data to reach the end of seekable files was both a common case and hugely penalized by a nonseekable approach ( half - minute wait vs instant results ) .
This is one example where performance did outweigh simplicity of implementation .
Joel Spolsky argues against throwing code out and starting over , and he has good points : an existing debugged codebase contains a huge amount of baked in knowledge about strange real - world use cases that the designers did n't know about until users hit the bugs , and most of this knowledge is never explicitly stated anywhere except in the source code .
That said , the Mythical Man-Month 's " build one to throw away " advice points out that until you 've solved the problem you do n't properly understand it , and about the time you finish your first version is when you 've finally figured out what you _should_ have done .
( The corrolary is that if you build one expecting to throw it away , you 'll actually wind up throwing away two .
You do n't understand the problem until you _have_ solved it . )
Joel is talking about what closed source software can afford to do :
Code that works and has been paid for is a corporate asset not lightly abandoned .
Open source software can afford to re-implement code that works , over and over from scratch , for incremental gains .
Before toybox , the unix command line has already been reimplemented from scratch several times ( the original AT&T Unix command line in assembly and then in C , the BSD versions , Coherent was the first full from - scratch Unix clone in 1980 , Minix was another clone which Linux was inspired by and developed under , the GNU tools were yet another rewrite intended for use in the stillborn " Hurd " project , BusyBox was still another rewrite , and more versions were written in Plan 9 , uclinux , klibc , sash , sbase , s6 , and of course android toolbox ... ) .
But maybe toybox can do a better job . :)
As Antoine de St. Exupery ( author of " The Little Prince " and an early aircraft designer ) said , " Perfection is achieved , not when there is nothing left to add , but when there is nothing left to take away . "
And Ken Thompson ( creator of Unix ) said " One of my most productive days was throwing away 1000 lines of code . "
It 's always possible to come up with a better way to do it .
P.S. How could I resist linking to an article about why programmers should strive to be lazy and dumb ?
Portability issues
Platforms
Toybox should run on Android ( all commands with musl - libc , as large a subset as practical with bionic ) , and every other hardware platform Linux runs on .
Other posix / susv4 environments ( perhaps MacOS X or newlib+ libgloss ) are vaguely interesting but only if they 're easy to support ; I 'm not going to spend much effort on them .
I do n't do windows .
We depend on C99 and posix - 2008 libc features such as the openat ( ) family of functions .
We also root around in the linux / proc directory a lot ( no other way to implement " ps " at the moment ) , and assume certain " modern " linux kernel behavior such as large environment sizes ( linux commit b6a2 fea39318 , went into 2.6.22 released July 2007 , expanding the 128 k limit to 2 gigabytes .
But it was then trimmed back down to 10 megabytes , and when I asked for a way to query the actual value from the kernel if it was going to keep changing like that , Linus declined ) .
In theory this should n't prevent us from working on older kernels or other implementations ( ala BSD ) , but we do n't police their corner cases .
32/64 bit
Toybox should work on both 32 bit and 64 bit systems .
64 bit desktop hardware went mainstream in 2005 and was essentially ubiquitous by the end of the decade , but 32 bit hardware will continue to be important in embedded devices for several more years .
Toybox relies on the fact that on any Unix - like platform , pointer and long are always the same size ( on both 32 and 64 bit ) .
Pointer and int are _not_ the same size on 64 bit systems , but pointer and long are .
This is guaranteed by the LP64 memory model , a Unix standard ( which Linux and MacOS X both implement , and which modern 64 bit processors such as x86 - 64 were designed for ) .
Back before unix.org went down , they hosted the LP64 standard and the LP64 rationale , but the important part is LP64 gives all the basic C integer types defined sizes :
C type 32 bit
sizeof 64 bit
sizeof char 1 byte 1 byte short 2 bytes 2 bytes int 4 bytes 4 bytes long 4 bytes 8 bytes long long 8 bytes 8 bytes
Note that Windows does n't work like this , and I do n't care .
The insane legacy reasons why this is broken on Windows are explained here .
Signedness of char
On platforms like x86 , variables of type char default to unsigned .
On platforms like arm , char defaults to signed .
This difference can lead to subtle portability bugs , and to avoid them we specify which one we want by feeding the compiler - funsigned - char .
The reason to pick " unsigned " is that way char strings are 8 - bit clean by default , which makes UTF - 8 support easier .
Error messages and internationalization :
Error messages are extremely terse not just to save bytes , but because we do n't use any sort of _ (" string " ) translation infrastructure .
( We 're not translating the command names themselves , so we must expect a minimum amount of english knowledge from our users , but let 's keep it to a minimum . )
Thus " bad - A ' % c ' " is preferable to " Unrecognized address base ' % c ' " , because a non-english speaker can see that - A was the problem ( giving back the command line argument they supplied ) .
A user with a ~ 20 word english vocabulary is more likely to know ( or guess ) " bad " than the longer message , and you can use " bad " in place of " invalid " , " inappropriate " , " unrecognized " ...
Similarly when atolx_range ( ) complains about range constraints with " 4 < 17 " or " 12 > 5 " , it 's intentional : those do n't need to be translated .
The strerror ( ) messages produced by perror_exit ( ) and friends should be localized by libc , and our error functions also prepend the command name ( which non-english speakers can presumably recognize already ) .
Keep the explanation in between to a minimum , and where possible feed back the values they passed in to identify _what_ we could n't process .
If you say perror_exit ( " setsockopt " ) , you 've identified the action you were trying to take , and the perror gives a translated error message ( from libc ) explaining _why_ it could n't do it , so you probably do n't need to add english words like " failed " or " could n't assign " .
All commands should be 8 - bit clean , with explicit UTF - 8 support where necessary .
Assume all input data might be utf8 , and at least preserve it and pass it through .
( For this reason , our build is - funsigned - char on all architectures ; " char " is unsigned unless you stick " signed " in front of it . )
Locale support is n't currently a goal ; that 's a presentation layer issue ( I.E. a GUI problem ) .
Someday we should probably have translated -- help text , but that 's a post - 1.0 issue .
Shared Libraries
Toybox 's policy on shared libraries is that they should never be required , but can optionally be used to improve performance .
Toybox should provide the command line utilities for self - hosting development envirionments , and an easy way to set up " hermetic builds " ( I.E. builds which provide their own dependencies , isolating the build logic from host command version skew with a simple known build environment ) .
In both cases , external dependencies defeat the purpose .
This means toybox should provide full functionality without relying on any external dependencies ( other than libc ) .
But toybox may optionally use libraries such as zlib and openssl to improve performance for things like deflate and sha1sum , which lets the corresponding built - in implementations be simple ( and thus slow ) .
But the built - in implementations need to exist and work .
( This is why we use an external https wrapper program , because depending on openssl or similar to be linked in would change the behavior of toybox . )
License
Toybox is licensed 0BSD , which is a public domain equivalent license approved by SPDX .
This works like other BSD licenses except that it does n't require copying specific license text into the resulting project when you copy code .
( We care about attribution , not ownership , and the internet 's really good at pointing out plagiarism . )
This means toybox usually can't use external code contributions , and must implement new versions of everything unless the external code 's original author ( and any additional contributors ) grants permission to relicense .
Just as a GPL v2 project can't incorporate GPLv3 code and a BSD - licensed project can't incorporate either kind of GPL code , we can't incorporate most BSD or Apache licensed code without changing our license terms .
The exception to this is code under an existing public domain equivalent license , such as the xz decompressor or libtommath and libtomcrypt .
Coding style
The real coding style holy wars are over things that do n't matter ( whitespace , indentation , curly bracket placement ... ) and thus have no obviously correct answer .
As in academia , " the fighting is so vicious because the stakes are so small " .
That said , being consistent makes the code readable , so here 's how to make toybox code look like other toybox code .
Toybox source uses two spaces per indentation level , and wraps at 80 columns .
( Indentation of continuation lines is awkward no matter what you do , sometimes two spaces looks better , sometimes indenting to the contents of a parentheses looks better . )
I 'm aware this indentation style creeps some people out , so here 's the sed invocation to convert groups of two leading spaces to tabs :
sed - i ': loop;s/^\( *\) /\1\t/;t loop ' filename
And here 's the sed invocation to convert leading tabs to two spaces each :
sed - i ': loop;s/^\( *\) \t/\1 /;t loop ' filename
There 's a space after C flow control statements that look like functions , so " if ( blah ) " instead of " if ( blah ) " .
( Note that sizeof is actually an operator , so we do n't give it a space for the same reason ++ does n't get one .
Yeah , it does n't need the parentheses either , but it gets them .
These rules are mostly to make the code look consistent , and thus easier to read . )
We also put a space around assignment operators ( on both sides ) , so " int x = 0 ; " .
Blank lines ( vertical whitespace ) go between thoughts .
" We were doing that , now we 're doing this . "
( Not a hard and fast rule about _where_ it goes , but there should be some for the same reason writing has paragraph breaks . )
Variable declarations go at the start of blocks , with a blank line between them and other code .
Yes , c99 allows you to put them anywhere , but they 're harder to find if you do that .
If there 's a large enough distance between the declaration and the code using it to make you uncomfortable , maybe the function 's too big , or is there an if statement or something you can use as an excuse to start a new closer block ?
Use a longer variable name that 's easier to search for perhaps ?
An * binds to a variable name not a type name , so space it that way .
( In C " char * a , b ; " and " char* a , b ; " mean the same thing : " a " is a pointer but " b " is not .
Spacing it the second way is not how C works . )
If statements with a single line body go on the same line if the result fits in 80 columns , on a second line if it does n't .
We usually only use curly brackets if we need to , either because the body is multiple lines or because we need to distinguish which if an else binds to .
Curly brackets go on the same line as the test / loop statement .
The exception to both cases is if the test part of an if statement is long enough to split into multiple lines , then we put the curly bracket on its own line afterwards ( so it does n't get lost in the multple line variably indented mess ) , and we put it there even if it 's only grouping one line ( because the indentation level is not providing clear information in that case ) .
I.E .
if ( thingy ) thingy ; else thingy ; if ( thingy ) { thingy ; thingy ; } else thingy ; if ( blah blah blah ... && blah blah blah ) { thingy ; }
Gotos are allowed for error handling , and for breaking out of nested loops .
In general , a goto should only jump forward ( not back ) , and should either jump to the end of an outer loop , or to error handling code at the end of the function .
Goto labels are never indented : they override the block structure of the file .
Putting them at the left edge makes them easy to spot as overrides to the normal flow of control , which they are .
When there 's a shorter way to say something , we tend to do that for consistency .
For example , we tend to say " * blah " instead of " blah [ 0 ] " unless we 're referring to more than one element of blah .
Similarly , NULL is really just 0 ( and C will automatically typecast 0 to anything , except in varargs ) , " if ( function ( ) != NULL ) " is the same as " if ( function ( ) ) " , " x = ( blah == NULL ) ; " is " x = ! blah ; " , and so on .
The goal is to be concise , not cryptic : if you 're worried about the code being hard to understand , splitting it to multiple steps on multiple lines is better than a NOP operation like " != NULL " .
A common sign of trying too hard is nesting ? : three levels deep , sometimes if / else and a temporary variable is just plain easier to read .
If you think you need a comment , you may be right .
Comments are nice , but do n't overdo it .
Comments should explain _why_ , not how .
If the code does n't make the how part obvious , that 's a problem with the code .
Sometimes choosing a better variable name is more revealing than a comment .
Comments on their own line are better than comments on the end of lines , and they usually have a blank line before them .
Most of toybox 's comments are c99 style // single line comments , even when there 's more than one of them .
The /* multiline */ style is used at the start for the metadata , but not so much in the code itself .
They do n't nest cleanly , are easy to leave accidentally unterminated , need extra nonfunctional * to look right , and if you need _that_ much explanation maybe what you really need is a URL citation linking to a standards document ?
Long comments can fall out of sync with what the code is doing .
Comments do not get regression tested .
There 's no such thing as self - documenting code ( if nothing else , code with _no_ comments is a bit unfriendly to new readers ) , but " chocolate sauce is n't the answer to bad cooking " either .
Do n't use comments as a crutch to explain unclear code if the code can be fixed .
bizarre creatures from around the world
The ethics of meat eating are a curious , tangled concept that I suspect many have struggled with over the years .
I know that I am very fascinated with the ways in which people separate out what animals are good for eating versus those which are taboo , and how cultures and individuals navigate these societal “ rules ” concerning the eating of the flesh of animals , especially when cultures with differing rules on meat intersect on a personal or global basis .
With the rise of the Internet , I have found it easy to get a glimpse at what other people think about meat eating , and I find myself confused at all of the logical inconsistencies , hypocracies and emotional outbursts that people put forth in the defense of this or that position on the eating of animal flesh .
As longtime readers know , one of my greatest irritations is with those who like to eat meat and will eat meat , but who say , “ I ca n’t stand eating meat that looks like it came from an animal . ”
This is hyppocracy at its height in my mind ; if you are unable or unwilling to face up to the fact that meat comes from animals who had to die so you could eat them , then you have no business eating meat .
To me , this attitude is nothing but disrespect to the animals who die to make meat wrapped up in the pretense of sensitivity , and I believe that this sort of attitude tacitly supports the hideous treatment of animals in CAFOs ( concentrated animal feeding operations –the typical method of meat , milk , and egg production in industrial agriculture ) and their attendant slaughterhouses .
Why do I believe this ?
Because for people who do n’t want to face up to the death of animals involved in meat , the less they see of these creatures before they come wrapped in sanitary plastic to the grocery store , reduced down to their constitutent parts , the better .
And frankly , that is how CAFOs and large slaughterhouses run–on secrecy .
Michael Pollan had a hard time getting to see CAFOs when he did his research for The Omnivore ’s Dilemma , but he - did - see them .
What he absolutely was not allowed to see was the action that takes place in an industrial slaughterhouse .
I do not trust any industry that keeps their working secret , much less an industry that is supposed to be producing food for me .
Slaughterhouses should be run so cleanly and ethically ( the technology is available to run these places ethically ) that they would not mind having glass walls so that observers could peer in night and day and see the inner workings for themselves .
But , alas , I fear that until more people either stop eating meat altogether ( and I advocate that for a great many people , including those who whine about not wanting to think about the animals who died so they could eat hot dogs ) , or switch to eating locally produced , ethically raised and slaughtered animals , or until consumers put pressure on the government to pressure the meat industry to produce their meat under ethical guidelines , we are going to continue to see animals suffer grieviously under the current CAFO system .
I am very glad to see more information coming to light about the methods used by CAFOs to produce the vast majority of the meat eaten in the US , because I do believe that most humans do not like to see animals suffer unduly .
And suffer they do in the current model of meat production .
Chickens , cows and pigs are raised under barbarous conditions , and are treated in ways that make them unhealthy , and cause many to die before they are slaughtered .
Egg production and milk production on the industrial model are no less harmful ; any time an animal , a living , breathing , being , is treated not as a living creature but as a commodity , or what is often called , “ a production unit , ” in the industrial farming jargon , they are turned into an object , and as we know , objects cannot suffer .
However , even if the CAFO operators would like to believe that their animals are objects which cannot suffer , what is coming to light from many sources , including Pollan ’s book , Peter Singer ’s newest book , The Way We Eat , and elsewhere , is that these animals are suffering , and suffering on a grand scale that is difficult to imagine .
So , what has this to do with “ cute ” animals ?
Well , it is just that I have , in the past few weeks , run across some items on the internet that gave me pause , and made me wonder about how exactly an individual makes their own ethical decisions regarding meat , the production of it , and whether or not they will eat it .
And the conclusions I am coming to are these : people , for the most part , do not think about what they eat , nor do they make decisions about what they eat based upon rational thought .
Primarily , people react emotionally , and in doing so , they do not apply any logical consistency to their arguments , and instead , simply react in a knee - jerk fashion when it comes to their food .
Americans , by and large , have very strict culturally defined standards of what animals are for eating and what animals are not for eating .
Because our population is not homogenous , these culturally defined standards are fluid from place to place , and differ according to whether you are talking to a rural person or a city person , a person of Anglo - Saxon background , or one from another ethnic group , or whether you are talking to someone from one region of the country vs. another , but one thing seems to hold quite strongly across many of these groups : it is bad to eat cute animals .
The root of the cute animal rule seems to lie in how strongly we Americans attach to our pets , especially cats and dogs .
We consider our cats and dogs to be part of our families , and it disgusts us to think of them or animals like them being eaten by other people in other cultures .
It becomes a sort of cannibalism in our eyes for someone to even consider eating a cat or dog , and we are repelled , and our emotional reactions are visceral and often violent .
Cats and dogs are generally undeniably considered to be cute animals .
We infantilize them when we keep them as pets , treating them as perpetual children , and we are attracted to their child - like loyalty and the devotion they show to us in return .
I want to make clear that I do not in any way think that this sort of love for animals is wrong ; I love my cats and dogs very much , and would take it very personally if someone were to steal them , kill them and eat them .
But , I also do not think that it is my business to tell people in other countries , who have other customs , that they may not eat cats and dogs , just because I love my own .
That is a kind of culinary cultural imperialism that I find to be both odious and arrogant , and I do not think it is anyone ’s right to engage in such behavior .
But , let us continue on .
This adoration for cats and dogs extends to other animals among some Americans .
Rabbits , which are often kept as pets in the US , are also very cute creatures , with soft fur , long ears , fuzzy tails and big eyes .
However , rabbits are also raised as food livestock on farms , and eaten , and although rabbit consumption tends to be low in urban areas in the US , the eating of tame or wild rabbits in rural areas has been a tradition since our pioneer days .
However , if you look at some posts around the food blogs on the Internet , and read the comments , you can find many people who are vociferously opposed to the eating of rabbits , strictly on the basis that they are “ pet animals ” ( thus , cute ) , and because of that , are sacrosanct and are not to be eaten .
Rabbit is still commonly eaten all over the world , and enjoyed , but to many Americans , the idea of eating a cute little bunny , a creature who is the harbinger of spring and Easter , and who is embodied as the wise - cracking , beloved Warner Brothers animated icon , Bugs Bunny , is just this side of barbarism .
Many urbanites hate the thought of eating deer , which remind them of Bambi ( damn you , Walt Disney and your cuteness fetish ! ) , and they rail against hunters for being drunken , out of control “ Bubbas ” who sweep through the forests with high caliber weapons and shoot at anything that moves , just so they can get a ten - point buck head to stuff and put over their mantlepiece .
Well , the truth is , there are a very few hunters who fit that description .
Most of them are ethical folks who are among the most concientous of gun owners who take safety seriously and who love nothing more than to be outside in the woods .
They also tend to have a much more realistic view of their quarry than the folks who live in cities and decry hunting ; hunters recognize that without regulated hunting , whitetail deer populations would continue to soar and many deer would starve every winter , because they lack natural predators other than mankind in their habitat .
Hunters understand that humans have created an inbalance in nature when it comes to deer , and thus , it is our responsibility to try and correct that imbalance .
They also know that venison tastes delicious , and is a healthier alternative to eating corn-fed , saturated fat laden CAFO beef , even if the deer are pretty and remind us of Bambi .
And then , we come to horses .
Even more than rabbits , or deer , when the subject of eating horses comes up , it sends Americans into a tizzy .
Horses are part of our national mythos–they are a symbol of the Old West , of pioneer expansion , of cowboys riding the range , of the Native Americans of the plains hunting buffalo , of the great cavalry charges of the Civil War .
They are still part of our pomp and circumstance ; horse - drawn hearses bear our dead presidents to their resting place , instead of the more ordinary and thus less romantic and symbolic motorized variety .
They appear in parades , they are the stuff of which many adolescent young girl ’s dreams are made .
Race horses of the past loom large in our collective consciousness , and are lionized in memory .
All of this symbolic baggage surrounding the horse leads people to react completely emotionally when it comes to the fact that 90,000 unwanted horses are killed in the US each year , and are slaughtered and sent to other countries in order to be used as meat .
These 90.000 horses , many of which did not have much of a life to look forward to , have a lot of Americans up in arms over the practice of horse slaughter , if the 315 comments on a recent Slashfood post on the subject are any indication .
There is actually a bill before Congress to make the practice of slaughtering horses illegal ; interestingly , this bill is opposed by The American Quarter Horse Association and The American Association for Equine Practitioners .
The wording of H.R. 857 opens with an emotional paen to the mythology of the American horse : “ Horses have played a significant role in the history and culture of the United States .
Horses in the United States are not raised for food or fiber .
As a non-food and recreational animal , horses should be protected from slaughter . ”
The main reason the bill was brought forward by Rep. Ed Whitfield , a Republican of Hopkinsville , Ky. , is because of the trauma that horses who are bought up at auctions around the country undergo on the sometimes 24 - hour trailer ride to the slaughterhouse .
Horses , which are often sick and injured , are loaded up into double - decker livestock trailers , which were designed for carrying pigs or cattle , and are driven across country , often on rides 24 hours long , to get them to one of the few still operating slaughterhouses in the US .
He readily admits that it is n’t the methods of slaughter , or the slaughter itself that bother him , but it is the inhumane way that the horses are treated on the way to slaughter and the suffering they undergo before their deaths that upset him and pushed him to bring this bill forward to Congress .
I love horses .
I remember going three times a week to the stable in my youth , and taking riding lessons , even though I suffered horribly from allergies to horsehair and horse dander .
I used to load up on my allergy meds , take my two hour lessons , and then ride home in the front seat of the car next to my mother , with my eyes swollen shut , with hives on my face , arms , hands and neck , and a nose so runny I would go through half a box of tissues before we got home .
Every week , my Dad would look at me , shake his head and say , “ You going to quit ? ” and I would answer , “ No ” as I went off to a shower and to rest until the swelling , hives and sneezing subsided .
I have volunteered in horse rescue , and have donated money to the cause of helping save unwanted horses that would otherwise go to slaughter ; however , I do not think that the slaughter of horses should necessarily be outlawed in the United States .
I really hate to see horses suffer , just as I hate to see any animal suffer , but I do n’t really understand why someone would object to the cruelty of how horses are transported to slaughter when cows and pigs are transported the exact same way , and are often in just as bad health .
Why is it bad for a horse to suffer , but not a cow ?
Why is it okay to eat a pig , but not a rabbit ?
Why is it fine to let chickens suffer in battery cages where they have no room to move so we can eat eggs , but it is wrong to hunt a deer which has lived in freedom its entire life ?
I have no problem with people who see animals suffering and so they become vegetarians .
I think that is a perfectly sensible reaction to the plight of animals as they live in our current industrial model of agriculture .
In fact , if I did not have access to ethically raised beef , pork , lamb , goat , chicken , eggs and dairy , I would be a vegan myself , as I - refuse - to knowingly support the way that CAFOs treat animals with my money .
However , I have taken the time and the energy to identify and support alternative means of agriculture in my local area , so I do n’t have to resort to veganism .
But , I do have a problem with people who decry the ill - treatment of horses destined for dinner plates in Europe , Japan or Canada , or who freak out over other people eating rabbits in the US , just because they are cute and fluffy , or who get incensed when people in other countries eat cats and dogs , while they themselves buy pork , beef , veal and chicken at the grocery store and support the hideous suffering of these animals in CAFOs .
I have a big problem with that , because what these people are saying is this : “ I do n’t like to think about cute animals , like cats , dogs , rabbits , deer and horses suffering , so I oppose it , but I will keep silent on all the suffering that pigs , cows and chickens do in the process of industrial agriculture because they taste good and I am too lazy to seek an alternative means to eat . ”
So , it is okay for pigs , cows and chickens to suffer , mainly because they - are n’t cute enough - to warrent being treated well ?
What kind of twisted , messed - up logic is that ?
What makes cows - uncute - as compared to horses or deer ?
Ever seen a calf ?
They are as cute as Bambi any day .
Ever pet one ?
I have –they are sweet .
In fact , many fully - grown cows are adorable –look at a Gurnsey or Jersey milk cow .
Look at those big eyes with the movie - star lashes .
They are gorgeous .
Pigs are challenging , but as babies , they are among the cutest creatures on earth .
And while some of the adult members of the species can be mean and vicious ( they will attack people if they take it in mind to , and can kill if you are n’t paying attention ) , there are some who are very charming creatures , if you ignore the smell of their manure .
And pigs , when housed such that they can stay clean , have a dignity and intelligence to them that is palpable .
And chickens .
Why are they not cute ?
They sure are cute as babies , all fuzzy and yellow and peeping .
When fully plumed , some breeds of chicken are colorful and striking .
Some of them are funny - looking , and many of them are downright cute .
They are soft , too , and like to be petted , and some of them can sing .
Did you know that ?
They can .
I know , because I used to sing with them , and cuddle them every morning when I gathered eggs .
I have had extensive interactions with most types of farm animals , and they all have qualities about them that are attractive .
They may not all be cute , nor are they all friendly critters , but they all have traits to them that make it so humans can relate to them as other beings .
They can be affectionate , they feel pain , they feel pleasure , they are gregarious and they are all creatures who deserve respect , care and dignity .
Here ’s the way I think about it : no animal , even if it is destined for a dinner plate , ( perhaps , especially if it is going to become an entree ) should lead lives of unrelieved suffering .
End. Of. Story .
Nor should they be mistreated on their way to the slaughterhouse , nor should they be killed in an inhumane fashion .
It is as simple as that .
We cannot , in fact , must not , make artificial demarcations in our minds between which animals are allowed to be eaten and which are not , based only on emotional beliefs .
We must look carefully at the situation of all animals , and decide how they are to be treated not only in their deaths , but in their lives .
If we punish individuals for making dogs and cats suffer , then why do we tolerate the wholesale suffering of our food animals ?
It does n’t make sense , and worse than that –it means that we can make artificial divisions in our minds that are not based upon logic , or fact , but instead an emotion .
Where does such thinking end ?
Does this sort of inhumane treatment of - some - animals end with just animals , or can it desensitize us to suffering such that we can turn our heads and ignore the suffering of other humans , because they are not valued by us , or are too different from us to warrent care ?
Not caring about the suffering of some animals is a slippery slope that I do not think that most people want to go down .
What is my solution to this issue ?
I propose that more people turn away from CAFO - produced foods .
Whether they start supporting smaller farmers who use more ethical means to produce meat , eggs and dairy foods , or whether they become vegans does not matter to me .
There is no one way for consumers to vote with their food dollar , and I think that indidviduals can come to a decision that fits with their own food preferences , budget and belief system .
I also propose that if there is to be legislation involving the slaughter of any animal , that instead of banning the slaughter , that it demands humane treatment for - all - animals both at the slaughterhouse , and in transport to the slaughterhouse ; such a law should also be strictly enforced with fines and jail sentences for those in violation of such a law .
I also would like to see better government oversight and involvement in CAFOs , because not only are these facilities bad for animals , they are bad for the humans who eat the animals , too .
They are dens of disease and environmental degradation , and as such , should not be tolerated by consumers .
I ’d love to see our government , instead of listening to large agriculture industry lobbiests instead be bombarded by demands from consumers that they clean up CAFOs , and maybe even one day put them out of business .
I also propose this –love the animals who not only are our companions , but who also feed us .
Look at the pigs , cows and chickens .
See them .
Really see them .
Look at where they live and how they live .
Really see it , and know it for what it is .
Look them in the eye , and then look at what is on your plate .
They give their lives so we can eat–does n’t that mean that they deserve respect and yes , love ?
If you love the animals you eat , really love them , and know them , and stop looking away and simply accepting the way in which they are treated in our names both in life and in death , then I guarantee you will change the way you see the world , yourself and the other creatures who live in it .
You will have increased the compassion in the world , and in doing so , you will have taken a postive step toward making the world a better place for all of us to live in .
RSS feed for comments on this post .
Sorry , the comment form is closed at this time .
Clothing - optional tourism is a $ 400 million industry , according to the American Association for Nude Recreation .
And while several myths about nude tourism linger , the growth of this segment is undeniable .
There are 270 clothes - free and clothing - optional resorts .
But which one is best ?
Leave it to our friends over at TripAdvisor to expose the ten best nude resorts .
Here they are , along with what some of the site ’s members had to say about their experiences :
Elliott Advocacy is underwritten by Travelex Insurance Services .
Travelex Insurance Services is a leading travel insurance provider in the United States with over 55 years combined industry expertise of helping people dream , explore and travel with confidence .
We offer comprehensive travel insurance plans with optional upgrades allowing travelers to customize the plans to fit their needs .
Compare plans , get a quote and buy online at Travelex Insurance Services is a leading travel insurance provider in the United States with over 55 years combined industry expertise of helping people dream , explore and travel with confidence .
We offer comprehensive travel insurance plans with optional upgrades allowing travelers to customize the plans to fit their needs .
Compare plans , get a quote and buy online at Travelexinsurance.com
1. Hidden Beach Resort – Au Naturel Club , Riviera Maya , Mexico
Average Nightly Rate : $ 541
Nothing is actually hidden at this beautiful Kantenah Bay Riviera Maya resort that makes a clothing - optional vacation a truly luxurious – and liberating – experience .
According to one TripAdvisor traveler , “ Everyone is just there to relax and enjoy the sun and to unwind .
I can not think of a better place to do all of those things . ”
2. Garden of Eden Resort , Isla Solarte , Panama
Average Nightly Rate : $ 130
Tucked away on Panama ’s Caribbean coast , this pristine island ’s laid - back atmosphere will inspire you to experience Eden in the same manner Adam and Eve once did — without clothes .
According to one TripAdvisor traveler , “ Good food and good company in enchanting surroundings .
One can spend a day totally relaxing or exploring the waters and islands nearby . ”
3. Living Waters Spa , Desert Hot Springs , California
Average Nightly Rate : $ 260
Between the hot mineral water pools and the luxurious accommodations , Living Waters Spa is the perfect place for total au naturel relaxation in the California sunshine – tan lines optional .
As one TripAdvisor traveler said , “ If you enjoy a clothing - optional environment where you can just completely let go and relax , this place is perfect . ”
4. Terra Cotta Inn , Palm Springs , California
Average Nightly Rate : $ 149
Once a celebrity retreat site , the Terra Cotta Inn is now a relaxation destination where all visitors are welcome to feel comfortable and pampered , movie star body or not .
One TripAdvisor traveler called it , “ A place where you can feel totally comfortable shedding your stress , worries , and cares right along with your clothes . ”
5. Caliente Caribe Resort and Spa , Puerto Plata , Dominican Republic
Average Nightly Rate : $ 235
Stay clothed on the lush Caribbean grounds if you wish , but undress for a comfortable experience that is naturally delightful .
As one TripAdvisor traveler commented , “ Watching the stars and moon from the beachside hot tub was one of our most memorable moments . ”
6. Sorobon Beach Resort , Bonaire
Average Nightly Rate : $ 190
Visitors love the tranquility of this beachy ( and bare ) Bonaire haven , with its shallow barrier - protected bay that makes swimming , scuba diving and snorkeling a delight .
According to one TripAdvisor traveler , “ The total concept of being nude 24 - 7 was very relaxing .
The island is very beautiful and we will be back to this resort next year . ”
7. Cabanas Copal , Tulum , Mexico
Average Nightly Rate : $ 95
Relaxing in a seaside Caribbean cabana is reason enough to head to Cabanas Copal , but candlelit evenings in this eco-friendly tropical retreat make this in - the - buff destination even more appealing .
One TripAdvisor traveler said , “ Waking up in paradise inside a beautiful cabana surrounded by the jungle , and looking at the turquoise color of the sea , is priceless ! ”
8. Club Orient Resort : St. Maarten
Average Nightly Rate : $ 396
Pristine white beaches and uninhabited nearby islands often leave guests feeling uninhibited at Club Orient in St. Martin .
As one TripAdvisor traveler put it , “ Staying at Club Orient is as close to heaven as you can get without dying !
Nudity feels so natural that even first timers have no problem shedding their clothes . ”
9. Grand Lido Negril Resort & Spa , Negril , Jamaica
Average Nightly Rate : $ 523
Whether you dress up for a romantic meal , or really “ dress down ” at the clothing - optional beach , this couples destination combines high luxury and natural beauty .
According to one TripAdvisor traveler , “ The beach is beautiful , crystal clear water that is so warm and calm , and they provide floats so you can float all day in paradise . ”
10 . Punta Serena , Tenacatita , Mexico – Average Nightly Rate : $ 240
Featuring hot tubs overlooking the water , beautiful beaches and a lively bar and pool , this au naturel resort is a Mexican gem .
According to a TripAdvisor traveler , “ Overall , it was the most relaxing and romantic week we have ever spent at a resort . ”
Share this :
Tweet
Print
China View
July 320 , 2008
ROME , July 29 ( Xinhua ) —
The Italian government launched on Tuesday a scheme that will deploy 3,000 troops in major Italian cities to help patrol the streets , local media reported .
Italian Interior Minister Roberto Maroni and Defense Minister Ignazio La Russa unveiled the six - month pilot scheme , which will start on Monday .
They said the army , air force , navy and Carabinieri would work alongside police .
A total of 2,000 troops will be placed at the disposal of 16 mayors to guard black spots and immigration holding centers in cities including Rome , Milan and Naples .
Some units will watch “ sensitive ” sites in Rome , Milan and Naples — 51 in the capital , 20 in Milan and one in Naples .
The remaining 1,000 will patrol the streets of Bari , Catania , Milan , Naples , Padua , Palermo , Padua , Rome , Turin and Verona .
The last time Italy put soldiers on the streets was to fight a crime wave in Naples in 1997 .
Troops were also deployed in Sicily after a Mafia bomb campaign in 1993 - 1994 .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The evolutionary mystery of why our faces contort when we are scared has been solved by a team of Canadian neuroscientists .
When our facial expression shifts to one of eye - bulging , nostril - flaring fear , our ability to sense attackers or other imminent danger improves dramatically , researchers found .
The findings lend support to an idea first laid out by Charles Darwin in one of his less well - known tomes , The Expression of the Emotions in Man and Animals , published in 1872 .
Darwin noted that facial expressions of emotion were often remarkably similar across human cultures , and even the animal kingdom , implying they may have a common evolutionary benefit .
" Most people think expressions are social signals , that they are intended to communicate what someone 's feeling .
We 're saying they probably evolved as a sensory function first , even if they do help convey our feelings to others , " said Adam Anderson , a cognitive neuroscientist who led the study at the University of Toronto .
Writing in the journal Nature Neuroscience , Anderson and his colleague Joshua Susskind reveal how the classic expression of fear increases our range of vision , speeds up eye movement and improves air flow through the nose .
All of these reactions boost our ability to see or smell threats and prepare ourselves for the " fight or flight " response , where we either battle it out with our attacker or take to our heels .
In the study , Susskind developed computer models for the facial expressions of fear and disgust .
He then trained volunteers to pull each face .
A fearful expression required participants to widen their eyes , raise their eyebrows and flare their nostrils , while a disgusted face was the opposite : a lowered brow , closed eyes and scrunched - up nose .
Measurements from video footage revealed those pulling fearful faces were not only better at spotting objects either side of them , but scanned their eyes faster , suggesting they could see danger coming more quickly .
In another round of tests , volunteers pulling disgusted faces were found to have a reduced field of vision and slower air flow through the nose .
" Fear expressions open up the face and expose the sensory surfaces , whereas disgust does the opposite , it 's a protective wincing .
Fear is about vigilance and disgust is rejection , " said Anderson .
The team confirmed their findings by asking volunteers to pull different expressions while inside a magnetic resonance imaging scanner .
The images reveal that fear expressions open up the nasal tubes , allowing air to be breathed in twice as fast as someone pulling a disgusted expression .
" What we 're doing is psychological archaeology .
We 're unearthing the residues of the functions of these expressions .
Facial expressions might be more important as social signals , but that does n't explain where they came from .
This work explains why these expressions are common across cultures , " said Anderson .
In Washington , financial speculators have fat targets on their backs .
They are being blamed for high gas prices , soaring grocery bills and volatile commodity markets , and lawmakers are lashing out at market regulators for not cracking down on them more vigorously .
“ You study it , but you do n’t act against this incredible increase in speculation , ” Senator Carl Levin , Democrat of Michigan , complained to a senior official of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission at a recent Senate hearing .
“ Unless the C.F.T.C. is going to act against speculation , we do n’t have a cop on the beat . ”
Just this week , Senator Joseph I. Lieberman , the Connecticut independent , said he was working on a proposal to ban large institutional investors from the commodity markets entirely .
The same day , the Bush administration endorsed another Senate proposal to create a new federal interagency task force to investigate commodity speculation .
At least four public hearings have explored the topic in just the last two months , and Senator Lieberman will hold another session on June 24 .
Although it is common in tough financial times to blame the speculators , this escalating hostility toward them is starting to worry people with years of knowledge about how commodity markets work .
Because without speculators , they say , these markets do not work at all .
Dear Jesse :
You 're no Ron Paul .
You 're not highly educated .
You probably have n't read Hayek , von Mises , or Rothbard .
Your latest book is filled with poor grammar and disjointed thoughts , and is all about you instead of a philosophy .
Forgive me , but you 're sort of a big oafish goon .
But you 're also the only person at the moment capable of saving the United States .
A lot of freedom lovers looked to Ron Paul as the best hope for this country .
But for many people Paul 's positions are too radical .
Some people turned to Obama because of his anti-war , anti-religious - right , anti-big - business stances , but now those supporters feel betrayed by his latest pro-war , pro-faith - based - initiative , pro-telecom - immunity statements .
McCain has always been wishy washy on the issues , but you can usually count on him to go for the big - government solution .
Bob Barr might look good to some people right now , but just a few years ago he was impeaching Clinton , leading the Drug War , voting for the Patriot Act , and giving Bush carte blanche to blow up little Iraqi kids , so who can trust him ?
Those of us who call ourselves fiscal conservatives and social liberals — who are perhaps a majority of the population — have nowhere to turn .
We 've tried everything we can think of to tell the politicians to get us out of Iraq .
We 've tried to get them to impeach Bush .
We 've tried to get them to reduce the size and especially the scope of government .
But none of it works .
Everything keeps getting worse .
Maybe you did n't make the best decisions as the Governor of Minnesota , but you did your best .
You showed that you were not in the pocket of big business , that you generally favored the freedoms and rights of individuals over the state , and that you are an honest man .
Not only is that exactly the type of man we need right now as president , it 's the only type that we should ever let in the Oval Office .
This article : Ron Paul 's Successor proves that you can win Jesse .
You 're the only man on the entire planet who has a chance to defeat these guys and restore our once - great country .
Maybe you 're thinking that a few years in the Senate will give you the added experience to elevate you into the Whitehouse .
But America can't wait a few years .
You asked us not to start the Revolution without you .
Well we need to start the Revolution right now !
Please , for the love of freedom , forget the Senate and run for president now !
Today begins a conference on Global Catastrophic Risk I ’m attending .
Coincidentally , Bryan Caplan recently pointed us to a new paper by Andrew Healy :
Using comprehensive data on natural disasters , government spending , and election returns , I show that voters reward disaster relief spending but not disaster prevention spending .
This aspect of voter behavior creates a large distortion in the incentives that governments face , since the data show that prevention spending substantially reduces future damage .
…
Given mean annual prevention spending of $ 195 million and mean disaster damage of $ 16.5 billion , the regression estimates that a $ 1 increase in prevention spending resulted in a $ 8.30 decrease in disaster damage , and this estimate captures only benefits that occur in the five years from 2000 - 2004 .
My and other conference presentation describe other disaster biases , such as not paying due attention to the very largest possible disasters , and not make extra preparations against human extinction .
GD Star Rating
loading ...
http://educate-yourself.org/lte/pathtrainmindcontrol02jul08.shtml
July 2 , 2008
NJ -NY PATH Train Station Running AUDIBLE
Mind Control Programming ?
( July 2 , 2008 )
----- Original Message -----
From : Lois Layne
To : Ken Adachi
Sent : Wednesday , July 02 , 2008
Subject : Mind Control ?
Dear Ken Adachi :
Yesterday -- July 1st , 2008 - - at about 11:30 or so , I went to the Jersey City N.J. PATH station to take the train in to Manhattan .
When I came thru the door , the first thing I noticed was that the address system was on ... so I stopped to listen .
Figured that it would be the usual " train late - - something 's out of service " type of message .
It was n't .
It was incredibly odd .
I stood for a bit and listened and I heard things like ( seriously ) " Listen for the word ' the ' ... then there was a pause , and it repeated the message , " listen for the word ' the ' "
There was an odd pause , and I -- not joking here , I 'm dead serious -- felt this odd little faint vibration in my head .
Then the message would repeat , but use different words to " listen to " .... such as " wait " and some others .
What was odd - - well , there were ALOT of odd things about this , not the least of which was that it was actually happening ... but , I noticed that the pauses between phrases seemed to be in a specific pattern .
They would vary -- first it was maybe five seconds between one phrase , then the phrase , then a pause for maybe 15 seconds , then same phrase .. then another " listen for the word ' wait ' ... then a pause , etc. , , . but there seemed to be a pattern to these pauses as well as the phrases .
In beteen the phrases , I would feel this odd vibration in my head , and after a while , started feeling it in my body a bit as well .
I looked around me , and no one seemed to be stopping and listening , but that did n't mean anything .
Everyone was in a hurry to get on the train -- no one stops to listen , even when they talk about " elevator is out at exchange place " or " train to newark will be late " or whatever .
People have things to do , and they just keep going .
There is a police station in the Journal Square PATH , and I thought about asking them what the hell is going on , and then thought -- do I really want to be singled out like that ?
No .
Besides , about a week ago , I walked in the station and heard this siren sound , so I went to the cops and asked what was going on and they said that was a fire alarm going off but they did n't know where exactly the fire was , and they were looking into it .
Sure enough , by the time I got to the train , there were firemen in full uniform walking back to whereever it is they go there , and then the alarm stopped , so I figured they were telling the truth about the alarm .
But the cop I asked really gave me weird looks , like why is this woman bothering me ?
So yesterday , when I heard the phrasing and such , I just thought , I 'm not going to ask the cops anything , -- you know , just keep going and not miss my train .
Then I forgot all about it until this morning .
Now , I had a busy day yesterday , so it 's not odd that I would forget something like that , but still ..... When I came back from the city , there were no more of those type of announcements , so I just let it go , until I remembered it this morning .
I do not know what the hell was going on , but I thought it sufficiently strange enought that I wanted to mention it to you .
Oh , and another thing - - I do n't remember all of the phrases , I just remember " wait " and " stop " , but I KNOW there were others ... I have no idea why I do n't remember the others .
I just remembered feeling really creepy and I was trying to block out what they were saying so I got on the train as fast as I could , and started reading , to put my mind in another place , so to speak .
If you get any info on this , could you please put it on your website .
I can't have been the only one to have reacted like that , I mean , the station was full of people .
Very odd .
Anyway , thanks for reading this -- I really enjoy your site .
Sincerely yours , Lois
***
----- Original Message -----
From : Lois Layne
To : Ken Adachi
Sent : Sunday , July 13 , 2008
Subject : Re : Mind Control ?
Hello Ken ,
Sorry for the missed call .
We 've been having a heatwave and my huband is not reacting well to it .
More news on the PATH train .....
Friday , July 11 , I had to go to the city , and again , more evidence of , shall we say , social experimentation .
Down at the bottom of the stairs , where one stands in line to purchase a ticket to get on the trains ... were two policemen .
They were standing in front of a rolling cart kind of thingy , and on the cart was written something about having to show them your bag before you could board the trains .
I just could n't let this one go by , so I went up to them , and , very politely , asked when this had been started .
The taller one -- who was extremely humorless , grim - faced and had a shaved head --- the cops in Jersey City look like skinheads ( seriously ) said that it had always been in place .
I said , " Well , I went into the city last week , and this -- meaning the cart - - was n't there then , so what 's this all about ? "
" Nine eleven . "
( Everything , from diaper rash to traffic jams , is now because of 9/11 ) .
I said " Really ?
What do you really think that 's going to do to stop terrorists ? "
No reply .
Ok , whatever ... and I just got in line to buy my ticket .
The ticket machines are programmed to be very very slow , so you can stand there in front of the cameras for a while .
I was pulling a big rolling bag , but interestingly enough , they did n't tell me to open it .
So I 'm standing there in line , and watched the crowd when they saw the sign .
Most people ignored it , and just kept going .
( New Jersey is not ' Bush County ' -- it always votes overwhelmingly Democratic ) .
In addition , there have been tons of cases about racial profiling and police strong - arm tactics .
In New Jersey , the police are not your friends ) .
About three people walked up to the guys and opened their bags .
Now , this is what 's interesting : the second cop , who looked much friendlier , did n't even look in the bags .
He just told them , " That 's ok , we do n't need to see anything " .
They were n't doing a bag check --- they were doing a social experiment to see how many people they could intimidate .
I mean , they did n't actually stop anybody -- they just stood there looking mean .
They did n't ask me to open my bag ; they did n't ask anybody that I could see while I was waiting , which was about seven minutes .
I told you , these ticket machines are slow .
They just stood there , staring at people .
Did n't say a word -- they were just waiting to see who would voluntarily surrender their freedom .
I 'm proud to say , very few people did .
Lois
Comments
----- Original Message -----
From : Amanda N
To : Editor
Sent : Wednesday , July 02 , 2008
Subject : Re : NJ -NY PATH Train Station Running AUDIBLE
Mind Control Programming ?
Dear Ken ,
It 's no coincidence that on July 1st at 11:30 or so , there was a possbile " audible mind control programming at the NJ - NY Path Train Station . "
On the same date and approximately at the same time , while I was in a Lowe 's store ( Kentucky ) , a sound came over the PA system that did n't feel right to my ears or the person I was speaking with .
At the time , I was speaking with a Lowe 's representative regarding a lawn mower .
Then suddenly , over the PA system came , a high pitch sound .
It was very similar to the sound we hear when having a hearing test , but louder and more penetrating .
However , I paused for a moment , put my finger to my right ear , looked at the representative and was about to comment about the sound .
Before I could utter a word out of my mouth , the representative said
" I hear it too .
I do n't know what that is ... so you 're not going crazy .... I hear the sound too ... so we both hear it , so do n't think you 're going crazy , because I hear it too ... so if I hear it , the both of us must be going crazy together . "
Though I found humor in his comment , I felt a bit concerned about what was going on in the store for them to release a noticably high pitch , penetrating sound over the store 's PA system .
( again , the only other sound that I can equate it too is the sound from a hearing test , but much much louder . )
Though the sound lasted less than thirty seconds , I immediately felt the effects , but more so after leaving the store .
Upon leaving Lowe's , I immediately was hit with a headache .
I returned home and found myself feeling a bit dis-oriented ; whereas I felt extremely tired and drained in addition to the headache .
I actually had forgotten about the incident until I read the article on Educate - Yourself.com today ( 7/2/08 ) .
As soon as I read the article NJ - NY PATH Train Station Running AUDIBLE Mind Control Programming ? , the incident at the Lowe 's store immediately popped in my head .
I would also like to mention that where I am situated in Kentucky , for the past few days the sky has been littered with chemical trails .
It seems chemtrails were being laid all round me .
Considering I was gardening most of the day , I notice the tic - tac - toes , crosses , letter " X " , and other odd symbols .
As I gazed around me , I finally decided to speak - up ; thereby I summoned Sylphs to appear .
I also said " chemtrails it 's a blue sky day , so please go away , we do n't want you to stay . "
After I recited those words enough times , I felt my heart open and Love pouring out towards the planes that were laying the chemtrails .
I began to laugh and started dancing while reaching for the sky in a gesture to remove the chemtrails .
I could see the Sylphs appear .
I cheered on the Sylphs as they moved into the chemtrails .
Shortly afterwards , I continued about my gardening .
A little while later when I looked up to the sky , it was once again a blue sky .
Yes , we are in a silent , and yet not so silent war .
What it really comes down to is that each and everyone of us will soon realize that we must take responsibility .
That responsibility involves opening to the Divine purpose that all of us came to Earth to fulfilled .
Our purpose is to Awaken to who we really are , instead of living an infantile life based on who we 've been conditioned to believe we are .
It 's that simple !
As long as we hang onto our images of who we " think " we are , then the idea of separation will continue to manifest in the form of war , poverty , race , gender and all the other ism and schisms .
When we acknowledge , embrace and accept who we really are , Divine Beings , then the " fabulous arrangement " a.k.a NWO , will eventually lose its power over the collective consciousness and cease to exist in our minds .
Thanks , Ken , for the informative and empowering information that you continue to pour out to the people .
In All Ways ... Peace , Light ~n~ Love ,
Amanda
***
----- Original Message -----
From : Doctor Chuck
To : Editor
Sent : Friday , July 04 , 2008
Subject : NY train station article and more !
Hi Ken ,
I have wrote you before regarding the chemtrails and related stuff .. when I noticed the article on NJ - NY train station from Lois http://educate-yourself.org/lte/pathtrainmindcontrol02jul08.shtml and comments from Amanda I really wanted to drop you a line .
One to say hi and to drop some possible additional information .
First of all , I 'm sure the time was important , as you all well know how TPTB like to reference things in plain view that they think no one knows .
Kind of gives them an additional sense of power like they are hiding something in front of our noses , but only " they " know the code .
The time 11:34 and specifically 11:34:40 means " hell " and " oh hell " if you flip it around and make the numbers letters .
Just type those numbers in an old digital calculator and turn it upside down and you will see what I mean .
Second , regarding the " home improvement warehouse " referenced in Amanda 's article , I used to work there , and let me tell you it was the most miserable job I have ever had .
The " commercials " they play over the intercom system are indeed loaded with subliminal programming .
Not just for the customers BUT FOR THE EMPLOYEES MAINLY !
I had a little chat with their head of security one day and he told me all kinds if interesting things about them .
If you think that crap is bad while shopping in there , try working in it 8 + hours a day after walking around on concrete without being " allowed " to sit down .
Turns you into a mindless drone , for the good of the company .
Notice the long black strip in the center of the roof inside on the main isles also .
Its full of high tech cameras , all full color high resolution with zoom lenses and they move !!
They know they loose money to theft , and most of it is small items , bolts and whatever .. but those cameras watch the employees MORE than the customer .
The guy told me that in person to my face !
Add Nazi - like managers and rules and you have a horrible place to work for low pay .
I quit that place terminator style with a bang , and I 'll just bet that little piece of action is in a training video somewhere , and if ever shown to the public , who knows I might win an award !!
hahaha
Back to the point though .. every major retailer is like that especially that big super center .
I 'm sure you know the one I speak of .
What a piece of work that place is .
The subliminal programming is meant to disorient you and make you spend your money .
And they spent a lot of money to make sure it works .
I still have to shop there at times but I do so in sunglasses and mentally prepare myself before I go in .
I have n't seen the goon that I blew out leaving that day since , but let 's just say I 'll bet he has a different outlook on things now !
Chemtrail report : I have n't been able to get the cloudbuster yet .
Yes I know it 's been a year .
It 's still going to happen as soon as I can get to it .
But one positive note I wanted to include was that last week here in North Carolina , the sky was clear blue , like I have n't seen it since the 80's .
It was so incredible looking .
They have n't been spraying as much for some reason .
Problems with mechanicals possibly ?
Hard to say .
But it was such a relief to see that .
I wanted to take a picture so bad , so I could send to you to post , but did n't have the camera with me .
That was noon .
When I got home at 5 , the sky was getting white again .
But it has been less overall .
I believe they have changed their chemicals also .
If you have additional info on that I would like to hear it .
The chemtrails look different here as of lately .
Last couple of weeks I have seen a C5 Galaxy flying around A LOT , along with some helicopters .
My feeling on them was practice runs .
Just thought I would throw it in for whatever help it may be .
A reminder to all .
Focused intent does work .
Clean yourself up and believe .
We all have the power , let 's use it and have these parasites running for cover .
It matters not to me how bombs and intricate mechanical and electronic items work .
You do not need that knowledge to prevent them from doing their assigned thing or mission .
They are just not going to work here in this physical reality .
Love and regards ,
Chuck
© Copyright 2008 Educate - Yourself.org
All Rights Reserved .
In a fascinating interview with Scott Horton , investigative journalist Jane Mayer talks about her new book , The Dark Side , which chronicles the Bush administration 's dealings with torture , and offers some incredible ( and depressing ) insight into her superb reporting over the past few years .
The reaction of top Bush Administration officials to the ICRC report , from what I can gather , has been defensive and dismissive .
They reject the ICRC ’s legal analysis as incorrect .
Yet my reporting shows that inside the White House there has been growing fear of criminal prosecution , particularly after the Supreme Court ruled in the Hamdan case that the Geneva Conventions applied to the treatment of the detainees .
This nervousness resulted in the successful effort to add retroactive immunity to the Military Commission Act .
Cheney personally spearheaded this effort .
Fear of the consequences of exposure also weighed heavily in discussions about whether to shut the CIA program down .
In White House meetings , Cheney warned that if they transferred the CIA ’s prisoners to Guantanamo , “ people will want to know where they have been — and what we ’ve been doing with them . ”
Alberto Gonzales , a source said , “ scared ” everyone about the possibility of war crimes prosecutions .
It was on their minds .
I strongly suggest you read the entire interview , but this paragraph really stuck with me :
The sadistic treatment of Abu Zubayda also seems to have affected him psychologically in bizarre ways .
Two sources said that he became sexually obsessive , masturbating so much his captors feared he would injure himself .
One described him as acting “ like a monkey at the zoo . ”
A physician was called in for consultation — one of many instances in which health professionals have played truly disturbing roles in this program .
( I personally feel that the medical and psychological professionals who have used their skills to further a program designed to cause pain and suffering should be a high priority in terms of accountability .
It has long been a ghastly aspect of torture , worldwide , that doctors and other medical professionals often assist .
The licensing boards and professional societies are worthless , in my view , if they do n’t demand serious investigations of such unethical uses of science . )
Mayer also says that although Bush officials feared prosecution and frantically sought protection via legislation like the atrocious Military Commissions
Act , lawsuit are not likely because many of those in Congress who would spearhead such legal actions are themselves compromised :
An additional complicating factor is that key members of Congress sanctioned this program , so many of those who might ordinarily be counted on to lead the charge are themselves compromised . [...]
My guess is that the real accountability for President Bush will be in the history books , not the court room .
Glenn Greenwald pounces and tears apart the Democrats for their complicity in Bush 's torture regime / war crimes .
RELATED : Vincent Bugliosi : Bush should be tried for murder
Deep within the recesses of my hard disk , since time immemorial , a set of Linux tips lay in wait , lurking in a dark folder , until the fateful day when they were unleashed upon an unsuspecting node gel . . .
One of the most commonly used commands on the console is clear , but that 's an awful lot to type to get a screen full of nothing .
Instead , just press Ctrl+L , it does a Form Feed and gives you ( metaphorically ) a blank sheet of paper .
Picture this :
You want to know the size of a file in a directory , which has a large number of files in it , but when you do an ls - la , the names just scroll off the screen before you have a chance to read them !
So what do you do ?
Of course , the textbook answer is more or less to use more or less , but it 's often easier to use the consoles scroll back history .
Just press Shift + PgUp and Shift + PgDn to view whatever content had scrolled off the top of the screen .
It 's also handy for viewing boot time messages spewed by the kernel , which are not shown by dmesg ( if you boot into a console by default rather than X ) .
Note :
The scroll history of a console is lost every time you switch away from it .
The number of lines you can scroll is a maximum of 200 lines , and the number varies unpredictably ( but you will always have two screens full ) .
On a bash ( saying ' bash shell ' is a pleonasm ) , Pressing Ctrl +R allows you to find any previously used commands ( every command that you ever typed on that account ) that match the characters you type following , and each character you type will narrow down your search , until no more matches are available ( when you 'll hear a beep ) .
For example :
Ctrl +R l matches 'ls - la '
matches 'ls - la ' Ctrl +R le matches ' less README '
matches ' less README ' Ctrl+R Red matches 'cd /mnt/cdrom/RedHat/RPMS '
The characters searched can occur anywhere within the matching command , and need not be only at the beginning .
Most folks know that a process can be killed by pressing Ctrl - C , but it does n't always work .
In those cases , try Ctrl - \ and usually , the program dies ( with a core dump ) .
On MS - DOS , the Scroll Lock key never worked in the way the original IBM PC designers intended it to .
However on a Linux console , pressing Scroll Lock locks the scrolling ( duh ! ) until you press it again .
Note that it only affects the output on the screen , the system will continue to accept keystrokes , buffering them and any I / O not related to the screen , will continue in the background .
bash provides a feature called command completion , which means that when you type a few characters , and press Tab , you are shown any matching commands which are available in the PATH .
If there is more than one match , you 'll hear a beep , and pressing Tab again will show you a list of all the possible matches .
If you press Tab after entering a command name , it works the same way , except that instead of executable commands , you are shown files and directories within the current directory .
This feature is a part of the Readline library and is found on all programs which use it ( e .g , gdb - The GNU Debugger )
The default PC beep is quite shrill and irritating .
On Linux , you can modify the beep pitch and duration by sending ANSI codes to the console .
Send these codes with the following the commands , substituting your own values for m ( frequency in Hz ) , and n ( duration in milliseconds ) .
echo -e ' \033 [ 10 ; n ] ' echo -e ' \033 [ 11 ; m ] '
Personally , I find a 70 Hz beep nice and soothing .
If you want to run a command on a number of combinations of strings , for e.g. - you wish to create directories named foo1 , foo2 , foo3 , bar1 , bar2 , bar3 , baz1 , baz2 , baz3 , you can use bash 's brace expansion feature and type in a command like this :
mkdir {foo , bar , baz} {1 , 2 , 3}
mkdir foo1 foo2 foo3 moo1 moo2 moo3 bar1 bar2 bar3
The shell will generate all possible combinations from elements within the braces , thus expanding the above to ... You can nest brace groups , and prefix or suffix them with any string you please .
The usual way in which most beginners setup their Linux mount points , is to make a single large partition , and mount it on the root directory .
This seems convenient , because you do n't have to mess with multiple partitions , but you might want to at least mount / usr and /usr / src on different partitions , and also mount them read - only .
The advantage of doing this is that , in case there 's a crash or power failure , and you reboot , you avoid the nasty fscks on /usr and /usr / src , which typically contain the largest amount of data .
It 's convenient to setup a couple of aliases to remount them read - write , so that you can recompile the kernel or install a package .
After the write operations complete , you can remount them back to read - only .
On my system I used the following aliases in . bashrc :
alias Uw= ' mount - oremount , rw , defaults / dev / hda3 /usr ' alias Sw= 'mount - oremount , rw , defaults / dev / hd a4 /usr / src ' alias Ur='mount - oremount , ro , defaults / dev / hda3 /usr ' alias Sr='mount - oremount , ro , defaults / dev/hda4 /usr / src '
The most destructive command in Unix folklore is
rm - rf /
rm - rf /home / auser / foo
This not only destroys your whole installation , but also any files in other mounted filesystems .
Of course this wont happen if you are n't logged on as root , but many users do so anyway ( A very bad habit ) .
For example you might intend to do the following ... and leave a space between '/' and ' home ' , leading to the above mentioned cataclysm .
It does n't matter if the file permissions are read - only , when you use the -f option onwhile logged on as root , it will delete the files regardless of permissions .
But there is a way to actually nail some files down , so that even root can't delete them by mistake .
For this you can use thecommand , which allows you to set extended file system attributes for ext2fs , ( distinct from those that you set using ) .
The most useful attribute is the ' immutable ' flag , that will prevent deletion , unless the attribute is reset explicitly .
Set this attribute for / bin /* , / sbin/* , /usr / bin/* , and /usr / sbin/* , and also for your backed up files , to save a lot of grief when you inevitably screw up Read the man pages to learn about other useful attributes thatcan apply .
Linux never crashes except uh ... well sometimes . . . .
When you 're hacking the kernel , using buggy hardware or experimental drivers , it can do that .
Most of these crashes are not a complete breakdown , in fact , usually only the screen is blanked out , or the keyboard is locked up , while the kernel still breathes .
To escape from these situations safely , you can use a feature of the kernel known as the Magic SysRq Key .
To use it press Alt +SysRq+key where key is one of the following :
A - Show all available finctions
B - Reset the system
S - Sync disks ( Flush unwritten data )
O - Remount all filesystems readonly
U - Unmount all filesystems
K - Kill all tasks
The typical sequence is S O U K and possibly B after that , this will get you a somewhat clean shutdown .
This feature of the kernel may not be enabled by default , so just add the line ' sys.kernel.sysrq=1 ' to the etc/sysctl.conf file , to enable it .
Many a time the errant C / C++ program ( usually the XFree86 Server , or one of those buggy Gnome programs ) will go kaput with the following message :
Segmentation fault Core dumped
ulimit -c 0
Disclaimer : Many of these tips require you to be logged on as root .
This is 2007 and I wrote this in 1999 , much has changed and I doubt if many users still use the console a lot , but I 'm sure at least some of the tips here would be useful to someone .
As far as I can tell all these still work today , but your mileage may vary depending on the distribution of Linux that you use .
What it means is that the program tried to access memory , which was outside its data segment ( s ) .
In Unix land , this was referred to as core , a throwback from the days when mainframes used magnetic core memory
So , the program is terminated , and an image of the executable code along with lots of other baggage , is dumped to a file named ' core ' .
For those folks among us who debug , this file is useful to analyze the crash , but for the average user it 's just junk , which takes up valuable space .
To avoid this , you can use theinternal command ofin one of your startup files , to set the maximum size of a [ core dump .
The following command tells the system not to dump any cores bigger than 0 bytes ( no cores are dumped ) .
You can also set various other program limits withRead the bash documentation for more details .
The world - renowned bone expert , Sue Black , comes flying out of her office at the University of Dundee , tells me she is starving , and rushes me into the cafe .
She manages to simultaneously joke with the waiter , shout advice to two students , and read the menu .
Black 's face is warm but inscrutable , and her dark green eyes remain steady whether she is talking about rotting corpses or her childhood in Inverness .
For someone whose work includes exhuming mass graves , examining the bones of dead children and studying limbs found on rubbish tips , she is extremely upbeat .
" The joke is that they pay me for this , " she says .
" I love what I do . "
Forensic anthropology is the study of the human skeleton in a legal setting , usually in cases where a crime is suspected .
Over the past few years it has become increasingly visible through the work of Kathy Reichs , the forensic anthropologist and author , whose heroine , Temperance Brennan , works in the field , and is the central character of the popular television series , Bones .
Practitioners are often called on to help identify bodies that are decomposed , burned , mutilated or otherwise unrecognisable , including the victims of natural disasters , such as the 2004 tsunami .
( Their work is distinct from that of forensic pathologists , whose job is to examine corpses to determine the cause of death in murder cases . )
Black is full of fascinating detail about what can be gleaned from body parts .
For instance , if a person had a tattoo , but the tattooed limb is missing , the different coloured inks will be stored in the lymph nodes .
Having been called in to identify a severed leg washed up on a beach recently , Black explains that the chemical composition of the food the man had eaten in his final months led colleagues to where he had lived .
Bones can reveal the best - kept secrets .
Black recounts the harrowing story of examining the bones of a nine - year - old boy who hanged himself .
The lines of increased density in his legs meant that at regular periods - in this case , every 12 months - his bones had stopped growing for a time .
Black told investigators that children stop growing during periods of trauma , and advised them to look into what had affected the victim each year .
" They discovered that his parents would go on holiday , and leave the boy with his grandfather , " says Black .
" The grandfather had been sexually abusing him during that time , which caused the boy to take his life . "
I meet Black in the university 's department of live sciences , where she divides her time between teaching and laboratory research .
Unlike forensic pathology , forensic anthropology is dominated by women .
" My student intake is 95 % female , " she says .
" Boys tend to do the CSI stuff , in the laboratory .
Maybe it is because women are better at people - based subjects . "
Has Black ever faced obstacles on account of her gender ?
Laughing , she tells me a favourite story .
While she was working at St Thomas 's hospital , London , early in her career , some bones were discovered in a rubbish tip .
Police needed to check whether they were human or animal .
" As soon as I looked at them I knew they were n't human , but the policeman who brought them in was a miserable son - of - a- bitch , " says Black .
" I could tell he was looking me up and down thinking , ' What can this girl know ? ' "
Black sealed the bones in a plastic bag and put them on a radiator while they chatted .
" When they heated up I gave him the bag and said , ' What can you smell ? '
He said , ' Roast lamb . '
I let him believe he had solved the crime , and the next time bones were discovered , he brought them to me . "
Soon Black was doing bone work all across London .
I ask her about her most high - profile project , identifying the bodies of Slobodan Milosevic 's victims in mass graves in the Balkans - both for public record , and for burial .
Black headed a team of anti-terrorist police looking for human remains .
" It was horrific , " she says .
" The first scene we came to was an outhouse in the village of Velika Krusa where 42 men had been killed .
We had to try and identify them all . "
The techniques Black used included comparing dental records with the corpses , and examining markers on the bone to determine age , ethnicity and gender .
" People there just wanted to be able to lay their loved ones to rest .
We did the best we could to enable them to do that . "
I ask whether her work has ever put her in danger , and she reels off various scrapes , such as when the helicopter she was travelling in in Iraq almost crashed ; when she was bitten by a venomous snake in Kosovo ( " I could see the venom travelling up my leg " ) ; and when her Land Rover was booby - trapped in Bosnia .
" I need to hand over these kinds of trips to others now , " says Black , telling me that one of her three young children has begun to worry about her safety when she works away from home .
Black fell into her job , rather than it being a particular ambition .
" I was in the wrong place at the wrong time , " she laughs .
At university , she studied botany and anatomy , and in her third year , she was given a cadaver and told to dissect it .
" It was amazing to look inside someone . "
Black seemed all set to become a pathologist , but for a woman who appears fearless , it was her phobia of rodents that led her on to a different path .
" All the research projects in my fourth year involved experimenting on rodents , such as rats and hamsters , " she recalls , shuddering .
" I thought to myself , ' There is no way I can work with dead mice . ' "
The only other available project was a study of human bone , so Black signed up , and eventually devoted her thesis to the topic .
" I thought , ' I can do that .
Give me dead bodies .
Do not give me a rat or a mouse ' . "
Does her work ever upset her ?
" No .
You do this job because you are there to collect evidence and be an impartial forensic scientist , which is the only right reason to do it . "
She says that there are those who get into the field because they want to help people identify remains for loved ones , and reduce the suffering of those who are desperate for a relative to be found so that they can have a proper burial .
" That is very laudable , but once you start to do that you become personally involved , and once you become personally involved , you can't be objective .
I try to retain a clinical detachment . "
How does she deal with the horrors she sees ?
" I say to myself , ' I did not cause this , I am not responsible for this , I could not have stopped this . '
I am there to find answers . "
However , one unsolved case is personal to Black .
The disappear - ance of Renee MacRae and her three - year - old son , who went missing in 1976 in Black 's home town of Inverness , is Britain 's longest - running missing - person case .
Black , who was a teenager at the time , remembers the police knocking on doors in her neighbourhood shortly after the disappearances .
In 2004 , when the case was reopened , Black assisted during the dig for MacRae 's remains at Dalmagarry quarry .
Sadly , nothing was found .
" To come back almost 30 years later to be a part of a murder inquiry which was so significant to me as a youngster is incredible , " she says , and she is " deeply disappointed " that the case remains unsolved .
" I want to close it .
That one is a little bit personal , and it is dangerous when it is personal , but at least I recognise it is . "
How does she relax ?
" I do n't .
If I am at home I will find some work to do . "
What about watching a film , walking , having a meal out ?
" No , no .
I am hyperactive , and a workaholic . "
Would she ever turn to writing fiction ?
" Never , " she says , cutting across my question .
" I would never make entertainment out of my cases . "
She tells me that when she needs " moral guidance " she turns to the voice of her grandmother , who died when Black was a child .
" When I checked out that question on her , way back , she said , ' Definitely , no . ' "
Thanks to Black 's astounding level of commitment , her grandmother is not the only one with a voice beyond the grave .
Under the leadership of California Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger and First Lady Maria Shriver , The Women ’s Conference has grown from a small government initiative for working professionals into a far - reaching organization , a life - changing experience , and an international network of women from all walks of life , backgrounds and perspectives .
The Women ’s Conference event is the largest and most dynamic gathering of women in the nation .
Recognized for its unparalleled capacity to empower and inspire women to become architects of change , the annual conference unites more than sixty internationally - acclaimed leaders and visionaries with 14,000 women in one arena , plus thousands more virtually , to share enriching stories of transformation and success , words of encouragement and life lessons .
The evolution of women in gaming is another theme that will be discussed .
Are women prevalent in eSports ?
In this discussion , popular brands will introduce the ultimate guide about eSports for gamblers and a comprehensive guide to the various eSports leagues around the world .
Will be analyzed the progress to date and evaluate the potential for additional cooperation .
“ California ’s full economic potential will only be met when all women are supported in their efforts to contribute to the entrepreneurial spirit of California .
WE
Invest supports and empowers women and their families in this endeavor putting money in their pockets , hope in their hearts and a future in their hands . ”
Night at The Village
Experience an evening for Your Mind , Your Body and Your Soul with Maria Shriver .
You asked for it , and we listened !
This year , we ’re giving you more opportunities for book signings , networking , shopping , food and fun .
Also featuring a conversation with Rachael Ray .
Join us for the Night at The Village , a brand new pre-conference event .
EVENING RUNDOWN
5:00 pm Doors Open 6:30 - 7:15 pm Program Giselle Fernandez , Television Journalist , Prodoucer & Filmmaker Bob Foster , Mayor of Long Beach Kristin Gibbs , Lean Cuisine Maria Shriver , First Lady of California Roshawnda Bettencourt , 08 Poetry Out Loud Winner Rachael Ray , Chef , Entrepreneur and Television Host Valerie Bertinelli , Actress and Health and Weight - loss Activist Musical performance by Janina Gavankar .
Music and Lyrics by George Kieffer .
Spice It Up Stage
Want to learn how to make a dish quickly and easily ?
Check out Spice
It Up and hear from one of three well - known Chefs offering fun tips and recipes that will spice up your kitchen and life !
Mind , Body and Spirit Stage
Stop by Mind Body and Spirit to get tips on a variety of topics : from green living , to personal style , from the mind & body connection to being your best and of course , learning to find quiet in an increasingly noisy world .
Hear from world - renown speakers on how to lift your Mind Body and Spirit !
Spice It Up Stage 5:30 - 6:00 pm Rocco DiSpirito , Chef & Author of Rocco Gets Real , his fifth book .
7:30 - 8:00 pm Dana Slatkin , Chef & Co -Owner of celebrated Shutters Hotel .
8:30 - 9:00 pm Scott Leibfried , Chef , currently appearing on FOX TV’s Hell ’s Kitchen .
Mind , Body & Spirit Stage – Sport Events 5:30 - 5:50 pm Pam Peeke ,
How to integrate your mind and body .
6:00 - 5:50 pm Jesse Garza and Joe Lupo , How to find your personal style .
7:30 - 7:50 pm Jillian Michaels ,
How to become your personal best .
8:00 - 8:20 pm Lisa and Ron Beres ,
How to live a green life .
8:30 - 8:50 pm Bingo night , dances and drinks
The Women ’s Conference is a non-profit , non-partisan organization led by California First Lady Maria Shriver and her belief in the “ power of WE . ”
As a “ conference with a conscience , ” the conference has formed partnerships , developed programs , and supported initiatives — in California and beyond — to extend the inspiration of the conference beyond the day - long event and empower women everywhere .
WE Invest – Women ’s Economic Empowerment Program
WE Invest is a women ’s economic empowerment program , which supports organizations that provide women and families of the state with tools and resources needed to achieve financial self - sufficiency .
WE Care – Women ’s Health Empowerment Program
WE Care is a women ’s health empowerment program , which supports the work of CARE International , a leading humanitarian organization , to save the lives of thousands of pregnant women in Africa and Latin America .
The Minerva Awards – WE Honor
Named after the Roman goddess who graces the state ’s seal , The Minerva Awards were founded in 2004 by First Lady Maria Shriver .
Each year , five remarkable women are honored on the main stage of The Women ’s Conference for stepping forward in the spirit of Minerva and changing their country with their courage , strength and wisdom .
The Minerva Leadership Program – WE Lead
The Minerva Leadership Program seeks to inspire , educate and empower young women leaders between the ages of 16 and 22 who are civically oriented and socially conscious .
The Minerva Military Families Program – WE Support
The Minerva Military Families Program provides prepaid calling cards and other resources to deployed troops with families in California .
The Minerva Scholarship Program – WE Educate
The Minerva Scholarship Program recognizes and assists outstanding California women in their pursuit of higher education .
Get the transcript for the featured Accessibility film
Experience Voice Control film transcript
( Ian uses Dictation with Voice Control )
Wake up .
[ MUSIC PLAYS ]
The level readings on the gray and white microphone - shaped Dictation icon move up and down with Ian ’s voice .
( Ian dictating )
Voice Control is a breakthrough feature that gives you full control of your devices comma , with just your voice , period .
Text of Ian ’s dictation appears in Notes .
( Ian dictating )
It ’s a whole new way to do everything you love , period .
Like this .
Correct love .
The word “ love , ” is highlighted blue .
A list of numbered options appears below the word .
The options include replacement words as well as heart icons .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Sixteen .
A red heart icon replaces the word “ love , ” in the text .
Cut to the interior of Ian ’s house .
He sits in a motorized wheelchair in front of an iMac .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Open photos .
Photos opens from his dock .
The “ Days , ” folder shows May 15 - 19 , photos of Ian in his wheelchair riding along a roadside with friends on bikes .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Scroll up .
In “ Days , ” April 12 - 14 , photos of a man on a mountain bike and a tree - covered mountain at the edge of a lake .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Show numbers .
Numbers appear on the folder buttons and on each photo .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Thirteen .
A photo opens .
The man holds his mountain bike over his head in front of the lake .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Click share .
A dialog box opens : “ Share 1 Photo To , ” with a numbered list of options .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Three .
Messages opens , and the photo appears in a message .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Tim .
The name Tim appears in the “ To : ” field , then autofills to “ tim_abad@icloud.com . "
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Next field .
Let ’s ride this one today .
Thumbs up emoji .
The text appears in the message , along with a thumbs up emoji .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Click send .
Open Maps .
Maps opens .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Show grid .
The map of the Pacific Coast Scenic Byway is overlaid with a numbered grid .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Long press at twenty .
A pin drops with the tag , “ Marked Location : Olympic National Park , Highway , 101 , Port Angeles , … ” and an Info icon .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Open App Switcher .
Ian glances down at his wheelchair - mounted iPhone .
A notification pops-up : “ Maps , from ‘ Ian ’s iMac . ’ ”
A number four appears in the top left of the notification .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Four .
The Marked Location opens in Maps on Ian ’s iPhone .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Tap share .
Ian ’s contact , Tim is highlighted , with a Messages logo in the bottom of his photo .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Tap Tim .
The Marked Location appears in the Message with Tim , who has responded to the initial Message : “ I ’m down .
Let ’s go ! ”
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Tap send .
The send button , numbered 11 , is selected .
[ music plays ]
Jump in by Atomic Drum Assembly
Cut to a wide shot of Ian as he rides his motorized wheelchair across a pedestrian bridge over a river .
Now , the camera follows him from behind as he rides toward an evergreen forest .
Cut to Ian as he uses a sip and puff controller to ride along a forest trail .
Tim rides up next to him .
The two men smile .
( Ian talks to Tim )
Hey , good to see you .
Cut to Tim and Ian as the reach the shore of a lake ringed by green hills .
They look out at the water .
( Ian uses Voice Control )
Open music .
Turn up the volume .
( Ian speaks )
Alright !
We zoom in on the hills and the white clouds that fill the sky .
A white Apple logo appears in front of the clouds .
What do black holes , magnetars and supernovae have in common ?
They all emit X - rays .
But it ’s difficult , if not impossible to study certain aspects of the X - ray emissions from these powerful objects .
And there ’s much we do n’t understand about how black holes distort space - time around them , or how magnetars affect their surroundings , or how cosmic rays are accelerated by shocks in supernova remnants .
A proposed new NASA mission called Gravity and Extreme Magnetism ( GEMS ) , will use a new technique to study what has been unattainable until now .
GEMS wo n’t study the X - ray emission of these objects directly , but will build up a picture indirectly by measuring the polarization of X - rays emitted from these violent regions .
No current mission has resolution to do this , or in the case of magnetic field imaging , simply can’t do this because magnetic fields are invisible .
X -rays are very powerful , and like all light , X - rays have a vibrating electric field .
When light travels freely through space , it can vibrate in any direction .
However , under certain conditions , it becomes polarized , meaning it is forced to vibrate in only one direction .
This happens when light scatters off of a surface , for example .
In a similar manner , we use polarized glasses to reduce road glare .
The glare is simply light that has become polarized by scattering off the road .
The glasses are made to block polarized light , so they eliminate the glare .
“ GEMS will be the first mission designed just to measure the polarization of these X - rays , which will enable us to explore these exotic places in an unprecedented way , ” said GEMS Principal Investigator Dr. Jean Swank of NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md .
GEMS was proposed as part of NASA ’s Explorer program , and was selected as one of six missions for a detailed concept study .
NASA will select two of the six for development in the spring of 2009 .
One selected mission is scheduled to launch in 2012 , and the other is planned for launch in 2015 .
“ GEMS will be able to tell the shapes of the X - ray - emitting matter trapped near black holes better than existing missions can — in particular , whether matter around a black hole is confined to a flat disk or puffed into a sphere or squirting out in a jet , ” said Swank .
“ Since X - rays are polarized by the space swirling around a spinning black hole , GEMS also provides a method of determining black hole spin independent of other techniques , which is needed to check their accuracy , ” said Swank .
The heart of GEMS will be a small chamber filled with gas .
As X - rays travel through the gas , they release a cloud of electrons along their path .
Since the electrons tend to move in the same direction as the electric field produced by the X-ray , the instrument will measure the electron cloud to get the direction of the X - ray ’s electric field , which is the same as its polarization .
Original News Source : PhysOrg
CHICAGO ( Reuters ) - Nearly a third of U.S. parents know surprisingly little about typical infant development , and this lack of understanding can rob their babies of much - needed mental stimulation , researchers said on Sunday .
A man and his baby wait outside at a rally for Pope Benedict XVI at St. Joseph 's Seminary in Yonkers , New York April 19 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Lucas Jackson
“ There are numerous parenting books telling people what to expect when they ’re pregnant , ” said Dr. Heather Paradis of the University of Rochester Medical Center in New York .
“ But once a baby is born , an astonishing number of parents are not only unsure of what to anticipate as their child develops , but are also uncertain of when , how or how much they are to help their babies reach various milestones , such as talking , grabbing , discerning right from wrong , or even potty - training , ” said Paradis , who presented her findings at Pediatric Academic Society meeting in Honolulu .
She and colleagues analyzed parenting know - how based on a national sample of parents representing more than 10,000 9 - month - old babies .
These parents completed an 11 - question survey designed to see which parents were well prepared and which were not .
The survey asked questions like , “ Should a 1 - year - old child be able to tell between right from wrong ? ” and “ Should a 1 - year - old child be ready to begin toilet - training ? ”
The correct answer to both is no .
Parents who got four or fewer correct answers were considered to have low parenting knowledge .
VIDEO ANALYSIS
The researchers then compared these surveys with a videotaped analysis of the same families teaching their child a new task , such as playing with blocks .
They also looked at information provided by the parents about how often they engaged their children in enrichment activities , such as reading books , singing songs or telling stories .
They found that 31.2 percent of the parents had a low level of knowledge about what to expect from their child , and this was strongly correlated with lower parental education level and income .
“ The fact that almost a third of parents could only answer four out of eleven questions correctly was very surprising to us , ” Paradis said in a telephone interview .
Even when the researchers controlled for factors like the mother ’s age , education , income and mental state , they still found a significant number of parents with unrealistic expectations about their baby ’s development .
And that had a negative impact on the parent - child relationship .
“ Parents who had less knowledge had less quality interaction with their kids , ” Paradis said .
Paradis said one way to address the problem is to urge pediatricians to educate parents during well - baby visits .
“ My hope for pediatricians is that we ’re able to come up with some novel approaches to educating parents in the office setting , ” she said .
MINNEAPOLIS ( Reuters ) -
At least seven people were killed on Sunday by tornadoes and violent thunderstorms spawned by a powerful spring storm system that moved across the United States ’ midsection , authorities said .
Slideshow ( 13 images )
In Central Iowa , the small towns of Parkersburg and neighboring New Hartford suffered direct hits in the late afternoon from at least one powerful twister , killing six people and leaving a trail of 50 to 60 splintered or flattened homes and other structures .
Rescue teams armed with listening devices and expertise in digging through debris were searching in Parkersburg , a town of 1,800 roughly 80 miles northeast of Des Moines , said Bret Voorhees of Iowa ’s emergency management .
Another 650 people live in New Hartford .
A two - year - old child died in Hugo , Minnesota , near Minneapolis , where dozens of homes were destroyed by what was likely a tornado , according to local media reports .
The storms fired up Sunday afternoon and brought hail and high winds on a frontal boundary from Texas to Minnesota .
The slow - moving storm system formed on the divide between warm air to the east and cool air to the west , creating ideal conditions for tornadoes .
Tornado season in the United States peaks in spring and early summer but twisters also pose a threat in the fall .
Added to the two people killed on Saturday in Kansas when their car was swept up and tossed by a tornado generated by the same storm system , there have been more than 100 people killed in the United States by tornadoes so far this year .
“ We ’ve definitely had an unusually high death toll , which is the misfortune of having tornadoes hitting population centers , ” said Roger Edwards , a meteorologist at the Storm Prediction Center in Norman , Oklahoma .
Tornadoes are blamed for an average of 54 U.S. deaths a year between 1997 and 2006 .
The Storm Prediction Center , which tracks and issues warnings for the “ Tornado Alley ” between Texas to the Upper Midwest , said there have been reports of roughly 1,000 tornadoes this season compared to 500 or 600 by this time in an average year .
There may not have been that many tornadoes , though , as there can be multiple reports for a single twister .
This particular storm system produced tornadoes three consecutive days as it gradually moved east , though its intensity was expected to wane , Edwards said .
Many AIDS advocates and workers are from gay organizations , and often the line between AIDS and gay rights issues is blurred .
Among some uninfected men , so is AIDS and their homosexual identity .
In the public 's mind , to be sure , it is often assumed that to be gay is to have H.I.V. and as a result both infected and uninfected men have suffered similar problems , like AIDS - related discrimination .
Many gay men who do not have the virus have lovers and friends who do , and often postpone their own lives while seeing the sick through the illness .
Sexuality has been redefined , with health concerns providing the backdrop for sexual encounters .
One of the most debated issues among H.I.V.- negative men , some say , is how safe oral sex is and at what point it becomes unsafe .
Some men are gripped by such fears of acquiring the virus that they lose sexual drive .
Others agonize over the slightest physical change , and have themselves tested for H.I.V. several times a year .
The interior designer who does volunteer AIDS work says he has been celibate for the last two years .
The man says AIDS has stirred up deep - seated feelings , like shame over being gay .
But he says he is mostly depressed over so many dead friends , so many that he no longer keeps track of them in his journal .
" I feel very old , " said the man , who will attend Mr. Ball 's support group .
" I feel this gap between me and the rest of the gay population . "
Some men , unable to focus on their own lives , live as if they themselves are dying : they cannot make long - term plans , like pursuing a college degree , mental health professionals say .
And it is a sense of fatalism , some health workers say , that lead some to not use condoms .
When there is no future the consequences of actions lose importance .
The number of reported AIDS cases among gay and bisexual men has declined nationwide in recent years , pointing at the success of prevention efforts .
But several studies have documented a relapse to risky sexual practices , like anal intercourse without condoms , among men who had previously protected themselves to avoid H.I.V .
The West is becoming ' obsessed with Islam , ' Vatican warns
The West is becoming obsessed with Islam at the expense of the other world religions , the Vatican has warned .
Cardinal Jean - Louis Tauran , head of the Pontifical Council for Inter - Religious Dialogue , said that the Church “ has to have regard for all religions " and that the West 's fascination with Islam was putting inter - faith dialogue at risk .
Cardinal Tauran said the council had this week discussed new guidelines on how to achieve this .
The Vatican has warned that inter - faith dialogue is being put at risk because of the west 's fascination with Islam
" Islam is very important , but there are also other great Asiatic religious traditions .
Islam is one religion , " he reveals on Catholic website Terrasanta.net .
He added that Islam should not monopolise inter - faith dialogue and that it was just one of the world 's many religions .
" I 'm going to India next month and I want to give this message that all religions are equal .
" Sometimes there are priorities because of particular situations , but we must n't get the impression there are first - class religions and second - class religions . "
The Cardinal also criticised countries such as Saudi Arabia for not allowing Christian worship .
“ What is good for me is good for the other , so if it 's possible for Muslims to have a mosque in the West , we should have the same in Muslim countries .
This is not the case in many countries , " he said .
Cardinal Tauran 's comments come in the lead up to an inter - faith meeting in Amman , the capital of Jordan , later this month .
“ What was interesting about our discussions was that we did not concentrate on Islam because in a way we are being held hostage by Islam a little bit . "
Pope Benedict XVI has also convened a Catholic - Muslim forum for October in a bid to compensate for a controversial speech he gave two years ago when he suggested that Islam was " irrational and inherently violent " .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - President George W. Bush has the power to order the imprisonment of an al Qaeda suspect in the United States but the detainee must be able to challenge his status as an “ enemy combatant , ” a federal appeals court ruled on Tuesday .
A guard tower of Camp Delta is seen at the Guantanamo Bay Naval Station in Guantanamo Bay , Cuba September 4 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Joe Skipper / Files
The court , based in Richmond , Virginia , split 5 - 4 on both issues in a ruling about a Qatari national , Ali Saleh Kahlah al - Marri , the only foreign national held in the United States as an “ enemy combatant . ”
If the government ’s allegations about Marri are true , then the U.S. Congress gave Bush the power to detain him as part of its authorization for use of military force after the September 11 attacks by al Qaeda in 2001 , the court ruled .
But the court also said Marri , held in a U.S. Navy brig in Charleston , South Carolina , for more than five years without being charged , had not been given an adequate opportunity to challenge his detention .
The court sent the case back to a federal judge in South Carolina for new proceedings on the evidence of whether Marri is an “ enemy combatant ” subject to military detention .
Jonathan Hafetz of the Brennan Center for Justice in New York , one of the lawyers representing Marri , said Tuesday ’s ruling “ flatly rebukes the administration ’s view of untrammeled executive power , unchecked by any court . ”
The decision was the latest scrutiny of Bush ’s war on terrorism policies adopted after the September 11 attacks .
The Supreme Court rebuked Bush in a landmark ruling last month stating that prisoners held at the U.S. military base at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba can go before federal judges in Washington to seek their release .
Marri entered the United States on September 10 , 2001 , and was said by a captured al Qaeda member to have come to help operatives plotting a second wave of attacks .
A legal U.S. resident , Marri was initially detained in December 2001 in the investigation of the September 11 attacks .
He later was indicted in Illinois , where he attended school , for credit card fraud , making false statements to the FBI and other charges .
Marri pleaded not guilty .
‘ FRAUGHT WITH DANGER ’
The U.S. government dropped the charges on in June 2003 , when Bush designated him an enemy combatant .
Marri was taken to the brig in Charleston .
The appeals court issued seven separate opinions totaling more than 200 pages .
But Judge William Traxler ’s opinion was the controlling one for the divided court .
“ In these uncertain times , we must tread carefully when balancing our need for national security with our rights as individuals , ” he wrote .
“ This case is fraught with danger to individual rights and for that reason I expressly limit the reach of my opinion and decide no more than is explicit and necessary to address the issues presented to us . ”
Spokesman Brian Roehrkasse said the Justice Department was pleased the ruling recognized Bush ’s authority to capture and detain al Qaeda agents who come to the United States .
He said the government is studying the court ’s decision that also gives Marri a new opportunity to challenge the factual basis for his detention and will respond when the case goes back before the judge in South Carolina .
The ruling by the full appeals court did not go as far as the one last year by a three - judge panel which held that Marri must be released from military custody .
Only two others have been held as enemy combatants inside the United States since the September 11 attacks .
In January 2006 , Jose Padilla , held for three years at the same brig in Charleston , had his case transferred to a criminal court in Miami , where he was later convicted on charges of offering his services to terrorists .
Yaser Esam Hamdi , another U.S. citizen held at the brig for two years , was deported to Saudi Arabia after the Supreme Court in 2004 upheld his right to challenge his detention .
If you sit anywhere long enough - be it the banks of the Ganges or the saloon bar of the Dog and Duck - sooner or later you will hear someone say something interesting .
It happened to me last week in the most improbable place imaginable : the public gallery of the European parliament at Strasbourg , where whole aeons can pass without anyone saying anything remotely interesting .
The remark I heard , or thought I heard , was : " Broccoli has lost 80 % of its nutritional value . "
The implications of this were staggering .
No other item of food so powerfully represents the dictates of healthy eating against pleasurable eating .
" Eat your broccoli or else , " is the most consistent mantra of the average mother - son relationship .
In our household , we have staged - in my wife 's absence - NSB ( No Stupid Broccoli ) weeks as a counter - attack .
It has even acquired political resonance .
When George Bush Snr declared , as president , that he hated broccoli , he was furiously denounced by all the worthy mothers of America .
But I can tell you that Al Gore lost heavily among male voters because he was , quite obviously , an enthusiastic broccoli eater .
You can tell .
So was it possible ?
Had I misheard ?
If broccoli is n't good for you , what 's it good for ?
I rang Tim Lang , professor of food policy at Thames Valley university , who said : " I wondered when someone was going to get on to this . "
He put me in touch with a man called David Thomas who said : " At last ! "
Thomas is a Sussex - based researcher who did something simple , the essence of all major breakthroughs .
He went to the British Library and found all the past editions of The Composition of Foods by McCance & Widdowson , the Wisden of British nutrition , which notes the content of all major foods .
The book first came out in 1940 and by checking right back , he was able to plot some startling trends .
The problem is both broader and narrower than the Strasbourg broccoli remark suggests .
Thomas 's research refers specifically to trace elements , those obscure minerals which we all know we need because it says so on the side of cereal packets .
He discovered that , since 1940 , there had been some stunning declines of these in all fruit and vegetables : calcium is down 46 % ; sodium down 49 % ; copper down 75 % .
More specifically , carrots have lost 75 % of their magnesium ; broccoli has lost 75 % of its calcium ; and sodium has disappeared entirely from runner beans .
There are less dramatic declines almost across the menu .
Most of us are vaguely aware that we need calcium for healthy teeth and bones : that 's the sort of thing you hear from adverts .
But copper ?
Apparently , it 's a crucial guard against premature ageing in general , and ailments as varied as piles and emphysema in particular .
Sodium ?
You can get too much of it , but it 's essential to the working of the nerves and muscles .
Magnesium , meanwhile , has all kinds of magical properties in warding off anything from kidney stones to PMT .
And virtually all our intake comes from vegetables , fruit and nuts .
That much is accepted science .
There are at least two possible explanations for these findings .
Thomas himself thinks it is to do with the nature of modern agri-business , which has dumped huge quantities of fertiliser on the soil , increasing the content of the basic NPK growth elements at the expense of everything else .
Professor Lang takes it further back : to plant breeding in general .
Every keen gardener will by now have received a load of seed catalogues , offering all kinds of newly developed vegetable varieties .
They will have been specially bred to mature earlier , to resist disease , to last longer , to look better .
The unglamorous business of trace elements is way down the priority list .
And if that 's true for ordinary gardeners , it 's going to be 10 times more true at the industrial level , where our diet is controlled .
Thomas , it has to be said , is not a wholly unbiased observer .
He is in the food supplements business , which the EU is now attempting to control in the interests of harmonisation .
He thinks it 's possible that somewhere in these statistics are the answers to the mysterious increase in a variety of diseases and problems - diabetes , asthma , allergies in general , leukaemia , eczema and so on .
For all I know , this is drivel .
But there are questions here that require answers .
Professor Lang thinks so : " I do n't understand why nutritionists are n't looking at this .
It 's an issue that will come , I 'm absolutely convinced . "
In the meantime - and this is not going to go down well with at least one eight - year - old I know - the answer is not that we can give up broccoli .
On the contrary , we have to eat four or five times as much to get the benefit that would have been available 60 years ago .
Eat MORE broccoli or else !
matthewengel@ndirect.co.uk
Belgian fishermen have been protesting directly to the EU Fuel protests triggered by rising oil prices have spread to more countries across Europe , with thousands of fishermen on strike .
Union leaders said Portugal 's entire coastal fleet stayed in port on Friday , while in Spain , 7,000 fishermen held protests at the agriculture ministry .
French fishermen have been protesting for weeks , with Belgian and Italian colleagues also involved .
UK and Dutch lorry drivers held similar protests earlier this week .
The strike reflects anger at the rising cost of fuel , with oil prices above $ 130 ( 83.40 euros ; £ 65.80 ) a barrel .
Trade unions say the cost of diesel has become prohibitively high , after rising 300 % over the past five years .
Wholesale fish prices , meanwhile , have been static for 20 years .
Map showing countries involved in protest Fishermen 's leaders from France , Spain and Italy have been meeting in Paris to co-ordinate strikes and protests over the next three weeks in the run-up to a European Union fisheries ministers ' meeting .
The protesters are calling for direct immediate aid for the fisheries industry , coupled with increased subsidies .
The European Commission said in a statement it was willing to show flexibility towards the industry but it has ruled out subsidies to offset rising fuel costs .
Short - term aid packages were acceptable as long as they were used to address structural deficiencies in the fleets , it said .
' Ruin for fishermen '
Several thousand fishermen marched on the agriculture ministry in Madrid , where they handed out 20 tonnes of fresh fish to members of the public in an attempt to draw attention to their ailing industry .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Many blew whistles and klaxons , and let off firecrackers producing red smoke .
The BBC's Steve Kingstone at the protest said he could see flags from Catalonia , the Basque country and Galicia .
One banner read : " Soaring diesel plus cheap fish equals ruin for fishermen . "
Another chided Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero : " You are sending us to the cemetery . "
We must mobilise like the French and if we have to block ports , we 'll block them
Xavier Aboy , union leader
In pictures : Fuel protests Q&A : Europe fuel protests
One union leader in Barcelona said the country 's fishing fleet was at a standstill .
" Compliance is total .
The entire Spanish coast is at a halt , " Jose Caparros told AFP news agency .
The unions also say they could blockade ports , a day after French police forcibly removed fishermen blocking oil depots .
" We must mobilise like the French and if we have to block ports , we 'll block them , " Xavier Aboy , a union leader in Galicia , told AFP .
In France the authorities have offered 100 m euros in aid , prompting some fishermen to return to work .
At dawn on Thursday , French riot police cleared protesters from the Mediterranean oil depots of Fos-sur - Mer and Lavera , and a Total refinery at La Mede in the south .
On the same day police clashed with fishermen who burned tyres in the Atlantic port of Lorient , while hundreds protested in Quimper , Brittany .
On Friday , protesters blockaded the Channel port of Le Havre .
Hundreds of farmers have also been blocking oil terminals near the cities of Dijon and Toulouse .
In Italy , at least 5,000 fishermen are expected to strike , the main trade union Federcoopesca says .
The government has already refused emergency aid to the industry .
But the BBC's David Willey in Rome says many fishermen are adopting a wait - and - see policy as talks with the government continue , and in the Adriatic ports the response to the strike has been mixed .
" No boats went out " in Portugal , a union leader there said , and in the central port of Peniche boat owners set up a barrier to prevent unloading .
Bulgarian bus drivers are also planning a one - hour strike on Friday , following protests by lorry drivers on Wednesday .
FISHERMEN'S PROTESTS
France :
Many returning to work after several weeks of action after government offers 100 m euro aid package Spain : Thousands taking part in Madrid protest Italy : 5,000 expected to strike , emergency aid refused Portugal : Indefinite strike from midnight ( 2300 GMT on Thursday ) Belgium : Dozens demonstrating in the capital Brussels
Click here to return
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
If you 're using encryption software to keep part of your computer 's hard drive private , you may have a problem , according to researchers at the University of Washington and British Telecommunications .
They 've discovered that popular programs like Word and Google Desktop store data on unencrypted sections of a computer 's hard drive -- even when the programs are working with encrypted files .
" Information is spilling out from the encrypted region into the unencrypted region " said Tadayoshi Kohno , an assistant professor at the University of Washington in Seattle who co-authored the study .
He believes that there are probably many other applications and operating system components that leak out information in a similar way .
" I suspect that this is a potentially huge issue .
We 've basically cracked the surface , " he said .
The researchers say that people who are using full - disk encryption , where every piece of data on their hard drive is encrypted , do not have to worry .
However the issue pops up when users create an encrypted partition or virtual disk on their hard drives , leaving part of the drives unencrypted , or even when they store data on encrypted USB ( Universal Serial Bus ) devices , Kohno said .
Nobody really knows how much data can be recovered from a partially encrypted disk , but the researchers say that they were able to recover copies of most of the Word documents created for their experiment from the software 's auto - recovery folder , even though the documents themselves were being saved to an encrypted part of the disk .
" We just do n't know how much data is leaking out but it 's enough to be worried about , " Kohno said .
With Google Desktop , the researchers were able to read snapshots of encrypted files when the program 's Enhanced Search option was enabled .
The issue is not a bug in Word or Google Desktop , Kohno said .
Rather , it 's " a problem with the way these applications interact with these encrypted virtual disks , " he said .
Kohno and his team , which includes noted cryptographer Bruce Schneier , made their discovery while looking at so - called deniable file systems .
These are encrypted file systems require two passwords before they reveal their full contents .
They give the user a way to reveal a first encryption password without necessarily divulging the full contents of the hard drive because a second hidden section is protected by the second password .
Looking at the TrueCrypt 5.1a deniable file system , they found that this same kind of data leakage occurred , exposing information that should have been protected by the system 's second password .
The researchers say that the most recent TrueCrypt 6.0 software does fix some of these problems , but that their work shows just how hard it is to protect a partially encrypted hard drive .
Their paper is set to be presented at the Usenix HotSec Workshop , July 29 in San Jose , California .
A compound found in grape seed extract reduces plaque formation and resulting cognitive impairment in an animal model of Alzheimer 's disease , new research shows .
The study appears in the June 18 issue of The Journal of Neuroscience .
Lead study author Giulio Pasinetti , MD , PhD , of Mount Sinai School of Medicine and colleagues found that the grape seed extract prevents amyloid beta accumulation in cells , suggesting that it may block the formation of plaques .
In Alzheimer 's disease , amyloid beta accumulates to form toxic plaques that disrupt normal brain function .
The researchers tested a grape seed polyphenolic extract product sold as MegaNatural - AZ , made by Polyphenolics , which in part supported the study .
Polyphenolic compounds are antioxidants naturally found in wine , tea , chocolate , and some fruits and vegetables .
To determine whether the extract could mitigate the effects of Alzheimer 's disease , the researchers used mice genetically modified to develop a condition similar to Alzheimer 's disease .
They exposed pre-symptomatic " Alzheimer 's mice " to the extract or placebo daily for five months .
The daily dose of the polyphenolic extract was equivalent to the average amount of polyphenolics consumed by a person on a daily basis .
After the five - month period , Alzheimer 's mice were at an age at which they normally develop signs of disease .
However , the extract exposure reduced amyloid beta accumulation and plaque formation in brains of Alzheimer 's mice and also reduced cognitive decline : compared to placebo , extract - exposed Alzheimer 's mice showed improved spatial memory .
These data suggest that before symptoms begin , the grape seed extract may prevent or postpone plaque formation and slow cognitive deterioration associated with Alzheimer 's disease .
Moderate consumption of red wine -- approximately one glass for women and two glasses for men , according to the Food and Drug Administration -- and its constituent grape compounds has reported health benefits , particularly for cardiovascular function .
Pasinetti previously found that red wine reduced cognitive decline in mice genetically modified to develop Alzheimer 's disease .
In subsequent studies , Pasinetti and colleagues have attempted to isolate which of the nearly 5,000 molecules contained in red wine are important in disease prevention .
" Our intent is to develop a highly tolerable , nontoxic , orally available treatment for the prevention and treatment of Alzeheimer 's dementia , " Pasinetti said .
" The potential of natural compounds to provide real health benefits to brain function is only now beginning to be realized by brain researchers .
The lesson they may eventually learn is that sometimes you just can't improve upon Mother nature , " said Gary Arendash , PhD , of The Byrd Alzheimer 's Institute , an expert unaffiliated with the study .
Chemical analysis showed that the major polyphenol components in the study 's grape seed extract product are catechin and epicatechin , which are also abundant in tea and cocoa .
These components differ from resveratrol , a polyphenol that has been reported to reduce amyloid beta secretion in cells and generally increase lifespan by mimicking calorie restriction .
Resveratrol appears to be effective only at extremely high doses , which may limit its use in people .
In contrast , the catechins in the extract product studied appear to be effective at much lower doses .
Karen Hsiao Ashe , MD , PhD , at the University of Minnesota and Minneapolis VA Medical Center , another expert unaffiliated with the study , cautioned that additional research must be completed before these findings translate to a human population .
" Unanswered questions pertaining to the polyphenolic extract 's use in humans to prevent Alzheimer 's disease include : when to start taking it , for how long , how much to take , and most importantly , how does a person know if it is helping to prevent the aggregation of amyloid beta protein in the brain ?
These questions must be answered before polyphenolics can be recommended as a preventive measure for Alzheimer 's disease , " Ashe said .
The research was performed at the Center of Excellence for Research in Complementary and Alternative Medicine in Alzheimer 's Disease at Mount Sinai School of Medicine and was supported by the National Center for Complementary and Alternative Medicine at the National Institutes of Health , Polyphenolics , the maker of MegaNatural - AZ ( the extract studied ) , the U. S. Department of Veterans Affairs , Japan Human Science Foundation , and the Alzheimer 's Association .
7 Best 13 - Inch Laptops for Artists , Traveling Professionals , Students and Gamers | 2020 Awesome Buyer ’s Guide
This guide looks into TOP - 7 best 13 - inch laptops and peculiarities of the application of each model .
It also discusses strong and weak points of Windows and Apple laptops , advantages and disadvantages of using standard and hybrid units .
In addition , you will learn which use cases determine the product category you need .
A comparative chart of the effectiveness of each item will help you to choose the right unit .
What You Will Learn From This Guide :
[ show / hide ]
How Do 13 - Inch Laptops Work ?
The hardware inside laptops is , on a fundamental level , not so different from what goes into PCs , it ’s just got a compact form factor and engineering layout .
It ’s a challenge to pack the power of a PC into something portable , and the result is that they are n’t as powerful as high - end PCs as a result , compact stuff usually being about two and a half generations behind , sometimes three .
However , unlike most tablets , which use ARM CPUs ( which use less power and thus can run off of smaller batteries ) , laptops generally use x86/64 architecture in the form of an APU , which is a single processor array handling CPU and GPU , though some have two different chipsets .
The CPU is usually Intel or AMD ( AMD laptops are somewhat rare but not unicorn levels of rarity ) , and the GPU runs the gamut of AMD / ATI , Nvidia and Intel .
There is a space for compact ram , and usually a 2.5 ” compact HDD or SSD , sometimes both .
Many laptops of modern times do n’t possess an optical drive .
A backlit , high - resolution OLED or AMOLED screen attaches via a clamshell form factor .
In many modern high - end laptops , this also has a capacitive digitizer ( touch screen ) as well as pressure stylus magnetic signal sensors .
With touch - enabled laptops , the clamshell can bend completely backward , or swivel , to become a makeshift tablet .
A typical modern laptop will have at least two if not four USB ports , one or two HDMI out ports ( for monitors ) , an RJ45 LAN cable jack , an SD card reader , and a power port .
They will also offer Bluetooth and Wi-Fi without needing dongles .
In lieu of a traditional mouse , there is a capacitive touchpad just below the keyboard area .
These are horrible and nobody likes them , so when using mouse functionality , most people pack a mouse in their laptop case , either Bluetooth wireless or USB .
Laptops usually have one of two operating systems installed by the factory – Mac OSX on MacBooks , and Windows 10 on others .
Variants such as “ Chromebooks ” or “ netbooks ” do exist , but they ’re pretty useless .
Linux variants can be easily installed on all x86/64 laptops .
What Are The Types of 13 - Inch Laptops And Their Differences ?
In general , there are two ways to categorize laptops of this size – Windows laptops vs. Apple laptops , and standard laptops vs. hybrid laptops .
We ’re going to look at both categorization systems and their impact on what the laptop is good for .
Windows Vs. Mac
First , let ’s talk about Windows or Mac ( Apple ) .
I wo n’t lie to you , this is n’t coming from a completely non-biased perspective , but I ’m not here to be an arbiter of fair debate , I am here to inform you about the best choices for 13 - inch laptops , right ?
I do n’t like Apple products .
I never was wild about them in the old days , but they at least were as useable as any of the plethora of other platforms at the time .
Modern Apple products after Jobs ’ return , I regard as essentially overpriced and useless things .
Windows laptops are more common , as any laptop not branded as Apple is likely to have windows installed .
Pretty much any PC game will run on this platform ( if the laptop has the power ) , as well as any other big name software produced .
Windows is an open platform as far as development is concerned .
Mac laptops are only manufactured by Apple .
They have the same hardware as Windows laptops , but the price is severely elevated in the same way brand names make shoes or clothes artificially costlier .
Mac OS X is a cousin of Linux without the usefulness .
There are almost no games made for this platform , and support by business software and design software is sluggish , due to the walled garden .
Apple products appeal to three demographics : brand - conscious consumers , long - time Apple users disinterested in changing platforms after so long , and novices whom wrongly think Windows is harder to use .
Standard Vs. Hybrid
You wo n’t see a hybrid Apple laptop .
If you want a touch device by them , they expect you to buy a questionably - useful iPad or an iPhone .
That said , most hybrid laptops are going to be Windows , with a few Android or Linux ones floating around ( we wo n’t see Linux or Android ones today ) .
Standard –
This is the modern take on the standard clamshell laptop .
The screen may still have touch features , but they ’re not good for much with these .
What you have with these is a standard portable computer .
These tend to be beefier than hybrids , the expense of their manufacture going into the power for gaming .
This does not make all standard laptops gaming machines , but most gaming machines are standard .
Hybrid – Hybrid laptops have a capacitive multi - touch screen , which can usually fold a full 360 degrees forward or backward , allowing for tablet mode settings .
These are usually not as powerful as standard laptops , intended to be portable tablet replacements .
They also usually have a responsive active stylus with pressure and proximity , similar to a drawing tablet .
These are valued by artists and on - the - go professionals , rarely by gamers .
What To Look For When Buying A Product ?
Some things , you need to expect from any or all laptops , which we ’ll outline first .
Then we ’ll point out which use cases will determine which category you want .
USB Ports –
You want no less than two but should aim for four USB ports .
This allows you to add things like a real mouse , a gamepad , and other more comfortable peripherals .
– You want no less than two but should aim for four USB ports .
This allows you to add things like a real mouse , a gamepad , and other more comfortable peripherals .
HDMI
Out –
At least one , but two HDMI ports are helpful , allowing you to plug bigger displays in .
– At least one , but two HDMI ports are helpful , allowing you to plug bigger displays in .
Bluetooth – Pretty much all devices should support Bluetooth these days .
– Pretty much all devices should support Bluetooth these days .
SD Card Reader – Given optical drives are vanishing , you need some physical external media , and SD cards are the most likely candidate .
Which Category ?
Gamers – Gamers will want a standard laptop with a high - definition screen , more RAM , a beefier CPU ( four cores minimum ) and a solid onboard GPU – preferably not an APU configuration .
– Gamers will want a standard laptop with a high - definition screen , more RAM , a beefier CPU ( four cores minimum ) and a solid onboard GPU – preferably not an APU configuration .
Artists – Artists will , hands down , want a hybrid model , with good stylus and pen -to - screen .
Many of these have legitimate Wacom digitizer and stylus technology .
– Artists will , hands down , want a hybrid model , with good stylus and pen -to - screen .
Many of these have legitimate Wacom digitizer and stylus technology .
Traveling Professional –
This could go either way , depending on how much you value the ability to write on a screen .
Most business professionals will prefer a standard , average - powered laptop , though .
Who handwrites anymore ?
It ’s not 1901 anymore .
– This could go either way , depending on how much you value the ability to write on a screen .
Most business professionals will prefer a standard , average - powered laptop , though .
Who handwrites anymore ?
It ’s not 1901 anymore .
Students – Students could go either way too , but since they have more of a budget , the higher end of mid-range standard laptops tend to work well .
– Students could go either way too , but since they have more of a budget , the higher end of mid-range standard laptops tend to work well .
Casual Users – Casual users will also want a mid-range standard laptop , though one with decent RAM , good Wi -Fi , and a sharp screen .
My Personal Experience with a 13 - Inch Laptop
I ’ve had lots of laptops over the decades .
I had one of those early models that barely displayed more than a speak and spell .
I had one of the early 90s models with the little nub for a mouse ( those were so much better than the touchpads ) and blurry LCD screen .
I currently have a now starting to age , high - end laptop .
It was n’t marketed as a gaming laptop , but it played the games of the time .
I do n’t travel at all and keep my local running about to only when I need things .
I ’m a real homebody by choice .
So , that aging laptop is really just there for when I need badly to dump the contents of a CD or DVD to an external hard drive because some idiot somewhere decided modern PCs do n’t need optical drives ( and yet they give you the drivers and OS on DVDs … ) .
I want to talk about my experience with early hybrid laptops .
I had a Gateway that had an early touch screen that could swivel horizontally , to close , screen up , over the keyboard area .
It was n’t good as a touch device , but the stylus to the screen was like having an expensive Wacom Cintiq now ( those blasted things are far more expensive than they have any rational right to be ) .
However , at some point , out of nowhere , the latch became damaged , and I could no longer use the touch screen because , in laptop mode , the screen would n’t prop up .
Then , one day , it just decided it could n’t turn on anymore .
TOP - 7 Best 13 - Inch Laptops
Below , you will find a review of 7 best devices within the price range from $ 700 to $ 1700 that are available on the market .
While some models are preferable for traveling professional , others are best for artists or gamers .
Each model has different functionality and design .
In this review , you will learn which device is the most powerful and which one is the world ’s thinnest laptop .
1. Microsoft Surface Book 2 13.5 " | Best Laptop for Hardcore Business Work
I have tested Microsoft Surface Book 2 and can say with certainty that it is the best option for hardcore work .
Not only is it a great space - saving solution , but it is also a versatile device that will cope with most tasks .
With Microsoft Surface Book 2 , you can safely run professional - grade software .
The device is very fast and runs Adobe Photoshop and other heavy applications very well .
The laptop comes with the latest NVIDIA GeForce GPUs and quad - core Intel processors .
To sum up , this is perhaps the world ’s most powerful laptop - tablet hybrid .
Features
Operating System : Windows 10 Pro .
RAM : 8GB shared RAM .
Memory : 256GB SSD .
Chipset : Intel Core i5 APU .
USB Ports : USB -C port and 2 full - size USB - A ports .
Bluetooth : Yes .
Mouse Type : Multi-Touchpad .
Touch Screen Type : Touchscreen with Stylus Support
Performance
This product offers 4 different modes of use .
As a laptop , it boasts a sleek design and portability .
You can disconnect the screen from the keyboard and use it as a high - performance tablet with a stunning display .
In the studio mode , it allows you to comfortably hand - draw images and graphics using the pen ( sold separately ) .
Or you can simply detach the screen to watch movies and play games .
You will certainly like that the device has the maximum display resolution of 3000x2000 pixels .
On top of that , this is an excellent choice for traveling .
Not only is it amazingly lightweight , but it also comes with a durable battery that lasts for about 17 hours on a charge .
Pros Cons High - performance laptop - tablet hybrid .
Runs professional - grade software smoothly
Windows instead of a mobile OS .
An x64 tablet .
Great for traveling
Too pricey for those on a budget
Not the best option for playing games at high resolution .
Conclusion
This is an ideal device for people who need both a tablet and a laptop for their business tasks .
More importantly , it is great for those who want to take the best of both types of device .
This hybrid is still expensive but that price is worth it .
To find out what business capabilities Surface Book has , check out my recent Microsoft Surface Book 2 Review
Microsoft Surface Book 2 : Check the current price
2. 2019 Flagship Lenovo Yoga 730 13.3 " | Best Budget Art Laptop
Artists and designers are really the ones I see getting the most use out of these hybrid laptops .
It ’s easy to think that business professionals will value the tablet functionality , but honestly , nobody outside of artists wants to use a pen in 2019 .
They will value the keyboard much more .
That said , this Lenovo Yoga is n’t the beefiest laptop out there , but it has a crisp screen for the size , and Windows Ink digitization .
That ’s not as good as Wacom digitization , but it ’s still pretty good .
Features
Operating System : Windows 10 .
RAM : 8GB shared RAM .
Memory : 1TB SSD .
Chipset : Intel Core i5 APU .
USB Ports : 2 .
Bluetooth : Yes .
HDMI Out : Yes .
Mouse Type : Multi-Touchpad .
Touch Screen Type : Capacitive with an active stylus .
Performance
You ca n’t get many peripherals plugged into this one , because it has one Type - C USB ( which nothing uses right now ) , and one 3.0 standard USB port .
So , you can maybe plug in your mouse , but are stuck using either a USB hub , a Bluetooth keyboard if you want one while this thing is in “ tablet mode ” .
For artists , which is really what these hybrids are for mostly , it will run Photoshop well , and Sai well , but may lag with Clip Studio or Krita .
Expect Illustrator or Animate to be very sluggish when they first launch .
The pressure is n’t quite as crisp or precise as Wacom digitization either , so if you ’re used to a Wacom drawing tablet or are one of the few lucky independently wealthy people who ’s used a Cintiq , this may feel a little less able to you at first .
Pros Cons Affordable , relatively speaking .
Durable .
Good enough for artists on a budget .
Runs Windows 64 - bit , sparing you from horrible Android or iOS art programs .
The stylus is nice .
The sound is decent .
Ca n’t game worth a damn , thanks to using an APU .
Not as precise as it could be .
Not enough USB ports .
Battery life is n’t amazing .
Conclusion
If you ’re an artist or a business person who really values handwritten notes ( all three of you on this planet ) , this will be a laptop you ’ll enjoy , for the price .
There are better hybrid laptops out there , and we ’re going to look at at least one of them shortly , but for the price , I am okay with recommending this one .
Lenovo Yoga 730 : Check the current price
3. ASUS ZenBook UX330UA - AH5Q 13.3 - inch QHD + Ultra -Slim Laptop | Best for Traveling Professionals
This standard laptop by Asus actually could game pretty decently , though we ’re going to look at a real gaming laptop soon .
This one is great for business professionals , with its sharp screen and strong CPU configuration for multitasking , as well as its solid Wi-Fi .
Features
Operating System : Windows 10 .
RAM : 8GB shared RAM .
Memory : 1TB SSD .
Chipset : Intel Core i5 and Intel GPU .
USB Ports : 2 .
Bluetooth : Yes .
HDMI Out : Yes .
Mouse Type : Multi-Touchpad .
Touch Screen Type : N / A
Performance
First of all , come on , it ’s Asus , and that should still mean something even in this new world of weird product standards .
This is a good laptop for traveling professionals , and it can work as a casual personal computer during downtime .
It ’ll game alright , though do n’t expect the latest and greatest games to work on it , at least not at not - low settings .
It ’ll do fine for HD video , and could even be passable for video production .
The lack of USB ports makes this horrible for artists or designers though .
Pros Cons Affordable , relatively speaking .
Solid for business .
Decent screen .
Balanced machine .
Not an APU .
Worthless to artists .
Not enough USB ports .
Battery life is n’t amazing .
Conclusion
Business professionals who want some actually decent power and durability will enjoy this laptop , so I am very comfortable recommending it to those demographics .
I hate how few USB ports these things have lately , and wasting one of them on Type C which I really do n’t see as catching on at this point , hurts it for anyone else .
ASUS ZenBook : Check the current price
4. Dell XPS 13 9360 13.3 " Full HD Anti-Glare InfinityEdge Touchscreen Laptop | Best for Students and Casual Use
This Dell is probably the most balanced machine overall , with the only ones left out being artists , due to the standard type of laptop .
This laptop offers a Kaby Lake , which is a weaker cousin of my massive desktop ’s Skylake CPU .
This is a beefy laptop , but the graphics chipset is APU - based , making this not that great for gamers that need the real oomph .
This is a good general use laptop , viable for people who do n’t specialize in one or another use of computers .
It has some problems that ’re becoming familiar at this point , though .
Features
Operating System : Windows 10 .
RAM : 8GB shared RAM .
Memory : 1TB SSD .
Chipset : Intel Core i5 Kaby Lake APU .
USB Ports : 2 .
Bluetooth : Yes .
HDMI Out : Yes .
Mouse Type : Multi-Touchpad .
Touch Screen Type : N / A
Performance
This is a balanced machine , but it has an ongoing problem we ’re seeing with a lot of these laptops .
I do n’t understand this persistence to leave out commonly - used technologies as if limitations are a feature .
Once more , two USB ports , one of which is practically useless due to being a Type - C. Given there are a handful of Type - C devices , but countless standard 3.0 devices , I just do n’t understand this .
My laptop has four USB ports , and it ’s just as compact as this one .
Why oh why are they doing this ?
By the time you plug in a real mouse , you ’re out of places to plug anything else in , unless you use a hub .
Pros Cons Affordable , relatively speaking .
Solid for business .
Decent screen .
Balanced machine .
Worthless to artists .
Not enough USB ports .
Battery life is n’t amazing .
Is an APU .
Conclusion
I ’m comfortable recommending this to students or people who just want a balanced laptop experience .
It ’ll game alright ( though not amazingly ) , it ’ll handle business and internet tasks with ease , and it ’s got a good , quality build with solid , powerful hardware .
However , as I said , this lack of USB ports irritates the heck out of me .
Dell XPS : Check the current price
5. Apple MacBook Air ( 13 - inch Retina display , 1.6GHz dual - core Intel Core i5 , 128GB ) | Best Air Laptop
Alright , I was n’t looking forward to this one , because I try to look for the best applications for given laptops and other devices .
But honestly , this is something I can only recommend to the limited demographics for an Apple laptop .
Hardware - wise , it ’s fine , though it should n’t cost any more than the Dell we just looked at , because it ’s not much different .
It does have a separate graphics chipset , not that that matters much since Apple is n’t supported by any game developers ( they do n’t want to have to buy an expensive Apple computer and a ridiculous four thousand dollar license to compile Mac OS programs ) .
Features
Operating System : Mac OS X .
RAM : 8GB shared RAM .
Memory : 256GB SSD .
Chipset : Intel Core i5 and UHD Graphics 617 .
USB Ports : 2 ( Apple proprietary ) .
Bluetooth : Yes .
HDMI Out : Yes .
Mouse Type : Multi-Touchpad .
Touch Screen Type : N / A
Performance
Okay .
There ’s nothing wrong with the hardware in this machine , it ’s your bog standard high - end casual - use laptop hardware profile .
It ’s an Intel - based design .
However , it ’s vastly overpriced for what it is because that ’s how Apple does .
OS X is pretty useless , too , and only Mac “ fans ” would argue otherwise .
The closed environment , the lack of games , the slow support for art and professional programs , the complete removal of system - level control … this OS is an evolutionary dead end , and it will be extinct within the next ten years , as younger adopters of computers do n’t pick Apple up unless maybe it ’s an iPhone ( and that ’s on borrowed time too ) .
If you ’re some brand - conscious hipster , this is the laptop for you .
If you ’re a long - time OS X user who is content with the limited abilities of it , and do n’t want to change platforms ( and I am not judging you if this is the case ) , this is the laptop for you .
If you ’re a new computer user who thinks OS X will make things easier for you than windows , stop right here , and go buy that Dell .
Pros Cons Decent build quality .
Is n’t proprietary hardware .
Slim .
OS X is worthless and has a poor software catalog .
This thing is criminally overpriced .
It has to be jailbroken , just like iPhones , to get out of Apple ’s draconian control of everything .
Conclusion
I ’m really only comfortable recommending anything by Apple to those brand - obsessed people ( begrudgingly ) , or to long - time Apple users who simply do n’t want to change platforms , and do n’t need the extended use real operating systems to provide .
Sorry , Apple lovers , but this is definitely the black sheep on this list .
Apple MacBook : Check the current price
However , if you want the most lightweight laptop in the world , opt for a 12 - Inch MacBook that weighs just 2 lbs .
And not only is it the thinnest one , it is powerful enough , with 8 GB of memory and up to 10 hours of battery life .
The 7th - generation Intel Core m3 makes the device work faster while its SSD storage is 50 % faster .
6. HP Spectre x360 - 13t Quad Core ( 8th Gen Intel i7-8550U , 16GB RAM , 512GB PCIe NVMe SSD | Best Laptop for Artists
This is a powerful machine , but I recommend it really , only to artists .
The stylus is fantastic , with great pressure , and a Wacom driver can be added to make the Ink platform even better .
Features
Operating System : Windows 10 .
RAM : 16GB shared RAM .
Memory : 512GB SSD .
Chipset : Intel Core i7 APU .
USB Ports : 2 .
Bluetooth : Yes .
HDMI Out : Yes .
Mouse Type : Multi-Touchpad .
Touch Screen Type : Multi - touch with an active stylus .
Performance
If the price of this did n’t make me want to cry , I ’d have one of these for my artistic pursuits .
It ’s a hell of a lot cheaper than a Cintiq , but not cheap enough for me .
However , artists with money to spend , this is definitely a device worth getting .
Do n’t spend almost six figures on a Cintiq , when this works just as good .
Pros Cons Great Cintiq alternative .
No good for gaming .
Expensive .
Conclusion
I recommend this one to artists not on a budget .
Do n’t spend the money on a Cintiq , get one of these .
HP Spectre : Check the current price
7. Alienware AW13R3-7420SLV-PUS
13.3 " Gaming Laptop | Best High - End Laptop for Gamers
If you want a laptop capable of high - end modern gaming , then this is about the best you can do .
No laptop currently on the market can size up to a 1080i gaming rig , because that technology just is n’t properly miniaturized yet .
Alienware has been a renowned brand in gaming laptops and gaming towers for some time , providing both AMD and Nvidia - bases chipsets , depending on your preference .
This is a standard - form laptop , meaning it has no touch screen technology , no stylus , etc .
However , if you ’re wanting to do video editing , the gaming hardware in it can do that , but it ’s wasted on business or art endeavors mostly .
Features
Chipset : Gen 7 Core i7 and Nvidia GTX 1060 GPU .
RAM : 16GB .
Memory : 512 GB SSD .
Bluetooth : Yes .
USB Ports : 4 .
HDMI Out : Yes .
HD Audio : Yes .
Mouse : Multi - touch capacitive touchpad .
Touchscreen : N/A .
Performance
As I said , this does n’t quite qualify as a modern , UHD gaming rig – you ca n’t miniaturize current - generation stuff into a laptop .
They tend to be at least a generation behind contemporary desktops .
It ’s just unavoidable honestly .
However , this machine will run modern AAA games at almost the highest settings .
The GTX 1060 is a beastly GPU , an ancestor of the 1080i dual setup I have in my new machine .
However , there are some downsides to a design like this .
For one , 13 ” is n’t the best screen size for gaming , though it does make it more portable .
For another , this thing runs hot .
That is n’t to say it runs dangerously hot , but it will cook your lap if you ’re not careful .
It has very solid ventilation and fan systems , but heat ca n’t all be conducted out of these vents .
That said , you ’ll want an extra fan deck between yourself and this laptop if you ’re running really intense games .
Another thing to bear in mind is that this GPU eats a lot of power , meaning that you ’ll drain your battery very quickly while running extreme modern games .
These are just trade offs you make with powerful laptops in general , though .
This is a very solid , powerful laptop for gamers on the go , and the high - quality Wi-Fi transponder means you ’ll enjoy very reliable , responsive online gaming through this machine as well .
An interesting side note :
This laptop is featured in the hit sitcom series “ Big Bang Theory ” , commonly used by the popular character , Sheldon .
Pros Cons Powerful GPU .
Lots of RAM .
Excellent connectivity .
Sharp display .
Solid build .
Reputable manufacturer .
Surprisingly light weight for its design .
512GB is awful small to install games to .
No optical drive makes the above an even bigger problem .
It gets very hot .
13 ” is a small screen for gaming .
Conclusion
I ’m not a big laptop gamer , but if you want real mobile gaming , not the cookie clicker substitutes for mobile devices , this Alienware will definitely fit the bill .
It ’s definitely not cheap , though !
Alienware : Check the current price
Comparative Chart of 13 - Inch Laptop Effectiveness
Product Features Flaghsip Lenovo • Operating System : Windows 10 .
• RAM : 8 GB shared RAM .
• Memory : 1TB SSD .
• Chipset : Intel Core i5 APU .
• USB Ports : 2 .
• Bluetooth : Yes .
• HDMI Out : Yes .
• Mouse Type : Multi-Touchpad .
• Touch Screen Type : Capacitive with an active stylus .
Effectiveness : 8 ASUS ZenBook • Operating System : Windows 10 .
• RAM : 8 GB shared RAM .
• Memory : 1TB SSD .
• Chipset : Intel Core i5 and Intel GPU .
• USB Ports : 2 .
• Bluetooth : Yes .
• HDMI Out : Yes .
• Mouse Type : Multi-Touchpad .
• Touch Screen Type : N / A Effectiveness : 9 Dell XPS • Operating System : Windows 10 .
• RAM : 8 GB shared RAM .
• Memory : 1TB SSD .
• Chipset : Intel Core i5 Kaby Lake APU .
• USB Ports : 2 .
• Bluetooth : Yes .
• HDMI Out : Yes .
• Mouse Type : Multi-Touchpad .
• Touch Screen Type : N / A Effectiveness : 10 Apple MacBook • Operating System : Mac OS X .
• RAM : 8 GB shared RAM .
• Memory : 256GB SSD .
• Chipset : Intel Core i5 and UHD Graphics 617 .
• USB Ports : 2 ( Apple proprietary ) .
• Bluetooth : Yes .
• HDMI Out : Yes .
• Mouse Type : Multi-Touchpad .
• Touch Screen Type : N / A Effectiveness : 9 Microsoft Surface Book 2 • Operating System : Windows 10 .
• RAM : 8 GB shared RAM .
• Memory : 256GB SSD .
• Chipset : Intel Core i5 APU .
• USB Ports : 2 .
• Bluetooth : Yes .
• HDMI Out : Yes .
• Mouse Type : Multi-Touchpad .
• Touch Screen Type : N / A Effectiveness : 9 HP Spectre • Operating System : Windows 10 .
• RAM : 16GB shared RAM .
• Memory : 512GB SSD .
• Chipset : Intel Core i7 APU .
• USB Ports : 2 .
• Bluetooth : Yes .
• HDMI Out : Yes .
• Mouse Type : Multi-Touchpad .
• Touch Screen Type : Multi - touch with an active stylus .
Effectiveness : 10 Alienware • Chipset : Gen 7 Core i7 and Nvidia GTX 1060 GPU .
• RAM : 16GB .
• Memory : 512 GB SSD .
• Bluetooth : Yes .
• USB Ports : 4 .
• HDMI Out : Yes .
• HD Audio : Yes .
• Mouse : Multi - touch capacitive touchpad .
• Touchscreen : N/A. Effectiveness : 10
Laptops ' History
Laptops are n’t a brand new technology , not by a long shot .
Since the dawn of the PC itself , efforts were made to create a truly portable , fully - functional computer comparable to the desktops of the day .
To some extent , this was achieved by those early devices , though by no means in display technology .
The problem was , back then , there were no viable color LCD display systems .
CRTs were the only way to get anything of resolution or color ( when computers even supported many colors ) .
CRTs are not very portable if they ’re going to have much in the way of screen size .
Thus , most of these early portable machines used grayscale LCD panels similar to the pocket organizers of the 1990s , which made for very limited display capabilities .
Gaming on these things was not really an option .
Vacuum fluorescent displays , albeit monochrome orange , did help – most people were used to their computers not doing much color at the time anyhow , but these were battery drains of epic proportions .
By the dawn of the 1990s , color , backlit LCD became a reality , though it had a problem with “ ghosting ” where a motion of any real frame rate caused significant blurring .
This was abated by the time Windows 95 came out , in most decent laptops .
Today , despite the advent of tablets and smartphones , laptops are not going away any sooner than desktop PCs .
Even as these smaller devices continue to advance to a point where they can rival laptops and PCs , they simply wo n’t be replacing them , and that ’s for one reason alone : keyboards .
Even two hundred years from now , with touchscreens that have realistic tactile feedback , real keyboards are n’t going to disappear .
On a touch screen , they occupy real estate , and for larger displays than a tablet or phone , things just become awkward .
So , laptops and desktop PCS are n’t going anywhere .
Now , modern laptops have absorbed some of the tablet concepts such as multi- touch screens and active stylus interfaces , but a real keyboard ( and this additional space for hardware ) remain .
These devices simply have the ability to fold back the other direction to become “ tablet mode ” devices , with the keyboard out of the way if desired .
FAQ
That depends on what you want to use it for .
I think by this point , I ’ve answered this one pretty clearly in TOP - 7 Best 13 - Inch Laptops .
Here are best laptops for hardcore business work and for traveling professionals , for artists and gamers .
Which 13 - inch laptop to buy ?
Technically no , but I would say “ yes ” .
But there is a solid , powerful laptop for gamers on the go .
It has a solid ventilation and fan system , a high - quality Wi-Fi transponder to play very comfortably .
Is a 13 - inch laptop too small for gaming ?
Yes , in my TOP - 7 Best 13 - inch laptops you will find the most powerful laptop - tablet hybrid which runs professional - grade software smoothly and is good for programming .
Is it good for programming ?
What is a good screen resolution for a 13 - inch laptop ?
1080 p , possibly 2K .
How do you measure a laptop for a sleeve ?
Just the width , height , and depth .
If it ’s based on screen size , diagonal from the upper left of the actual screen , to lower right .
Pros & Cons of Using These Products
Pros
Portable .
Productized enough to make choices easy .
Some really good stuff for art .
A good compromise between the bulkiness of a powerful computer , and the light - weight uselessness of mobile devices .
Cons
Hard to repair .
Impossible to custom design .
Impossible to upgrade .
Tends to lack much in the way of USB ports .
Runs hot .
Needs to be recharged .
Keyboards are cramped .
Touchpads are evil .
Conclusion
Laptops have a lot of usefulness .
They provide portability while allowing for actual intuitive input .
I am confident that one of these laptops will provide you with the quality experience you desire .
Be it for art , for business , for casual use , or for gaming , there ’s a laptop out there for everyone !
Read also our articles about a laptops :
Best 17 - inch laptops
Best laptops for music production
Best Laptop Stands
Best Laptop Stands for Bed
Best Laptop Cooling Pads
September 2001
( This article explains why much of the next generation of software may be server - based , what that will mean for programmers , and why this new kind of software is a great opportunity for startups .
It 's derived from a talk at BBN Labs . )
In the summer of 1995 , my friend Robert Morris and I decided to start a startup .
The PR campaign leading up to Netscape 's IPO was running full blast then , and there was a lot of talk in the press about online commerce .
At the time there might have been thirty actual stores on the Web , all made by hand .
If there were going to be a lot of online stores , there would need to be software for making them , so we decided to write some .
For the first week or so we intended to make this an ordinary desktop application .
Then one day we had the idea of making the software run on our Web server , using the browser as an interface .
We tried rewriting the software to work over the Web , and it was clear that this was the way to go .
If we wrote our software to run on the server , it would be a lot easier for the users and for us as well .
This turned out to be a good plan .
Now , as Yahoo Store , this software is the most popular online store builder , with about 14,000 users .
When we started Viaweb , hardly anyone understood what we meant when we said that the software ran on the server .
It was not until Hotmail was launched a year later that people started to get it .
Now everyone knows that this is a valid approach .
There is a name now for what we were : an Application Service Provider , or ASP .
I think that a lot of the next generation of software will be written on this model .
Even Microsoft , who have the most to lose , seem to see the inevitablity of moving some things off the desktop .
If software moves off the desktop and onto servers , it will mean a very different world for developers .
This article describes the surprising things we saw , as some of the first visitors to this new world .
To the extent software does move onto servers , what I 'm describing here is the future .
The Next Thing ?
When we look back on the desktop software era , I think we 'll marvel at the inconveniences people put up with , just as we marvel now at what early car owners put up with .
For the first twenty or thirty years , you had to be a car expert to own a car .
But cars were such a big win that lots of people who were n't car experts wanted to have them as well .
Computers are in this phase now .
When you own a desktop computer , you end up learning a lot more than you wanted to know about what 's happening inside it .
But more than half the households in the US own one .
My mother has a computer that she uses for email and for keeping accounts .
About a year ago she was alarmed to receive a letter from Apple , offering her a discount on a new version of the operating system .
There 's something wrong when a sixty - five year old woman who wants to use a computer for email and accounts has to think about installing new operating systems .
Ordinary users should n't even know the words " operating system , " much less " device driver " or " patch . "
There is now another way to deliver software that will save users from becoming system administrators .
Web - based applications are programs that run on Web servers and use Web pages as the user interface .
For the average user this new kind of software will be easier , cheaper , more mobile , more reliable , and often more powerful than desktop software .
With Web - based software , most users wo n't have to think about anything except the applications they use .
All the messy , changing stuff will be sitting on a server somewhere , maintained by the kind of people who are good at that kind of thing .
And so you wo n't ordinarily need a computer , per se , to use software .
All you 'll need will be something with a keyboard , a screen , and a Web browser .
Maybe it will have wireless Internet access .
Maybe it will also be your cell phone .
Whatever it is , it will be consumer electronics : something that costs about $ 200 , and that people choose mostly based on how the case looks .
You 'll pay more for Internet services than you do for the hardware , just as you do now with telephones . [ 1 ]
It will take about a tenth of a second for a click to get to the server and back , so users of heavily interactive software , like Photoshop , will still want to have the computations happening on the desktop .
But if you look at the kind of things most people use computers for , a tenth of a second latency would not be a problem .
My mother does n't really need a desktop computer , and there are a lot of people like her .
The Win for Users
Near my house there is a car with a bumper sticker that reads " death before inconvenience . "
Most people , most of the time , will take whatever choice requires least work .
If Web - based software wins , it will be because it 's more convenient .
And it looks as if it will be , for users and developers both .
To use a purely Web - based application , all you need is a browser connected to the Internet .
So you can use a Web - based application anywhere .
When you install software on your desktop computer , you can only use it on that computer .
Worse still , your files are trapped on that computer .
The inconvenience of this model becomes more and more evident as people get used to networks .
The thin end of the wedge here was Web - based email .
Millions of people now realize that you should have access to email messages no matter where you are .
And if you can see your email , why not your calendar ?
If you can discuss a document with your colleagues , why can't you edit it ?
Why should any of your data be trapped on some computer sitting on a faraway desk ?
The whole idea of " your computer " is going away , and being replaced with " your data . "
You should be able to get at your data from any computer .
Or rather , any client , and a client does n't have to be a computer .
Clients should n't store data ; they should be like telephones .
In fact they may become telephones , or vice versa .
And as clients get smaller , you have another reason not to keep your data on them : something you carry around with you can be lost or stolen .
Leaving your PDA in a taxi is like a disk crash , except that your data is handed to someone else instead of being vaporized .
With purely Web - based software , neither your data nor the applications are kept on the client .
So you do n't have to install anything to use it .
And when there 's no installation , you do n't have to worry about installation going wrong .
There can't be incompatibilities between the application and your operating system , because the software does n't run on your operating system .
Because it needs no installation , it will be easy , and common , to try Web - based software before you " buy " it .
You should expect to be able to test - drive any Web - based application for free , just by going to the site where it 's offered .
At Viaweb our whole site was like a big arrow pointing users to the test drive .
After trying the demo , signing up for the service should require nothing more than filling out a brief form ( the briefer the better ) .
And that should be the last work the user has to do .
With Web - based software , you should get new releases without paying extra , or doing any work , or possibly even knowing about it .
Upgrades wo n't be the big shocks they are now .
Over time applications will quietly grow more powerful .
This will take some effort on the part of the developers .
They will have to design software so that it can be updated without confusing the users .
That 's a new problem , but there are ways to solve it .
With Web - based applications , everyone uses the same version , and bugs can be fixed as soon as they 're discovered .
So Web - based software should have far fewer bugs than desktop software .
At Viaweb , I doubt we ever had ten known bugs at any one time .
That 's orders of magnitude better than desktop software .
Web - based applications can be used by several people at the same time .
This is an obvious win for collaborative applications , but I bet users will start to want this in most applications once they realize it 's possible .
It will often be useful to let two people edit the same document , for example .
Viaweb let multiple users edit a site simultaneously , more because that was the right way to write the software than because we expected users to want to , but it turned out that many did .
When you use a Web - based application , your data will be safer .
Disk crashes wo n't be a thing of the past , but users wo n't hear about them anymore .
They 'll happen within server farms .
And companies offering Web - based applications will actually do backups -- not only because they 'll have real system administrators worrying about such things , but because an ASP that does lose people 's data will be in big , big trouble .
When people lose their own data in a disk crash , they can't get that mad , because they only have themselves to be mad at .
When a company loses their data for them , they 'll get a lot madder .
Finally , Web - based software should be less vulnerable to viruses .
If the client does n't run anything except a browser , there 's less chance of running viruses , and no data locally to damage .
And a program that attacked the servers themselves should find them very well defended . [ 2 ]
For users , Web - based software will be less stressful .
I think if you looked inside the average Windows user you 'd find a huge and pretty much untapped desire for software meeting that description .
Unleashed , it could be a powerful force .
City of Code
To developers , the most conspicuous difference between Web - based and desktop software is that a Web - based application is not a single piece of code .
It will be a collection of programs of different types rather than a single big binary .
And so designing Web - based software is like desiging a city rather than a building : as well as buildings you need roads , street signs , utilities , police and fire departments , and plans for both growth and various kinds of disasters .
At Viaweb , software included fairly big applications that users talked to directly , programs that those programs used , programs that ran constantly in the background looking for problems , programs that tried to restart things if they broke , programs that ran occasionally to compile statistics or build indexes for searches , programs we ran explicitly to garbage - collect resources or to move or restore data , programs that pretended to be users ( to measure performance or expose bugs ) , programs for diagnosing network troubles , programs for doing backups , interfaces to outside services , software that drove an impressive collection of dials displaying real - time server statistics ( a hit with visitors , but indispensable for us too ) , modifications ( including bug fixes ) to open - source software , and a great many configuration files and settings .
Trevor Blackwell wrote a spectacular program for moving stores to new servers across the country , without shutting them down , after we were bought by Yahoo .
Programs paged us , sent faxes and email to users , conducted transactions with credit card processors , and talked to one another through sockets , pipes , http requests , ssh , udp packets , shared memory , and files .
Some of Viaweb even consisted of the absence of programs , since one of the keys to Unix security is not to run unnecessary utilities that people might use to break into your servers .
It did not end with software .
We spent a lot of time thinking about server configurations .
We built the servers ourselves , from components -- partly to save money , and partly to get exactly what we wanted .
We had to think about whether our upstream ISP had fast enough connections to all the backbones .
We serially dated RAID suppliers .
But hardware is not just something to worry about .
When you control it you can do more for users .
With a desktop application , you can specify certain minimum hardware , but you can't add more .
If you administer the servers , you can in one step enable all your users to page people , or send faxes , or send commands by phone , or process credit cards , etc , just by installing the relevant hardware .
We always looked for new ways to add features with hardware , not just because it pleased users , but also as a way to distinguish ourselves from competitors who ( either because they sold desktop software , or resold Web - based applications through ISPs ) did n't have direct control over the hardware .
Because the software in a Web - based application will be a collection of programs rather than a single binary , it can be written in any number of different languages .
When you 're writing desktop software , you 're practically forced to write the application in the same language as the underlying operating system -- meaning C and C ++.
And so these languages ( especially among nontechnical people like managers and VCs ) got to be considered as the languages for " serious " software development .
But that was just an artifact of the way desktop software had to be delivered .
For server - based software you can use any language you want . [ 3 ]
Today a lot of the top hackers are using languages far removed from C and C++ : Perl , Python , and even Lisp .
With server - based software , no one can tell you what language to use , because you control the whole system , right down to the hardware .
Different languages are good for different tasks .
You can use whichever is best for each .
And when you have competitors , " you can " means " you must " ( we 'll return to this later ) , because if you do n't take advantage of this possibility , your competitors will .
Most of our competitors used C and C++ , and this made their software visibly inferior because ( among other things ) , they had no way around the statelessness of CGI scripts .
If you were going to change something , all the changes had to happen on one page , with an Update button at the bottom .
As I 've written elsewhere , by using Lisp , which many people still consider a research language , we could make the Viaweb editor behave more like desktop software .
Releases
One of the most important changes in this new world is the way you do releases .
In the desktop software business , doing a release is a huge trauma , in which the whole company sweats and strains to push out a single , giant piece of code .
Obvious comparisons suggest themselves , both to the process and the resulting product .
With server - based software , you can make changes almost as you would in a program you were writing for yourself .
You release software as a series of incremental changes instead of an occasional big explosion .
A typical desktop software company might do one or two releases a year .
At Viaweb we often did three to five releases a day .
When you switch to this new model , you realize how much software development is affected by the way it is released .
Many of the nastiest problems you see in the desktop software business are due to catastrophic nature of releases .
When you release only one new version a year , you tend to deal with bugs wholesale .
Some time before the release date you assemble a new version in which half the code has been torn out and replaced , introducing countless bugs .
Then a squad of QA people step in and start counting them , and the programmers work down the list , fixing them .
They do not generally get to the end of the list , and indeed , no one is sure where the end is .
It 's like fishing rubble out of a pond .
You never really know what 's happening inside the software .
At best you end up with a statistical sort of correctness .
With server - based software , most of the change is small and incremental .
That in itself is less likely to introduce bugs .
It also means you know what to test most carefully when you 're about to release software : the last thing you changed .
You end up with a much firmer grip on the code .
As a general rule , you do know what 's happening inside it .
You do n't have the source code memorized , of course , but when you read the source you do it like a pilot scanning the instrument panel , not like a detective trying to unravel some mystery .
Desktop software breeds a certain fatalism about bugs .
You know that you 're shipping something loaded with bugs , and you 've even set up mechanisms to compensate for it ( e.g. patch releases ) .
So why worry about a few more ?
Soon you 're releasing whole features you know are broken .
Apple did this earlier this year .
They felt under pressure to release their new OS , whose release date had already slipped four times , but some of the software ( support for CDs and DVDs ) was n't ready .
The solution ?
They released the OS without the unfinished parts , and users will have to install them later .
With Web - based software , you never have to release software before it works , and you can release it as soon as it does work .
The industry veteran may be thinking , it 's a fine - sounding idea to say that you never have to release software before it works , but what happens when you 've promised to deliver a new version of your software by a certain date ?
With Web - based software , you would n't make such a promise , because there are no versions .
Your software changes gradually and continuously .
Some changes might be bigger than others , but the idea of versions just does n't naturally fit onto Web - based software .
If anyone remembers Viaweb this might sound odd , because we were always announcing new versions .
This was done entirely for PR purposes .
The trade press , we learned , thinks in version numbers .
They will give you major coverage for a major release , meaning a new first digit on the version number , and generally a paragraph at most for a point release , meaning a new digit after the decimal point .
Some of our competitors were offering desktop software and actually had version numbers .
And for these releases , the mere fact of which seemed to us evidence of their backwardness , they would get all kinds of publicity .
We did n't want to miss out , so we started giving version numbers to our software too .
When we wanted some publicity , we'd make a list of all the features we 'd added since the last " release , " stick a new version number on the software , and issue a press release saying that the new version was available immediately .
Amazingly , no one ever called us on it .
By the time we were bought , we had done this three times , so we were on Version 4 .
Version 4.1 if I remember correctly .
After Viaweb became Yahoo
Store , there was no longer such a desperate need for publicity , so although the software continued to evolve , the whole idea of version numbers was quietly dropped .
Bugs
The other major technical advantage of Web - based software is that you can reproduce most bugs .
You have the users ' data right there on your disk .
If someone breaks your software , you do n't have to try to guess what 's going on , as you would with desktop software : you should be able to reproduce the error while they 're on the phone with you .
You might even know about it already , if you have code for noticing errors built into your application .
Web - based software gets used round the clock , so everything you do is immediately put through the wringer .
Bugs turn up quickly .
Software companies are sometimes accused of letting the users debug their software .
And that is just what I 'm advocating .
For Web - based software it 's actually a good plan , because the bugs are fewer and transient .
When you release software gradually you get far fewer bugs to start with .
And when you can reproduce errors and release changes instantly , you can find and fix most bugs as soon as they appear .
We never had enough bugs at any one time to bother with a formal bug - tracking system .
You should test changes before you release them , of course , so no major bugs should get released .
Those few that inevitably slip through will involve borderline cases and will only affect the few users that encounter them before someone calls in to complain .
As long as you fix bugs right away , the net effect , for the average user , is far fewer bugs .
I doubt the average Viaweb user ever saw a bug .
Fixing fresh bugs is easier than fixing old ones .
It 's usually fairly quick to find a bug in code you just wrote .
When it turns up you often know what 's wrong before you even look at the source , because you were already worrying about it subconsciously .
Fixing a bug in something you wrote six months ago ( the average case if you release once a year ) is a lot more work .
And since you do n't understand the code as well , you 're more likely to fix it in an ugly way , or even introduce more bugs . [ 4 ]
When you catch bugs early , you also get fewer compound bugs .
Compound bugs are two separate bugs that interact : you trip going downstairs , and when you reach for the handrail it comes off in your hand .
In software this kind of bug is the hardest to find , and also tends to have the worst consequences . [ 5 ]
The traditional " break everything and then filter out the bugs " approach inherently yields a lot of compound bugs .
And software that 's released in a series of small changes inherently tends not to .
The floors are constantly being swept clean of any loose objects that might later get stuck in something .
It helps if you use a technique called functional programming .
Functional programming means avoiding side - effects .
It 's something you 're more likely to see in research papers than commercial software , but for Web - based applications it turns out to be really useful .
It 's hard to write entire programs as purely functional code , but you can write substantial chunks this way .
It makes those parts of your software easier to test , because they have no state , and that is very convenient in a situation where you are constantly making and testing small modifications .
I wrote much of Viaweb 's editor in this style , and we made our scripting language , RTML , a purely functional language .
People from the desktop software business will find this hard to credit , but at Viaweb bugs became almost a game .
Since most released bugs involved borderline cases , the users who encountered them were likely to be advanced users , pushing the envelope .
Advanced users are more forgiving about bugs , especially since you probably introduced them in the course of adding some feature they were asking for .
In fact , because bugs were rare and you had to be doing sophisticated things to see them , advanced users were often proud to catch one .
They would call support in a spirit more of triumph than anger , as if they had scored points off us .
Support
When you can reproduce errors , it changes your approach to customer support .
At most software companies , support is offered as a way to make customers feel better .
They 're either calling you about a known bug , or they 're just doing something wrong and you have to figure out what .
In either case there 's not much you can learn from them .
And so you tend to view support calls as a pain in the ass that you want to isolate from your developers as much as possible .
This was not how things worked at Viaweb .
At Viaweb , support was free , because we wanted to hear from customers .
If someone had a problem , we wanted to know about it right away so that we could reproduce the error and release a fix .
So at Viaweb the developers were always in close contact with support .
The customer support people were about thirty feet away from the programmers , and knew that they could always interrupt anything with a report of a genuine bug .
We would leave a board meeting to fix a serious bug .
Our approach to support made everyone happier .
The customers were delighted .
Just imagine how it would feel to call a support line and be treated as someone bringing important news .
The customer support people liked it because it meant they could help the users , instead of reading scripts to them .
And the programmers liked it because they could reproduce bugs instead of just hearing vague second - hand reports about them .
Our policy of fixing bugs on the fly changed the relationship between customer support people and hackers .
At most software companies , support people are underpaid human shields , and hackers are little copies of God the Father , creators of the world .
Whatever the procedure for reporting bugs , it is likely to be one - directional : support people who hear about bugs fill out some form that eventually gets passed on ( possibly via QA ) to programmers , who put it on their list of things to do .
It was very different at Viaweb .
Within a minute of hearing about a bug from a customer , the support people could be standing next to a programmer hearing him say " Shit , you 're right , it 's a bug . "
It delighted the support people to hear that " you 're right " from the hackers .
They used to bring us bugs with the same expectant air as a cat bringing you a mouse it has just killed .
It also made them more careful in judging the seriousness of a bug , because now their honor was on the line .
After we were bought by Yahoo , the customer support people were moved far away from the programmers .
It was only then that we realized that they were effectively QA and to some extent marketing as well .
In addition to catching bugs , they were the keepers of the knowledge of vaguer , buglike things , like features that confused users . [ 6 ]
They were also a kind of proxy focus group ; we could ask them which of two new features users wanted more , and they were always right .
Morale
Being able to release software immediately is a big motivator .
Often as I was walking to work I would think of some change I wanted to make to the software , and do it that day .
This worked for bigger features as well .
Even if something was going to take two weeks to write ( few projects took longer ) , I knew I could see the effect in the software as soon as it was done .
If I 'd had to wait a year for the next release , I would have shelved most of these ideas , for a while at least .
The thing about ideas , though , is that they lead to more ideas .
Have you ever noticed that when you sit down to write something , half the ideas that end up in it are ones you thought of while writing it ?
The same thing happens with software .
Working to implement one idea gives you more ideas .
So shelving an idea costs you not only that delay in implementing it , but also all the ideas that implementing it would have led to .
In fact , shelving an idea probably even inhibits new ideas : as you start to think of some new feature , you catch sight of the shelf and think " but I already have a lot of new things I want to do for the next release . "
What big companies do instead of implementing features is plan them .
At Viaweb we sometimes ran into trouble on this account .
Investors and analysts would ask us what we had planned for the future .
The truthful answer would have been , we did n't have any plans .
We had general ideas about things we wanted to improve , but if we knew how we would have done it already .
What were we going to do in the next six months ?
Whatever looked like the biggest win .
I do n't know if I ever dared give this answer , but that was the truth .
Plans are just another word for ideas on the shelf .
When we thought of good ideas , we implemented them .
At Viaweb , as at many software companies , most code had one definite owner .
But when you owned something you really owned it : no one except the owner of a piece of software had to approve ( or even know about ) a release .
There was no protection against breakage except the fear of looking like an idiot to one 's peers , and that was more than enough .
I may have given the impression that we just blithely plowed forward writing code .
We did go fast , but we thought very carefully before we released software onto those servers .
And paying attention is more important to reliability than moving slowly .
Because he pays close attention , a Navy pilot can land a 40,000 lb. aircraft at 140 miles per hour on a pitching carrier deck , at night , more safely than the average teenager can cut a bagel .
This way of writing software is a double - edged sword of course .
It works a lot better for a small team of good , trusted programmers than it would for a big company of mediocre ones , where bad ideas are caught by committees instead of the people that had them .
Brooks in Reverse
Fortunately , Web - based software does require fewer programmers .
I once worked for a medium - sized desktop software company that had over 100 people working in engineering as a whole .
Only 13 of these were in product development .
All the rest were working on releases , ports , and so on .
With Web - based software , all you need ( at most ) are the 13 people , because there are no releases , ports , and so on .
Viaweb was written by just three people . [ 7 ]
I was always under pressure to hire more , because we wanted to get bought , and we knew that buyers would have a hard time paying a high price for a company with only three programmers .
( Solution : we hired more , but created new projects for them . )
When you can write software with fewer programmers , it saves you more than money .
As Fred Brooks pointed out in The Mythical Man-Month , adding people to a project tends to slow it down .
The number of possible connections between developers grows exponentially with the size of the group .
The larger the group , the more time they 'll spend in meetings negotiating how their software will work together , and the more bugs they 'll get from unforeseen interactions .
Fortunately , this process also works in reverse : as groups get smaller , software development gets exponentially more efficient .
I can't remember the programmers at Viaweb ever having an actual meeting .
We never had more to say at any one time than we could say as we were walking to lunch .
If there is a downside here , it is that all the programmers have to be to some degree system administrators as well .
When you 're hosting software , someone has to be watching the servers , and in practice the only people who can do this properly are the ones who wrote the software .
At Viaweb our system had so many components and changed so frequently that there was no definite border between software and infrastructure .
Arbitrarily declaring such a border would have constrained our design choices .
And so although we were constantly hoping that one day ( " in a couple months " ) everything would be stable enough that we could hire someone whose job was just to worry about the servers , it never happened .
I do n't think it could be any other way , as long as you 're still actively developing the product .
Web - based software is never going to be something you write , check in , and go home .
It 's a live thing , running on your servers right now .
A bad bug might not just crash one user 's process ; it could crash them all .
If a bug in your code corrupts some data on disk , you have to fix it .
And so on .
We found that you do n't have to watch the servers every minute ( after the first year or so ) , but you definitely want to keep an eye on things you 've changed recently .
You do n't release code late at night and then go home .
Watching Users
With server - based software , you 're in closer touch with your code .
You can also be in closer touch with your users .
Intuit is famous for introducing themselves to customers at retail stores and asking to follow them home .
If you 've ever watched someone use your software for the first time , you know what surprises must have awaited them .
Software should do what users think it will .
But you can't have any idea what users will be thinking , believe me , until you watch them .
And server - based software gives you unprecedented information about their behavior .
You 're not limited to small , artificial focus groups .
You can see every click made by every user .
You have to consider carefully what you 're going to look at , because you do n't want to violate users ' privacy , but even the most general statistical sampling can be very useful .
When you have the users on your server , you do n't have to rely on benchmarks , for example .
Benchmarks are simulated users .
With server - based software , you can watch actual users .
To decide what to optimize , just log into a server and see what 's consuming all the CPU .
And you know when to stop optimizing too : we eventually got the Viaweb editor to the point where it was memory - bound rather than CPU - bound , and since there was nothing we could do to decrease the size of users ' data ( well , nothing easy ) , we knew we might as well stop there .
Efficiency matters for server - based software , because you 're paying for the hardware .
The number of users you can support per server is the divisor of your capital cost , so if you can make your software very efficient you can undersell competitors and still make a profit .
At Viaweb we got the capital cost per user down to about $ 5 .
It would be less now , probably less than the cost of sending them the first month 's bill .
Hardware is free now , if your software is reasonably efficient .
Watching users can guide you in design as well as optimization .
Viaweb had a scripting language called RTML that let advanced users define their own page styles .
We found that RTML became a kind of suggestion box , because users only used it when the predefined page styles could n't do what they wanted .
Originally the editor put button bars across the page , for example , but after a number of users used RTML to put buttons down the left side , we made that an option ( in fact the default ) in the predefined page styles .
Finally , by watching users you can often tell when they 're in trouble .
And since the customer is always right , that 's a sign of something you need to fix .
At Viaweb the key to getting users was the online test drive .
It was not just a series of slides built by marketing people .
In our test drive , users actually used the software .
It took about five minutes , and at the end of it they had built a real , working store .
The test drive was the way we got nearly all our new users .
I think it will be the same for most Web - based applications .
If users can get through a test drive successfully , they 'll like the product .
If they get confused or bored , they wo n't .
So anything we could do to get more people through the test drive would increase our growth rate .
I studied click trails of people taking the test drive and found that at a certain step they would get confused and click on the browser 's Back button .
( If you try writing Web - based applications , you 'll find that the Back button becomes one of your most interesting philosophical problems . )
So I added a message at that point , telling users that they were nearly finished , and reminding them not to click on the Back button .
Another great thing about Web - based software is that you get instant feedback from changes : the number of people completing the test drive rose immediately from 60 % to 90 % .
And since the number of new users was a function of the number of completed test drives , our revenue growth increased by 50 % , just from that change .
Money
In the early 1990s I read an article in which someone said that software was a subscription business .
At first this seemed a very cynical statement .
But later I realized that it reflects reality : software development is an ongoing process .
I think it 's cleaner if you openly charge subscription fees , instead of forcing people to keep buying and installing new versions so that they 'll keep paying you .
And fortunately , subscriptions are the natural way to bill for Web - based applications .
Hosting applications is an area where companies will play a role that is not likely to be filled by freeware .
Hosting applications is a lot of stress , and has real expenses .
No one is going to want to do it for free .
For companies , Web - based applications are an ideal source of revenue .
Instead of starting each quarter with a blank slate , you have a recurring revenue stream .
Because your software evolves gradually , you do n't have to worry that a new model will flop ; there never need be a new model , per se , and if you do something to the software that users hate , you 'll know right away .
You have no trouble with uncollectable bills ; if someone wo n't pay you can just turn off the service .
And there is no possibility of piracy .
That last " advantage " may turn out to be a problem .
Some amount of piracy is to the advantage of software companies .
If some user really would not have bought your software at any price , you have n't lost anything if he uses a pirated copy .
In fact you gain , because he is one more user helping to make your software the standard -- or who might buy a copy later , when he graduates from high school .
When they can , companies like to do something called price discrimination , which means charging each customer as much as they can afford . [ 8 ]
Software is particularly suitable for price discrimination , because the marginal cost is close to zero .
This is why some software costs more to run on Suns than on Intel boxes : a company that uses Suns is not interested in saving money and can safely be charged more .
Piracy is effectively the lowest tier of price discrimination .
I think that software companies understand this and deliberately turn a blind eye to some kinds of piracy . [ 9 ]
With server - based software they are going to have to come up with some other solution .
Web - based software sells well , especially in comparison to desktop software , because it 's easy to buy .
You might think that people decide to buy something , and then buy it , as two separate steps .
That 's what I thought before Viaweb , to the extent I thought about the question at all .
In fact the second step can propagate back into the first : if something is hard to buy , people will change their mind about whether they wanted it .
And vice versa : you 'll sell more of something when it 's easy to buy .
I buy more books because Amazon exists .
Web - based software is just about the easiest thing in the world to buy , especially if you have just done an online demo .
Users should not have to do much more than enter a credit card number .
( Make them do more at your peril . )
Sometimes Web - based software is offered through ISPs acting as resellers .
This is a bad idea .
You have to be administering the servers , because you need to be constantly improving both hardware and software .
If you give up direct control of the servers , you give up most of the advantages of developing Web - based applications .
Several of our competitors shot themselves in the foot this way -- usually , I think , because they were overrun by suits who were excited about this huge potential channel , and did n't realize that it would ruin the product they hoped to sell through it .
Selling Web - based software through ISPs is like selling sushi through vending machines .
Customers
Who will the customers be ?
At Viaweb they were initially individuals and smaller companies , and I think this will be the rule with Web - based applications .
These are the users who are ready to try new things , partly because they 're more flexible , and partly because they want the lower costs of new technology .
Web - based applications will often be the best thing for big companies too ( though they 'll be slow to realize it ) .
The best intranet is the Internet .
If a company uses true Web - based applications , the software will work better , the servers will be better administered , and employees will have access to the system from anywhere .
The argument against this approach usually hinges on security : if access is easier for employees , it will be for bad guys too .
Some larger merchants were reluctant to use Viaweb because they thought customers ' credit card information would be safer on their own servers .
It was not easy to make this point diplomatically , but in fact the data was almost certainly safer in our hands than theirs .
Who can hire better people to manage security , a technology startup whose whole business is running servers , or a clothing retailer ?
Not only did we have better people worrying about security , we worried more about it .
If someone broke into the clothing retailer 's servers , it would affect at most one merchant , could probably be hushed up , and in the worst case might get one person fired .
If someone broke into ours , it could affect thousands of merchants , would probably end up as news on CNet , and could put us out of business .
If you want to keep your money safe , do you keep it under your mattress at home , or put it in a bank ?
This argument applies to every aspect of server administration : not just security , but uptime , bandwidth , load management , backups , etc .
Our existence depended on doing these things right .
Server problems were the big no - no for us , like a dangerous toy would be for a toy maker , or a salmonella outbreak for a food processor .
A big company that uses Web - based applications is to that extent outsourcing IT .
Drastic as it sounds , I think this is generally a good idea .
Companies are likely to get better service this way than they would from in - house system administrators .
System administrators can become cranky and unresponsive because they 're not directly exposed to competitive pressure : a salesman has to deal with customers , and a developer has to deal with competitors ' software , but a system administrator , like an old bachelor , has few external forces to keep him in line . [ 10 ]
At Viaweb we had external forces in plenty to keep us in line .
The people calling us were customers , not just co-workers .
If a server got wedged , we jumped ; just thinking about it gives me a jolt of adrenaline , years later .
So Web - based applications will ordinarily be the right answer for big companies too .
They will be the last to realize it , however , just as they were with desktop computers .
And partly for the same reason : it will be worth a lot of money to convince big companies that they need something more expensive .
There is always a tendency for rich customers to buy expensive solutions , even when cheap solutions are better , because the people offering expensive solutions can spend more to sell them .
At Viaweb we were always up against this .
We lost several high - end merchants to Web consulting firms who convinced them they'd be better off if they paid half a million dollars for a custom - made online store on their own server .
They were , as a rule , not better off , as more than one discovered when Christmas shopping season came around and loads rose on their server .
Viaweb was a lot more sophisticated than what most of these merchants got , but we could n't afford to tell them .
At $ 300 a month , we could n't afford to send a team of well - dressed and authoritative - sounding people to make presentations to customers .
A large part of what big companies pay extra for is the cost of selling expensive things to them .
( If the Defense Department pays a thousand dollars for toilet seats , it 's partly because it costs a lot to sell toilet seats for a thousand dollars . )
And this is one reason intranet software will continue to thrive , even though it is probably a bad idea .
It 's simply more expensive .
There is nothing you can do about this conundrum , so the best plan is to go for the smaller customers first .
The rest will come in time .
Son of Server
Running software on the server is nothing new .
In fact it 's the old model : mainframe applications are all server - based .
If server - based software is such a good idea , why did it lose last time ?
Why did desktop computers eclipse mainframes ?
At first desktop computers did n't look like much of a threat .
The first users were all hackers -- or hobbyists , as they were called then .
They liked microcomputers because they were cheap .
For the first time , you could have your own computer .
The phrase " personal computer " is part of the language now , but when it was first used it had a deliberately audacious sound , like the phrase " personal satellite " would today .
Why did desktop computers take over ?
I think it was because they had better software .
And I think the reason microcomputer software was better was that it could be written by small companies .
I do n't think many people realize how fragile and tentative startups are in the earliest stage .
Many startups begin almost by accident -- as a couple guys , either with day jobs or in school , writing a prototype of something that might , if it looks promising , turn into a company .
At this larval stage , any significant obstacle will stop the startup dead in its tracks .
Writing mainframe software required too much commitment up front .
Development machines were expensive , and because the customers would be big companies , you 'd need an impressive - looking sales force to sell it to them .
Starting a startup to write mainframe software would be a much more serious undertaking than just hacking something together on your Apple II in the evenings .
And so you did n't get a lot of startups writing mainframe applications .
The arrival of desktop computers inspired a lot of new software , because writing applications for them seemed an attainable goal to larval startups .
Development was cheap , and the customers would be individual people that you could reach through computer stores or even by mail - order .
The application that pushed desktop computers out into the mainstream was VisiCalc , the first spreadsheet .
It was written by two guys working in an attic , and yet did things no mainframe software could do . [ 11 ]
VisiCalc was such an advance , in its time , that people bought Apple IIs just to run it .
And this was the beginning of a trend : desktop computers won because startups wrote software for them .
It looks as if server - based software will be good this time around , because startups will write it .
Computers are so cheap now that you can get started , as we did , using a desktop computer as a server .
Inexpensive processors have eaten the workstation market ( you rarely even hear the word now ) and are most of the way through the server market ;
Yahoo's servers , which deal with loads as high as any on the Internet , all have the same inexpensive Intel processors that you have in your desktop machine .
And once you 've written the software , all you need to sell it is a Web site .
Nearly all our users came direct to our site through word of mouth and references in the press . [ 12 ]
Viaweb was a typical larval startup .
We were terrified of starting a company , and for the first few months comforted ourselves by treating the whole thing as an experiment that we might call off at any moment .
Fortunately , there were few obstacles except technical ones .
While we were writing the software , our Web server was the same desktop machine we used for development , connected to the outside world by a dialup line .
Our only expenses in that phase were food and rent .
There is all the more reason for startups to write Web - based software now , because writing desktop software has become a lot less fun .
If you want to write desktop software now you do it on Microsoft 's terms , calling their APIs and working around their buggy OS .
And if you manage to write something that takes off , you may find that you were merely doing market research for Microsoft .
If a company wants to make a platform that startups will build on , they have to make it something that hackers themselves will want to use .
That means it has to be inexpensive and well - designed .
The Mac was popular with hackers when it first came out , and a lot of them wrote software for it . [ 13 ]
You see this less with Windows , because hackers do n't use it .
The kind of people who are good at writing software tend to be running Linux or FreeBSD now .
I do n't think we would have started a startup to write desktop software , because desktop software has to run on Windows , and before we could write software for Windows we'd have to use it .
The Web let us do an end - run around Windows , and deliver software running on Unix direct to users through the browser .
That is a liberating prospect , a lot like the arrival of PCs twenty - five years ago .
Microsoft
Back when desktop computers arrived , IBM was the giant that everyone was afraid of .
It 's hard to imagine now , but I remember the feeling very well .
Now the frightening giant is Microsoft , and I do n't think they are as blind to the threat facing them as IBM was .
After all , Microsoft deliberately built their business in IBM 's blind spot .
I mentioned earlier that my mother does n't really need a desktop computer .
Most users probably do n't .
That 's a problem for Microsoft , and they know it .
If applications run on remote servers , no one needs Windows .
What will Microsoft do ?
Will they be able to use their control of the desktop to prevent , or constrain , this new generation of software ?
My guess is that Microsoft will develop some kind of server / desktop hybrid , where the operating system works together with servers they control .
At a minimum , files will be centrally available for users who want that .
I do n't expect Microsoft to go all the way to the extreme of doing the computations on the server , with only a browser for a client , if they can avoid it .
If you only need a browser for a client , you do n't need Microsoft on the client , and if Microsoft does n't control the client , they can't push users towards their server - based applications .
I think Microsoft will have a hard time keeping the genie in the bottle .
There will be too many different types of clients for them to control them all .
And if Microsoft 's applications only work with some clients , competitors will be able to trump them by offering applications that work from any client . [ 14 ]
In a world of Web - based applications , there is no automatic place for Microsoft .
They may succeed in making themselves a place , but I do n't think they 'll dominate this new world as they did the world of desktop applications .
It 's not so much that a competitor will trip them up as that they will trip over themselves .
With the rise of Web - based software , they will be facing not just technical problems but their own wishful thinking .
What they need to do is cannibalize their existing business , and I can't see them facing that .
The same single - mindedness that has brought them this far will now be working against them .
IBM was in exactly the same situation , and they could not master it .
IBM made a late and half - hearted entry into the microcomputer business because they were ambivalent about threatening their cash cow , mainframe computing .
Microsoft will likewise be hampered by wanting to save the desktop .
A cash cow can be a damned heavy monkey on your back .
I 'm not saying that no one will dominate server - based applications .
Someone probably will eventually .
But I think that there will be a good long period of cheerful chaos , just as there was in the early days of microcomputers .
That was a good time for startups .
Lots of small companies flourished , and did it by making cool things .
Startups but More So
The classic startup is fast and informal , with few people and little money .
Those few people work very hard , and technology magnifies the effect of the decisions they make .
If they win , they win big .
In a startup writing Web - based applications , everything you associate with startups is taken to an extreme .
You can write and launch a product with even fewer people and even less money .
You have to be even faster , and you can get away with being more informal .
You can literally launch your product as three guys sitting in the living room of an apartment , and a server collocated at an ISP .
We did .
Over time the teams have gotten smaller , faster , and more informal .
In 1960 , software development meant a roomful of men with horn rimmed glasses and narrow black neckties , industriously writing ten lines of code a day on IBM coding forms .
In 1980 , it was a team of eight to ten people wearing jeans to the office and typing into vt100s .
Now it 's a couple of guys sitting in a living room with laptops .
( And jeans turn out not to be the last word in informality . )
Startups are stressful , and this , unfortunately , is also taken to an extreme with Web - based applications .
Many software companies , especially at the beginning , have periods where the developers slept under their desks and so on .
The alarming thing about Web - based software is that there is nothing to prevent this becoming the default .
The stories about sleeping under desks usually end : then at last we shipped it and we all went home and slept for a week .
Web - based software never ships .
You can work 16 - hour days for as long as you want to .
And because you can , and your competitors can , you tend to be forced to .
You can , so you must .
It 's Parkinson 's Law running in reverse .
The worst thing is not the hours but the responsibility .
Programmers and system administrators traditionally each have their own separate worries .
Programmers have to worry about bugs , and system administrators have to worry about infrastructure .
Programmers may spend a long day up to their elbows in source code , but at some point they get to go home and forget about it .
System administrators never quite leave the job behind , but when they do get paged at 4:00 AM , they do n't usually have to do anything very complicated .
With Web - based applications , these two kinds of stress get combined .
The programmers become system administrators , but without the sharply defined limits that ordinarily make the job bearable .
At Viaweb we spent the first six months just writing software .
We worked the usual long hours of an early startup .
In a desktop software company , this would have been the part where we were working hard , but it felt like a vacation compared to the next phase , when we took users onto our server .
The second biggest benefit of selling Viaweb to Yahoo ( after the money ) was to be able to dump ultimate responsibility for the whole thing onto the shoulders of a big company .
Desktop software forces users to become system administrators .
Web - based software forces programmers to .
There is less stress in total , but more for the programmers .
That 's not necessarily bad news .
If you 're a startup competing with a big company , it 's good news . [ 15 ]
Web - based applications offer a straightforward way to outwork your competitors .
No startup asks for more .
Just Good Enough
One thing that might deter you from writing Web - based applications is the lameness of Web pages as a UI .
That is a problem , I admit .
There were a few things we would have really liked to add to HTML and HTTP .
What matters , though , is that Web pages are just good enough .
There is a parallel here with the first microcomputers .
The processors in those machines were n't actually intended to be the CPUs of computers .
They were designed to be used in things like traffic lights .
But guys like Ed Roberts , who designed the Altair , realized that they were just good enough .
You could combine one of these chips with some memory ( 256 bytes in the first Altair ) , and front panel switches , and you 'd have a working computer .
Being able to have your own computer was so exciting that there were plenty of people who wanted to buy them , however limited .
Web pages were n't designed to be a UI for applications , but they 're just good enough .
And for a significant number of users , software that you can use from any browser will be enough of a win in itself to outweigh any awkwardness in the UI .
Maybe you can't write the best - looking spreadsheet using HTML , but you can write a spreadsheet that several people can use simultaneously from different locations without special client software , or that can incorporate live data feeds , or that can page you when certain conditions are triggered .
More importantly , you can write new kinds of applications that do n't even have names yet .
VisiCalc was not merely a microcomputer version of a mainframe application , after all -- it was a new type of application .
Of course , server - based applications do n't have to be Web - based .
You could have some other kind of client .
But I 'm pretty sure that 's a bad idea .
It would be very convenient if you could assume that everyone would install your client -- so convenient that you could easily convince yourself that they all would -- but if they do n't , you 're hosed .
Because Web - based software assumes nothing about the client , it will work anywhere the Web works .
That 's a big advantage already , and the advantage will grow as new Web devices proliferate .
Users will like you because your software just works , and your life will be easier because you wo n't have to tweak it for every new client . [ 16 ]
I feel like I 've watched the evolution of the Web as closely as anyone , and I can't predict what 's going to happen with clients .
Convergence is probably coming , but where ?
I can't pick a winner .
One thing I can predict is conflict between AOL and Microsoft .
Whatever Microsoft's .NET turns out to be , it will probably involve connecting the desktop to servers .
Unless AOL fights back , they will either be pushed aside or turned into a pipe between Microsoft client and server software .
If Microsoft and AOL get into a client war , the only thing sure to work on both will be browsing the Web , meaning Web - based applications will be the only kind that work everywhere .
How will it all play out ?
I do n't know .
And you do n't have to know if you bet on Web - based applications .
No one can break that without breaking browsing .
The Web may not be the only way to deliver software , but it 's one that works now and will continue to work for a long time .
Web - based applications are cheap to develop , and easy for even the smallest startup to deliver .
They 're a lot of work , and of a particularly stressful kind , but that only makes the odds better for startups .
Why Not ?
E. B . White was amused to learn from a farmer friend that many electrified fences do n't have any current running through them .
The cows apparently learn to stay away from them , and after that you do n't need the current .
" Rise up , cows ! " he wrote , " Take your liberty while despots snore ! "
If you 're a hacker who has thought of one day starting a startup , there are probably two things keeping you from doing it .
One is that you do n't know anything about business .
The other is that you 're afraid of competition .
Neither of these fences have any current in them .
There are only two things you have to know about business : build something users love , and make more than you spend .
If you get these two right , you 'll be ahead of most startups .
You can figure out the rest as you go .
You may not at first make more than you spend , but as long as the gap is closing fast enough you 'll be ok .
If you start out underfunded , it will at least encourage a habit of frugality .
The less you spend , the easier it is to make more than you spend .
Fortunately , it can be very cheap to launch a Web - based application .
We launched on under $ 10,000 , and it would be even cheaper today .
We had to spend thousands on a server , and thousands more to get SSL .
( The only company selling SSL software at the time was Netscape . )
Now you can rent a much more powerful server , with SSL included , for less than we paid for bandwidth alone .
You could launch a Web - based application now for less than the cost of a fancy office chair .
As for building something users love , here are some general tips .
Start by making something clean and simple that you would want to use yourself .
Get a version 1.0 out fast , then continue to improve the software , listening closely to the users as you do .
The customer is always right , but different customers are right about different things ; the least sophisticated users show you what you need to simplify and clarify , and the most sophisticated tell you what features you need to add .
The best thing software can be is easy , but the way to do this is to get the defaults right , not to limit users ' choices .
Do n't get complacent if your competitors ' software is lame ; the standard to compare your software to is what it could be , not what your current competitors happen to have .
Use your software yourself , all the time .
Viaweb was supposed to be an online store builder , but we used it to make our own site too .
Do n't listen to marketing people or designers or product managers just because of their job titles .
If they have good ideas , use them , but it 's up to you to decide ; software has to be designed by hackers who understand design , not designers who know a little about software .
If you can't design software as well as implement it , do n't start a startup .
Now let 's talk about competition .
What you 're afraid of is not presumably groups of hackers like you , but actual companies , with offices and business plans and salesmen and so on , right ?
Well , they are more afraid of you than you are of them , and they 're right .
It 's a lot easier for a couple of hackers to figure out how to rent office space or hire sales people than it is for a company of any size to get software written .
I 've been on both sides , and I know .
When Viaweb was bought by Yahoo , I suddenly found myself working for a big company , and it was like trying to run through waist - deep water .
I do n't mean to disparage Yahoo .
They had some good hackers , and the top management were real butt - kickers .
For a big company , they were exceptional .
But they were still only about a tenth as productive as a small startup .
No big company can do much better than that .
What 's scary about Microsoft is that a company so big can develop software at all .
They 're like a mountain that can walk .
Do n't be intimidated .
You can do as much that Microsoft can't as they can do that you can't .
And no one can stop you .
You do n't have to ask anyone 's permission to develop Web - based applications .
You do n't have to do licensing deals , or get shelf space in retail stores , or grovel to have your application bundled with the OS .
You can deliver software right to the browser , and no one can get between you and potential users without preventing them from browsing the Web .
You may not believe it , but I promise you , Microsoft is scared of you .
The complacent middle managers may not be , but Bill is , because he was you once , back in 1975 , the last time a new way of delivering software appeared .
Notes
[ 1 ] Realizing that much of the money is in the services , companies building lightweight clients have usually tried to combine the hardware with an online service .
This approach has not worked well , partly because you need two different kinds of companies to build consumer electronics and to run an online service , and partly because users hate the idea .
Giving away the razor and making money on the blades may work for Gillette , but a razor is much smaller commitment than a Web terminal .
Cell phone handset makers are satisfied to sell hardware without trying to capture the service revenue as well .
That should probably be the model for Internet clients too .
If someone just sold a nice - looking little box with a Web browser that you could use to connect through any ISP , every technophobe in the country would buy one .
[ 2 ] Security always depends more on not screwing up than any design decision , but the nature of server - based software will make developers pay more attention to not screwing up .
Compromising a server could cause such damage that ASPs ( that want to stay in business ) are likely to be careful about security .
[ 3 ]
In 1995 , when we started Viaweb , Java applets were supposed to be the technology everyone was going to use to develop server - based applications .
Applets seemed to us an old - fashioned idea .
Download programs to run on the client ?
Simpler just to go all the way and run the programs on the server .
We wasted little time on applets , but countless other startups must have been lured into this tar pit .
Few can have escaped alive , or Microsoft could not have gotten away with dropping Java in the most recent version of Explorer .
[ 4 ]
This point is due to Trevor Blackwell , who adds " the cost of writing software goes up more than linearly with its size .
Perhaps this is mainly due to fixing old bugs , and the cost can be more linear if all bugs are found quickly . "
[ 5 ]
The hardest kind of bug to find may be a variant of compound bug where one bug happens to compensate for another .
When you fix one bug , the other becomes visible .
But it will seem as if the fix is at fault , since that was the last thing you changed .
[ 6 ]
Within Viaweb we once had a contest to describe the worst thing about our software .
Two customer support people tied for first prize with entries I still shiver to recall .
We fixed both problems immediately .
[ 7 ]
Robert Morris wrote the ordering system , which shoppers used to place orders .
Trevor Blackwell wrote the image generator and the manager , which merchants used to retrieve orders , view statistics , and configure domain names etc .
I wrote the editor , which merchants used to build their sites .
The ordering system and image generator were written in C and C++ , the manager mostly in Perl , and the editor in Lisp .
[ 8 ]
Price discrimination is so pervasive ( how often have you heard a retailer claim that their buying power meant lower prices for you ? ) that I was surprised to find it was outlawed in the U.S. by the Robinson - Patman Act of 1936 .
This law does not appear to be vigorously enforced .
[ 9 ]
In No Logo , Naomi Klein says that clothing brands favored by " urban youth " do not try too hard to prevent shoplifting because in their target market the shoplifters are also the fashion leaders .
[ 10 ] Companies often wonder what to outsource and what not to .
One possible answer : outsource any job that 's not directly exposed to competitive pressure , because outsourcing it will thereby expose it to competitive pressure .
[ 11 ]
The two guys were Dan Bricklin and Bob Frankston .
Dan wrote a prototype in Basic in a couple days , then over the course of the next year they worked together ( mostly at night ) to make a more powerful version written in 6502 machine language .
Dan was at Harvard Business School at the time and Bob nominally had a day job writing software .
" There was no great risk in doing a business , " Bob wrote , " If it failed it failed .
No big deal . "
[ 12 ]
It 's not quite as easy as I make it sound .
It took a painfully long time for word of mouth to get going , and we did not start to get a lot of press coverage until we hired a PR firm ( admittedly the best in the business ) for $ 16,000 per month .
However , it was true that the only significant channel was our own Web site .
[ 13 ]
If the Mac was so great , why did it lose ?
Cost , again .
Microsoft concentrated on the software business , and unleashed a swarm of cheap component suppliers on Apple hardware .
It did not help , either , that suits took over during a critical period .
[ 14 ]
One thing that would help Web - based applications , and help keep the next generation of software from being overshadowed by Microsoft , would be a good open - source browser .
Mozilla is open - source but seems to have suffered from having been corporate software for so long .
A small , fast browser that was actively maintained would be a great thing in itself , and would probably also encourage companies to build little Web appliances .
Among other things , a proper open - source browser would cause HTTP and HTML to continue to evolve ( as e.g. Perl has ) .
It would help Web - based applications greatly to be able to distinguish between selecting a link and following it ; all you 'd need to do this would be a trivial enhancement of HTTP , to allow multiple urls in a request .
Cascading menus would also be good .
If you want to change the world , write a new Mosaic .
Think it 's too late ?
In 1998 a lot of people thought it was too late to launch a new search engine , but Google proved them wrong .
There is always room for something new if the current options suck enough .
Make sure it works on all the free OSes first -- new things start with their users .
[ 15 ]
Trevor Blackwell , who probably knows more about this from personal experience than anyone , writes :
" I would go farther in saying that because server - based software is so hard on the programmers , it causes a fundamental economic shift away from large companies .
It requires the kind of intensity and dedication from programmers that they will only be willing to provide when it 's their own company .
Software companies can hire skilled people to work in a not - too - demanding environment , and can hire unskilled people to endure hardships , but they can't hire highly skilled people to bust their asses .
Since capital is no longer needed , big companies have little to bring to the table . "
[ 16 ]
In the original version of this essay , I advised avoiding Javascript .
That was a good plan in 2001 , but Javascript now works .
Thanks to Sarah Harlin , Trevor Blackwell , Robert Morris , Eric Raymond , Ken Anderson , and Dan Giffin for reading drafts of this paper ; to Dan Bricklin and Bob Frankston for information about VisiCalc ; and again to Ken Anderson for inviting me to speak at BBN .
You 'll find this essay and 14 others in Hackers & Painters .
Some Technical Details
Japanese Translation
Microsoft finally agrees
Gates Email
