My iPad arrived yesterday afternoon via a friend in the US , and yes , it largely lives up to the hype : it 's shiny , elegantly realised and above all potentially very useful .
Well , apart from a few wrinkles , which range from a mere raise of the eyebrows to an exasperated WTF ?
First , Apple : why on earth did you leave out the Clock app ?
That omission alone means I can't ditch my iPod Touch on my travels because my iPad wo n't wake me up .
The iPod Touch has a built - in Clock app which will set off an alarm at a given time ; the iPad does n't .
Sure , there are loads of third - party clock apps , free and paid - for , available via the App Store , but none of them run in the background / when the device is asleep as the native app does , which means if you want your iPad to be an alarm clock , you 'll have to leave it on all night and your chosen clock running .
On the subject of missing apps , what has Apple done with Calculator ?
That 's a basic functionality of even the dumbest smartphone these days .
And no Voice Memos either .
Nor Weather .
I 'm more annoyed by that than I expected , as Weather is a simple but nicely executed app that I rely on more than I realised .
And yes , again , I know you can get third - party versions , but it would be nice if Apple had included them ( or the original ) with the iPad .
I 'd also like haptics ( that 's touch feedback ) for the onscreen keyboard , please .
It 's a very good stab at a virtual keyboard , and you can toggle keyboard click sounds on and off , but the very fact that the screen is finally big enough to touch - type on means that the absence of tactile feedback when you hit a key is a big omission .
I do n't think I 'd like to type for long periods of time on the iPad .
Other annoyances : it does n't charge while it 's syncing – which could mean you go off leaving it to suck in your huge music library and equally huge photo library only to come back and find that it 's died in the middle of the process .
Make sure it 's charged up before you start syncing .
Next ( though this could be me being useless , but I do n't think so ) I could n't get it to exchange files via Bluetooth with my Macbook Air , which means that you can't dump a few photos on to the device on the fly – you have to fire up iTunes and go through the whole syncing process .
Mostly , the size is about right – though I can't see myself reading ebooks in bed as it's a bit weightier than I expected .
However , it is too big to be just an iPod : I felt like Dom Joly with his oversized mobile when I dug it out of my handbag on the underground to fire up some music ; plus you can't manage it single - handed as you can with an iPhone or iPod Touch .
In fact , the need to use both hands when doing stuff is something I 'll have to get used to – one of the things I love about the iPod Touch is being able to everything with just one hand .
Still with the iPod app , the interface has been revamped , as indeed have the other native apps such as Mail and Contacts , but in this case I 'm not convinced it 's an improvement .
It feels busy and harder to navigate , and if there 's a way to turn off the Coverflow view , I have n't found it yet .
( The picture above shows what it looks like : is there a hidden button ? )
And of course the usual gripes about the lack of Flash apply , but it is even more infuriating on the iPad than on its smaller siblings ; on those you 're more often going to pick a steamlined mobile version of a site .
Websites look gorgeous on the iPad , especially in portrait orientation , but all too often there 's a big black hole where content should be .
Presently - though I 'm hoping this will be fixed as soon as it lands - that also means that the mobile streaming version of the BBC iPlayer does n't work .
I 'm hoping this is just a browser recognition issue ; iPlayer works brilliantly on the iPod Touch / iPhone but for now sullenly refuses to play on the iPad .
So no catching up on EastEnders in bed , then .
Maybe it will be the ebooks after all .
I 'm hoping most of those wrinkles will be addressed by the upgrade to iPhone OS 4.0 – due in the autumn for the iPad .
Until then , be seduced by the hype – but do bear in mind the flaws .
Caramelice is a mostly indica variety from Positronics and can be cultivated indoors ( where the plants will need a flowering time of ± 60 days ) and outdoors .
Positronics ' Caramelice is a THC dominant variety and is / was only available as feminized seeds .
Positronics ' Caramelice Description
Height : medium - short
Flowering time : 60 days
Harvest time : 1 -10 Oct
Yield indoor : 400 gr/m2 ; Outdoor 350-400 gr/ plant
THC : 16 %
CBD : 0.2 %
Caramelice concentrates the flavor and the aroma of her parents , while maintaining greater resistance to mold , and a decent flowering time .
From the fifth week on , she will begin to assume the typical intense orange color .
Her calyxes are covered with a large number of trichomes , forming " towers of gems " large and dense .
The flowers are so large and dense , they are called " donkey dicks " !
An intense citrus flavor awaits .
Orange , Lemon , and Lime , the entire family of citrus fruits are included in ONE variety of Cannabis !
The aroma , combined with the taste , are the keys to success for this variety .
It seems really to have a slice of orange in your mouth !
She provides a euphoric high , typically favoring the Skunk varieties .
She has an average psychoactive feel , ideal for anti-stress bliss .
of course she will increase the appetite .
It is recommended to use a retaining system , to sustain the weight of the massive buds .
The constant use of fans will be required , to move large amounts of air up to the huge bunches of flowers .
Essential , will be the adoption of odor controlling systems , such as carbon filters , an ionozer , or stink buckets .
A truly tasty smoke !
RapidShare has been sending out legal threats to link sites and search engines that use its trademark to encourage users to download copyrighted material .
The company is demanding that these sites cease their operations and hand over their domain names to RapidShare , voluntarily or through domain disputes .
A few weeks ago we revealed that Rapidshare was looking forward to collaborating with the entertainment industry , and that it would increasingly terminate the accounts of persistent copyright infringers .
This move is part of a new strategy for the file - hoster , which will also see it go after third party sites who use the RapidShare trademark to ‘ promote ’ or encourage copyright infringement .
“ We are extending our efforts to proceed against linking - sites , against so called RapidShare search engines and against individuals who abuse our trademark to distribute copyright protected content , ” RapidShare ’s departing CEO Bobby Chang wrote to the entertainment industry .
Several weeks later it seems that RapidShare is indeed keeping its word .
The company has recently sent out requests to a slew of site owners demanding that they stop abusing the RapidShare trademark for nefarious purposes .
In addition , RapidShare has filed several domain disputes against similar sites , hoping to scoop their domains .
Among the targets are Rapidshare.net , Rapid.org ( formerly Rapidfind ) and Rapidshare4movies.com , all sites that allow users to find content available on RapidShare .
In the letters sent by RapidShare ’s lawyers , site owners are asked to stop encouraging people to use RapidShare for copyright infringement ( i.e. close their sites ) and transfer the domain to RapidShare within two weeks .
Among other things , the lawyers cite trademark abuse and unfair competition as the reasons why RapidShare is taking these actions .
Whether this strategy is in the best interests of its users has to be doubted .
Torrent Freak spoke to several site owners who were targeted by RapidShare and none of them are planning to capitulate .
“ We find it amazing , considering the amount of traffic and inevitably premium memberships we drive towards Rapidshare , that they target us in such an aggressive manner and turn on their own customers , ” the founder of Rapid.org told TorrentFreak .
“ We will not comply with ludicrous threats , such as to hand over the domain , and we will continue building our already large community .
If at any point it becomes necessary for us to support alternative filehosts and / or create our own , we are capable and willing to do just that , ” he added .
Aside from legal pressure , the file - hoster has also filed several WIPO domain disputes in the last week against sites that use the word ‘ RapidShare ’ in their domain names .
If successful , these disputes could shutter many popular sites that were built on the RapidShare brand .
In the legal paperwork RapidShare clearly states that it does not want its site to be used for copyright infringement .
By closing the linking sites and search engines they most likely hope to improve their relationship with the entertainment industry and avoid being shut down themselves .
Remember the lawsuit filed by the family of 15 - year - old Blake Robbins against the school district that spied on him at home via webcam ?
The latest news comes from a motion filed by the Robbins family claiming that the school took more than 400 photos of Blake in his room — some while sleeping and others while he was " partially undressed . "
According to the motion filed Thursday , the Robbins family said that it was only aware of a handful of images being captured at the time the lawsuit was filed back in February .
Now , thanks to the court order asking the district to preserve evidence on all school - issued computers , the family has discovered more than 400 photos of Blake alone , not to mention the " thousands " more taken of other students in their homes .
In addition to these photos of students doing private things in their rooms , the school district also allegedly took screenshots of IM conversations they were having with friends .
Even worse , the IT staff responsible for implementing and monitoring the student laptops seemingly viewed the whole thing as entertainment .
The motion cites e-mails sent between staffers — one says the pictures were " like a little [ Lower Merion School District ] soap opera . "
Carol Cafiero , one of the administrators responsible for the program responded " I know .
I love it ! "
Cafiero is one of two staffers who have been placed on administrative leave .
The school district has always argued that it only turned on the webcams in the event that a laptop appeared to be lost or stolen , but the Robbins argue that there were numerous cases in which the school spied on students despite knowing exactly who had the laptops — sometimes , students absentmindedly forgot to return their computers on time or failed to pay the $ 55 insurance fee in a timely manner .
The latter was the case for Blake ; the school says it initially spied on him because he failed to pay the fee , though there appears to be no explanation as to why the IT staff watched him for at least two full weeks before he ended up getting disciplined for " improper behavior " at home .
Understandably , the court has issued an order barring any of the 400 + photographs or screenshots from being made available to anyone but the lawyers .
Even if you think the school district is within its rights to install monitoring software on school laptops , the IT staff appear to have gotten the whole district into a hairy situation by turning laptop security into their own real - life high school " soap opera . "
実は、ぶっちゃけRawQQはおすすめしません。
なにせ、
ウィルスでスマホが壊れるからです。
そんな危険を犯してまで海外サイトを使うのは情弱です。
日本の安全なサイトでも無料で漫画が読めますよ？普通に。
それ が「 U- NEXT ( ユーネクスト ) 」というサイト。
https://video.unext.jp/
登録は必要ですが無料ですし、このサイトならこの通り漫画ならなんでも揃っています。最新刊どころか全巻揃ってますよ。
ジャンプ系、マガジン系、サンデー系など出版社を問わずなんでもOK。
初回登録時にもらえるポイントを使えば無料で漫画を読むことができます。
また毎 月1,200ポイントがもらえるのでそれを使えば漫画を読むことができます。
不要になれば31日以内に解約すればお金は一切かからないので、ポイントだけをうまく使って完全無料で漫画を読みましょう。
なお、ポイントがもらえるのは今だけなので、とりあえず登録だけしておくとお得です。
人気漫画が無料で読める
RawQQより漫画が多い「 ユーネクスト 」
U- NEXTは無料で漫画が読める電子コミックサイトです。
実のところ、マンガを読むならユーネクストが最強。
進撃の巨人、キングダム、ベルセルク、ONE PEICEなど超人気タイトルがダントツに多い。
↓こんな感じ 。
アニメも2,000作品を見ることができます。
しかも登録から３１日間は完全無料。３１日以内に退会すれば料金は一切かかりません。
クレジットカードを登録する必要はありますが、安心してください。３１日以内に解約さえすれば完全無料です。
マンガは初回登録時に加算される600ptや毎月付与される1,200ptをうまく使うことで無料で読むことができます。
100万人が使っている人気サービス。無料に興味がない人は登録しないでください。
登録は1分で終わるので悩んでる時間が損ですよ。
登録するなら今のうちが絶対おすすめ。
人気漫画が無料で読める
RawQQの代わりに使われている「 FOD 」
FOD プレミアムも動画配信サービス大手。フジテレビ系列のサービスです。
FOD でも動画だけじゃなく、漫画を読むことができます。
FOD プレミアム会員になると毎月100ポイント付与、さらに8日、18日、28日に400ポイントずつ貰うことが出来ます。
つまり１ヶ月で1,300円相当のポイントがついて、実質２，３冊は無料で漫画を読むことができます。
さらに漫画を買うと20%がポイント還元されるので実質2割引で漫画が買えるようなものです。
初回限定 でAmazon Payを利用して登録できます。
FOD の公式サイト
RawQQの代わりと評判「music.jp 」
music.jpは音楽を楽しむためのコンテンツ・・・と思っている方が多いのではないでしょうか。
実は、music.jpは電子コミックを楽しむことができます。
500円コースでは640円のポイント、1000コースでは1330円のポイントがもらえます。
music.jpでも10%のポイント還元付き。つまり10冊で1冊無料になる計算です。
漫画だけでなく動画視聴もお得になります。
キャンペーンを多く使用して、さまざまなコンテンツを楽しみましょう。
music.jpの公式サイト
読める漫画の作品数は違うもの、music.jpやFODも同じ。漫画、アニメが見放題です。
無料期間や無料ポイントのある「 U-NEXT 」と「 music.jp」は今のうちに登録だけでもしておいたほうがお得ですよ。
The No.7 - seed Connecticut Sun marshaled a spirit of self - belief throughout their seven - game playoff run .
| Photo by David Dow / NBAE via Getty Images
With the WNBA Finals set , the six other playoff teams have seen their seasons end .
Should …
The bill would strip the Pakistani president of his sweeping powers
Pakistan 's parliament has begun debating a bill of constitutional amendments that would strip the president of his sweeping powers .
Among other measures , the draft amendment would transfer powers from the office of the president to the prime minister .
This would include taking away the president 's power to dismiss an elected government and appoint military chiefs .
An all - party parliamentary committee has already agreed on the amendments .
The amendments would also rename the North West Frontier Province , Khyber Pakhtoonkhwa - meaning " Khyber side of the land of the Pakhtuns " .
The renaming of the province has been a long - standing demand of the ethnic Pashtuns who dominate the region .
Constitutional amendments in Pakistan require a two - thirds majority both in the Senate and National Assembly .
But since all the major political parties have signed the draft , it is expected to sail smoothly through the two houses , says the BBC's Ilyas Khan in Islamabad .
Correspondents say the consensus on the agreement is being viewed as a major success of the country 's political leadership and the amendment will strengthen democracy in the country .
The present constitution confers vast powers on the president , including the power to appoint services chiefs , the head of the election commission and the head of the public service commission .
The president also has the power to dismiss all or any of the central or provincial governments and parliaments .
President Asif Ali Zardari indicated that he would do away with these powers in March last year .
In his first annual address to the parliament , he had said he wanted a package of constitutional reforms designed to restore the 1973 constitution to its original form .
Lenore and Windell , that brilliant hacker couple who run Evil Mad Scientist Laboratories , have a complete how - to for making a foldable lap stand for the iPad .
Sure , that iPad 's fun .
But does n't your arm get tired propping up one and a half pounds after an hour or two ?
Yes , one thing that the iPad is definitely missing is angle .
A laptop has an adjustable screen , and you can just set it on your lap for couchborne surfing .
Just set the iPad on your lap and … well … it 's sits there taunting you , pointing at the ceiling .
You can try sitting cross-legged like Steve Jobs , angle your knees with the help of the coffee table , or give up and shell out for a tabletop dock .
No , it 's not the end of the world .
But should n't fun new toys just be … fun ?
So here is our solution : a DIY adjustable - angle iPad stand for your lap .
Inexpensive , cozy , and light .
Designed for both portrait and landscape use , and ready to fold up for transport and storage .
With a stand , you can use your ' Pad with zero , one , or two hands , and sit how you darn well please .
An ash plume from IcelandÕs Eyjafjallajškull Volcano is seen in this NASA satellite image from April 15 , 2010 .
The eruption sent a plume of ash and steam across the North Atlantic forcing the United Kingdom , Ireland , France , and Scandinavia to close airspace over their countries .
UPI / NASA | License Photo
LONDON , April 17 ( UPI ) --
A ban on flights in Britain because of volcanic ash means shortages of medicine , cut flowers and exotic fruit and vegetables , but not groceries , officials say .
Dust from the Eyjafjallajokull Volcano in southern Iceland has closed airports across much of Europe and canceled most trans -Atlantic travel .
Advertisement
The Daily Telegraph reported the stock for clothing retailers is sitting in holding pens overseas waiting to be flown to Britain .
Air freight accounts for 25 percent of the country 's movement of international goods .
The Freight Transport Association said the cost to business and consumers will rise .
Grant Liddell , retail director of Uniserve Group , the British private logistics provider , said : " Even when airspace opens up we are looking at a backlog .
It will take 48 hours to sort out as a lot of carriers now have their aircraft mispositioned across the globe .
Where clothing is concerned it could take two weeks to clear the backlog . "
The problem does not extend to groceries .
A spokesman for Tesco , the retail grocery chain , told the newspaper : " Less than 1 percent of what we sell comes into the U.K. via air .
At the moment there is no impact and we have enough stock .
We are keeping a very close eye in it at the moment . "
A spokesman for the British supermarket chain Asda told The Daily Telegraph : " We do n't have much of a problem .
Where we do import fruit by air it tends to be exotic fruit .
We have a good stock at the moment . "
Meditation Cartoon Book
Laughing is not only fun , and good for your health , it 's also probably good for your spiritual life .
Check out Sit Illustrated the Meditation Cartoon book .
Find out more >>>
Pulitzer Prize Board , Mark Fiore , via Associated Press
Update : Apple ’s chief executive apparently believes that his company made a mistake when it rejected an iPhone app from a cartoonist who is now a Pulitzer prize winner .
Steve Jobs , the Apple chief executive , responded by e-mail message to a customer who asked about Mark Fiore ’s rejected app on Friday .
“ This was a mistake that ’s being fixed , ” Mr. Jobs replied .
Read more …
Original post :
Here ’s a digital - age perk of winning a Pulitzer Prize : Apple might invite you to re-submit your formerly rejected iPhone application .
Mark Fiore , who on Monday became the first online - only cartoonist to win a Pulitzer , for work that ran on the SFGate.com Web site , said this week that his app was rejected by Apple in December because it included cartoons that ridiculed public figures .
Cartoons , it turns out , can violate Apple ’s license agreement with developers , which states that apps may be rejected if the content “ may be found objectionable , for example , materials that may be considered obscene , pornographic , or defamatory . ”
Objectionable , of course , only in the anonymous eyes of Apple .
After winning the Pulitzer prize for editorial cartooning on Monday and telling the Nieman Journalism Lab of his app ’s rejection the next day , Mr .
Fiore was encouraged by Apple to submit it again .
Mr. Fiore re-submitted his app on Friday morning .
“ We ’ll see what happens , ” he said in a telephone interview .
When his NewsToons app , which displays his weekly animated cartoons , was developed , Mr. Fiore said he had not heard of “ the whole concept of getting rejected for ridiculing public figures . ”
“ That ’s what I do .
That ’s my life ! ” he said .
“ That ’s a tough one to get around if you ’re a political cartoonist . ”
After NewsToons was turned down in mid-December , Mr. Fiore did not try to submit it again , “ mainly because it seemed like it would be so daunting . ”
“ It ’s not like I had a phone number for someone at Apple , ” he said , adding , “ interestingly enough , I do now . ”
Apple did not respond to a request for comment Friday .
Mr. Fiore said he felt somewhat guilty that his sudden publicity as a Pulitzer winner apparently helped his cause .
“ Sure , mine might get approved , but what about someone who has n’t won a Pulitzer and who is maybe making a better political app than mine ?
Do you need some media frenzy to get an app approved that has political material ?
I wish they would accept decent political material based on merit , not on popularity , ” he said .
Mr. Fiore said he used Apple products to create his cartoons .
His Pulitzer win this week is notable for at least three reasons .
In addition to being the first Pulitzer for online - only work , it is the first Pulitzer awarded solely for animated video , as opposed to traditional cartoon strips or panels .
Mr. Fiore is also the first self - syndicated editorial cartoonist to win the prize .
Several years before the Pulitzers started to allow online - only entries , Mr. Fiore submitted his work anyway .
“ I thought , if I keep submitting a good packet , maybe this will help turn the tide ” toward online entries , he said .
Mr. Fiore said Pulitzer representatives would call — “ your heart kind of flutters ” at the possibility of winning , he said — but only to ask , “ Do you want us to tear up your check or send it back ? ”
Of his win , he said , “ it ’s amazing but it ’s also a little bit of vindication . ”
Japanese Geminoid F Bot Realistically Mimics Human Facial Expressions , Speech
The latest in the Geminoid series of eerie clones
A member of the Queensland Young Liberal National Party has been expelled after he called Barack Obama a monkey on a social networking site .
Nick Sowden last night posted messages on Twitter while the US President was being interviewed by Kerry O'Brien on the ABC 's 7.30 Report .
" I 'm not sure why they paid kerry to fly to america , if they wanted an interview with a monkey surely a Ferry to Taronga would have sufficed , " one tweet said .
" If I wanted to see a monkey on TV id watch Wildlife Rescue , " said a second .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Gordon Brown has apologised after being caught on microphone describing a voter he had just spoken to in Rochdale as a " bigoted woman " .
Sixty - five - year - old Gillian Duffy had challenged Mr Brown on a number of issues including immigration and crime .
As he got into his car , he was still wearing a broadcast microphone and was heard to say " that was a disaster " .
Mr Brown later phoned Mrs Duffy to apologise after the tape was played to him during a BBC Radio 2 interview .
After listening to the recording , with his forehead resting on his hand , he said : " I do apologise if I 've said anything that has been hurtful . "
The Prime Minister is now travelling to apologise to Mrs Duffy in person .
The comments were made after the conversation with Mrs Duffy which ended with him complimenting her and her family .
As he went to get into his car , Mr Brown told her : " Very nice to meet you , very nice to meet you . "
But off camera , and not realising he still had a Sky News microphone pinned to his shirt , he was heard to tell an aide : " That was a disaster - they should never have put me with that woman .
Whose idea was that ?
It 's just ridiculous ... "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Asked what she had said , he is heard to reply : " Ugh everything !
She 's just a sort of bigoted woman that said she used to be Labour .
I mean it 's just ridiculous .
I do n't know why Sue brought her up towards me . "
Mrs Duffy said after hearing of Mr Brown 's comments : " I 'm very upset .
He 's an educated person .
Why has he come out with words like that ?
" He 's supposed to be leading the country and he 's calling an ordinary woman who 's come up and asked questions that most people would ask him ...
It 's going to be tax , tax , tax for another 20 years to get out of this national debt , and he 's calling me a bigot . "
Mrs Duffy , a widow who has a daughter and two grandchildren , said she used to work with disabled children for Rochdale council before she retired .
She had earlier told reporters she was a lifelong Labour voter and described Mr Brown as being " very nice " .
BBC political editor Nick Robinson said it was a disaster for the prime minister because it showed the gap between his public face and private face .
" For those of us who have known Gordon Brown for many years , what we have seen is no huge surprise .
He has got better and better at handling himself in public , but quite often he flares up in private , expresses frustration , " he said .
Nick Robinson added that the irony was that if his comments had not been picked up , it would have been a lively election exchange which would have been seen to do him credit .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Speaking on Radio 2's Jeremy Vine show , Mr Brown said : " Of course I apologise if I 've said anything that 's been offensive and I would never put myself in a position where I would want to say anything like that about a woman I 'd met .
" I blame myself for what is done , but you 've got to remember that this was me being helpful to the broadcasters , with my microphone on , rushing into the car because I had to get to another appointment and they have chosen to play my private conversation .
These things can happen , I apologise profusely to the lady concerned . "
Mr Brown later telephoned Mrs Duffy to personally apologise for the comments , telling her he was very sorry and said she " is a good woman " .
When asked did this in any way make up for the comments she said " no - absolutely not " .
' Resilience '
A spokesman for the prime minister said : " Mr Brown has apologised to Mrs Duffy personally by phone .
He does not think that she is bigoted .
He was letting off steam in the car after a difficult conversation .
" But this is exactly the sort of conversation that is important in an election campaign and which he will continue to have with voters . "
The Conservatives said Mr Brown 's comments spoke for themselves .
Shadow chancellor George Osborne said : " That 's the thing about general elections , they do reveal the truth about people . "
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg said : " You should always try to answer the questions as best you can .
He has been recorded saying what he has said and will have to answer for that . "
Business Secretary Lord Mandelson said Mr Brown was " mortified " over the hurt he had caused Mrs Duffy .
He told the BBC : " It is very unfortunate that this remark that he did n't believe got picked up .
But he should be judged on how he responded .
And that 's why he apologised immediately . "
Chancellor Alistair Darling said Mr Brown 's apology was profuse and he was well aware he should not have made the comments .
" The election campaign will be decided not just on individuals but what the party stands for .
There are big issues at stake .
Gordon is a man of considerable strength , considerable resilience and considerable substance , " he said .
" I hope people will judge him in the round .
The fact we are coming out of this recession is down to him in no small part . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There are only about 4,000 snow leopards left in the wild
Two herdsmen have been sentenced to eight and 10 years in prison for killing a snow leopard in northwest China 's Xinjiang region .
China 's state news agency Xinhua quoted local authorities saying the men had set a trap after wild animals had been preying on their sheep .
When a snow leopard was trapped , they stoned it to death and gave its fur , bones and internal organs to others .
It is estimated that there are just 4,000 snow leopards left in the wild .
The wildlife protection office of Changji Hui Autonomous Prefecture confirmed that the animal they killed was a snow leopard , said Yang Jianwei , a publicity official of Manas County Committee of the Communist Party of China , where the men were convicted .
Xinhua reported that five suspects who had allegedly killed two snow leopards were arrested in January this year by the Public Security Bureau of Luntai County , Xinjiang .
Four people were sentenced to 12 years in prison for killing and selling four snow leopards on 19 November 2008 .
Snow leopards live between 3,000 and 5,500 metres above sea level in the rocky mountains in central and south Asia .
At the Campfire One event last night , Google launched the Google Apps Marketplace and demonstrated how external Web applications from other vendors can be integrated into Gmail , Google Calendar , Google Docs , and other services that are part of the search giant 's Web - based productivity suite .
In the quest for data liberation , Google 's hosted Web services have long offered a wide range of APIs for third - party developers .
With the launch of the new marketplace , however , Google Apps for domains is opening up even further and enabling external software to expose its own functionality directly through Google 's Web - based applications .
This will make it possible for third - party software in the cloud to offer broad interoperability with Google Apps and very tight integration .
When a Google Apps domain administrator installs an application from the new marketplace , it will be accessible to users directly through the Google Apps navigation bar , and the administrator will be able to configure it through the Google Apps control panel .
Those are the simplest examples of how software can tie into the Google Apps interface .
Google says that there are many other integration points that can be used by app developers .
In order to ensure that the experience is seamless , Google is relying on a number of increasingly important open standards .
Single sign - on , for example , is facilitated by OpenID .
Google Apps will act as an OpenID provider , and third - party Web applications that integrate with Google Apps will be implemented as OpenID relying parties .
This will make it possible for users to access the integrated software without having to provide a separate set of credentials .
The new marketplace system uses OAuth to open up the user 's data to third - party applications in a manner that is secure and transparent .
During the app installation process , Domain administrators will be able to see a list of data access permissions that the app needs in order to operate .
The applications will only be able to touch the user 's data if they are given explicit permission by the domain administrator .
Data access can be revoked at any time through the Google Apps control panel .
During the presentation at Campfire One , Google invited several of its marketplace partners to demo their new apps .
Intuit showed how it has integrated its own Web - based payroll offering with Google Apps , allowing employees to access their paystubs directly through Google Calendar .
Much deeper integration is also possible .
Atlassian showed how its collaborative development tools can be woven into the Google Apps ecosystem , with interactive notifications , calendaring , and embeddable OpenSocial gadgets that can be snapped into Gmail , Google Calendar , and iGoogle .
I tested the new marketplace myself by installing the Aviary application on my gwibber.com domain .
After installing the app , it became possible to access Aviary content directly through the navigation sidebar in Google Docs .
Installation was a simple process that required only a few steps .
The user experience was n't flawless , however .
Aviary had a bit of trouble handling the authentication token .
In order to participate in the marketplace , developers will have to pay an initial $ 100 entry fee .
Google also takes 20 percent of the revenue from application sales .
As the service is primarily geared towards business users , the marketplace is currently only available to Google Apps for domain users , not regular users of Google 's services .
For more details about the marketplace , see Google 's official announcement .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
The year after the Supreme Court struck down the District of Columbia ’s handgun ban and gun-lock requirements , the capital city ’s murder rate plummeted 25 percent .
The high court should keep that in mind today as it hears oral arguments about a Chicago handgun ban .
Gun controllers screamed to high heaven that impending disaster would follow the court ’s decision to junk some of the district ’s gun controls .
One of those screaming the loudest was Chicago Mayor Richard M. Daley , who incorrectly predicted more gun freedom would lead to more death and Wild West shootouts .
Instead , in Washington , murder rates rose when the handgun ban was in effect and fell once the regulations were removed .
Chicago ’s 1982 ban faired no better .
The forthcoming third edition of “ More Guns , Less Crime ” shows that in the 17 years after a ban on new handguns went into effect , there were only two years when Chicago ’s murder rate was as low as it was in 1982 .
The Windy City ’s murder rate fell relative to America ’s other 50 largest cities before the ban and rose relative to them afterward .
For example , Chicago ’s murder rate went from equaling the average for those other U.S. cities in 1982 to exceeding their average murder rate by 32 percent in 1992 .
There is no year after the ban that Chicago ’s murder rate fared as well relative to other cities as it did in 1982 .
That increase in murder rates is n’t surprising .
Every time gun bans have been tried anywhere , murder rates have risen .
Whether one looks at Ireland , Jamaica or England and Wales , the experience has been the same .
Not only did murder rates fail to decline as promised , but the rates actually increased following gun bans .
In general , gun-control laws disarm law - abiding citizens - not criminals who do n’t care about the law .
The lesson is that freedom and safety go hand in hand .
Sign up for Daily Opinion Newsletter Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
DETROIT --
A judge says former Detroit Lions receiver Charles Rogers must repay $ 6.1 million to the team .
Rogers was suspended for substance abuse in 2005 and was released by the Lions the next year .
The team has been trying to recoup two - thirds of his $ 9.1 million signing bonus .
U.S. District Judge Julian Abele Cook said Monday the money must be repaid .
An NFL arbitrator made the same conclusion in 2008 .
Lions attorney Thomas Bruetsch declined to comment on Tuesday .
Michael Cafferty , a lawyer for Rogers , says his client would like to play football in Canada and share some of his pay with Detroit .
Rogers was the second pick in the 2003 NFL draft .
In January , the former Michigan State star was sentenced to 93 days in jail for violating a court order to stay sober .
They 're crawling out from under the rocks everywhere .
In Missouri , white supremacist Glenn Miller has declared his candidacy for the United States Senate , vowing to " reach every nook and cranny in the state " in his quest for votes and launching a new campaign web site at the URL whty.org .
His opponents include Roy Blunt and Robin Carnahan , and his last try got him around 40 votes or so , but hey , any excuse to spread a little hate among friends , right ?
Miller is n't your ordinary run -of - the - mill Klansman either .
From Southern Poverty Law Center , 2004 :
One of the first white supremacists to use paramilitary tactics with his North Carolina - based hate group — the Carolina Knights of the Ku Klux Klan , which later morphed into the White Patriot Party — Glenn Miller went on the lam in 1986 after mailing a letter to 5,000 people calling for " total war " against the feds , blacks and Jews .
Miller had also violated a court order , stemming from a lawsuit filed by the Southern Poverty Law Center , prohibiting him from continuing to operate a paramilitary organization .
After a nationwide manhunt , authorities tear - gassed him out of a mobile home in Ozark , Mo. But Miller served only three years in prison , largely because he testified against 14 leading white supremacists in a 1988 Arkansas sedition trial .
Among other things , Miller told the court that the late Order founder Robert Mathews had given him $ 200,000 in stolen money to finance the White Patriot Party .
To kick off his campaign , he 's running a series of vile anti-Semitic ads hosted on the white supremacist site Vanguard News Network .
This is what happens when the dog whistle sounds among the wingnut contingent .
Sure , they 're not all racists , but they know how to stir up the ones who are violent , evil and malevolent .
I 'm amazed Miller is qualified to be a candidate for the Senate .
Does n't a felony conviction disqualify him ?
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas issued a new law on Monday banning settlement products in PA - controlled areas .
Hassan al - Ouri , a legal adviser to Abbas , said that the new law was based on the grounds that the settlements were “ cancers in the Palestinian body . ”
He said the law signed by Abbas was designed to confront the settlements with all means available to the Palestinians .
Ouri said Palestinians who purchased such products helped to “ fatten and legitimize ” settlements .
The new law also calls for punitive measures against any Palestinian who violates it , including confiscation of the merchandise .
The adviser said Abbas had been forced to issue the law in the absence of the Palestinian Legislative Council , the only body entitled to do so .
The PLC has been effectively paralyzed since Hamas seized full control of the Gaza Strip in the summer of 2007 .
Abbas ’s law follows a campaign by Prime Minister Salam Fayyad , launched last January , to rid the Palestinian market of settlement goods .
Fayyad also announced that his cabinet would contribute tens ofthousands of dollars to the newly - created National Dignity Fund , whosemain task is to increase the availability of Palestinian produce inlocal markets .
The PA prime minister later took part in ademonstration in which products made in settlements were burned .
Theproducts had been confiscated from Palestinian shops in the Nablusarea .
At the protest , Fayyad said the future Palestinian state would be “ free of fences and settlements . ” Fayyad ’santi - settlement drive has thus far resulted in the confiscation ofproducts worth more than $ 1 million , a PA official said .
Microsoft posted strong results for the third quarter of its 2010 fiscal year , largely thanks to sales of Windows 7 .
But the company continues to suffer heavy losses in its Online Services Division as it tries to match rival Google in the online search and advertising market .
During Microsoft 's fiscal third quarter , which ended March 31 , the Online Services Division , or OSD , reported a 12 percent increase in revenue , which rose to US $ 566 million on the back of higher advertising revenue .
That was n't enough to offset a surge in operating expenses during the period .
The division 's quarterly loss grew by 73 percent to $ 713 million , compared to a loss of $ 411 million during the same period last year .
OSD includes Microsoft 's online advertising business , the Bing search engine , and its various MSN websites .
In a discussion of OSD 's results , Microsoft blamed the increase in operating expenses on several factors .
It said sales and general administration expenses increased by $ 145 million , largely due to " transition expenses " from the search deal struck with Yahoo , which handles some advertising sales for Microsoft while Microsoft provides for Yahoo 's Web sites .
Another source of Microsoft 's higher costs was research and development , which increased 33 percent during the fiscal third quarter to $ 77 million due to higher headcount and payments to Yahoo for expenses incurred before it moved to Microsoft 's search platform .
Sales and marketing expenses were also higher , up 30 percent to $ 69 million due to increased promotional activities .
Despite the surge in quarterly expenses and rising losses , Microsoft noted two areas where OSD made progress : online ad revenue rose 19 percent during the quarter and Bing 's share of U.S. search queries rose to 11.7 percent during March , according to Comscore .
Yet , for all that Bing accomplished during the quarter , Microsoft 's search engine has yet to slow Google 's growth , let alone put a dent in its market share .
Following Bing 's launch in May 2009 , Microsoft 's share of the U.S. search market rose from 8 percent to 11.7 percent , according to Comscore .
But Google 's market share remained relatively constant during the period , rising from 65 percent in May 2009 to 65.1 percent in March 2010 .
Rather than drawing traffic away from Google , Bing 's gains in the search market appear to largely come at the expense of Yahoo , which saw its share of the U.S. search market drop from 20.1 percent to 16.9 percent between May 2009 and March 2010 .
Google also remains highly profitable , although an apples - to - apples comparison between its overall financial results and those of Microsoft 's OSD are difficult to make based on the information available .
For example , Microsoft does n't count revenue and expenses for Windows Live -- which includes Hotmail and Messenger -- as part of OSD 's financial results , instead accounting for them under a different business segment , the Windows and Windows Live Division .
Nevertheless , Google 's profitability marks a sharp contrast with OSD 's ongoing losses .
The company 's revenue rose 23 percent during the first quarter of 2010 to $ 6.77 billion , while its operating profit -- the company 's revenue minus operating expenses , which excludes interest and taxes -- rose 32 percent to $ 2.49 billion .
Whether OSD will turn a profit remains to be seen .
Microsoft believes
Bing is on the right track .
Speaking at a Morgan Stanley conference last month , Microsoft CFO Peter Klein said the Yahoo deal gives Microsoft 's search business the economies of scale it needs to be profitable over the long term .
" We love the direction we 're heading there , " Klein said at that time .
Throughout his Hall of Fame baseball career , Jim Bunning was famous for the brush back pitch : a fastball inside to a batter crowding the plate .
Now Mr. Bunning , a Republican from Kentucky who is retiring after this year , is throwing a political brush back in the Senate on behalf of fiscal responsibility .
And all hell has broken loose .
Mr. Bunning has dared to put a hold on a $ 10 billion spending bill to extend jobless insurance and fund transportation projects .
Mr. Bunning says he wo n't yield until the Senate finds a way ...
A judge in Travis County declined Wednesday to consider Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott 's request to intervene in the county 's first same - sex divorce case , letting stand the judge 's February decision to grant a divorce to two women who had been married in another state .
Abbott 's deputies had argued in court filings that Angelique Naylor , 39 , and Sabina Daly , 42 , may not be legally granted a divorce because Texas law defines marriage as between a man and a woman .
Naylor and Daly were married in 2004 in Massachusetts , where gay marriage is legal .
They returned to their home in Austin after their marriage and adopted a son who is now 4 .
During a hearing , state District Judge Scott Jenkins questioned Abbott 's decision to pursue the case , noting that his office is involved in same - sex divorce litigation in Dallas that is already on appeal .
That case , Jenkins said , is positioned to provide legal precedent on the legality of gay divorce .
He suggested that a delayed disposition in the Travis County case could affect Naylor and Daly 's son .
In previous court filings , Abbott 's office had argued that granting a divorce would subject Daly and Naylor to a lifetime of uncertainty .
Legal voidance , the court filings argued , is the quickest , cheapest and most reliable way to end the marriage .
Deputy Attorney General David Morales argued in court Wednesday that because Jenkins had not yet signed off on the final decree , the case was still open and the judge could consider the attorney general 's argument against granting the divorce .
Naylor 's lawyer , Jennifer Cochran , and Daly 's lawyer , Bob Luther , argued that because Jenkins had orally rendered final judgment by the time Abbott sought to intervene , Abbott had no legal standing to enter the case .
Jenkins said oral judgments are final in Travis County family cases , where it is critical to allow parties to wrap up litigation quickly and get on with their lives .
In the Dallas case referenced by Jenkins in court , a judge denied Abbott 's attempt to intervene .
That case involves two men who also were married out of state .
State District Judge Tena Callahan in Dallas County ruled in October that the two men could divorce in Texas .
Callahan also ruled in that case that the prohibition of same - sex marriage violates the right to equal protection under the U.S. Constitution .
Abbott appealed the ruling , and on April 21 , a panel of the Texas 5th District Court of Appeals in Dallas is scheduled to hear arguments in the case .
That case , Jenkins said , would likely reach the Texas Supreme Court , which could establish whether same - sex couples married elsewhere may legally divorce in Texas .
GalleryGates , Zuckerberg Meet for Wired Cover Shoot
" It 's funny in a way " , says Bill Gates , relaxing in an armchair in his office .
" When I was young , I did n't know any old people .
When we did the microprocessor revolution , there was nobody old , nobody .
It 's weird how old this industry has become . "
The Microsoft cofounder and I , a couple of fiftysomething codgers , are following up on an interview I had with a tousle - headed Gates more than a quarter century ago .
I was trying to capture what I thought was the red - hot core of the then - burgeoning computer revolution — the scarily obsessive , absurdly brainy , and endlessly inventive people known as hackers .
Back then , Gates had just pulled off a deal to supply his DOS operating system to IBM .
His name was not yet a household word ; even Word was not yet a household word .
I would interview Gates many times over the years , but that first conversation was special .
I saw his passion for computers as a matter of historic import .
Gates himself saw my reverence as an intriguing novelty .
But by then I was convinced that I was documenting a movement that would affect everybody .
The book I was writing , Hackers : Heroes of the Computer Revolution , came out just over 25 years ago , in the waning days of 1984 .
My editor had urged me to be ambitious , and so I shot high , crafting a 450 - page narrative in three parts , making the case that hackers — brilliant programmers who discovered worlds of possibility within the coded confines of a computer — were the key players in a sweeping digital transformation .
I had n't expected to reach that conclusion .
When I embarked on my project , I thought of hackers as little more than an interesting subculture .
But as I researched them , I found that their playfulness , as well as their blithe disregard for what others said was impossible , led to the breakthroughs that would define the computing experience for millions of people .
Early MIT hackers realized it was possible to use computers for what we now call word processing .
( Their initial program was called Expensive Typewriter , appropriate since the one machine it ran on cost $ 120,000 . )
They also invented the digital videogame .
The rebel engineers of the Homebrew Computer Club in Silicon Valley were the first to take advantage of new low - cost chips to build personal computers .
They may have begun as a fringe cohort , but hackers alchemized the hard math of Moore 's law into a relentless series of technological advances that changed the world and touched all of our lives .
And most of them did it simply for the joy of pulling off an awesome trick .
But behind the inventiveness was something even more marvelous — all real hackers shared a set of values that has turned out to be a credo for the information age .
I attempted to codify this unspoken ethos into a series of principles called the hacker ethic .
Some of the notions now seem forehead - smackingly obvious but at the time were far from accepted ( " You can create art and beauty on a computer " ) .
Others spoke to the meritocratic possibilities of a digital age ( " Hackers should be judged by their hacking , not bogus criteria such as degrees , age , race , or position " ) .
Another axiom identified computers as instruments of insurrection , granting power to any individual with a keyboard and sufficient brainpower ( " Mistrust authority — promote decentralization " ) .
But the precept I perceived as most central to hacker culture turned out to be the most controversial : " All information should be free . "
Stewart Brand , hacker godfather and Whole Earth Catalog founder , hacked even that statement .
It happened at the first Hackers ' Conference , the week my book was published , during a session I moderated on the future of the hacker ethic .
" On the one hand , information wants to be expensive , because it 's so valuable , " he said .
" On the other hand , information wants to be free , because the cost of getting it out is getting lower and lower all the time .
So you have these two fighting against each other . "
His words neatly encapsulate the tension that has since defined the hacker movement — a sometimes pitched battle between geeky idealism and icy - hearted commerce .
Though Hackers initially landed with a bit of a thud ( The New York Times called it " a monstrously overblown magazine article " ) , it eventually found an audience greater than even my overheated expectations .
Through chance encounters , email , and tweets , people are constantly telling me that reading the book inspired them in their careers .
Thumbing through David Kushner 's Masters of Doom , I learned that reading Hackers as a geeky teenager reassured Doom creator John Carmack that he was not alone in the world .
When I recently interviewed Ben Fried , Google 's chief information officer , he showed up with a dog - eared copy of the book for me to sign .
" I would n't be here today if I had n't read this , " he told me .
Video : hackersvideo.com
But it was the hackers themselves who inspired a generation of programmers , thinkers , and entrepreneurs — and not just fellow techies .
Everyone who has ever used a computer has benefited .
The Internet itself exists thanks to hacker ideals — its expansion was lubricated by a design that enabled free access .
The word hacker entered the popular lexicon , although its meaning has changed :
In the mid-'80s , following a rash of computer break - ins by teenagers with personal computers , true hackers stood by in horror as the general public began to equate the word — their word — with people who used computers not as instruments of innovation and creation but as tools of thievery and surveillance .
The kind of hacker I wrote about was motivated by the desire to learn and build , not steal and destroy .
On the positive side of the ledger , this friendly hacker type has also become a cultural icon — the fuzzy , genial whiz kid who wields a keyboard to get Jack Bauer out of a jam , or the brainy billionaire in a T - shirt — even if today he 's more likely to be called a geek .
The Hackers : Digital Revolutionaries , the Early Years : 1 , 5 : Bill Gates , cofounder of Microsoft ; 2 : Richard Stallman , leader of the GNU Project and founder of the Free Software Foundation ; 3 : Steve Wozniak , developer of the Apple II computer ; 4 , 6 : Lee Felsenstein , creator of the Osborne 1 computer ; 7 : Paul Graham , cocreator of Viaweb and cofounder of Y Combinator .
Photos : 1 : Corbis ; 2 : Hackersvideo.com ; 3 : Margaret Wozniak ; 4 : Matt Herron / Takestock ; 6 : Cindy Charles
In the last chapters of Hackers , I focused on the threat of commercialism , which I feared would corrupt the hacker ethic .
I did n't anticipate that those ideals would remake the very nature of commerce .
Yet the fact that the hacker ethic spread so widely — and mingled with mammon in so many ways — guaranteed that the movement , like any subculture that breaks into the mainstream , would change dramatically .
So as Hackers was about to appear in a new edition ( this spring , O'Reilly Media is releasing a reprint , including the first digital version ) , I set out to revisit both the individuals and the culture .
Like the movie Broken Flowers , in which Bill Murray embarks on a road trip to search out his former girlfriends , I wanted to extract some meaning from seeing what had happened to my subjects over the years , hoping their experiences would provide new insights as to how hacking has changed the world — and vice versa .
I could visit only a small sample , but in their examples I found a reflection of how the tech world has developed over the past 25 years .
While the hacker movement may have triumphed , not all of the people who created it enjoyed the same fate .
Like Gates , some of my original subjects are now rich , famous , and powerful .
They thrived in the movement 's transition from insular subculture to multibillion - dollar industry , even if it meant rejecting some of the core hacker tenets .
Others , unwilling or unable to adapt to a world that had discovered and exploited their passion — or else just unlucky — toiled in obscurity and fought to stave off bitterness .
I also found a third group : the present - day heirs to the hacker legacy , who grew up in a world where commerce and hacking were never seen as opposing values .
They are bringing their worldview into fertile new territories and , in doing so , are molding the future of the movement .
The Titans
Real hackers do n't take vacations .
And by that standard , Bill Gates is no longer a real hacker .
Gates himself admits as much .
" I believe in intensity , and I have to agree totally ; by objective measures my intensity in my teens and twenties was more extreme , " he says .
" In my twenties , I just worked .
Now I go home for dinner .
When you choose to get married and have kids , if you 're going to do it well you are going to give up some of the fanaticism . "
Indeed , looking back , Gates says that the key period of his hackerhood came even earlier .
" The hardcore years , the most fanatical years , are 13 to 16 , " he says .
" So you were over the hill by the time you got to Harvard ? " I ask .
" In terms of programming 24 hours a day ?
Oh yeah , " he says .
" Certainly by the time I was 17 my software mind had been shaped . "
He still seemed plenty intense when I met him as a 27 - year - old , brash but not given to making direct eye contact .
For half of the interview , he stared at a computer screen , testing software with one of those newfangled mouses .
But he engaged fully with my questions , rattling off his highly opinionated take on some of the people he worked with — and against — in the early days of the PC .
That intensity would inform his work and his company , helping him turn Microsoft into a software behemoth and himself into the richest human being on the planet ( for quite a while , anyway ) .
Gates ' faith in hacking underscored everything he did , right down to his staffing decisions .
" If you want to hire an engineer , " he says , " look at the guy 's code .
That 's all .
If he has n't written a lot of code , do n't hire him . "
Gates occupies a special place in the history of hacking .
Most consider him one of the best coders ever .
His first version of Basic , written so efficiently that it could run in the 4 - KB memory space of the Altair , was a marvel .
( Yes , that 's 4 kilobytes , not mega , giga , or today 's darling , tera . )
When people picture a computer geek , they typically think of someone like the young Gates .
And yet Gates , along with several other subjects of my book , went on to transcend his hacker roots .
This group helped turn hacking from an obscure vocation into a global economic and cultural force and then reaped the rewards of that transition : money , influence , and even fame .
This would n't have happened if Gates had been just another hacker .
Indeed , it was only by discarding key aspects of the hacker ethic that he was able to embrace computing 's commercial potential and bring it to the masses .
Pure hackers encouraged anyone to copy , examine , and improve any piece of code .
But Gates insisted that software was no different from other intellectual property and that copying a digital product was just as illegal as swiping a shirt from Kmart .
In 1976 , he wrote an open letter to computer hobbyists who copied his software , accusing them of theft .
His missive was considered blasphemous by some hackers , who believed that Gates was polluting their avocation by introducing commercial restrictions that would stifle knowledge and creativity .
Gates found these arguments ludicrous — this was a business , after all .
" I raised the issue in the sense of , jeez , if people paid more for software , I 'd be able to hire more people , " he says more than 30 years later .
That conflict continues to rage .
Gates puts the argument in perspective by pointing out that centuries ago , European publishers printed American writers ' works without compensation .
" Benjamin Franklin was so ripped off — he could have written exactly what I wrote in that letter , " he says .
Today , journalists are trying to figure out how to sustain their business when their product can be copied and distributed so easily — it 's the same dynamic .
Gates seems to take some satisfaction in this turn of events .
" Maybe magazine writers will still get paid 20 years from now , " he says to me .
" Or maybe you 'll have to cut hair during the day and just write articles at night .
Who knows ? "
The Hackers : Digital Revolutionaries , the Early Years : 1 : Lee Felsenstein , creator of the Osborne 1 computer ; 2 , 6 : Richard Greenblatt , pioneering member of MIT 's coder elite ; 3 : Richard Stallman , leader of the GNU Project and founder of the Free Software Foundation ; 4 : Tim O'Reilly , computer book publisher ; 5 , 9 : Andy Hertzfeld , designer of the first Macintosh OS ; 8 : Steve Wozniak , developer of the Apple II computer ; 10 : Mark Zuckerberg , founder and CEO of Facebook .
Photos : 1 : Bill Roarmor / themonthly.com ; 2 : Hackersvideo.com ; 3,6 : Matt Herron / Takestock ; 7 : Corbis ; 8 : Margaret Wozniak
Gates had to stray from the hackers ' rigid moral code to become a mainstream success .
All Steve Wozniak had to do was don a pair of dancing shoes :
While Woz is a hacker legend , best known for designing the original Apple computer , he has become an unlikely pop culture icon , turning up last year on Dancing With the Stars .
When I met up with him , he had just reunited with the other contestants for the season finale .
" I was dancing against Jerry Springer and Cloris Leachman , " he says over chips and salsa at a Mexican restaurant in Fremont , California .
His early elimination in no way dampened his spirits .
Very little dampens
Woz 's spirits , even the fact that reality TV celebrity is overshadowing his genuine accomplishments in technology : " People come up to me and say , ' Omigod , I saw you on Dancing With the Stars ! '
I have to say , ' Well , I did computers , too . ' "
Casual fans can be forgiven for overlooking Woz 's tech cred .
These days , he 's more likely to get attention for his unique hobbies ( Segway polo , anyone ? ) or love life ( he had a sign - of - the - apocalypse romance with comedian Kathy Griffin , although he has since married a woman he met on a geek cruise ) than for any new innovation .
Snarky
Web sites have mercilessly mocked Woz 's celebrity - mag turns and frequent appearances in an Apple store 's first - day lines as indications of sad irrelevance .
But Woz shrugs off the ribbing .
He recalls the instruction he gave to Griffin a few years ago : " Hey , you can embarrass me , you can abuse me , you can ridicule me as much as you want — if it makes people laugh it 's worth it . "
When I profiled Woz in my book , he was a socially awkward and insecure millionaire .
Now he is a confident and widely loved mascot for hacking culture at large .
From time to time , Woz still appears in the news as a force behind a startup with potentially groundbreaking technology .
CL 9 was going to devise superpowerful remote controls .
Wheels of Zeus promised to let users track their possessions through wireless technology .
But the first never lived up to expectations , and the second never released a product .
Now he works as chief scientist for a storage company called Fusion - io .
" I 'm doing a lot of sales - marketing work , " he says .
" But I 'm also looking at technologies that might be competitive in the future . "
But even
Woz does n't expect to create another Apple II .
In 2010 , his greatest contribution is as a role model .
His universal renown is a continuing reminder that brains and creativity can trump traditional notions of coolness .
He 's the nerd in the computer room whose stature — and happiness — far eclipses that of aging prom kings .
And that 's an inspiration for nerds everywhere .
Indeed , one of his protégé , Andy Hertzfeld , remains inspired by hacking .
Hertzfeld was n't a major figure in my book , but as one of Apple 's early employees and a designer of the Macintosh operating system , he could have been .
Today he's at Google , where his most visible contribution thus far is a feature that creates chronologies for Google News queries , so users can see how a story has developed over time .
But hacking in your fifties is n't as easy as it is in your twenties .
" When I was hacking on the Mac , I 'd be working away and think an hour had passed ; then I 'd look up , and it had been four hours , " Hertzfeld says .
" Now when I think an hour has gone by , I look up and it's an hour . "
It 's not just the passage of years that has changed Hertzfeld 's experience .
He has also had to adapt his individualistic approach to serve the geek - industrial complex that is Google .
On one hand , Google is a hacker mecca .
It values engineers as its most important assets .
" You are expected to work out of your passion , " Hertzfeld says — definitely a hacker - friendly value .
And the company supports open source software .
But Hertzfeld can't duck the fact that Google is also a big company with rigid standards and processes for designing products , which makes the experience more formal and less fun .
" My relationship to my work is that of an artist to his work , " he says .
And at Google , he adds , " I can't exercise my creativity in a way that gives me joy , which is my basic approach . "
But while he has lost some personal control , he has gained an unprecedented ability to make a mark on the world .
Someone at Google can affect the lives of millions with a few lines of code .
And that makes for a different kind of thrill than Hertzfeld experienced during Apple 's early days , when the potential of every product was unknown and limitless .
" There 's so much more leverage now to make a big impact , " he says .
" This stuff is as mainstream as can be .
Google , the iPhone — these move the culture more than the Beatles did in the '60s .
It 's shaping the human race . "
The Idealists
Richard Greenblatt tells me he has a rant to deliver .
Uh - oh .
Greenblatt was the canonical hacker of MIT's Project MAC — the forerunner to the school 's legendary AI Lab — in the early ' 60s .
In my book , I described how his fellow MIT hackers , appalled at his hygiene , used the term milliblatts to gauge olfactory unpleasantness .
It was n't exactly flattering .
Was he finally going to unload on me after all these years ?
To my relief , Greenblatt is more concerned with what he views as the decrepit state of computing .
He hates how the dominant coding languages , like HTML and C++ , are being implemented .
He misses LISP , the beloved language that he worked with back at MIT .
" The world is screwed up , " he says before launching into a technical analysis of the current condition of programming that I can't even hope to follow .
But coding is just the beginning .
The real problem , Greenblatt says , is that business interests have intruded on a culture that was founded on the ideals of openness and creativity .
In Greenblatt 's heyday , he and his friends shared code freely , devoting themselves purely to the goal of building better products .
" There 's a dynamic now that says , let 's format our Web page so people have to push the button a lot so that they 'll see lots of ads , " Greenblatt says .
" Basically , the people who win are those who manage to make things the most inconvenient for you . "
Greenblatt is not one of those people .
He belongs in a different group : the true believers , who still cling to their original motivations — the joy of discovery , the free exchange of ideas — even as their passion has grown into a multibillion - dollar industry .
Despite their brilliance and importance , they never launched million - dollar products or became icons .
They just kept hacking .
I am surrounded by similar idealists here at the 25th Hackers ' Conference , an annual gathering that celebrates the thrill of building something really cool .
It has been a few years since I last attended , but it 's just as I remember it : 48 hours of hackers meeting deep into the night at a Northern California resort , discussing everything from economic theory to data storage .
The crowd is somewhat long in the tooth , despite an overdue effort to bring in more attendees under age 30 .
The tech industry may be filled with young geniuses , but the old guys are still going at it , even if most of their efforts remain blithely obscure .
Greenblatt is a regular here , a link to the Mesopotamia of hacker culture : MIT .
He arrived at the school just after the members of its Tech Model Railroad Club gained access to a rare interactive computer .
Greenblatt became one of the best , a brilliant coder whose accomplishments include a sophisticated LISP compiler and one of the first autonomous computer chess programs .
At MIT , he was known as a hacker 's hacker .
But unlike Gates , Wozniak , or Hertzfeld , Greenblatt 's work never went mainstream .
In the 1980s , he started a company to build LISP machines .
It did n't pan out .
He was n't much of a businessperson .
These days , he describes himself as an independent researcher .
He moved into his mother 's house in Cambridge , Massachusetts , to take care of her and has lived there alone since she died in 2005 .
" The main project I 've been working on for 15 years is called thread memory , and it has something to do with English - language comprehension stuff , " he says .
" It 's basic research .
It 's not something that works today , but it 's something . "
When Greenblatt looks at the current state of hacking , he sees a fallen world .
Even the word itself has lost its meaning .
" They stole our word , " he says , " and it 's irretrievably gone . "
Greenblatt is far from alone in his wistful invocation of the past .
I first met Richard Stallman , a denizen of MIT's AI Lab , in 1983 .
Even then he was bemoaning the sad decline of hacker culture and felt that the commercialization of software was a crime .
When I spoke to him that year , as the computer industry was soaring , he looked me in the eye and said , " I do n't believe that software can be owned . "
I called him " the last of the true hackers " and assumed the world would soon squash him .
Was I ever wrong .
Stallman 's crusade for free software has continued to inform the ongoing struggles over intellectual property and won him a MacArthur Foundation " genius grant . "
He founded the Free Software Foundation and wrote the GNU operating system , which garnered widespread adoption after Linus Torvalds wrote Linux to run with it ; the combination is used in millions of devices .
More important , perhaps , is that Stallman provided the intellectual framework that led to the open source movement , a critical element of modern software and the Internet itself .
If the software world had saints , Stallman would have been beatified long ago .
Yet he is almost as famous for his unyielding personality .
In 2002 , Creative Commons evangelist Lawrence Lessig wrote , " I do n't know Stallman well .
I know him well enough to know he is a hard man to like . "
( And that was in the preface to Stallman 's own book . )
Time has not softened him .
In our original interview , Stallman said , " I 'm the last survivor of a dead culture .
And I do n't really belong in the world anymore .
And in some ways I feel I ought to be dead . "
Now , meeting over Chinese food , he reaffirms this .
" I have certainly wished I had killed myself when I was born , " he says .
" In terms of effect on the world , it 's very good that I 've lived .
And so I guess , if I could go back in time and prevent my birth , I would n't do it .
But I sure wish I had n't had so much pain . "
That pain came in part from loneliness , once a common complaint among the tiny and obsessive cadre of computer fans .
( A 1980 commentary by Stanford psychologist Philip Zimbardo implied that hackers were antisocial losers who turned to computers to avoid human contact . )
But as hacker culture has spread , so has its social acceptability .
Today , computer geeks are seen not as losers but as moguls in the making .
They tend not to suffer the intense isolation that once plagued Stallman — thanks , ironically , to the commercialization he so bemoans .
As much now as 25 years ago , Stallman is a fundamentalist , a Hutterite of hackerism .
His personal Web site is a grab bag of appeals for people to boycott various enemies of the cause , from Blu-ray to J. K. Rowling .
He even feuds with his former allies , including Torvalds .
( " He does n't want to defend users ' freedom , " Stallman says . )
He has particular contempt for Apple , with its closed systems and digital rights software .
He refers to their products using Mad- magazine - style puns .
The music player is an iScrod .
Its mobile device is an iGroan .
The new tablet computer is the iBad .
And he is an equal - opportunity kvetcher .
When I tell him that Hackers will soon be available for the Kindle — which Stallman , predictably , calls a Swindle — his dour demeanor evaporates as he energetically encourages me to resist the e-reader 's onerous DRM .
" You have to believe that freedom is important and you deserve it , " he says .
Despite his disillusionment , the fire still burns within him .
Facebook CEO
Mark Zuckerberg says that his company promotes hacker values .
Photo : Carlos Serrao
Lee Felsenstein is keeping the flame alive as well .
Felsenstein was the subversive moderator of the Homebrew Computer Club , the PC industry launchpad whose members — including Woz — were the target of Gates ' letter .
A veteran of the Berkeley free speech protests , Felsenstein thought that putting cheap computers in the hands of " the people " would allow everyone to take information , manipulate it to better reflect the truth , and distribute it widely .
He was right about the rise of the PC , but he says he 's still waiting for its democratizing effect .
" Lincoln Steffens once commented , ' I have seen the future , and it works , ' " Felsenstein says .
" But I 'm with the guy who changed that to ' I have seen the future , and it needs work . ' "
On a personal level , Felsenstein 's career has been checkered .
He was celebrated for the Osborne 1 computer , but the company went bust .
So did Interval Research , where Felsenstein worked for eight years .
" If I wanted to , I could be bitter about it , " he says .
" But I do n't want to . "
Instead , Felsenstein is putting the next generation of geeks on the path of the righteous .
He recently helped establish a workspace in Mountain View , California , called the Hacker Dojo , which charges each of its 80 members $ 100 a month for access to a fully stocked , 9,500 - square - foot DIY shop with an in - house network .
It 's one of several " hacker spaces " across the country — outposts devoted to empowering formerly isolated and underequipped gearheads .
" I am a sensei of the dojo , " he says , a wide grin on his face .
" Felsenstein sensei . "
The Next Generation
Greenblatt , Stallman , and Felsenstein see hacking as a set of ideals .
But Paul Graham sees it as a humming economic engine .
The 45 - year - old Internet guru , himself a fanatic engineer in his day , is a cofounder of Y Combinator , an incubator for Internet startups .
Twice a year , his company runs American Idol - style contests to select 20 to 30 budding companies for seed funding and attendance at a 10 - week boot camp , culminating in a Demo Day packed with angel investors , VCs , and acquisition - hungry corporations like Google and Yahoo .
How does Graham pick the most promising candidates ?
Easy .
He looks for the hackers .
" We 're pretty hackerly , so it 's easy to recognize a kindred spirit , " says Graham , who in 1995 cocreated Viaweb , the first Web - based application .
" Hackers understand a system well enough to be in charge of it and make it do their bidding — and maybe make it do things that were n't intended . "
The best prospects , he says , are " world hackers , " people " who understand not only how to mess with computers but how to mess with everything . "
Indeed , Graham says that today , every business is looking to hire or invest in firms run by hackers .
" We tell founders presenting at Demo Day , ' If you dress up too much , you will read to the investors as a stupid person . '
They 're coming to see the next Larry and Sergey , not some junior MBA type . "
Stallman would recoil in horror at Graham 's equating hacking with entrepreneurial effectiveness .
But Graham has found that hacking 's values are n't threatened by business — they have conquered business .
Seat - of - the - pants problem - solving .
Decentralized decisionmaking .
Emphasizing quality of work over quality of wardrobe .
These are all hacker ideals , and they have all infiltrated the working world .
A new generation of hackers has emerged , techies who see business not as an enemy but as the means for their ideas and innovations to find the broadest audience possible .
Take Facebook founder and CEO Mark Zuckerberg , who has lured 400 million users to share their personal lives online .
At 25 , he has proven to be a master of the art of business development — unabashedly opening his site to advertisers and marketers .
Yet he clearly thinks of himself as a hacker :
Last year he told the audience at an event for would - be Internet entrepreneurs , " We 've got this whole ethos that we want to build a hacker culture . "
To find out what he meant by that , I visit him at Facebook headquarters , a large building on California Avenue in Palo Alto — the same street where in 1983 I rented a room to use as a base while researching Hackers .
Surprisingly , Zuckerberg , best known for wearing North Face fleece , is sporting a tie .
He explains that he is nearing the end of a year in which he promised his team that he would show up for work in neckwear every day .
It turned out to be a good year for Facebook — despite the recession , the site more than doubled its user base and finally turned a profit .
" Maybe it 's a charm , " he says of the tie .
" But I think it mostly just chokes me . "
Zuckerberg 's adopted style may not come from the golden age of hacking , but his work ethic does .
" We did n't start with some grand theory but with a project hacked together in a couple of weeks , " Zuckerberg says .
" Our whole culture is , we want to build something quickly . "
Every six to eight weeks , Facebook conducts " hackathons , " where people have one night to dream up and complete a project .
" The idea is that you can build something really good in a night , " Zuckerberg says .
" And that 's part of the personality of Facebook now .
We have a big belief in moving fast , pushing boundaries , saying that it 's OK to break things .
It 's definitely very core to my personality . "
In the ongoing competition for talent , Zuckerberg believes that the company with the best hackers wins .
" One good hacker can be as good as 10 or 20 engineers , and we try to embrace that .
We want to be the place where the best hackers want to work , because our culture is set up so they can build stuff quickly and do crazy stuff and be recognized for standout brilliance . "
Unlike the original hackers , Zuckerberg 's generation did n't have to start from scratch to get control of their machines .
" I never wanted to take apart my computer , " he says .
As a budding hacker in the late '90s , Zuckerberg tinkered with the higher - level languages , allowing him to concentrate on systems rather than machines .
For instance , when he played with his beloved Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles , Zuckerberg would n't act out wars with them , like most other kids .
He would build societies and pretend the Turtles were interacting with one another .
" I was just interested in how systems work , " he says .
Similarly , when he began playing with computers , he did n't hack motherboards or telephones but entire communities — manipulating system bugs to kick his friends off AOL Instant Messenger , for instance .
Like Gates , Zuckerberg is often accused of turning his back on hacker ideals , because he refuses to allow other sites to access the information that Facebook users contribute .
But Zuckerberg says that the truth is just the opposite ; his company piggybacks — and builds — on the free flow of information .
" I never wanted to have information that other people did n't have , " he says .
" I just thought it should all be more available .
From everything I read , that 's a very core part of hacker culture .
Like ' information wants to be free ' and all that . "
A previous generation of hackers — and I — worried that the world of commerce would choke innovation and stymie a burgeoning cultural movement .
But hackerism has survived and thrived , a testament to its flexibility .
According to computer - book publisher Tim O'Reilly — who fosters hackerism through his Foo Camp " unconferences " — hacking culture will always find new outlets .
Big business may stumble upon and commodify their breakthroughs , but hackers will simply move on to unexplored frontiers .
" It 's like that line in Last Tango in Paris , " O'Reilly says , " where Marlon Brando says , ' It 's over , and then it begins again . ' "
The current frontier for hackers , O'Reilly says , is not the purely mathematical realm of 1s and 0s but actual stuff — taking the same tear - it - down - and - build - it - anew attitude that programmers once took to compilers and applying it to body parts and wind - energy - harnessing kites .
( O'Reilly Media publishes Make magazine and runs the Maker Faire festivals , celebrations of the DIY spirit . )
But even this area , he says , has begun the shift toward entrepreneurship .
The pure hackers — the ones who do things for the sheer pleasure of it and are turned off by investors and spreadsheets — are looking elsewhere .
O'Reilly says most of the action is in DIY biology — manipulating genetic code the way a previous generation of hackers manipulated computer code .
" It 's still in the fun stage , " he says .
Just ask Bill Gates .
If he were a teenager today , he says , he'd be hacking biology .
" Creating artificial life with DNA synthesis .
That 's sort of the equivalent of machine - language programming , " says Gates , whose work for the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation has led him to develop his own expertise in disease and immunology .
" If you want to change the world in some big way , that 's where you should start — biological molecules . "
Which is why the hacker spirit will endure , he says , even in an era when computers are so ubiquitous and easy to control .
" There are more opportunities now , " he says .
" But they 're different opportunities .
They need the same type of crazy fanaticism of youthful genius and naèFvetè9 that drove the PC industry — and can have the same impact on the human condition . "
In other words , hackers will be the heroes of the next revolution , too .
Senior writer Steven Levy ( steven_levy@wired.com ) wrote about tablet computing in issue 18.04 .
Anna Arrowsmith says she wants to achieve change in Gravesham A pornographic film director has been selected as the Lib Dem prospective parliamentary candidate for Gravesham , Kent .
Anna Arrowsmith , managing director of adult entertainment firm Easy on the Eye Productions , has directed hundreds of films under the pseudonym Anna Span .
Mrs Arrowsmith , 38 , believes women are under - represented in Parliament .
Party leader Nick Clegg said although her job was not " his cup of tea " , she cared passionately about her area .
He told GMTV that she was certainly no " cardboard cut - out Westminster politician " , but said it was important that " people like her " who cared about their local areas put themselves forward .
Gravesham 's Tory MP Adam Holloway added that people should not pre-judge her .
Mrs Arrowsmith , who has an MA in philosophy and lives in Groombridge , said Margaret Thatcher 's performance during the 1979 general election campaign had sparked her interest in politics and the current expenses scandal had spurred her on .
She said : " If people do n't know what I do for a living then they would never know .
" The local party and the local people who I have so far met have seen that I 'm very driven .
Let he or she who is without sin cast the first stone
Adam Holloway
" I 'm not campaigning on behalf of my old industry .
I 'm campaigning on behalf of the people in the Gravesham area .
" When people get to see me , they will realise that I 'm used to project managing and that I 'm driven to achieve change rather than just promising it . "
Referring to Mrs Arrowsmith 's link to the pornography industry , Mr Holloway said : " Let he or she who is without sin cast the first stone .
" It 's not my thing but I 'm sure she is probably a very nice woman .
We 'll see . "
' Unusual occupation ' A spokesman for the Liberal Democrats said : " The Liberal Democrats are proud to have candidates throughout the country with a great diversity of backgrounds and life experiences .
" Anna will be a strong candidate for Gravesham , and with her family links to the area we believe she is the best person to bring fairness to local people . "
Labour prospective parliamentary candidate for Gravesham Kathryn Smith said : " What Anna does is certainly an unusual occupation but that is her choice and it does n't offend me .
" What concerns me more is the Liberal Democrat 's confusion on the economy and soft approach on crime .
They flip flop between expensive spending commitments one minute and promises of tax cuts the next . "
The UK Independence Party prospective parliamentary candidate for Gravesham is Geoffrey Clark .
Richard Crawford will stand for the Green Party and Steven Uncles for the English Democrats .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gamers may soon be able to help reduce the United States ' massive budget deficit .
In an effort to reduce the USA 's $ 12.8 trillion federal budget deficit , President Barack Obama 's fiscal commission co-chairman Erskine Bowles has asked Microsoft CEO Steve Ballmer about creating a debt - reducing videogame , USA Today reports .
According to the report , the game would " enable anyone with a computer to take a stab at balancing the budget . "
Democratic Senator Bob Kerrey said the game could even " go viral . " " What you could get is support among the populace for the exceptionally unpopular things you need to do to solve this problem , " added Kerry , who help release his own budget - reducing game called Budget Shadows for PC in 1994 as chairman of the Bipartisan Commission on Entitlement and Tax Reform .
Testimony today in the trial of Tonya Craft , a Chickamauga , Georgia , kindergarten teacher accused of molesting three little girls , provided more ammunition for skeptics like Reason contributor William L. Anderson , who argues that Craft is being railroaded .
Craft was arrested two years ago and has since lost her job and custody of her two children .
Anderson believes Craft , like the defendants in the McMartin Preschool case and other child molestation panics of the 1980s and '90s , faces false charges based on testimony from child witnesses who have been coached by therapists , police , and prosecutors to " remember " things that never happened .
Today 's testimony by one of Craft 's alleged victims reinforces that impression .
Here are excerpts from reporting by WCRB , the NBC affiliate in Chattanooga ( emphasis added ) :
First witness called to stand is a 9 - year - old female … .
Witness later describes Tonya Craft giving her a bath .
The testimony is graphic [ involving painful digital penetration of her vagina and rectum ] .
Witness uses hands to show how she was molested .
Witness says molestation happened more than once … .
Witness says she did n't tell anyone because she was scared .
Claims Tonya
Craft threatened to kill her mom if she told ….
9 - year - old witness says she is an actor .
She has played in two movies , says she has also appeared in catalogs and magazines .
Witness says she has played a character who was abused .
This will be a key a part of the defense strategy in casting doubt … .
Assistant District Attorney objects to the defense showing child 's acting / model photographs .
Defense wants to ask the child about her ability to remember rehearsed lines .
The judge overruled .
Defense then showed child her resume from a movie web site , asking her about acting lessons … .
Witness says she was abused by Tonya Craft when she [ was ] in her kindergarten class and while in the first grade .
Defense attorney is asking child who she talked to about coming to court .
The child said her therapist … .
Witness asked what she thought of Craft as a teacher .
Said , " I did n't like her . "
Defense trying to prove that is n't true .
Defense reading letter written to Craft by child witness and her mother thanking Tonya for her teaching .
Child looking at card she wrote to Craft at end of school year .
It says " I love you . "
Child witness changing story about where in Tonya Craft 's house molestation allegedly happened , and when .
Defense still probing for answers .
Defense : " Is there anything else ? " Girl : " There is more , but I can't remember . "
Child witness then added that Tonya would mow lawn in short shorts & bra… .
The witness on the stand says Craft molested her six or more times .
When the defense attorney asked her why she did n't remember before , she said , " I just remembered . "
Obviously , none of this is conclusive one way or the other , but if this is the general quality of the testimony against Craft ( and presumably the prosecutors led with their strongest witness ) , reasonable doubt will be inescapable .
Anderson notes that the usual line from accusers in cases like this is that we must " believe the children , " but it 's clear from overturned convictions and academic research ( not to mention everyday experience ) that little kids frequently will insist that something happened when it did not , especially if they are repeatedly coached by adult authority figures ( who themselves may sincerely believe that abuse occurred ) .
Here we have a 9 - year - old recalling what allegedly happened when she was 5 , with who knows how many intervening conversations aimed at eliciting descriptions of abuse .
Furthermore , Anderson reports , several children who were at Craft 's house when some of the abuse allegedly occurred insist that nothing untoward happened .
If so , " believe the children " does not bring us any closer to the truth .
Anderson says the indictments in this case , which charge Craft with 22 counts of child molestation and aggravated sexual battery , are suspiciously vague about the timing of her alleged crimes , which compounds the difficulty of rebutting the prosecution 's case .
He also notes that the judge , who has been notably hostile to the defense , represented Craft 's ex-husband in divorce proceedings as a lawyer , the sort of experience that could be expected to bias him against her .
He rejected defense requests to recuse himself .
After the prosecution , with the help of local media outlets , dragged Craft 's name through the mud , the judge imposed a gag order that prevented her from defending herself in public .
Craft 's supporters have a website .
For the LGBT community , the case against voting Tory continues to solidify -- it increasingly seems that , beneath their new , shiny , rainbow - coloured surface , much of the party consists of the Thatcherite homophobes of old .
To paraphrase that old smoothie Loyd Grossman , let 's take a look at the evidence : the weird alliance with far - right European homophobes including Michal Kaminsky ; the shadow home secretary Chris Grayling agreeing that B&B owners should have the right to bar gay couples ; Cameron 's major gaffe in an interview in March with Gay Times , in which he seemed to say MPs should be allowed to vote against laws that uphold homosexuality as a human right ; the shadow defence minister Julian Lewis saying he was against equalising the age of consent , as gay sex carries a high risk of Aids ; the defection of two senior members of the Conservative gay group LGBTory to Labour ; Cameron 's anti-gay voting record . . .
Who would live in a House like this ?
David Cameron , it 's over to you . . .
The latest sorry chapter in the Tories ' big gay unravelling came yesterday , as first reported by Pink News , when the Scottish Conservative candidate for North Ayrshire and Arran , Philip Lardner , said that he thought homosexuality was wrong and he -- like the Stagecoach boss Brian Souter ten years ago -- supported parents and teachers who opposed the teaching of gay equality .
On Lardner 's website , he states clearly that " homosexuality is not normal " ( yawn ) and goes on :
The promotion of homosexuality by public bodies ( as per Clause 28 / section 2a in Scotland ) was correctly outlawed by Mrs Thatcher 's government .
Toleration and understanding is one thing , but state promotion of homosexuality is quite another .
Christians ( and most of the population ) believe homosexuality to be somewhere between " unfortunate " and simply " wrong " and they should not be penalised for politely saying so -- good manners count , too , of course .
The current " law " is wrong and must be overturned in the interests of freedom as well as Christian values .
Cameron said he moved to sack Lardner " within minutes " , but the damage had already been done .
He has doubtless reformed the Conservatives ' stance on gay issues to a great extent and exorcised much of the latent homophobia from senior levels of the party -- welcoming several openly gay MPs -- but there is no escaping the existence of the prejudiced ( and often evangelical Christian ) right - wing faction within the party at grass - roots level .
It 's for that reason that the vast majority of LGBT voters still want to steer well clear of them .
As my colleague George Eaton reported on Monday , support for the Tories among gay voters has collapsed to roughly 9 per cent , down from 39 per cent in June 2009 , and justifiably so .
The defected former head of LGBTory , Anastasia Beaumont - Bott , described the Conservatives ' gay policy as " an elaborate deception " :
It feels like there is a different message for every audience .
I think we should think about what Mr Cameron 's Conservatives stand for . . .
A leopard does not change its spots .
Should we be surprised ?
This is , after all , the party that gave us rabid bigots ( there , I said it ! ) such as Norman Tebbit , who recently made some characteristically compassionate comments about persecuted African homosexuals , and the battleaxe gay - rights opponent Janet Young ; that introduced the punitive anti-gay legislation Section 28 , and fought bitterly against its repeal , as well as voting against proposals to lower the age of consent .
When leader of the Tories , William Hague , we should n't forget , ordered every Tory MP to vote against the repeal of Section 28 in 1999 and viciously expelled Shaun Woodward from the party for daring not to do so ( wisely , he crossed the carpet to Labour ) .
Hague recently defended Grayling 's B&B comments .
Since 1997 , Labour , by constrast , has repealed Section 28 ; lowered the gay age of consent , first to 18 and then to 16 ; introduced same - sex civil partnerships ; legalised adoption by gay couples ; equalised the Sexual Offences Act ; made homophobic abuse a hate crime ; and given a commitment to work for LGBT rights at an international level .
In short , if you 'll excuse the neologism , Labour < hearts > the gays .
And how about the Lib Dems ?
Popularity for them among gay voters has soared , as a joint result of the Tories ' blunders and the televised leaders ' debates .
With an LGBT eqality body , DELGA , that 's an official part of the party , their policy on gay rights looks impressive , including tackling bullying in schools , getting tough on hate crime , increasing LGBT representation in parliament , ending the deportation of persecuted gay people to their home countries ( something Jacqui Smith was slated for doing ) , and campaigning for " marriage without borders " -- " for marriages and civil partnerships to be available in the UK to people regardless of gender , and for same - sex partnerships to be recognised throughout Europe and internationally " .
The last is something Nick Clegg has personally endorsed .
Greed is Good : Top 4 Wall Street Scams
Greed is Good said Gordon Gekko in the movie Wall Street released in 1987 ; greed seems to be a very common theme on Wall Street .
Over the last few decades we have seen a series of scandals on Wall Street , ranging from cooperate false earnings reports to ponzi schemes by money managers .
Over the years we have seen numerous high profile fraud cases , most recently charges were brought up against investment banking giant Goldman Sachs .
The public has lost all trust and faith in Wall Street and its overcompensated executives .
Let ’s review some of the biggest Wall Street greedy scumbags , in no particular order .
WorldCom
WorldCom probably pulled of one of the largest accounting frauds in history .
Between January 2001 and March 2002 they admitted to have inflated profits by no less then $ 3.8BN , by the end of 2003 it was estimated that WorldCom ’s assets had been inflated by about $ 11BN .
Enron
One of the most publicized and well - known scandals is that of Enron .
Enron ’s third quarter earnings report in October 2001 sent off red flags , which eventually led to its bankruptcy in November 2001 .
Its stock price between Aug 2000 and Nov 2001 fell from $ 90 to less then $ 1 .
Shareholders lost $ 74BN leading up to Enron ’s bankruptcy ; employees lost billions in pension funds .
Although in later lawsuits shareholders and employees were awarded some funds , these were nowhere near what they lost .
“ Bernie ” Madoff
Once one of the most respected investors and money managers , Bernard Madoff ( Bernie Madoff ) is nothing more then a lying , stealing , greedy thief .
Madoff ran one of the longest ponzie schemes of our time ; I still do not understand how it was not uncovered for such long time .
If it were not for the financial crisis this ponzie scheme would have continued .
According to the criminal complaint Madoff defrauded clients of almost $ 65 billion , making it the largest ponzie scheme in history .
Although the actual number may never be known according to some estimates Bernie Madoff ’s net fraud could be up to $ 20 billion .
Arthur Andersen
Arthur Andersen was once one of the “ Big five ” accounting firms providing auditing services .
Previous to the Enron scandal Andersen was fined by the SEC for auditing work for Waste Management in the mid 90’s , however the Enron scandal took Andersen down .
Arthur Andersen was the auditor for Enron and was found guilty for obstruction of justice when they destroyed important documents linking them to Enron .
Eventually the verdict was overturned but Arthur Andersen never made it back to the accounting world .
I have just highlighted out the biggest cases , there are hundreds of smaller counts of fraud and greed on Wall Street .
Every time it seems that the government and regulators are behind in setting appropriate measures and protecting the public .
Will we ever trust Wall Street again ?
Is Greed Good ?
These 25 e-commerce websites showcase some design masterpieces that are not only beautiful , but accessible and useful .
Enjoy these unique and custom e-commerce shops .
No cookie - cutter designs here .
The e-commerce store design niche has exploded over the last 5 years .
As more and more online shops pop up , the need to create eye - catching and sales producing e-commerce designs has grown .
Some companies rely on an Ecommerce template while others go the custom design route .
Many e-commerce sites are refusing to commit to the cookie - cutter approach and have instead created some of the most inspirational and unique website designs on the net .
The desire to stand out from the crowd is not restricted to the shopping mall aisles or the magazine ad spaces .
Bold colors and attention - grabbing designs are now commonplace in the online shopping world .
I ’ve rounded up several of the best custom e-commerce designs to give you a gallery of e-commerce beauty .
Enjoy these 25 fine crafted e-commerce website designs :
Shicon
Friends With You
Baby Universe
Red Velvet Art
Ashes & Milk
Cellar Thief
SEIBEI
Consolidated Foodservice
Bilka
Surf Ride
My Brands
Mia & Maggie
Sticker Mule
Krista ’s Creation
Bridge55
Bonjour Mon Coussin
4th Street Cookie
Herrenausstatter Braun
Bythreads
UPPERCASE
Wire and Twine
Under Armour
Shoe Guru
evel
Cosmic Soda
Incase
Share it With Your Friends :
Want More ?
Subscribe and We'll Deliver it to You .
The rise will add about $ 2.16 to a pack of 30 cigarettes and generate an extra $ 5 billion over four years , which the government vows to invest in hospitals .
" Because of media speculation about the excise in recent days , there was real concern about changes to consumer behaviour and the importance of acting now , " Mr Rudd said , saying the decision had been brought forward on advice from the Tax Office .
Health Minister Nicola Roxon said the Tax Office was already monitoring cigarette outlets for any signs of stockpiling among consumers today .
" The Tax Office will be taking steps if there is any evidence of hoarding between the announcement being made and the time at which it commences , " she said .
" We obviously want to make sure that these announcements have the effect as intended , which is that from midnight tonight your average packet of 30 cigarettes will cost $ 2 or so extra as a result of these changes .
" And we hope and we encourage the community to think again about whether now is the time to quit . "
Mr Rudd denied the announcement was politically motivated or brought forward to draw attention away from the stalling of the ETS .
" There appears to be sort of an assumption in your question that this is somehow a popular announcement .
It ’s just not , " he said .
A Tibetan artist named Gade -- only Gade -- has combined his love of Western pop culture and Tibetan wall painting by introducing some very familiar mythological characters to the ancient art : superheroes .
In his 2008 exhibition " Making Gods , " Gade explored the power of icons and the modern influences on today 's Tibet :
Paintings from his ' New Buddha Series ' and his ' Diamond Series ' reflect this culture shock with images of such American iconic pop figures as Mickey Mouse , Spiderman and the Hulk appearing in the centre of traditional - looking works .
Gade points out that these figures show up in every corner of the earth .
" When I visited a tiny village called Pazi at the base of Mount Xishabangma ( 8,102 metres ) in the Himalayas , the kids there had backpacks with Mickey Mouse on them , and were drinking Coca Cola .
That made me realise the incredible power of those ubiquitous emblems of Western culture and Western values . "
... His new ' Mandala Series ' takes the Buddhist mandala , which represents an entire world or state of mind , and puts in monsters , tools and objects or , as in Five new Buddhas , Mickey Mouse and Batman as two of the ' new Buddhas ' .
A Buddhist himself , Gade does not believe that such works are blasphemous as " The Buddhist gods are wise : they know precisely why I do what I do .
...
The responsibility of the artist goes beyond creating beautiful things .
I just say what I believe . "
See more of Gade 's work , via io9 , after the jump .
Viktor Mayer - Schoenberger , is the author of " Delete : The Virtue of Forgetting in the Digital Age . "
He is the director of the Information and Innovation Policy Research Center at the National University of Singapore and a faculty affiliate of the Belfer Center of Science and International Affairs at Harvard University .
He holds degrees in law and economics from Salzburg , Harvard and the London School of Economics .
Deutsche Welle :
You argue that the fact that the Internet does n't allow us to forget anything anymore is a huge problem .
Why ?
Viktor Mayer - Schoenberger :
By keeping information accessible for a very long period of time we will enter a society where what he have said today or yesterday may be held against us in the future .
Not just in a week or two , but in a year or perhaps a decade .
As this happens , it would also be taken out of context .
So we will be confronted with our utterances online that we uttered today in a particular context 10 years down the road when the world has moved on and much of our preferences and values might have changed .
That 's a huge problem .
The traditional response to that problem has been to recommend to people to be self - censoring their utterances .
President Obama famously said to students that they should n't post anything on Facebook or other social networking sites if they feared that this could be held against them in the future .
I think that 's the wrong approach .
If we start self censoring ourselves in what we do online we would not only impoverish the open robust debate that we need in a democratic society , but we would also shortchange the powerful tools online that are available for us to peer - produce knowledge and to share information .
Do the negative effects of remembering really outweigh the benefits that we can store and save not just personal , but also cultural information that would have been lost earlier ?
The important thing is that all through human history forgetting was easier for us and remembering was hard .
Today this has become reversed :
The problem is that today remembering is so easy and forgetting so hard that for all practical purposes individuals rarely have a meaningful choice anymore in what is being remembered and for how long .
I do want our society and us individually to again have a meaningful choice about what we want to remember and for how long .
Google has been criticised for its street view project that collects and saves large amounts of information
There are certain things that we ought to remember and that we must remember , but that 's a choice we will make .
Currently we are living in a world where our digital devices by default store everything that they capture and because it takes an enormous amount of time and effort we just do n't go through our digital photographs anymore and decide which ones we like and which ones we do n't .
We just store everything on the hard disk .
The default is storage , the default is agglomeration of memory .
You propose a simple solution to the problem of eternal storage : an expiration date for information .
Can you explain how this could work ?
Expiration dates for information are very straightforward and easy .
I suggest that just like a filename we assign to a file that we save - a text document or a photo or a video - an expiration date .
Whether its two days into the future or whether its 200 years into the future , when the expiration date is reached the file is deleted .
We should be able to change the expiration date in any form or shape we want even after we have selected it if we change our mind .
The important thing is not the expiration date as a technical solution .
The importance is that by entering the expiration date for files and information , we as human beings are confronted with the question of how long this information is going to be relevant .
And this brings back the timeline of information , the temporal nature of information , that most information is contextual and loses its value over time and therefore its relevance .
To be effective such an expiration date would have to be agreed upon on an international level .
Who could set such a standard in your opinion ?
I think that the internet is a perfect example for ad - hoc standards and ad - hoc protocols that have emerged and where companies and organizations have signed up to it .
Expiration date information is meta -data .
We can have ad - hoc standardization relatively easily .
If for instance Amazon , Google and Flickr get together and set a standard perhaps together with Microsoft , then other companies and organizations will follow suit .
This is not about a 100 percent solution , but about a solution that takes care of 70 or 80 percent of the problem .
If the major providers of Internet services would adhere to the principles of expiration dates we would have made a gigantic step forward toward a solution .
An expiration date would have tremendous implications on governments and businesses who want to mine the increasing amount of information available for political , security and economic purposes .
Do you see any chance that they are interested at all in an expiration date ?
I do n't see it that binary .
In fact I see the expiration date as a way by which the information quality of many Internet services could improve .
Take Amazon 's book recommendation as an example .
If Amazon has many old book purchases of myself that they factor into my book recommendations , the recommendations may be based on interests and preferences of my past that are no longer relevant for me in the present .
Companies like Amazon store a host of personal data of their customers
I might have been interested in travelling to Bali , but now I have been to Bali so I have no interest in books about Bali anymore .
The quality of information that Amazon and others use and base their recommendations on could be improved if I tell them when the information that they have about me is no longer relevant .
Expiration dates do exactly that .
So if I purchase a book and at the same time tell Amazon please only use this book purchase information for the next two months to make recommendations about other purchases to me , the quality of the book recommendations that Amazon provides for me would actually increase .
The same is true for search requests on Google and with many other information providers on the Internet that base their services on the high quality of the information that they use to calculate it .
You have a personal website and are active on Facebook and Linkedin .
How do you handle your personal information on the internet ?
I tend to be quite careful in what I share on the Internet and I hate myself for that .
I hate myself for having to be self - censoring when in fact I would rather be able to share much more information with others .
So I would like to live in a world in which I could share information with some strings attached , particularly with a forgetting string .
Interview : Michael Knigge
Editor : Rob Mudge
HTC has agreed to pay Microsoft a royalty when it sells a mobile phone running Google 's Android operating system .
But why does Microsoft make money from Google 's software ?
Android is based on open source software - and Microsoft has long raised fears that aspects of Linux may infringe on its patents .
The deal with HTC is described as a patent agreement which " expands HTC ’s long - standing business relationship with Microsoft " .
HTC also sells phones based on Windows Mobile .
The deal could be seen as a veiled threat to other handset makers choosing Android - if they do n't have such an agreement in place then presumably Microsoft is at liberty to sue them for patent infringement ?
Steve Ballmer has a history of warning enterprises using Linux that Microsoft considers the open source operating system to be in breach of its patents .
Talk of pending legal action aims to put off would - be purchasers - or at least delay buying decisions .
Microsoft 's bland eight - line statement makes no mention of which patents are covered .
Hat tip to Ina Fried at CNET for joining the dots .
Microsoft 's deputy counsel Horacio Gutierrez said the company was in talks with other " device manufacturers to address our concerns relative to the Android mobile platform " .
Mobile players like Nokia , Apple and RIM are in the midst of a patent lawsuit daisy chain - see stories below .
Microsoft 's press release is here . ®
The Lazarus - like recovery of the nation ’s big banks did not benefit just the bankers — it also created huge paydays for hedge fund managers , including a record $ 4 billion gain in 2009 for one bold investor who bet big on the financial sector .
The manager , David Tepper , wagered that the government would not let the big banks fail , even as other investors fled financial shares amid fears that banks would collapse or be nationalized .
“ We bet on the country ’s revival , ” Mr. Tepper , who describes his trading technique as a mix of deep analysis and common sense , said Wednesday in an interview .
“ Those who keep their heads while others are panicking usually do well . ”
That strategy handed Mr. Tepper , a plain - spoken Pittsburgh native who first made his name at Goldman Sachs , the top spot on the annual ranking of top earners in the hedge fund industry by AR : Absolute Return + Alpha magazine ( subscription required ) , which comes out Thursday .
" I certainly think there 's something to it ; I do n't think you should undervalue that fact , " Laviolette said .
" Maybe those teams that traded for him felt they were in a position to make a run .
And why would n't you want him on your back end ?
He plays 30 minutes both ways , and the bigger the game , the bigger he is . "
Les nouveautés continuent à débarquer chez Casino770 avec toujours plus de surprises pour vous permettre d'en profiter avec joie !
L’univers incandescent de nos nouvelles machines à sous disponibles dès aujourd ’hui sur votre site préféré , saura vous faire rêver tout en attirant votre Chance !
Solar King
Mettez en marche machine à sous munie de 5 rouleaux , de 4 rangées et de 9 lignes de paiement pour faire un voyage passionnant , à couper le souffle et riche en gains dans l'Egypte ancienne !
Celle - ci regorge de symboles tres intéressants dans le jeu , tels que le symbole Wild , le symbole Scatter ( 3 Scatters déclencheront 10 Tours Gratuits ) ainsi que le symbole Soleil qui activera les Cadres Enflammés pour transformer les cellules en symboles Wild !
Scarab Temple : Hold and Win
Tous les trésors cachés d’Égypte vous attendent aux pieds des pyramides de cette slot à 5x3 rouleaux et 25 lignes de paiement , accompagnés d`un très bon mélange de symboles comprenant non seulement des Wilds et Scatters , mais aussi des Tours Gratuits !
Le Jeu Bonus est votre ticket vers encore plus de gains , et si la chance est de votre côté , vous pourriez même remporter un des 3 Jackpots : Mini , Major ou Grand !
Greta Goes Wild
Laissez - vous plonger dans l'atmosphère joyeuse de l’Oktoberfest !
Le festival a lieu sur une machine à 5 rouleaux et 3 rangées avec 10 façons de jouer !
Parmi les meilleures fonctionnalités offertes par le jeu , on retrouve les Scatters , les wilds de Greta , les Tours Gratuits , ainsi que les multiplicateurs Wilds qui peuvent être collants .
Sans oublier les fonctionnalités aléatoires telles que le « Oh Greta » !
Dragons Of the North Deluxe
Les dragons sont de retour !
Un nouveau chapitre de magie et de sensations fortes vous attend sur cette machine à 5x3 rouleaux et 50 lignes de paiement comprenant des fonctionnalités épiques : les Wilds Empilés , les Prix de rouleau , la Roue Jackpot ( qui propose 4 Jackpots ardents ) , les Tours Gratuits , l’Aventure des Dragons , les multiplicateurs aléatoires ainsi que les Super Tours Gratuits Légendaires !
Primal Hunt
Préparez - vous à voyager dans le temps jusqu'à l'âge de pierre !
Traquez le lion féroce sans relâche pour activer des fonctionnalités inédites sur cette slot à 5 rouleaux , 4 rangées et 80 lignes de paiement !
Trois ou plus symboles « Lion des Cavernes » vous rapporteront des Tours Gratuits pendant lesquels les Wilds pourront se multiplier par x2 ou par x3 !
Toutes ces nouvelles machines à sous vous assurent de nombreuses possibilités de jeux et donc de gains , il n’y a plus qu’à prendre place , et empocher de belles récompenses !
Prêts à gagner ?
Inscrivez - vous dès maintenant à notre Concours de Mercredi !
Du 30 septembre , 17h00 au 07 octobre , à 16h59 , misez un minimum de 20 € d'argent réel sur ces 5 slots , et laissez la Chance vous mener jusqu'à la victoire !
Vous participerez ainsi à un Tirage au Sort unique , vous permettant de remporter votre part d'une cagnotte de 100 Prix ( y inclus une Tablette Samsung Galaxy ) !
Plus vous jouez , plus vos chances de sortir gagnant augmentent !
Termes et conditions :
Image posted on YouTube .
A plant food compound that has become one of Britain 's favourite recreational drugs will become illegal in two weeks following its connection with 25 deaths in the country .
A mephedrone consumer tells us why the ban could make it all the more dangerous .
Mephedrone , which is known by recreational drug users as " meow meow " , " bubbles " and " MCAT " , is a chemical compound originally used to feed plants .
It 's a synthetic form of cathinone , the active ingredient in the mildly narcotic leaves of the khat plant .
Readily available online , a Google search for " Buy Mephedrone UK " produces 1,360,000 results .
Largely unheard of by the British public for over five years , the legal high came under the spotlight in November last year when the death of a 14 - year - old was linked to the drug .
Since then the UK tabloid press has launched a crusade to ban the legal sale of mephedrone .
Public concern pushed the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs to complete a report about the drug .
Released on Monday ( 29 March ) , the council listed the following potential side effects : hallucinations , blood circulation problems , rashes , anxiety , paranoia , fits and delusions .
The same day , parliament voted to ban the drug and categorise it as a Class B substance .
As of 16 April , those running the websites that have been selling it will face up to 14 years in jail should they continue .
A print - screen of the homepage of one mephedrone supplier taken on Thursday , a few days after the ban was announced .
Last night the Democrats dropped a very aggressive financial reform amendment that would force the breakup of big banks .
The American Prospect 's Tim Fernholz has a great interview with Senator Ted Kaufman , one of the Senate 's leading anti-Wall Street gadflies .
You and Senator Sherrod Brown have proposed an amendment that would cap the size of the largest banks and , in effect , break them up .
How do you sell this to people who are leery of what seems like a radical move ?
First off , we 've broken up things before .
We broke up Standard Oil , we broke up AT&T , we broke up the accountants , too .
A lot of the changes we 're talking about , the mergers , are just new .
When you look at the reasons these banks are so big -- and you know how big they are -- remember the reason JP Morgan Chase is so big is because they bought Washington Mutual when it was in trouble , and Wells Fargo bought Wachovia , and Bank of America bought Merrill Lynch [ during the crisis ] .
It is pretty straightforward , now that these are back on their feet , that it makes sense to break them up .
The real thing that we have to do here is make sure we do n't have institutions that are too big to fail .
These things are massive , some of them are over 2 trillion in assets , [ and ] trying to resolve them [ if they fail ] will be very , very difficult .
Read the whole interview >
Hastings College of the Law , part of the University of California , rightly prohibits student organizations from discriminating .
A Christian group that bars non-Christian and gay students sued the school for denying it funding and access to its facilities .
The Supreme Court hears arguments Monday in the case .
It should rule in favor of Hastings .
To qualify for official recognition , and receive money from a publicly financed university , groups at Hastings are required to adhere to the school ’s nondiscrimination policy , which says that official student groups cannot refuse membership on the basis of race , religion , national origin , sexual orientation or other prohibited factors .
For years , the Christian Legal Society chapter at Hastings adhered to this policy .
In 2004 , it changed course and required members to sign a “ statement of faith ” that denied membership to students who did not share all of the society ’s religious beliefs , as well as gay students .
Hastings told the society that it could not remain a recognized group and receive money from the school unless it stopped discriminating .
The society refused , and when the funding stopped , it sued , claiming that its First Amendment rights of free speech , free association and free exercise of religion were being denied .
Sulphur Creek
Capitol Reef National
Park is perhaps one of Utah 's best kept secrets .
It has that trademark Utah scenery , but its own unique flavor , and attracts fewer visitors than other National Parks in Utah .
This view features a classic Capitol Reef butte , and an odd , decaying structure on the riverbank which many people have emailed and asked about .
The structure as viewed here is a cross section of old riverbank reinforcement , or rip rap , probably dating from the 1970s .
Obviously , the river won !
Other panoramas on this site from Capitol Reef include this panorama of a red sandstone gulch a short distance to the west .
Another panorama , from the somewhat remote Cathedral Valley area , features Gypsum Sinkhole , created when an underlying gypsum plug dissolved .
- Martin van Hemert - Martin van Hemert
As the Tea Parties continue to embarrass America ...
Yesterday there were a few hundred loons with offensive Nazi - themed signs that walked around American cities screaming at camera crews and repeating Sarah Palin talking points .
" I want to tell 'em , nah , we 'll keep clinging to our Constitution and our guns and religion -- and you can keep the change ! "
Good hell .
Nobody is taking your guns .
The Constitution is not changed .
This from a woman who when asked who her favorite Founding Father was drew a blank , then said " all of them , " then Glenn Beck mentioned Washington , then what do you know , Palin picked Washington too .
Good save Glenn .
Due to the fracturing of their own base , the right now has three separate factions .
Conservatives , Republicans , and Tea Partiers .
With Republican politicians weighing the option if they have to side with the tea parties to get reelected even though they loath the people involved .
It 's like going to The Crossroads and making a deal with El Diablo himself .
Then you can't even play the guitar .
( See : John " I Never Said I Was a Maverick " McCain for an example . )
By the the way , it took less than a day for reporters to piece together a montage showing John absolutely considered himself a maverick and ran for President on that claim .
He mentioned the phrase during the Republican National Convention !
The Tea Partiers tried to bring out the big celebs at a rally yesterday .
Everyone was pretty busy .
So , ladies and gentleman , Victoria Jackson !
" Who is this ?
Was she on Facts of Like or Something ? "
Screw it , play the crap song with your out of tune uke .
Just sad .
The silverware needed polishing and the furniture could use a good dusting .
Nunc quis turpis sed tortor viverra dictum .
commodo lorem sed , ultrices leo .
( home | blog )
bootchk has taken over maintenance of Resynthesizer .
The latest version is available from the GIMP registry :
Resynthesizer is a Gimp plug - in for texture synthesis .
Given a sample of a texture , it can create more of that texture .
This has a surprising number of uses :
Creating more of a texture
( including creation of tileable textures )
Removing objects from images
( great for touching up photos )
Creating themed images
( such as the Resynthesizer logo above )
For details of the algorithm , see my PhD thesis .
bootchk has taken over maintenance of Resynthesizer .
The latest version is available from the GIMP registry :
Older version
Compiled Windows version : resynthesizer - for - Windows -0.13b.zip
Debian : apt - get install gimp - resynthesizer
Previous versions ...
Note : A " feature " that has confused some people --
If there is a selection in the input texture image , Resynthesizer will take texture from everywhere but that selection .
( This makes sense if your input texture image is the same as your target image , where you usually want to overwrite the selection with something other than the selection . )
This plug - in was developed as part of my PhD with the CEMA group at Monash University .
Some other interesting links :
This is an amazing poster , and it 's amazingly structured .
However , I see one error with the information contained in it , and that error sticks out too much for me to ignore it .
The poster comes in English .
That means that if you can read the poster , you can read in English .
But if you do n't know how to read in English , you can't read the poster .
Since the poster tells you that you 're fortunate if you can read the message , does that mean that you 're not fortunate if you do n't know English even if you know how to read in any other language ?
The message is wonderful , but I 'd feel terrible if I did n't try to help you make it accurate .
Is it almost time ?
Can we finally start making preparations , send out a global Evite welcoming millions to a grand ritual down by the beach , a fantastic ceremony featuring copious amounts of fire and cake , dancing and vodka , Shakti icons and free condoms for all ?
Verily , is the Catholic Church and its dank , nefarious heart , the Vatican , with its attendant red-robed apologists , unreformed child rapists and a leader who is , as Richard Dawkins rightly declares , " a leering old villain in a frock , who spent decades conspiring behind closed doors for the position he now holds ... a man whose first instinct when his priests are caught with their pants down is to cover up the scandal and damn the young victims to silence , " is it safe to say this archaic and vile institution is finally nearing its end ?
How grand to imagine -- even for a moment , even if you already sense it 's damn near impossible , even if you think the Church still does some good in the world , somewhere -- how utterly uplifting to think that finally , after all these centuries of lies and oppression , intolerance and cover - up , that one of the most dangerous , insular religious monoliths in the world could come tumbling down in a smoldering heap , with something fluid , feminine and utterly transformational to spring up in its place .
You want a true second coming ?
A big , happy slap of the Rapture ?
There you go .
I am nowhere near exaggerating .
At present , it 's nearly impossible to keep track of all the accusations , evidence , grim letters , bogus apologies and cover - up conspiracies , not to mention the hundreds -- if not thousands -- of newly emerging claims of child rape and abuse that are winging around that " holy " place , coming in from all over the world , as dozens of old white men in robes scurry about trying to deny it all and protect the kingdom at all costs , while the flames lick ever closer .
Hell , I 'm still trying to stomach three of the largest and most nauseating scandals to erupt in the past year or so .
1 ) The staggering revelation of 60 + years ' worth of sexual abuse and beatings of countless hundreds of orphans at the hands of Irish nuns and priests , dating back to the '50s .
2 ) The nearly 200 deaf boys sexually molested in Wisconsin over the course of nearly 25 years by a single priest , Rev. Lawrence C. Murphy , a man who should have died in prison but who , due to the Vatican 's reticence and equivocation led by Pope Benedict , instead went to his grave entirely unpunished , as a full priest .
3 ) The unconscionable tale of a priest named Stephen Kiesle of Oakland , who confessed to tying up and raping numerous children , who himself recognized his own vileness and begged to be defrocked , but who a then - archbishop Ratzinger insisted stay put for many more years to avoid bad PR .
He therefore continued to rape and molest , unpunished , even returning years later to work as a youth minister .
Put in its simplest terms : the current pope had full knowledge that one of his priests was raping children , and did nothing to prevent it .
You 'd think that would be enough .
You'd think that might be sufficient to turn the stomach of the world , sufficient to overthrow the dour regime once and for all .
Of course , those horrors are just the tip of the repellent iceberg .
Pull on those few threads and watch in horror as a string of lies and cover - ups 2,000 years long uncoils like a tapeworm , revealing centuries of hypocrisy and shame .
As for Pope Benedict , well , he 's increasingly revealed to be one of the more power - hungry , ruthless , ultra - conservative popes in recent history , with new facets of his ugliness being revealed by the week .
It brings up , once again and for the millionth time , a time - honored question :
How much is enough ?
Will there ever be a point when all the scandals and lies , rape and abuse finally crash over the enormous legal and pseudo - moral walls that religions are allowed to put up to protect themselves from persecution and justice , with waves high and powerful enough that they could wash away the Vatican once and for all ?
The answer is , of course , almost zilch .
There is no chance whatsoever .
The Catholic Church is simply too enormous , entrenched , global , powerful .
What 's more , Ratzinger himself is armored like a tank with wealth , power and papal infallibility .
Good thing he 's 82 years old .
Not long for this world .
A fact for which we can all be thankful .
Perhaps , then , the only thing that can truly change the church is the revulsion and outcry of its millions of followers , demanding change , revolution , upheaval .
And millions of Catholics worldwide appear to be demanding just that ; the Vatican is under unprecedented pressure to make amends , modify its repellant ways , maybe usher in a true reformist pope in the wake of one of the ugliest " holy " leaders in recent history .
Then again , maybe none of it will have any effect .
After all , few Catholics of any modern stripe actually pay any attention to the Vatican 's childish dictums and archaic declarations , even its scandals .
The pope is largely irrelevant .
Turning a blind eye to the real history of the church and the nasty cadre of creepy old men who rule it ?
That 's just part of being Catholic .
Meantime , the stunning numbers just keep coming .
The Vatican has now reportedly spent between two and three billion dollars -- that 's with a b -- in legal fees and quiet reparations to the thousands of molested and abused .
That 's just the current number .
It will be growing exponentially , because the cases are nowhere near complete .
They just keep coming .
And they probably always will .
I was n't kidding above .
I firmly believe we have this apocalypse thing all wrong , backwards .
The Second Coming has nothing whatsoever to do with some melodramatic return of a bearded , sandal - wearing hippie anarchist who comes back to take away all the booze , porn and tattoos as he whisks away the trembling " true believers " to a land of harps , minivans and horrible sex .
Wrong .
The Rapture is when the major karmic roadblocks of man -- all the Vaticans , popes , temples , cults , megachurches and even most organized religions all stagger and collapse under the weight of their inherent hypocrisy , all the oppressed sexuality , the homophobia , misogyny , fear of science , the denial of true spiritual source .
You could call it one of the greatest ironies of man :
Only when our supposedly " holy " dogmas , institutions and leaders fail , can the human soul ever truly be free .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
Tags
There have been many complaints recently about the way Washington works — or rather its recent failures to efficiently implement Obama 's policy priorities .
Paul Krugman compares the present state of American politics to the gridlock that afflicted 17th - century Poland .
Use of the Liberum Veto froze the Polish parliament ( the Sejm ) .
Now senators are holding up new legislation in America .
Many others have added complaints about special - interest groups and an alleged need for public financing of elections .
Evan Bayh cites partisanship and gridlock as reasons for his departure from the Senate .
Bayh claims that it was easier to serve the public " in the old days . "
Generally speaking , there is a feeling among many that the legislative process can and ought to work better , and that elected officials can and should do a better job of serving the public .
While critics of the status quo in Washington are no doubt sincere , there are good reasons to see their views as naïve .
Ideology does influence the way many senators vote .
According to one study , voter preferences are a minor influence on how senators vote , except for senators who face strong opponents in upcoming elections .
[ 1]
In highly competitive politics , politicians must ignore more ideological and extreme viewpoints in favor of the centrist positions that Bayh favored .
It is , however , quite normal to lack competition in a two - party system .
There is a lack of competition in many areas of American politics , but this is normal .
Special - interest politics is nothing unusual either .
Narrow special - interest groups are easier to organize than large groups , especially if large groups are geographically dispersed and diverse .
[ 2 ]
Consequently , special interests wield seemingly disproportionate influence over policy issues .
Special - interest influence is not a sign that politics is broken .
On the contrary , highly active and influential special interests are a perfectly normal part of democracy .
Some people believe that special interests have assumed a greater role in politics in recent years .
This may be true .
Last year special interests spent a record $ 3.5 billion on lobbying .
This sounds like a lot of money , but it is actually quite small compared to all that can be gained or lost in competing for political influence , given the large role that government plays in the American economy .
Bayh may be right that it used to be easier to serve the public " in the old days . "
This reference to the old days may refer to his father 's career as a senator , which began in the 1950s .
The federal government was much smaller back then .
Hence , there was less at stake for special interests , less reason for them to lobby .
Given the expansion of government since then and recent proposals for further expansion , we should expect competition between special interests to intensify .
The system is not broken ; this is how large democratic regulatory - welfare states are supposed to work .
There have been renewed calls for campaign - finance reform , especially since the Supreme Court ruled in favor of political speech by representatives of private corporations .
[ 3 ]
Of course , corporate influence over pubic policy can impose costs on others .
However , the proposed alternative of publically financed elections could be worse .
It is very obvious that incumbent politicians would use public financing to their own advantage .
Public financing could seriously limit political competition .
As previously noted , the lack of competition ( due in this case to proposed public financing of elections ) would give senators and other elected officials greater latitude to implement politics in accord with their own personal ideologies , causing a dilemma in American politics .
The idea that both interest–group - driven and ideologically driven politics are defective poses a dilemma to those who favor a large role for government in the economy .
Those who want greater governmental control over industry see the ineffective nature of the democratic process .
Friedrich Hayek explained the incompatibility of democracy and government planning in his book The Road to Serfdom .
When democratic assemblies assume responsibility for " running the economy , " these institutions are overwhelmed by the task of trying to agree on how industry ought to be run .
The lack of any objective criteria ( i.e. , profit and loss figures ) in the politics of evaluating different plans for the economy leads to endless debate and paralysis over policy .
Legislatures become " ineffective talking shops " and " dissatisfaction with democratic institutions " follows .
Ultimately , people lose confidence in democracy and defer to " experts " in public bureaucracies .
The act of transferring power from elected legislators to bureaucrats does not , however , bode well for democracy .
Increasing bureaucratization impairs economic efficiency and ultimately destroys political freedom .
Recent experience has borne out the first part of Hayek 's predictions .
This is not simply a matter of the current Congress being unpopular .
People are frustrated with the democratic process itself .
We face a dilemma in that most Americans are committed to democratic governance and many Americans want elected officials to assume responsibility for matters that they cannot manage .
We cannot and should not tolerate endless political bickering over something as important as healthcare .
Yet this is how democracy works to " manage " the economy .
We certainly should not give bureaucrats power over healthcare — or any other commercial industry for that matter .
There is , however , a third option .
Strictly limited constitutional government is relatively immune to both special interests and ideologues .
Constitutional government limited to providing internal and external security can be evaluated by objective criteria . [ 4 ]
A return to limited government would , of course , mean much greater reliance on private enterprise and unhampered markets .
The record of private institutions is , when carefully examined , strong . [ 5 ]
American politics is not broken : it is working in the dysfunctional way that it should be working , given its unwieldy size and scope .
What may be breaking are naïve idealistic beliefs that politicians can use a large and intrusive government to serve " the people . "
And the demise of such beliefs would be a good thing .
The idea of public - spirited politicians acting through large and unlimited government is utopian .
Fortunately , few Americans have resorted to the belief that experts can " run the economy " as bureaucrats .
Both democracy and bureaucracy have poor track records historically , and neither system works well in theory .
On the contrary , free enterprise and limited government have a proven track record and sound theoretical underpinnings .
The basic lesson here is that politics cannot be fixed ; we therefore need to avoid it to the greatest extent possible .
[ bio ]
See [ AuthorName ] 's [ AuthorArchive ] .
Comment on the blog .
You can subscribe to future articles by [ AuthorName ] via this [ RSSfeed ] .
Mr Slow and David Campbell .
But although Mr Slow is feeling much of the public 's wrath , it 's not the only reminder this week of what is wrong with the government of NSW .
On Sunday , Kristina Keneally ’s administration made two announcements - firstly , that it wants to lengthen the incarceration of the state ’s worst 750 offenders , and secondly that it will spend $ 1.2 billion on Tcard mark II .
The first might have been a sugarplum to the Police Association in an election year - it wanted Motekiai Taufahema , a cop killer , kept behind bars - but it was also law - and - order tub - thumping in the finest traditions of Bob Carr .
The second was another kind of deja vu .
Ten years ago , Cubic Transportation Systems , a kind of corporate pirate , sued the state of NSW after its bid for the original Tcard contract was rejected .
But this exposed its campaign of corporate espionage and , in the words of the Supreme Court , its " ethical flexibility " , when documents surfaced showing it had obtained confidential tender information from a government mole .
On Sunday , the company was awarded not the original $ 367 million contract it had fought so hard for , but a second version which is almost four times the size .
And to complete the picture , to remind everyone of the way the NSW government goes about its business , there was a mate in the picture too .
Michael Egan , a one - time treasurer more fond of paying down debt than investing in services such as Tcard , accompanied Cubic 's president , Steve Shewmaker , to a secret meeting with David Campbell five months after the latest market process was afoot .
A few weeks ago , Coalition backbenchers were handing around picture cards of the beloved Mr Men character .
All of a sudden , the moustachioed Mr Slow , had taken on a new likeness : David Campbell .
All this , while the government is staring down the barrel of an embarrassing $ 200 million counter - suit by its last Tcard suitor , ERG .
Then , on Monday , while The Sydney Morning Herald ’s front - page stormed about the revelations , Campbell was at the helm of two other pieces of controversial news .
The first was his announcement that the Sydney Ferries Corporation , which had been found by a government inquiry as being so inept it did n’t even know the number of services it was cancelling each day , was to be paid $ 620 million to keep the harbour ’s ferries running ahead of competing bids .
This was about $ 40 million more than the private sector needed to run not just the same services , it emerged , but better services - Sydney Ferries Corporation had been given a quality score of 56 out of 100 , lower than that of both other bids .
Then yesterday another horrific smash on the F3 - still the only arterial northbound escape from the metropolis - brought the northbound stretch of the six - lane beast to a snarling halt .
But unlike the previous two , or three , or even four - hour waits by frustrated motorists trapped in their cars , this one took the prize .
Reports this morning say motorists were stuck without escape for 12 hours - that is half a day - because the Government ’s $ 28 million , two - year - old emergency diversion system failed .
It is little wonder the hapless minister , who was left flapping in the breeze with the cancellation of the multibillion - dollar CBD Metro , an infrastructure fiasco of unequalled proportions , has won himself the new moniker from the Mr Men series of children 's cartoon books .
A few weeks ago , Coalition backbenchers were handing around picture cards of the beloved Mr Men character .
All of a sudden , the moustachioed Mr Slow , had taken on a new likeness : David Campbell .
Loading
Years after being kicked out of his job , Carl Scully told the press what it was really like being transport minister : " God , I was glad to get out of transport ... going to work , I just had to drag myself by the collar . "
This week , Campbell could n't feel much different .
" It will be an evening event and there is a blueprint from the Tall Ships and other events that shows this can be done with minimal disruption to traffic and the working of the city .
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
| ||
( Dagbladet ) : 6 . november 2006 våknet Liv Oddhild Lyng ( 48 ) fra bedøvelsen etter en gastroskopiundersøkelse på Nordfjord sjukehus med sterke smerter , 100 prosent arbeidsufør .
Nytt avslagI november i fjor skrev Dagbladet at Norsk pasientskadeerstatning ( NPE ) mener Lyng ikke har krav på erstatning etter pasientskadeloven .
Lyng anket vedtaket til Pasientskadenemnda som , etter ny vurdering , er kommet til samme konklusjon .
- Det er fortvilende .
Jeg føler at NPE og nemnda er for leger og mot pasientene .
Nå går jeg rettens vei med saken .
Dette gir jeg meg ikke på , sier Liv Lyng .
Hun ble skadd i nakken og bakhodet i en bilulykke i 1990 .
Etter mange år med plager , gjennomgikk hun i 2001 en såkalt avstivingsoperasjon hos den omstridte legen Abbas Montazem i Tyskland .
Montazem laget en metallkonstruksjon som ble satt inn mellom nakke og hode .
Ble holdt nedeNakkeoperasjonen var vellykket og Lyng klarte , etter flere år som ufør , endelig å gå på jobb igjen , i halv stilling .
Inntil hun 6 . november 2006 skulle foreta en gastroskopiundersøkelse på Nordfjord sjukehus på grunn av indikasjon på jernmangel .
- Jeg prøvde å levere både røntgenbilder fra nakkeoperasjonen og papirene mine før undersøkelsen , men de hadde ikke tid til å se på det , sier Liv Lyng til Dagbladet .
Ved gastroskopi blir et instrument ført forbi svelget og ned i magen .
NAKKEOPERERT : Liv Lyng ble skadd i en bilulykke i 1990 .
I 2001 ble hun operert i Tyskland .
Foto : Privat Vis mer
- To sykepleiere holdt meg fast .
Etter hvert ble jeg dopet ned og var borte vekk i halvannen times tid .
Legen kom til meg etterpå og unnskyldte seg for at man ikke skulle ha gjennomført undersøkelsen .
Han sa han ikke var klar over det jeg hadde i nakken , sier Liv Lyng .
I erklæringen fra overlegen på Nordfjord sykehus framgår det at vikaroverlegen som utførte gastroskopien ikke kan huske « korvidt han las eller ikkje las hennar medbragte dokumentasjon på førehand » .
Han kan heller ikke huske « om han skal ha unnskyldt seg i ettertid » .
Pasientskademenda bemerker i sitt vedtak at « det mest sannsynlig ikke foreligger årsakssammenheng » mellom gastroskopiforsøkene og Lyngs økte nakkesmerter .
Nemnda påpeker videre at « det uansett ikke synes å foreligge svikt ved ytelsen av helsehjelp » .
- Fortjener å måtte forklare seg under ed- Pasientene må være forsiktige .
De bør ha med seg pårørende som vitner , så lenge legene bare kan skrive at de ikke husker hva som er skjedd , sier Liv Lyng .
Overlege Jan Roar Orlin på ortopedisk avdeling ved Sentralsykehuset i Førde har engasjert seg i saken på vegne av Lyng .
- Jeg er rystet over denne saken og har prøvd å få kollegene mine ved Nordfjord sjukehus til å skrive en forklaring til pasientens fordel , men det har ikke resultert i den fulle åpenhet , uttalte Orlin til Dagbladet i november i fjor .
Han mener Lyng har et åpenbart erstatningskrav .
- Liv Lyng betalte 800.000 kroner av egen lomme for nakkeoperasjon i Tyskland .
Det er godt kjent at Montazems metodikk er omstridt , men hun ble godt hjulpet av operasjonen .
Hun var frisk før undersøkelsen og ufør etter .
Det gir et forklaringsproblem .
Bare den som var der , vet hva som skjedde .
AVSTIVINGSOPERASJON : Liv Lyng har en metallkonstruksjon operert inn i nakken .
Foto : Privat Vis mer
Orlin skjønner godt at Lyng vil prøve vedtaket i Pasientskadenemnda rettslig .
- De involverte fortjener å måtte forklare seg under ed .
Legen som utførte undersøkelsen og som trolig husker best hva som skjedde , har ikke uttalt seg om saken i ettertid .
Dette er ytterst merkelig saksbehandling fra Nordfjord sjukehus , sier Jan Roar Orlin .
Helse Førde uttalte til Dagbladet i november i fjor at de forholder seg til NPE og ikke ønsker å kommentere saken .
Real Estate Trickery Backfires How Berlin Got the Upper Hand on Goldman Sachs
The head of the German branch of Goldman Sachs thought he had come up with a clever way to get the better of the city of Berlin in a multi-million - euro deal .
But the executive fell into his own trap .
Wolfgang Reuter und Andreas Wassermann Von
IBM says that they are within their rights to protect their investment in mainframe technology and have not broken their 2005 pledge .
IBM had sent a letter to TurboHercules SAS listing patents that believed the open source mainframe emulator could possibly infringe .
IBM say they were not claiming the patents were infringed but that the letter was an illustration of the company 's patent portfolio related to mainframe technology .
Florian Meuller , founder of NoSoftwarePatents , discovered that two of the one hundred patents listed was included in a 2005 patent pledge by IBM and had questioned the sincerity of that pledge .
In an addendum to a response given to eWeek , IBM said that it stood by its 2005 pledge but added
In 2005 , when IBM announced open access to 500 patents that we own , we said the pledge is applicable to qualified open - source individuals or companies .
We have serious questions about whether TurboHercules qualifies .
TurboHercules is a member of organizations founded and funded by IBM competitors such as Microsoft to attack the mainframe .
We have doubts about TurboHercules ' motivations .
The Hercules project is licensed under the QPL , an OSI listed open source licence .
The original pledge says that the promise to not assert the patents applies to Open Source Software , defining it as " any computer software program whose source code is published and available for inspection and use by anyone , and is made available under a license agreement that permits recipients to copy , modify and distribute the program ’s source code without payment of fees or royalties " .
IBM further qualifies the pledge saying " All licenses certified by opensource.org and listed on their website as of 01/11/2005 are Open Source Software licenses for the purpose of this pledge " .
IBM 's new statement appears to add the term " qualified " to " open source " and that they believe that the pledge is limited to companies who do not commercially compete with IBM .
IBM may be using a further clause from the original pledge which says that they reserve the right to terminate the pledge if any company " files a lawsuit asserting patents or other intellectual property rights against open source software " .
TurboHercules filed an antitrust complaint with the European Commission last month , and IBM may be considering that as a move that qualifies for revocation of the pledge in this case .
( djwm )
WASHINGTON–Officials at the failed banking operations of Washington Mutual Inc. securitized substantial volumes of risky , fraudulent loans in the run-up to the financial meltdown despite repeated internal warning signs , according to a Senate probe .
The Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations found that problems lending at the Seattle thrift grew so chronic and severe that one mortgage insurer warned it would stop writing coverage for loans generated by one of Washington Mutual 's highest - volume offices in California ....
( The Bankster Report is not on facebook or any other social network site .
If you came here through a page claiming to be the Bankster Report on any of these sites , you 're at the right place , but you got here from some kind of imposter .
We do n't much care , we 're glad your here .
We very much appreciate your links to this page through your own facebook / myspace pages , but any page claiming to be us is not true .
We are linked on the Prison Planet forum , but are absolutely not on any social networks . )
What 's a Bankster , and why should we watch them ?
The Bankster Report is not against banking -- the Bankster Report -- like most good people -- is against fraud .
Banksters are different from your common bankers , because banksters , like gangsters , will do just about anything to get their way .
And the primary tool of these banksters is , of course , the primary unit of fraud : fiat money .
The powerful role of banks , and especially fiat - money - selling central banks , in history is well documented , but at nearly every turn , it is marked by fraud .
Today is no different : in fact , due to the actual ability to integrate globally all nations and people , these modern days might be the most severe circumstances yet .
Because of this , the Bankster Report is dedicated to presenting information on the domestic and international banking systems , especially through inspection of the central banks and the " central bank hub , " the Bank for International Settlements in Basel , Switzerland .
( If you 've never heard of the BIS , well , you 've come to the right place !
Check out the " Introduction to the BIS " article , you 'll never look at the G20 the same way again .
Or the Federal Reserve .
Or the euro .
Or gold .
Or deriviatives .
Or any number of other things financial . )
Please contribute information via email to the Bankster Report on anything you come across that needs investigating .
Thank you !
About CourtListener
CourtListener is a free legal research website containing millions of legal opinions from federal and state courts .
With CourtListener , lawyers , journalists , academics , and the public can research an important case , stay up to date with new opinions as they are filed , or do deep analysis using our raw data .
Hi , I ’m Mark Nottingham .
I currently co-chair the IETF HTTP and QUIC Working Groups , and am a member of the Internet Architecture Board .
I usually write here about the Web , protocol design , HTTP , and caching .
Find out more .
RFC5785 : Well - Known URIs
One of the nagging theoretical problems in the Web architecture has been finding so - called “ site - wide metadata ” ; i.e. , finding something out about a Web site before you access it .
We wrestled with this in P3P way back when , and the TAG took it up after that .
The easy solution to this is to define a static “ well - known ” URL — like / robots .
txt .
However , having a third party come along and squat on part of every Web site ’s URL namespace is less than friendly , and eventually it ’ll lead to conflicts .
So , in a less - than - ideal but practical solution , RFC5785 now defines a sandbox for these well - known URIs — /. well - known / , and provides a registry for them to assure that they wo n’t conflict .
Submissions and discussion happen on the mailing list .
Thanks to my co-author Eran for his help ( and occasional kicks ! ) , as well as all of those who provided input and reviews .
I ’m hoping to get a Web interface up soon to help make submissions to the registry a bit easier .
Our network has an ePO server pushing current DATs , SPs , for VirusScan Enterprise 8.7i SP3 .
Windows WSUS server pushing current Windows updates .
Large numbers of machine suddenly began rebooting with DCOM server process launcher errors .
McAfee detects svchost.exe as infected with Wecorl .a
This virus / trojan is fairly old and should have been caught , unless some new exploit is able to drop it without McAfee Virus reacting to it .
Anyone else seeing this ?
Gabor Vona , Jobbik 's 31 - year old leader , has vowed to be sworn in as an MP wearing the banned uniform .
" I will keep my promise to go into parliament on the first day in a Garda vest , " he said .
“ To gaze , walk , or lie in a wildflower meadow is to be at one with the natural world in the most intimate of ways .
You are accepted .
You are part of the palette of the life bustle , and the experience is at once uplifting and humbling , ” he said .
The anxiety du jour is " food security " .
There are a number of reasons to be fearful about our food chain .
The main one is that it is highly dependent on oil , from field ( farming 's extensive use of tractors , etc ) to fork ( transporting food round the globe ) .
Restrictions on oil would mean restrictions on food .
We import 40 % of our grub , and our diet is narrowing : 80 % of our calories come from just four tubers and eight cereals .
You can panic – or you can dig for sustainable victory .
One in three people in the UK grows fruit and veg , and around 100,000 want allotments , but can't get them ; some London waiting lists are 20 - 30 years .
You can apply for an allotment out of the city , but driving miles to check your radishes could be worse than driving to the supermarket .
The government is assessing a landbank scheme giving those who want to grow their own access to under-used and uncared - for land .
If that sounds like your garden , put your spade to work before requisition becomes necessary .
Until then , landshare – agreeing access to land owned by somebody else .
The River Cottage - branded version is at landshare.channel4.com .
If your estate is best described as a window box or balcony , you probably need to specialise in rocket , sprouting broccoli or similar .
Groboxgardens .co.uk is veg - growing by numbers , and is a good place to start .
Just because you are n't horticulturally gifted does n't mean you should be reliant on vittles requiring a tin opener as depicted in Cormac McCarthy 's apocalyptic novel The Road .
Fox just agreed to show the initially rejected Lane Bryant lingerie ad , but ABC is reportedly holding out .
Why ?
Lane Bryant says it 's because they 're afraid of breasts — on a bigger woman , that is .
But the networks dispute that .
The New York Post picked up on the story today with their typical flair — " ABC is issuing a ' fat ' - wa against full - figured models " — and got an unnamed Lane Bryant source to discuss the details :
" The cleavage of the plus - size models , they said , was excessive , and we do n't think that 's the case , " said the source .
" It certainly appears to be discrimination against full - sized women . "
Advertisement
According to the same source , Fox had asked Lane Bryant to tone down the ad by cutting down on shots of the model 's body .
But a spokesman for Fox told The Post that " We did n't treat them any differently than Victoria 's Secret . "
A version of the ad will air on next Wednesday 's American Idol .
Advertisement
ABC has issued a statement saying of Lane Bryant ,
Their statements are not true .
The ad was accepted .
Lane Bryant was treated absolutely no differently than any advertiser for the same product .
We were willing to accommodate them , but they chose to seek publicity instead . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
If Lane Bryant 's account of events is accurate , it would confirm suspicions that this is about the belief that larger women are somehow hypersexual , even as their bodies are less valued in pop cultural imagery .
A woman bigger than a size 0 admiring her own body and apparently going off to do something hot with it ?
Now that 's a scandal .
And if indeed this is a giant publicity stunt , well — it 's cynical , but well - played , Lane Bryant .
And nice ad .
Update : Lane Bryant has released their correspondence with ABC , showing that they indeed were banned from Dancing With The Stars .
( Click to enlarge ) :
Advertisement
' Narrow ' - Minded ABC Refuses To Air Ad With Buxom babe , Clothing Line Claims [ NYP ]
Lane Bryant Nets Fox Exposure [ Adweek ]
Advertisement
Plus - Size Lingerie Ad Removed From Web After Censorship By Networks
A New York investor named John A. Paulson is at the heart of the fraud lawsuit filed today by the Securities and Exchange Commission against Goldman Sachs .
Paulson ’s hedge fund company allegedly paid Goldman Sachs to structure a financial investment product that allowed Paulson & Co. to choose which mortgage securities to invest in , based on a belief that they would lose value or default , and then take short positions against them .
Thus , when the subprime mortgages actually lost value , Paulson & Co. earned a profit of about $ 1 billion .
John Paulson , the president of the company , is not charged in the complaint with any wrongdoing in the case .
His only financial transactions , however , have not taken place on Wall Street .
In 2005 , 2007 and 2008 , his firm spent between $ 30,000 and $ 90,000 each year on federal lobbying .
Furthermore , along with his wife , Jenny , Paulson has contributed more than $ 213,000 to federal candidates , parties and committees during the past decade , according to a Center for Responsive Politics review of campaign finance reports filed with the Federal Election Commission .
Of that amount , about 60 percent has gone to Republicans and about 40 percent has gone to Democrats .
Here is a chart that displays the recipients of their giving , along with the total amounts given and when the contributions occurred .
Recipient Total Cycle Republican National Committee $ 57,000 2008 Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee $ 55,400 2008 , 2010 National Republican Senatorial Committee $ 27,250 2008 John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) $ 9,200 2008 Leadership PAC of Eric Cantor ( R - Va . ) $ 5,000 2010 Republican Party of Colorado $ 4,874 2008 Republican Party of Minnesota $ 4,874 2008 Republican Party of New Mexico $ 4,874 2008 Republican Party of Wisconsin $ 4,874 2008 Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) $ 4,800 2010 Frank Lautenberg ( D - N.J. ) $ 4,600 2008 Arlen Specter ( D - Pa . ) $ 4,600 2008 Carl Levin ( D - Mich . ) $ 4,600 2008 Max Baucus ( D - Mont . ) $ 4,600 2008 Dick Durbin ( D - Ill . ) $ 4,600 2008 Rudolph Giuliani $ 2,300 2008 Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) $ 2,300 2010 Mitt Romney $ 2,300 2008 Joseph Edward Driscoll ( D - Pa. ) $ 2,000 2004 Managed Funds Association PAC $ 1,000 2008 Virginia Foxx ( R - N.C. ) $ 1,000 2008 Rick Lazio ( R - N.Y . ) $ 1,000 2000 Total $ 213,046
CRP Senior Researcher Douglas Weber contributed to this report .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
Can anyone check to see if Hell is still hot ?
Newsmax reports , “ No. 1 cable news host Bill O’Reilly said Tuesday that he will personally write a check to cover $ 16,500 in legal costs for the father of a fallen U.S. Marine who sued the members of a church who picketed his son ’s funeral . ”
“ On Friday , Court of Appeals for the Fourth Circuit ordered Snyder to pay $ 16,510 to Fred Phelps , leader of the Westboro Baptist Church , despite the fact that the Supreme Court has agreed to hear the case as to whether the protesters are entitled to free speech at the funeral , ” the Associated Press reported .
“ Phelps conducted protests at Marine Lance Cpl. Matthew Snyder ’s funeral in 2006 . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The two - page decision supplied by attorneys for Albert Snyder of York , Pa. , offered no details on how the court came to its decision .
Attorneys also said Snyder is struggling to come up with fees associated with filing a brief with the U.S. Supreme Court .
The decision adds “ insult to injury , ” said Sean Summers , one of Snyder ’s lawyers .
Tuesday night , O’Reilly declared on his Fox News Channel show , “ That is an outrage .
I will pay Mr. Snyder ’s obligation .
I am not going to let this injustice stand . ”
O’Reilly added , according to Newsmax , “ It ’s obvious they were disturbing the peace by disrupting the funeral .
They should have been arrested , but our system is so screwed up , so screwed up , that loons are allowed to run wild .
Snyder is fighting the good fight , and he is taking his case to the Supreme Court as he should .
We are behind him 100 percent . ”
A Democratic Underground thread concerning O’Reilly ’s gesture is full of almost nothing but praise , unlike most discussions on the controversial Fox host that can normally be found there .
“ I still hate the guy but gotta give credit when it ’s due , ” a DU reader named “ no limit ” writes .
ADVERTISEMENT
Buff2 writes , “ I am shocked .
O’Reilly doing something good for a change ?
I do agree with him that it ’s an outrage what they are doing to that marine ’s family .
It was n’t enough that they lost their son and had to endure insults during his funeral and then expect the father to pay for those evil bastards legal fees ?
That is the most despicable thing I have ever heard .
Unbelievable . ”
47of74 is n’t completely forgiving , rhetorically asking , “ What does Bill - O want for this , a medal ? ”
He did good here picking up the tab for the Marine ’s family .
However , in my book Bill - O is still a cheap , lying , no - good , rotten , four - flushing , low - life , snake - licking , dirt - eating , inbred , overstuffed , ignorant , blood - sucking , dog - kissing , brainless , dickless , hopeless , heartless , fat - ass , bug - eyed , stiff - legged , spotty - lipped , worm - headed sack of bullshit !
Hallelujah !
Holy shit !
Where ’s the Tylenol ?
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Oh noes , Billo ’s compassion is showing … , ” Paulie mocks .
“ Next thing you know he ’ll be moving to MSNBC … ”
A shocked Zoeisright wrote , “ What ?
What ?
What ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Is this opposite world ? ” Zoeisright continued .
“ The cognitive dissonance is just about blowing my brain wide open .
Good for him .
That ’s the first time I have EVER said that about that man . ”
Tomorrow , most likely , Democratic Underground will return to its normally scheduled “ O’ Reilly sucks ” programming .
Note : this data is not seasonally adjusted .
There is a very distinct seasonal pattern for imports , but not for exports .
LA area ports handle about 40 % of the nation 's container port traffic .
Sometimes port traffic gives us an early hint of changes in the trade deficit .
The following graph shows the loaded inbound and outbound traffic at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach in TEUs ( TEUs : 20 - foot equivalent units or 20 - foot - long cargo container ) .
Although containers tell us nothing about value , container traffic does give us an idea of the volume of goods being exported and imported .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
Loaded inbound traffic was up 33.8 % compared to February 2009 .
( up 9.5 % compared to last year using three month average ) .
Of course trade collapsed in February 2009 , so this is a very easy comparison .
Inbound traffic was still down 18.3 % vs. two years ago ( Feb 2008 ) .
Loaded outbound traffic was up 32.7 % from February 2009 .
( +33.5 % using three months average )
This was also an easy YoY comparison for exports , because U.S. exports fell off a cliff in near the end of 2008 .
Just as with imports , exports are still off from 2 years ago ( off 10.0 % ) .
And more from Ronald White at the LA Times : Trade numbers climb sharply at Southland ports
Trade numbers at the ports of Los Angeles and Long Beach , the nation 's busiest seaport complex , rose sharply in February compared with the same month last year , lending strength to the arguments of some experts who believe that a stronger - than - anticipated recovery may be underway .
...
" Our feeling is that consumers are coming back .
They are spending a bit more of their money .
They are less concerned about losing their jobs than they have been in the last three months , " said Ben Hackett , founder of Hackett Associates , which tracks international trade at the nation 's busiest seaports for the National Retail Federation .
Hackett said his firm had scaled back its expectations for trade growth in 2010 , " but we think we 'll be seeing a relatively strong year at a 10 % to 14 % increase .
We should see steady improvement , minus the usual seasonal adjustments . "
The LA Times article is using the YoY numbers .
However looking at the graph ( red line ) , exports recovered in the first half of 2009 , but export traffic has been mostly flat since last summer .
The YoY increase for March will be much less than for February !
It is harder to tell about imports ( blue line ) because of the large seasonal swings .
Posted : 03:14 PM ET
From our content partner Mashable :
UK drivers had better stay under that speed limit , because the traffic authorities are watching … from outer space .
According to The Telegraph , an American company called PIPS Technology has developed a system that uses two cameras on the ground and one mounted on a satellite in orbit to catch speeders .
The system - called “ SpeedSpike ” - figures your average speed between two points , captures an image of your license plate and reports you if you ’re going faster than the law allows .
Oh , and if you ’re hoping Great Britain ’s notoriously gray weather will save you , you ’re out of luck ; the system works even when it ’s cloudy or dark .
SpeedSpike will be tested in two places : the London borough of Southwark , and along the A374 between Torpoint and Anthony in Cornwall .
If the trial is successful , the tech may be used to enforce speed limits near schools , to reduce the need for speed bumps , and for “ main road enforcement for traffic reduction . ”
Posted by : Mashable , Samuel Axon
Filed under : Space
Russian investigators said today the black box retrieved from Saturday 's devastating plane crash that killed Poland 's president , Lech Kaczynski , did not provide any evidence that the pilots had been pressured to land .
Officials said transcripts of conversations from inside the cockpit rebutted widespread theories that the Polish delegation had insisted the pilot land , despite heavy fog at Smolensk airport .
" There is no confirmation that any of the high - ranking passengers ordered the pilots to land near Smolensk .
The flight recorder , whose tapes are being deciphered , did not register any pressure on crew members , " a source close to the commission investigating the crash told the Russian news agency Interfax .
This week Poland 's former prime minister Leszek Miller told the Guardian he thought Kaczynski may have personally contributed to the accident by insisting the pilots land in Smolensk in western Russia .
Air traffic control on the ground had told the delegation to divert the plane to either Moscow or Minsk because of low visibility .
Kaczynski had been determined to reach Smolensk to attend a memorial service on the 70th anniversary of the Katyn massacre , Miller said .
" The president so wanted to be there .
The pilot knew this and so they accepted the risk and in the process lost everything , " the former social democratic prime minister said on Sunday .
Russian investigators said the most compelling explanation for the crash remained pilot error .
They said the crew knew Smolensk 's military Severny airfield was not equipped with a modern landing navigation system , unlike international airports .
" The Polish side was properly informed about this well in advance , " the source said .
Initial Russian reports had said that president 's Tupulov plane attempted to land three times - and that on its fourth attempt it clipped a copse of trees between 500 to 700 metres short of the runway , and immediately broke up .
Today , however , they confirmed there had been only one - disastrous - attempt to land .
There were no survivors .
Russian TV showed pictures of the upended wing and smouldering fuselage .
Small fires burned in woods shrouded in fog .
Russia said it had formally handed over the black boxes to Poland .
It also returned personal belongings and documents belonging to President Kaczynski , which were retrieved from the crash site .
The catastrophe also killed the president 's wife , Maria , and dozens of top officials from Poland 's military and clergy , as well as historians , Solidarity activists , and senior government servants .
Forensic investigators have so far identified 70 of the 96 victims .
The bodies of the Polish president and his wife are lying in state at the presidential palace in Warsaw .
A state funeral will be held in Krakow on Sunday , with the US president , Barack Obama , and his Russian counterpart , Dmitry Medvedev , among the attendees .
• This article was updated on 16 April 2010 .
The original referred to earlier Russian reports that the Polish plane tried to land three times before its fourth and final attempt .
This information has been updated to include a new Russian report on 15 April stating that there had been a single attempt .
As self - revealing evidence , for starters , look no further than Goldman CEO Lloyd Blankfein 's now infamous remark in a November 2009 interview that his firm , while much maligned by its critics as the root of all evil in finance today , was really doing " God 's work . "
Now , it is also true that the Vatican , unlike the oh - so - venerable investment bank , has not been accused of fraud by the SEC for its malfeasances and malpractices .
But after years , even decades , of categorical denials about any wrongdoings inside its holy organization , it is crystal clear that all of those denials were to no avail — and actually made matters much worse .
Not only has the Catholic Church had to contend with plenty of lawsuits — and subsequent negative judgments and payouts — but , as a result of it all , the entire organization is now listless and adrift , even shocked .
From the perspective of Goldman 's crisis managers , the recent path of the Catholic Church is probably the most nightmarish thing to think about — assuming their imagination and sense of seriousness reaches this far .
Look at the long list of parallels : None , of course , is more powerful — and disastrous — than Goldman 's and the Vatican 's unceasing belief in the doctrine of infallibility .
The rot , one says , starts at the top — and in the age of democracy and participatory learning , no organization can successfully hold onto the belief that , as far as dealings with the outside world are concerned , its staff members are really incorrigible .
I am not suggesting that there is n't plenty of rigorous debate about the organizations ’ direction and business ( or spiritual ) practices — but it occurs strictly in the inner sanctum .
The instrument of doubt plays a role in both organizational learning cultures .
However , it is viewed solely as a method of rigorous inquisition to come to a decision internally , which — once made — is upheld externally with a united front .
One for all , all for one .
With regard to interactions with the outside , such a frame of mind can quickly result in presenting a fiercely clannish , if not secretive , front .
That unquestioned commitment to the cause , 24x7x365 , surely breeds a strong internal culture , but it also makes the organization as a whole ripe for systemic denial .
In short , wrongdoing simply cannot occur because we are perfect , are n't we ?
What Goldman , in preparing its legal defenses , must realize is that the Vatican , too , had tried to hush things up .
It simply could not happen here , it argued .
But the harder and longer it tried , the more pushback there was among the victims .
It is simply inconceivable that a firm with the breadth and depth of Goldman 's dealings in the markets did not leave behind a lot of broken china .
And it is equally inconceivable that the front of infallibility so ardently maintained by Mr. Blankfein in his public pronouncements ( " If we had failed , we would be the first to admit it … " ) does not make the firm an even riper target .
In one sense , though , Mr. Blankfein was right , sort of : Goldman may not be doing " God 's work . "
But as the top operator in the hyper - complex world of finance , it is certainly in the " God business " — which , by any measure , is a very complex operation involving many disciplines , from the cultural to the spiritual to the social and financial .
The second applicable lesson for Goldman which the Vatican 's troubles foreshadow is this :
While child molestation and sexual abuse are definitely qualitatively different charges than manipulating financial markets , the ultimate fallout of denial on one 's reputation , financial well - being and inner morale may well be the same .
It all starts with the inner logic of the real temptation — " overlooking " the respective crime in question .
Regarding the internal culture of the two organizations , there are stunning parallels .
Both cultures are rooted in an intense sense of loyalty to the " company . "
Both firms ' staff members have a strong sense of mission , even though one is very much focused on the immaterial , while the other is very material - minded .
Selection into the ranks of upper management is generally very much merit - based , although it happens in a manner that is totally non-transparent to outsiders .
As a result , the selectees ' devotion to the organization 's cause is unparalleled compared to their peers in the respective " industries . "
For all those qualities , high potential and performance , the evidence seems overwhelming that both Goldman and the Vatican , inside their high walls , suffer from a serious organizational birth defect , which is at the root of their respective troubles today .
The archaic , anti-modern and perhaps anti-human vow of celibacy for the Vatican finds its equivalent in the out - of - this - world God - like self - perception of many senior Goldman staffers .
They clearly feel as anointed — and selected — inside the financial world of today as were the prominent clergy in the Middle Ages and into the early modern era .
Appointment to " the firm " came — and comes ( in Goldman 's case ) — with immense social status and access to immense economic wealth .
True , in the case of the Catholic Church 's senior leaders , that wealth was , in effect , " rented " and temporary — and definitely not transferable to one 's heirs ( hence the requirement for celibacy ! ) .
But one could live on the Church 's " dime " in a splendor that would make even many a modern hedge fund manager go pale with envy .
Ultimately , it is all a function of an overbearing internal corporate culture .
If you put yourself on the pedestal this much , if you promote a sense among the staff that they are the anointed ones , such zeal is bound to come crashing down sooner or later .
In fact , once you are no longer considered untouchable , the whole litany of past transgressions will come to haunt you .
Outsiders , previously oppressed and hunted , will come out of the woodwork and contribute to taking you down for all those past sins .
The list of stunning parallels , by the way , also includes a " separated at birth " moment .
In fact , you can blame it all on Bavaria .
Bavaria ?
You heard right .
Bavaria , of course , is the region of Germany where the current Pope , Benedict XVI , hails from , where he earned his initial stripes in the church before launching on his meteoric rise in the halls of the Vatican .
Goldman Sachs , meanwhile , is the birth child of two immigrants from Germany : Bavarian Marcus Goldman and his son- in - law , Samuel Sachs .
In conclusion , in the age of democracy and reason , no culture rooted in a doctrine of infallibility will survive .
They must adapt .
In both Goldman 's and the Vatican 's case , the lawsuits are the last wake - up call .
Before a packed crowd at New York ’s Cooper Union , Barack Obama made a forceful appeal for regulation of the financial markets .
“ The American experiment has worked in large part because we guided the market ’s invisible hand with a higher principle , ” he said .
“ A free market was never meant to be a free license to take whatever you can get , however you can get it . ”
The date was March 27 , 2008 , and Obama had not yet won the Democratic primary .
He had traveled to New York , to speak near where George Washington took his oath of office , to burnish his economic credentials .
At the time , markets were beginning to decline , but nothing had collapsed .
People still believed that the system would hold together , that bad bets on mortgage values would not cause a crises that rocketed unemployment rates to 10 percent and forced taxpayers to bail out private companies with hundreds of billions of dollars .
On Thursday , he returned to the same place , with a similar message , now a president who had been struggling for more than a year with the worst economic conditions since the Great Depression .
“ It ’s really good to be back , ” he said .
The crowd , which immediately got the joke , burst into laughter .
Again , Obama made the case that well - regulated markets were not an issue of ideology , just common sense .
“ There has always been a tension between the desire to allow markets to function without interference and the absolute necessity of rules to prevent markets from falling out of kilter , ” he said .
“ But managing that tension , one that we ’ve debated since the founding of this nation , is what has allowed our country to keep up with a changing world . ”
He then quoted an article , from TIME magazine , which had been uncovered by White House speechwriting researcher Kyle O’Conner by searching through the archives on Time.com .
“ I ’m going to quote , ” said Obama .
Through the great banking houses of Manhattan last week ran wild - eyed alarm .
Big bankers stared at one another in anger and astonishment .
A bill just passed would rivet upon their institutions what they considered a monstrous system .
Such a system , they felt , would not only rob them of their pride of profession but would reduce all U.S. banking to its lowest level .
“ That appeared in Time magazine in June of 1933 , ” Obama then announced , prompting another round of laughter from the crowd .
“ The system that caused so much consternation , so much concern was the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation . ”
( The full TIME article can be read here . )
For Obama ’s aides , the Thursday speech was a return to first principles .
“ Look at what the President said at Cooper Union in 2008 , ” Press Secretary Robert Gibbs told reporters who traveled to New York on Air Force One .
I think you ’ll find a remarkable similarity in the way the President has talked about this issue . ”
The difference , of course , is the circumstance .
By all appearances , Obama appears to be marching towards a legislative victory on financial reform , with key Republicans sounding increasingly likely to support the measure in the coming weeks .
If this does come to pass , it will be a major victory for the President , not only for the bipartisan support his effort can attract , but for the extent to which it moves his presidency beyond the tangle of health care reform .
Already the White House is moving to capitalize on the new momentum , by pushing long - shot efforts to come to bipartisan compromise on energy and immigration reform .
“ I do think there ’s time to get more done , ” Gibbs said on the flight to New York .
“ We will watch gas prices rise again as we get into summer and see the desire and need again to take additional steps to reduce our dependence on foreign oil .
And as I talked about yesterday , the President made some phone calls on this plane a few days ago to try to get additional support for immigration . ”
Just two months ago , Obama ’s presidency appeared to hang in the balance .
But political prognostications never last very long .
Philosopher AC Grayling talks to Matt Stadlen about whether humans have free will and the importance of happiness , and explains the thinking of Immanuel Kant in 22 seconds .
[ Posted at 4:34 p.m . ]
They are accused of " enticing " the Camden County sheriff 's department in North Carolina to pose as the purchaser of M4 and Ak47s , then directing the deliveries to Blackwater 's facility in nearby Moyock where the firearms were stocked as part of the company 's arsenal .
Blackwater is a security firm with federal contracts involving security overseas and training programs in the United States .
The indictment alleges that Blackwater was hoping to get a security contract with the Jordanian government and " arranged to present the King of Jordan ... with several firearms as gifts . "
When the defendants could n't account for the firearms in their inventory , they allegedly falsified four separate forms to the federal Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives ( ATF ) , claiming they had personally purchased the firearms .
[ Posted at 4:17 p.m . ]
A federal grand jury has indicted former Blackwater President Gary Jackson and four other officials at the company - now known as Xe Services - on felony weapons charges .
Infographic by Column Five Media
Advancements in warfare and infantryman combat system have begun to blur the lines between war and science fiction .
The United States Future Force Warrior program , for example , is bringing the power armor exoskeleton envisioned by Robert A. Heinlein in his novel Starship Troopers into reality .
In this infographic above , Ross Crooks and Jason Lankow of Column Five Media imagined what soldier of the future would look like .
Despite high - level support for reform , educators say that wholesale change is not likely any time soon .
For one , any meaningful transformation in doctoral requirements must be adopted universally , says Richard Wheeler , interim vice chancellor for academic affairs and former dean of the graduate college at the University of Illinois , Urbana - Champaign .
Who would want to attend a program that another university — and potential employer — does n’t recognize as valid ?
“ It has n’t reached enough of a crisis point yet , ” Dr. Wheeler says .
“ It ’s very hard to get through the graduate student experience , ” he adds .
The union of graduate students at Illinois staged a brief strike in November over guarantees that their tuition would be waived .
Dr. Wheeler attributes the protest to general discontent as much as specific employment issues .
“ There ’s despair , anger , frustration , ” he says .
“ A lot of people are unhappy . ”
Dr. Wheeler , who received his English Ph.D. in 1969 , took four years to finish .
Graduate programs have since added more stringent requirements , he says , and expectations for what a degree holder is supposed to have accomplished have radically increased .
He had not published anything when he was hired ; today , applicants are expected to have a list of published research on their résumés .
The job problem has been brewing for years .
In 1989 , William G. Bowen and Julie Ann Sosa issued a widely publicized report that forecast a huge turnover in faculty and suggested the creation of a federal program to increase humanities and social sciences Ph.D.’s.
Many students — Dr. Pannapacker included — took that advice to heart .
Ph.D. production in English and American language and literature grew 61 percent between 1987 and 1995 ; history Ph.D. ’s rose by 51 percent .
By the late 1990s , though , the spanking - new degree candidates discovered just how mistaken the Bowen - Sosa report was .
The end of mandatory retirement and the increase in the use of part - time and adjunct faculty meant there were many more exceptionally qualified job seekers than jobs .
The current recession has only exacerbated the problem , with many institutions imposing hiring freezes or layoffs .
The M.L.A. , for example , reported that its total job listings dropped by a quarter in the 2008 - 2009 academic year , the largest single - year decline in the 34 years that the organization has been doing job counts .
And these numbers do n’t include postings that were subsequently canceled because of budget cuts .
At the same time , the practice of hiring off - tenure teachers is growing .
According to a new survey of humanities departments by the American Academy of Arts and Sciences , half of the faculty members in English and foreign languages — more than any other department — are not on a tenure track .
Part of the reason for the large number is that freshman composition classes , which are often required , are taught by those departments , and adjuncts .
Unlike in life science or engineering , the number of doctoral degrees awarded in the humanities — the pool of fields that generally include languages , history , philosophy , music , drama and archeology — has actually dipped in the last few years , with 4,722 recipients in 2008 ( down from 5,112 in 2007 ) , according to the National Science Foundation .
It is the Wall Street equivalent of a coroner ’s report — a 2,200 - page document that lays out , in new and startling detail , how Lehman Brothers used accounting sleight of hand to conceal the bad investments that led to its undoing .
The report , compiled by an examiner for the bank , now bankrupt , hit Wall Street with a thud late Thursday .
The 158 - year - old company , it concluded , died from multiple causes .
Among them were bad mortgage holdings and , less directly , demands by rivals like JPMorgan Chase and Citigroup , that the foundering bank post collateral against loans it desperately needed .
But the examiner , Anton R. Valukas , also for the first time , laid out what the report characterized as “ materially misleading ” accounting gimmicks that Lehman used to mask the perilous state of its finances .
The bank ’s bankruptcy , the largest in American history , shook the financial world .
Fears that other banks might topple in a cascade of failures eventually led Washington to arrange a sweeping rescue for the nation ’s financial system .
According to the report , Lehman used what amounted to financial engineering to temporarily shuffle $ 50 billion of assets off its books in the months before its collapse in September 2008 to conceal its dependence on leverage , or borrowed money .
Senior Lehman executives , as well as the bank ’s accountants at Ernst & Young , were aware of the moves , according to Mr. Valukas , the chairman of the law firm Jenner & Block and a former federal prosecutor , who filed the report in connection with Lehman ’s bankruptcy case .
Chrissy Teigen and John Legend are grieving the loss of their third child after experiencing pregnancy complications .
The author and mother of two took to social media on Thursday morning to share the heartbreaking news of their miscarriage .
" We are shocked and in the kind of deep pain you only hear about , the kind of pain we ’ve never felt before , " starts Teigen 's Instagram caption .
" We were never able to stop the bleeding and give our baby the fluids he needed , despite bags and bags of blood transfusions .
It just was n’t enough . "
The Lip Sync Battle co-host went on to write about how this pregnancy felt different , especially when it came to the naming of their soon - to - be son .
" We never decide on our babies ’ names until the last possible moment after they ’re born , just before we leave the hospital , " she continued .
" But we , for some reason , had started to call this little guy in my belly Jack .
So he will always be Jack to us .
Jack worked so hard to be a part of our little family , and he will be , forever . "
On Sunday , Teigen was admitted to the Cedars - Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles .
While sharing pregnancy updates with her fans on her Instagram Stories , she shared how she 'd been having bouts of excessive bleeding during her weeks of mandatory bed rest .
After receiving two blood transfusions , Teigen tweeted about her frightening experience with a large blood clot .
" Just had a really scary morning , almost save - worthy , " she wrote with a weary face emoji on Tuesday .
" The scramble to hear the heartbeat seemed like hours .
I never thought I ’d relief sigh so much in my liiiiife . "
Teigen and Legend accompanied the sad news of their son , Jack , with black and white photos of them holding the baby in her hospital room .
Minutes after their update , Teigen tweeted : " Driving home from the hospital with no baby .
How can this be real . "
John Legend also took to his Twitter account and simply retweeted Chrissy 's tweet with black heart emojis and the words " We love you , Jack . "
Our hearts and prayers are with Chrissy and John as they grieve the loss of their unborn son .
View this post on Instagram
We are shocked and in the kind of deep pain you only hear about , the kind of pain we ’ve never felt before .
We were never able to stop the bleeding and give our baby the fluids he needed , despite bags and bags of blood transfusions .
It just was n’t enough . . .
We never decide on our babies ’ names until the last possible moment after they ’re born , just before we leave the hospital .
But we , for some reason , had started to call this little guy in my belly Jack .
So he will always be Jack to us .
Jack worked so hard to be a part of our little family , and he will be , forever .
. .
To our Jack - I ’m so sorry that the first few moments of your life were met with so many complications , that we could n’t give you the home you needed to survive .
We will always love you .
. .
Thank you to everyone who has been sending us positive energy , thoughts and prayers .
We feel all of your love and truly appreciate you .
. .
We are so grateful for the life we have , for our wonderful babies Luna and Miles , for all the amazing things we ’ve been able to experience .
But everyday ca n’t be full of sunshine .
On this darkest of days , we will grieve , we will cry our eyes out .
But we will hug and love each other harder and get through it .
A post shared by chrissy teigen ( @chrissyteigen ) on Sep 30 , 2020 at 8:58 pm PDT
I am a very crafty person , I love to do crafts for any occasion .
I also love to do scrap booking .
One day I found out about a product that would help me to create my crafts faster and easier .
This product is called the Cricut Expressions and it cuts the papers and stickers for my crafts .
Not only is it accurate , but it is also very simple to use , and it can do a lot of cutting at one time .
All I have to do is select my image and press the button for it to begin cutting .
Now that I have my Cricut Expressions I am able to simply cut out my designs and use them for all of my scrap booking and crafting needs .
The first day that I got mine I used it to cut out a lot of different designs fro a scrap book that I was in the middle of making .
I was able to finish my entire scrap book in record speed .
This product has allowed me to create my crafts much faster , plus they are cut much better than if I had done them myself with the use of scissors .
Watch The Cricut Expressions Crafts Cutting Machine Commercial Video
Now I use my Cricut cutter for everything that I can use it for .
I am so impressed with mine that I have recommended it to all of my friends and family that also scrap book and like to do crafts .
A few of them have also purchased it and they all like to use it too .
Sometimes we get together and have scrap booking parties where we all use the Cricut Expressions to cut out our designs .
If you enjoy scrap booking , or doing arts and crafts then you will want to make sure that you get one for yourself so that you can do your projects much easier and faster .
Click Here to order Cricut Expressions from the official site to buy Cricut .
The civil war in Korea from 1950 to 1953 that the United States foolishly intervened in , and , for the first time for a major conflict , without a congressional declaration of war , is known as the Forgotten War .
The number of American soldiers killed in this senseless war is over 36,000 .
Yet , Korea remains divided at the 38th parallel to this day just like it was before the war began .
Talk about dying in vain .
None of these soldiers died in defense of the United States ; all of them died for the United Nations , for the foolish policies of Harry Truman , and for the failed diplomacy of World War II .
Most Americans have no idea that there are still over 24,000 U.S. troops stationed in South Korea ( some no doubt the grandchildren of the soldiers who fought in the Korean War ) .
Fewer still probably know anything about the war that put them there in the first place .
There is another war that , incredibly , is fast becoming a forgotten war : the war in Iraq .
I lamented last year at this time that we did n’t hear much about the war in Iraq anymore .
Even though candidate Barack Obama pledged in 2007 that the first thing he would do if elected was bring the troops home and end the war , the war was n’t an issue in the 2008 election .
And before the electoral vote was even counted , Democratic opposition to the war had evaporated .
Rethinking the Good War Laurence M. Vance Best Price : null Buy New $ 5.95 ( as of 12:45 EST - Details )
Now , on the seventh anniversary of the unconstitutional , immoral , aggressive , unjust , unnecessary , manufactured , manipulated , and senseless war that is the war in Iraq , the escalation of the war in Afghanistan has eclipsed any mention of the ongoing war in Iraq .
And this in spite of the fact that there are still 130,000 U.S. troops in Iraq .
When I wrote about the Iraq war on its third anniversary , 2,317 American soldiers had died for a lie .
On the fourth anniversary , that number had risen to 3,218 .
On the fifth , it was up to 3,992 .
Last year , on the sixth anniversary of the war , the number of dead American soldiers rose to 4,259 .
Currently , the death toll is at 4,385 , with 157 of those deaths since Obama became the new commander in chief .
But , it is said , look how the number of deaths per year has fallen .
Agreed .
But that is no consolation to the father , mother , wife , or child of the soldiers who died in vain and for a lie yesterday , last week , or last month .
Although combat deaths are decreasing in Iraq ( but certainly not in Afghanistan ) , increasing among returning soldiers are suicides , PTSD , broken families , substance abuse , unemployment , horrible memories , lingering injuries , shattered dreams , acts of violence , and criminal activity .
And of course , the war is still costing the American taxpayers billions of dollars a week .
Christianity and War a ...
Laurence M. Vance Best Price : $ 3.46 Buy New $ 5.96 ( as of 12:30 EST - Details )
But even if only one American soldier had died since last month , even if only one American soldier had died since the last anniversary of the war , even if only one American soldier had died since Obama took office , and even if only one American had died since the beginning of the war , that would still be one too many .
Only the grossly naïve still think that those fighting and dying in Iraq are doing so for our freedoms or to keep us safe from terrorism .
The truth is rather that since the war on terrorism began our freedoms have steadily deteriorated and we have created more terrorists .
War is a Racket : The A ... Butler , Smedley D. Best Price : $ 2.55 Buy New $ 7.01 ( as of 05:45 EST - Details )
Before the United States invaded Iraq , not one American had been killed by an Iraqi since the previous time we invaded that country .
But no U.S. soldier had to die in either war against Iraq .
Bringing “ democracy ” to Iraq , ridding the country of Saddam Hussein , and destroying Iraq ’s weapons of war were not worth the life of one American .
They were not worth the shedding of one drop of American blood .
But that ’s not all .
No Iraqi soldiers had to die , no Iraqi civilians had to die , and no Iraqi children had to die between the wars because of brutal U.S. sanctions .
Yet , Americans who have lamented the senseless deaths of American soldiers , not to mention the deaths of countless numbers of Iraqis , and denounced this war from the beginning are the ones who have been labeled unpatriotic , un -American , communists , and traitors .
This callous disregard for human life — American and Iraqi — is appalling , and especially among those who call themselves pro-lifers .
If you love what is left of our republic and want America to be loved instead of hated , blessed instead of cursed , admired instead of despised , and emulated instead of attacked , then you should want the United States to get out of Iraq and the Middle East — and stay out .
Oh , it might take years , even decades , to restore America to favor in the eyes of world , but we must start sometime if it ever has a chance of coming to pass .
Do I think U.S. troops will ever leave Iraq ?
I can answer that with a question : Does the United States still have troops in South Korea ?
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
Going Gaga Over Gurus
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed .
Or Subscribe to The Rat Race Trap by Email Thanks for visiting !
Or what is the Best Self Improvement System Ever ?
Answer : None of them .
All of them .
Take your pick .
To help explain that answer , bear with me for a slight diversion .
Many years ago I read about studies on the relative effectiveness of various counseling and therapy techniques and of different types of therapists – from psychiatrists to lightly trained laymen .
The results were rather surprising .
Therapy worked , but it did n’t make a whole lot of difference what degrees or credentials the therapist had or what type of therapy was used .
One explanation is that people who were motivated to get better were those very people who chose to get help from a therapist .
If you were motivated enough to seek help and do something to get better , you were likely to get better .
There are many paths to getting better and so it did n’t really matter who or what you chose .
I think this same phenomena applies to self improvement .
Over the years I ’ve read many improvement books by gurus promoting their particular methods .
The author usually describes the story of the their own life and how their method resulted in their own spectacular success .
I do n’t doubt these stories .
I ’m sure most of them are true .
I also do n’t doubt that many people who read these books and try out the guru ’s method , have varying degrees of success including no success at all .
Jack Canfield , of Chicken Soup fame , tells his story of persistence in the face of failure and implies if you do the same you will succeed .
Maybe , but I ’m sure for every Jack Canfield , there are many who tried the same thing and failed .
You just do n’t know about them because they failed ; they are not famous and you are n’t reading their unpublished books .
I attempted a humorous description of this effect in The Last Monkey Jumping .
As just one example , I ’ve tried many productivity systems .
If you follow them they work ; most of them anyway .
The problem with many of them is I did n’t stick with them because they were too complicated .
GTD is great , there is just too much to do .
I got tired of working the GTD system .
And yet following a productivity system works for me .
I now do something more simple .
If you want to know what works for self improvement , it ’s not complicated .
You want to change , you are motivated to change , you commit to change , and you actually do something to change .
What exactly you do is not as important .
That ’s my opinion anyway .
What I recommend
Keep it simple .
I consider this the most important factor of all .
Whatever you do , keep it simple and the simpler the better .
Spend less time on the system and more time on the change .
Pick a particular system .
Doing something in a structured way will keep you focused .
Choose a system that fits your personality type or that appeals to you for some other reason ; a system that is exciting or that motivates you .
This is all not to say I do n’t think some things work better than others because I do .
I recommend them on this blog .
However , the method is very secondary to the action of actually doing something to improve .
There are many paths to success and you should n’t waste time trying a bunch of different systems unless you want to be a professional self improvement student .
Do n’t go gaga over ever new thing you read or every new guru pedaling his own particular success method .
What do YOU think ?
Leave a comment and join the conversation .
Get Free Updates to The Rat Race Trap by Email here or via a reader in the top left sidebar .
I would love to have you on board .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
First , as international financial institutions and donor organizations seek to encourage stronger governance norms , aid from China has become an alternate source of funds .
Recipient governments use these as a bargaining chip to defer measures that strengthen transparency and rule of law , especially those that could challenge elite power .
Cambodia is a telling example .
The government in Phnom Penh , which has received substantial aid from the United States and other democracies , now receives comparable amounts from China .
The Cambodian authorities have used this “ assistance competition ” to their advantage .
Rather than combating corruption and implementing sorely needed reforms to the judiciary and media sector , Prime Minister Hun Sen ’s government has shrunk space for alterative voices and independent institutions .
Western donors , fearful of losing influence , have been increasingly hesitant to penalize the regime for its failures .
In October , the Guinean government announced a $ 7 billion deal with the China International Fund just as the international community was considering sanctions following a massacre of opposition supporters .
The case underscores how even investments by a private entity , this one with ties to Beijing , can be manipulated to undermine efforts to support human rights standards .
Second , while “ no strings attached ” is commonly used to describe China ’s approach in the developing world , the reality is not quite so benign .
A combination of subtle and not - so - subtle conditions typically accompanies this largesse .
Included among these is pressure to muzzle voices critical of the Chinese government , often undermining basic freedoms of expression and assembly in these countries .
The authorities in Nepal , which have recently received a 50 percent boost in aid from Beijing , have violently suppressed Tibetan demonstrations , including the arrest of thousands of exiles in 2008 .
In December of last year , Cambodia ’s government forcibly repatriated 20 Uighurs to China , where they face almost certain imprisonment and torture .
Three days later , Beijing announced a package of deals with Cambodia estimated at $ 1 billion .
Even more democratically developed countries are not immune to such pressures .
In March 2009 , the South African government barred the Dalai Lama ’s attendance at a pre-World Cup peace conference .
It is claimed that leaked documents show the US Army felt sufficiently threatened by security breaches on Wikileaks that it considered ways it might wreck the site .
A 2008 report by the Army Counterintelligence Center , classified Secret , calls for a mole hunt and prosecutions to undermine potential sources ' trust in Wikileaks .
" Wikileaks.org uses trust as a center of gravity by assuring insiders , leakers , and whistleblowers who pass information to Wikileaks.org personnel or who post information to the Web site that they will remain anonymous , " the report said .
" The identification , exposure , or termination of employment of or legal actions against current or former insiders , leakers , or whistleblowers could damage or destroy this center of gravity and deter others from using Wikileaks.org to make such information public . "
None of the site 's sources have yet been publicly exposed , however .
The site aims to guarantee their anonymity , and the counterintelligence assessment notes a " high level of sophistication in [ staff 's ] efforts to provide a secure operating environment for whistleblowers " .
The report is available in full , here ( pdf ) , at Wikileaks .
The investigation appears to have been prompted by US Army leaks in 2007 .
Documents posted to Wikileaks included embarrassing internal reports on operations in Iraq , and equipment lists for Afganistan and Iraq .
One report obtained by Wikileaks , on the 2004 US offensive on Fallujah , received particular attention from counterintelligence analysts .
" The leaked report could also provide foreign governments , terrorists , and insurgents with insight into successful asymmetric warfare tactics , techniques , and procedures that could be used when engaging US or Coalition forces , " they wrote .
Military and intelligence authorities ' interest in Wikileaks - and their apparent belief that exposing moles will undermine it - is unsurprising .
There have been several failed official attempts to take documents down through the courts .
The timing of the release of the report coincides with Wikileaks ' fundraising drive .
The full site has been offline for several months as it aims to raise $ 600,000 in donations .
In a section on unanswered questions about Wikileaks , the Army Counterintelligence Center asks : " Will foreign organizations such as FISS , foreign military services , foreign insurgents , or terrorist groups provide funding or material support to Wikileaks.org ? " ®
This post is a “ supplement ” to “ How to Become a Loving Presence in the World , ” because it speaks to developing the kind of presence that is a sensitivity , a deep mindfulness , of what ’s going on .
( This mindful sensitivity is the very opposite of the “ sensitivity ” that is reactive , fearful , and self - defensive ! )
If we aspire to bring a sensitive yet resilient heart to the world , we can greatly help ourselves if we practice developing sensitivity in our formal sitting or walking meditation .
This article by Thanissaro Bhikkhu gives skillful instruction on how to develop this powerful kind of sensitivity .
As usual in Buddhist meditation , one uses the breath at the object of concentration , because it ’s ever - present and immediate .
By developing sensitivity with the breath , one begins to see build skills that enable one to look into everything that ’s going on in us with greater clarity and insight .
The lessons we learn are like “ golden eggs ” but the “ eggs ” only keep coming if we continue to develop sensitivity into what ’s going on !
Sensitivity All the Time
by Thanissaro Bhikkhu
Try to be present throughout the whole breath , each breath , all the way in , all the way out .
We like to think that if we had it all figured out , we would n’t have to pay so much attention – that if there were some formula we could memorize , that in itself would take care of things so we would n’t have to put so much effort into the meditation , put so much effort into being present .
We ’d like just to plug into the formula and let things go on automatic pilot – but that ’s missing the point .
The point is being attentive , paying careful attention , being sensitive , all the time .
This is a quality the Buddha calls citta : intentness , attention , really giving yourself fully to what you ’re doing right now , so that the insights come not as a formula that allows you to be inattentive , but as a sensitivity to what ’s going on right now so you can read what ’s happening .
In other words , you ’re trying to strengthen this quality of being attentive , this quality of being present , because when you ’re really present then you do n’t need all the other formulas .
You recognize the signs of what ’s going on : when the breath is too long , when the breath is too short , when the breath energy in the body is too sluggish , when it ’s too active .
It ’s by being attentive that you notice these things , that you ’re sensitive to them , that you can read what they ’re telling you .
So the insights you gain are not necessarily sentences that you can write down in little books of wisdom .
Insight is just a greater and greater sensitivity to what ’s going on .
Do n’t think that you ’d like to have things explained beforehand , or to sit here trying to come up with little rules : “ Well , when this happens , you should do this ; and then , when that happens , you should do that . ”
You ’re trying to develop the quality of being able to listen , able to read what ’s happening in the present moment , all the time , so that you wo n’t need those little rules .
If you ’re looking for the little formula or the little nuggets of wisdom that you can take home so that you can drop the effort that goes into being so attentive , it ’s like the old story of the goose laying the golden egg .
You get a golden egg and then you kill the goose .
That ’s the end of the eggs .
The goose here is the ability to stay attentive , to be present , to be fully engaged in what ’s happening with the breath .
The insights will come on their own – you keep producing , producing , producing the insights – not for the sake of taking home with you , but for the sake of using them right here , right now .
You do n’t have to be afraid that you ’re not going to remember them for the next time .
If you ’re really attentive , your sensitivity will produce the fresh insights you need next time .
It will keep developing , becoming an ability to read things more and more carefully , so that you wo n’t have to memorize insights from the past .
It will keep serving them up , hot and fresh .
Like sailing a boat :
When you first get out in the boat and they give you the rudder , it does n’t take long before you flip the boat over because you steer too hard to the right , steer to hard to the left .
You do n’t have a sense of what ’s just right .
But if you pay attention to what you ’re doing , after a while that sense of “ just right ” develops .
And the next time you get into the boat , it ’s not that you have to remember any verbal lessons you learned from the last time .
The sensitivity is there in you : the ability to read how much pressure you should put on the rudder at this point , … when this happens , … when that happens .
There ’s a greater and greater familiarity that comes from being fully attentive .
The same principle applies here .
It ’s not the case that you ’re going to be fully attentive for five minutes and learn whatever lessons you ’re going to need for the hour and then just zone out or go on automatic pilot .
You have to be as attentive to the first breath as you are to the last breath , as attentive to the last breath as you are to the first , and all the breaths in between .
And as this quality of attentiveness grows stronger , your sensitivity grows stronger .
There ’s less and less of a conscious effort , but it does n’t mean that you ’re less present .
It ’s just that you ’re more skilled at being present , more skilled at being sensitive , ready to learn whatever lessons there are to learn .
Michaelangelo at the age 87 reportedly said that he was still learning how to sculpt .
Well , that should be your attitude as you meditate .
There are always things to learn .
Even arhants have things to learn .
They ’ve learned enough already to overcome their defilements , but they ’re still learning other things because they ’re attentive all the time .
They ’re watching what ’s going on .
Their sensitivity has been heightened .
When people talk about the path being identical with the goal , there is an element of truth there , in the sense that , when you reach the goal , you do n’t throw away all the things you did when you were on the path .
They say that even arahants practice the Four Foundations of Mindfulness , not because they have anything more to do in terms of uprooting their defilements , but because it ’s a pleasant abiding .
It ’s a good place to be .
At the same time , if they have to teach other people , they use the sensitivities they ’ve developed in their meditation and apply them to the process of teaching .
So do n’t sit here saying , “ Well , I ’ll just stay with the breath until I get the results I want , and then I can stop this effort . ”
You ’re working with the qualities that are going to take you there , and the qualities that are going to stay with you once you are there : the qualities of mindfulness , alertness , discernment , all the good qualities we ’re working on here .
You want to bring them more and more to bear on what you ’re doing all the time .
They get stronger and stronger , and they give you the sensitivity you need to cut through defilements when you see them .
They give you the sensitivity you need to find more stable states of concentration , to figure out the techniques you need in order to get the mind to settle down when it ’s obstreperous .
But again , once you ’ve learned those lessons , it ’s not the case that you can turn off the effort to be sensitive , the effort to be fully engaged .
It ’s just that you learn how to be more and more comfortable being that engaged , so that whatever lessons come up , whatever things there are that you have to read within yourself , whatever things you have to listen to within yourself , you ’re ready to listen .
You ’re alert to the signs that you have to decipher when you read .
So do what you can to keep this goose alive and well so it can keep laying the golden eggs you need .
You crack open the golden egg : there ’s a lesson for you to use right there , right then .
You do n’t have to worry about making a stockpile of golden eggs , because it ’s a funny kind of gold , like the gold in a fairy tale .
You turn around , and a few minutes later it ’s turned to feathers .
But the fact is that if you ’re really attentive , the goose is ready to lay another golden egg .
So you keep nourishing it so that it can keep producing .
Use the eggs for their intended purpose and just let them go .
Do your best to keep this mindstate going so that it ’s ready to lay another egg , to give you more gold all the time .
♥♥♥
37.871593 -122.272747
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
A certain US soft drinks giant may disagree , but Bolivia has come up with a fizzy beverage it says is the real thing : Coca Colla .
The drink , made from the coca leaf and named after the indigenous Colla people from Bolivia 's highlands , went on sale this week across the South American country .
It is black , sweet and comes in a bottle with a red label – but similarities to Coca - Cola end there .
One is a symbol of US - led globalisation and corporate might ; the other could be considered a socialist - tinged affront to western imperialism .
The first batch of 12,000 bottles , priced about $ 1.50 ( 96 p ) for half a litre , were distributed in the capital , La Paz , as well as Santa Cruz and Cochabamba .
The familiar - sounding name and packaging may rile the Atlanta - based soft drinks manufacturer , but Coca Colla could also cause groans in Washington .
It is made from the coca leaf , a mild stimulant that wards off fatigue and hunger , and has been used in the Andes for thousands of years in cooking , medicine and religious rites .
Coca is also the raw ingredient of cocaine , the powerful narcotic that is the primary target of the US - led " war on drugs " .
Bolivia tried to wipe out the leaf at Washington 's behest .
But that was before Evo Morales , an Aymara Indian and coca grower , was elected president , championing coca as a crop with legitimate uses .
The socialist government vowed zero tolerance for cocaine but expelled drug enforcement administration agents , accusing them of spying , and encouraged Bolivian companies to use coca to make teas , syrups , toothpaste , liqueurs , sweets and cakes .
It backed Coca Colla from the beginning .
" We are seeing how we can give it impetus , because the industrialisation of coca interests us , " the deputy minister of rural development , Victor Hugo Vázquez , told the news agency Efe earlier this year .
If the coca spin - offs work out , the government said the area of land authorised for legal cultivation of the leaf may expand from 12,000 hectares to as much as 20,000 hectares .
The US warned that most of the coca crop would be siphoned off for cocaine , and accused Bolivia of failing to co-operate in the fight against drugs .
Coca - Cola , which denies ever having used cocaine in its recipe , did not immediately respond to requests for its views on the Andean upstart .
It is not the first time the corporation has faced a South American coca rival .
In 2005 , Paez Indians in south - western Colombia launched Coca Sek , which was also based on coca extracts , and sought to promote the cultivation and everyday consumption of the coca leaf , including in tea .
But the drink was banned the following year amid pressure from the international narcotics control board , the body responsible for implementing United Nations drugs conventions .
ОАО « Солигорскпромстрой » имеет необходимую лицензию Республики Беларусь и Российской Федерации на производство строительно - монтажных работ .
В России нами была выполнена реконструкция санатория « Шахтер » в г. Серпухове Московской области ; в сейсмической зоне возведены три монолитных железобетонных каркаса спальных корпусов санатория « Белоруссия » в г.
Кисловодске на буронабивных сваях диаметром 800 мм и глубиной до 24 м. далее »
NEW HAVEN
Shafiq Abdussabur ’s creaky 1986 Mercedes rolls past the Gothic spires , the Urban Outfitters , Gourmet Heaven and the rest of the rarefied zone around Yale onto Dixwell Avenue and , bam , the world changes .
“ That ’s where they shot my nephew , ” he says .
He peers out at the Dixwell Mini-Market , in the heart of the Corridor , the city ’s high - crime area .
In the past two weeks , five black men were murdered over eight days .
There have been 11 homicides in the city this year , 17 since October , 14 in the Corridor .
Tywan Turner was n’t really the nephew of Mr. Abdussabur , a New Haven police officer who heads Ctribat Institute for Social Development , a gun violence prevention program that works with children in troubled New Haven neighborhoods , takes them camping in the summer , gives them a home beyond the streets .
But Mr. Turner had been a beloved participant in the program , so his murder at age 19 felt like a death in the family .
He had left a cookout at a friend ’s house on Saturday , walked to the store for cigarettes and was shot at least four times .
It was the second homicide that day .
“ Awesome kid , a sweetheart , like my kids , ” says Mr. Abdussabur , 43 , who grew up in the neighborhood and ran track at the University of West Georgia .
“ Respectful , handsome , nice smile .
Not a fighting kid , very laid back , very smart .
Someone was in a dispute with his brother and retaliated against him . ”
Despite the fact that California 's economy created net new jobs
In March , the unemployment rate continued to rise .
That 's because those who had completely lost hope and dropped out of the unemployment figures ( they were n't actively looking for work ) , are now coming back to sniff around for jobs .
L.A. Times :
Despite hints of an economic turnaround , some of the 2.3 million unemployed in the state found March the toughest month yet .
That 's because tens of thousands have been out of work so long that their unemployment checks will be cut off within the next few weeks .
They 're not helped by the $ 18 - billion measure signed Thursday by President Obama that extends jobless benefits for many Americans through June 2 .
The Employment Development Department estimates that about 100,000 Californians will have exhausted their benefits by this weekend .
" Jobs have not been quickly multiplying , so there 's a lot of people who are still in need of assistance , " said Loree Levy , a spokeswoman with the Employment Development Department .
California payrolls increased by 4,200 nonfarm jobs in March , primarily in the sectors of manufacturing , educational and health services , and leisure and hospitality .
Still , the unemployment rate rose as many who had been discouraged by the job hunt resumed their search .
This is why if we talk about unemployment in the strict sense of the government figures ( which are perversely affected by people either giving up their job search or starting to look around ) , unemployment will take a long time to come down .
Not only must news jobs created for those still looking for work , but new jobs must also be created for all the people who dropped out of the labor force entirely yet would come back if they saw hope again .
News and Views from the hard left .
Experts say accelerated production in Pakistan translates into much increased risk .
“ The challenges are getting greater — the increasing extremism , the increasing instability , the increasing material , ” said Rolf Mowatt - Larssen of the Kennedy School of Government at Harvard , who as a C.I.A. officer and then head of the Energy Department ’s intelligence unit ran much of the effort to understand Al Qaeda ’s nuclear ambitions .
Image President Obama met with President Hu Jintao of China during the international nuclear summit in Washington on Monday .
Credit ... Doug Mills / The New York Times
“ That ’s going to complicate efforts to make sure nothing leaks , ” he said .
“ The trends mean the Pakistani authorities have a greater challenge . ”
Few subjects are more delicate in Washington .
In an interview last Monday , Mr. Obama avoided a question about his progress in building on a five - year , $ 100 million Bush administration program to safeguard Pakistan ’s arms and materials .
“ I feel confident that Pakistan has secured its nuclear weapons , ” Mr. Obama said .
“ I am concerned about nuclear security all around the world , not just in Pakistan but everywhere . ”
He added , “ One of my biggest concerns has to do with the loose nuclear materials that are still floating out there . ”
Taking up the Pakistan - India arms race at the summit meeting , administration officials say , would be “ too politically divisive . ”
“ We ’re focusing on protecting existing nuclear material , because we think that ’s what everyone can agree on , ” one senior administration official said in an interview on Friday .
To press countries to cut off production of new weapons - grade material , he said , “ would take us into questions of proliferation , nuclear - free zones and nuclear disarmament on which there is no agreement . ”
Mr. Obama said he expected “ some very specific commitments ” from world leaders .
“ Our expectation is not that there ’s just some vague , gauzy statement about us not wanting to see loose nuclear materials , ” he said .
“ We anticipate a communiqué that spells out very clearly , here ’s how we ’re going to achieve locking down all the nuclear materials over the next four years , with very specific steps in order to assure that . ”
Logitech ’s new Touch Mouse app for the iPhone and iPod Touch basically turns either device “ into a wireless trackpad and keyboard for your computer . ”
Best of all , it works with any Wi-Fi network to ensure connectivity throughout your home .
Video review after the break .
Click here to download now .
Le projet de loi dit « Grenelle 2 » sera examiné par les députés à partir du 4 mai .
Il est censé préciser la mise en œuvre des engagements pris deux ans plus tôt , lors du Grenelle de l’environnement .
Mais les députés UMP préfèrent suivre le nouvel adage présidentiel : l ’environnement , « ça commence à bien faire ! ».
Ils mènent la charge contre la filière éolienne tout en allégeant les autorisations encadrant le rejet de matières radioactives .
Portes qui claquent , refus de signer , communiqués alarmistes …
Chacun à sa manière manifeste son mécontentement à l’égard du projet de loi « Grenelle 2 » .
Ce texte sera examiné à l’Assemblée nationale à partir du 4 mai 2010 .
Adopté par le Sénat en octobre dernier , il doit préciser les modalités d’applications des engagements pris par le gouvernement lors du Grenelle de l’environnement .
Le renoncement à la mise en place de la taxe carbone avait déjà poussé Nicolas Hulot à « suspendre sa participation » fin mars .
Depuis ce départ , le projet de loi est passé sous les fourches caudines de la « Commission du développement durable et de l’aménagement du territoire ».
Pas moins de 1.625 amendements déposés dont 619 adoptés .
Et au final , une opposition qui vote contre le projet de loi lors de son examen en Commission le 8 avril .
En cause , des amendements qui durcissent les règles d’implantation de l’éolien .
Lors du sommet de Copenhague , le ministre de l’Environnement Jean - Louis Borloo s’est engagé à ce que la France atteigne 23 % d’énergies renouvelables d’ici 2020 , contre 13 % aujourd ’hui [ 1 ] , essentiellement d’origine hydraulique , le reste de la production s’appuyant sur le nucléaire et les centrales au fuel .
Réaliser cet objectif suppose l’installation de 9.000 éoliennes sur le territoire national en 10 ans , contre 2.500 actuellement .
Logique : la France détient le deuxième gisement éolien naturel en Europe , derrière la Grande - Bretagne .
Le secteur est d’ailleurs en pleine croissance .
La filière revendique la création de 10.000 emplois en quelques années , notamment dans des régions durement frappées par la crise , comme la Picardie ou la Lorraine , « leaders » régionaux en terme de puissance installée .
Quand les éoliennes menacent « l’identité de la France »…
Le Syndicat des énergies renouvelables promet la création de 50.000 nouveaux emplois « non délocalisables » dans les dix prochaines années .
L’énergie éolienne est certes tributaire des alizés .
Sa production réelle d’électricité est donc très inégale ( 22 % de la puissance installée en moyenne sur l’année ) mais elle s’adapte parfaitement aux pics saisonniers de consommation .
Lorsqu’il fait plus froid , d’octobre à avril , les vents soufflent aussi davantage .
Cela en fait un pilier de la diversification énergétique capable , selon ses promoteurs , « d’endiguer la baisse de l’emploi industriel en France ».
Problème : les députés UMP ne semblent pas considérer l’éolien comme un secteur d’avenir .
En cause , trois amendements qui seraient « de nature à compromettre fortement le rythme de développement de l’éolien » , selon l’Union française de l’électricité ( UFE ) .
L’organisation professionnelle déplore l’application à l’éolien du régime des installations classées pour la protection de l’environnement ( ICPE ) .
Les installations classées ICPE sont celles « qui peuvent présenter des dangers ou inconvénients » en matière de commodité du voisinage , de santé , de sécurité ou de protection de l’environnement .
Les éoliennes risquent donc demain d’être rangées dans la même catégorie qu’une décharge , un oléoduc ou une cimenterie …
Cet amendement semble répondre à l’intense lobbying mené par Valéry Giscard d’Estaing contre les éoliennes , qui estime qu’elles détériorent les paysages .
Largement cité dans le rapport de la mission parlementaire sur l’énergie éolienne , conduite par le député UMP Patrick Ollier , l’ancien Président de la République évoque une région allemande « dévastée par une ceinture d’éoliennes » ( bigre ! ) et rappelle que « dans le paysage se lit l’histoire et donc l’identité de la France ! ».
On peut se demander pourquoi VGE ne s’est pas élevé quelques dizaines d’années plus tôt contre la construction des centrales nucléaires ou la multiplication des lignes à haute tension …
Pour les professionnels de la filière , rien ne justifie le classement de leurs mâts parmi les installations à risque .
L’UFE rappelle que toute implantation suppose au préalable l’établissement de zones de développement de l’éolien , une étude d’impact , une enquête publique et un permis de construire .
En moyenne , « la réalisation d’un projet prend près de 5 ans entre son initiation et sa mise en service ».
L’application du régime ICPE pourrait donc allonger cette durée et noircir quelque peu l’image de l’éolien .
Précisons également que , contrairement au nucléaire où personne n’a eu droit au chapitre , des habitants opposés à l’installation d’éoliennes dans leur commune peuvent plus facilement interpeller leurs élus .
Énergies renouvelables : mieux vaut jamais que tard
L’installation d’éoliennes pourrait également être soumise à l’établissement de schémas régionaux .
Ceux - ci restent à définir , ce qui ne sera pas le cas avant 2011 .
Les associations environnementales ne récusent pas le principe d’une « planification régionale » qui permettrait d’éviter l’implantation chaotique d’éoliennes .
Mais elles craignent qu’une vision « centralisatrice » et « technocratique » n’enlève toute marge de manœuvre aux régions et départements , à l’heure ou plusieurs collectivités territoriales sont particulièrement actives en la matière , comme la Bretagne qui souhaite développer les énergies marines .
Or , les amendements issus des travaux de la mission parlementaire sur l’énergie éolienne ne vont pas vraiment dans le sens d’une planification locale .
Le texte propose d’interdire purement et simplement les petits projets , en dessous de cinq éoliennes et d’une production théorique de 15 mégawatts .
Si ce seuil est adopté à l ’Assemblée nationale , la moitié des projets en cours seront supprimés , estime l’Union française de l’électricité .
Il y a également fort à parier que l’obligation d’implanter de grands parcs éoliens risque d’engendrer des oppositions locales majeures .
« C’est une vision centralisatrice consistant à mettre l’énergie dans les mains de gros groupes puissants , regrette Raphaël Claustre du Comité de liaison des énergies renouvelables ( CLER ) .
En affaiblissant le rôle des élus locaux , les nouvelles mesures vont créer un fossé évident entre les projets éoliens et les citoyens qui composent les territoires ». Patrick
Ollier assure lui s’être clairement prononcé « pour un développement contrôlé , réglementé et contingenté [ de l’éolien ] pour le rendre acceptable .
» Le Syndicat des énergies renouvelables craint , de son côté , que le développement de l’éolien soit « brutalement interrompu » .
Un étrange paradoxe alors que les députés eux - mêmes relèvent que « la filière française a pris du retard par rapport à certains pays , tels que le Danemark , l’Allemagne , les Etats - Unis , l’Espagne ou encore la Chine » .
Un retard de plusieurs années , au même titre que les filières bois et photovoltaïque …
Les pollutions radioactives banalisées
Durcissement du régime juridique de l’éolien d’un côté , « feu vert pour la contamination nucléaire » de l’autre alerte le Réseau Sortir du nucléaire .
L’énergie nucléaire était jusqu’à présent écartée des discussions du Grenelle de l’environnement .
Mais « une disposition assez surprenante sur le nucléaire s’est malheureusement glissée dans la rédaction de ce texte » , relève l’avocat en droit de l’environnement et de l’énergie Arnaud Gossement , ancien porte - parole de France nature environnement .
De quoi s’agit - il ?
Pour prélever davantage d’eau ou rejeter plus d’effluents chimiques ou radioactifs , une installation nucléaire avait besoin d’une enquête publique préalable .
Déposé en commission des affaires économiques au Sénat , un amendement propose de faire sauter cette réglementation et la remplace par une simple autorisation .
Son auteur , Eric Diard est secrétaire national UMP en charge des énergies et de la croissance verte .
Sa proposition a reçu un avis favorable .
Elle est présentée comme un progrès en matière de transparence parce qu’elle « introduit une consultation obligatoire du public » .
Pour le Réseau sortir du nucléaire , c’est au contraire « un véritable blanc - seing donné à l’industrie nucléaire » et « un déni de démocratie » , les populations ne pouvant plus donner leur avis sur ces augmentations .
Cet amendement s’ajoute au régime dérogatoire qui autorise désormais le recyclage de certains déchets radioactifs dans les biens de grande consommation .
«
Le gouvernement n’a absolument pas revu à la baisse ses ambitions écologiques » , rassure , le 14 avril , le Premier ministre François Fillon .
Une appréciation somme toute logique pour un gouvernement qui considère qu’une centrale nucléaire est bien moins polluante et dangereuse qu’une éolienne .
Sophie Chapelle et Ivan du Roy
Even the most stable financial situation can be thrown off - track by a crisis or unexpected expense .
If you find yourself living under the weight of crushing debt , you do n't have to stay in a hopeless situation .
Instead , turn to a bankruptcy attorney with more than three decades of experience for the help you need .
At James W. Lusk Law Office , I can work with you to understand the details of your financial situation , explain bankruptcy and how it can help you , and lead you through the process of filing .
You can rely on me to provide reliable guidance that is in your best interest as you seek a way out from your debt toward a more solid financial standing .
" Come the middle of September through to October across that entire inland area ... we expect there to be some very large infestations again , " he said .
John Frusciante is now in a new band with Duran Duran bassist John Taylor Former Red Hot Chili Peppers guitarist John Frusciante has been voted the best guitarist of the past 30 years .
Frusciante , who left the group in 2008 , beat Guns n' Roses star Slash , Muse 's Matt Bellamy and Johnny Marr of The Smiths to the top spot .
Prince , Jack White , Radiohead 's Jonny Greenwood and REM's Peter Buck were also in the top 10 .
But Noel Gallagher , The Edge and Kurt Cobain missed out .
Some 30,000 people took part in BBC 6 Music 's Axe Factor online poll .
6 Music breakfast host Shaun Keaveny said of Frusciante : " His range , from minimalist melody lines , through choppy Hendrixian chord voicings all the way up to 11 with wailing metal tinged blues , gives him the edge over many in the list .
For that I salute him . "
Fellow presenter Steve Lamacq said the list proved that " you have to be a little unhinged to be a true guitar hero " .
" There 's an underlying madness about their work , but with the renewed interest in these guitarists , thanks to various computer games , this is a very timely and revealing litmus test of who our audience really admire , " he said .
Frusciante released his 10th solo album last year and is also part of the band Swahili Blonde with Duran Duran bassist John Taylor and vocalist Nicole Turley .
AXE FACTOR TOP 10 1 . John Frusciante - Red Hot Chili Peppers 2 . Slash - Guns n' Roses 3 . Matt Bellamy - Muse 4 . Johnny Marr - The Smiths 5 . Tom Morello - Rage Against The Machine 6 . Kirk Hammett - Metallica 7 . Jonny Greenwood - Radiohead 8 . Prince 9 . Jack White - White Stripes 10 .
Peter Buck - REM
Slash , who came second , is releasing his debut solo album , featuring contributions from Ozzy Osbourne , Iggy Pop , Dave Grohl , Kid Rock and Fergie from Black Eyed Peas .
" All the guys who I consider guitar legends are the pioneers of electric guitar , rock ' n ' roll guitar and blues guitar as well , " he said recently .
" So I 'm still struggling to keep up .
I definitely do n't put myself in the legend category . "
Suede guitarist Bernard Butler , who was also on the list of 40 contenders , said his vote went to Johnny Marr .
" I used to just sit in front of the TV and video everything - whenever he was on Top of the Pops or The Tube , " he told 6 Music .
" Whatever he was on , I just freeze framed it and saw , well , his hand 's there .
There are a million different tricks he used to do - it was a massive education for me . "
Marr came fourth and said it was " incredible " to be considered one of the greats .
" The greatest accolade is for people you respect to respect you and to influence you , " he said .
" But I can't think about it too much because you would need to have some gargantuan ego to analyse it .
I 'm just very grateful and try not to screw up . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Yesterday , the Department of Justice announced it has filed another False Claims Act lawsuit against KBR .
This one alleges false billing for the use of unauthorized private armed security in Iraq under the Logistics Civil Augmentation Program ( LOGCAP ) III contract .
The government alleges that KBR and more than 30 of its subcontractors used and billed the government for unauthorized private armed security for their employees between 2003 and 2006 .
According to the complaint , “ except for a few possible minor exceptions , ” KBR never obtained the required authorization when it hired private security companies ( including Triple Canopy ) to protect its executives or when it awarded subcontracts to companies that employed their own private armed security .
It is alleged that KBR even armed four of its own employees without authorization .
KBR is also accused of violating a Coalition Provisional Authority ( CPA ) directive by failing to register the private security contractors at issue with the Iraqi Ministry of the Interior .
What ’s more , the government claims it has e-mails from KBR contract managers showing that , as early as 2004 , the company knew it was on legal thin ice .
In fact , the complaint notes , in 2004 KBR and the Army discussed modifying LOGCAP III to allow the use of private armed security for convoys and the arming of KBR personnel .
It never came to pass because , ironically , KBR was concerned about its potential liability .
Now , it has to worry about its actual liability .
The government does n’t provide an exact dollar amount for the false billings , only noting that one particular dining facilities subcontractor incurred “ significant costs ” for unauthorized private armed security , which KBR passed on to the Army “ plus associated fees . ”
POGO recently wrote a letter to the Army expressing concern that it was moving too slowly in transitioning from the monopolistic LOGCAP III to the competitive successor contract , LOGCAP IV .
Yesterday ’s announcement is further confirmation that , by keeping LOGCAP III alive , the Army is putting taxpayers at great risk .
The history of KBR ’s performance in Iraq is rife with examples of actual and alleged overbilling , kickbacks ( see also here and here ) , waste ( and more waste ) , exposing troops to hazardous water , ground , air and daily living conditions , and sexual assault .
This is in addition to KBR ’s misbehavior throughout the rest of the world , as exemplified by last year ’s historic settlement of charges related to a bribery scheme in Nigeria .
Yet the Army continues to award business to KBR as if none of this happened .
At this point , POGO leaves the final word to “ Mike , ” who posted this comment on our blog two days ago :
There were many signs since 2003 that KBR had issues , but KBR was too big to fail and was the only contractor that could do the job – that is in the minds of the Army .
The Army knew that KBR was getting higher prices , but they felt it was worth it because we were at war and no other contractor could do the job .
You have to understand that the Army and many contracting officers are focused on delivering the product , cost does not matter .
They get too close to the contractor and lose objectivity .
DCAA reported numerous cost issues very early and were ignored and are still being ignored .
But KBR is not the only example where the Government looked the other way on cost in the interest of getting the product .
Most large contractors such as Boeing , Lockheed , [ General Dynamics ] have benefitted from the mentality that all that matters is getting the product .
-- Neil Gordon
Reykjavik , Iceland - Eruptions from the Icelandic volcano that have wreaked havoc on air travel in Europe are just the beginning unless the European Union meets the country ’s ransom demands according to Iceland ’s new evil overlord Johanna “ Frozen Fury ” Grimsdottir .
Grimsdottir , who was elected evil overlord in 2008 , said , “ We ’ve made our demands clear .
It ’s up to the governments of Europe now .
We ’ve paused the eruptions to give them time to come to their senses , but we wo n’t be waiting forever . ”
Volcanic eruptions are just one weapon in the arsenal of Iceland .
Tsunamis generated by earthquakes , icebergs released into shipping lanes and armies of deadly puffins are some of the other weapons at Iceland ’s disposal .
“ Stopping air travel makes an economic impact , but no one gets hurt .
I ca n’t say that about a 20 meter wall of frozen water heading toward Norway though , ” said Grimmdottir .
The EU has worried about Iceland ’s mastery of nature for years , but relied on the benevolence of its government to keep the continent safe .
The installation of an evil overlord in 2006 changed those sentiments , but by then it was too late .
“ We should ’ve seen it coming , ” said the EU ’s head of the Unlikely Events Commission Eduardo Gomez of Spain .
“ We set up an investigatory committee to find out more about the evil overlord system of government , but their report is n’t due until 2012 .
I fear by then it will be too late for all of us . ”
Citizens of northern Europe are n’t waiting to see if their governments act before they take action themselves .
Many are fleeing their homes for fear of a tsunami or puffin attack .
Sean O’Flannery of northern Ireland said , “ I ’ve seen what a single puffin can do to a man .
I ’m not going to wait around here to see what 20 million can do . ”
The EU has until April 21 to act according to the deadline set by Grimsdottir .
Until then the rest of the world is hoping for the best , but preparing for the worst .
Built around the 1GHz Tegra 2 SOC , the 11.2 - inch ICD Gemini should provide comparable endurance to Apple 's A4 - sporting iPad , while besting it in the grunt stakes with its glorious ability to chew through 1080 p video when required .
If that was n't enough , the rest of this thing 's spec sheet reads like a wishlist .
Headlined by a 3G connection that allows cellular voice calls ( crazy , we know ! ) , it also includes a user - replaceable 40 Wh battery , an SD card reader , FM radio , GPS , 802.11n WiFi , Bluetooth , MicroUSB connectivity to PCs and USB peripherals , stereo speakers , and dual webcams -- a 2 megapixel front - facing unit and a 5 megapixel autofocusing snapper on the back .
Multitouch displays will be available in both resistive and capacitive flavors , with the 1,366 x 768 resolution being filled by Google 's snappy Android OS .
Oh , and did we mention it will run Flash ?
Because it will .
Full specs and a comparison to its direct competitors await after the break , though we 've yet to find out when this JooJoo killer will be making its arrival or at what price .
We 've come across a couple of real ( i.e. not rendered ) pictures of an earlier prototype for the Gemini , which looks generic as hell but should give you a good idea of the dimensions and scale of the device in question .
Yours after the break .
Citing anti-competitive concerns , the Justice Department sued Election Systems & Software in order to force the company to divest itself of the voting machine assets it obtained from Premier Election Solutions last year .
The department 's antitrust division , along with nine state attorneys general , filed the civil antitrust lawsuit ( .pdf ) in U.S. District Court in Washington , D.C. , charging that the acquisition threatened competition .
The department proposed a settlement that , if accepted , would dissolve the merger and force ES&S to sell its Premier business to a buyer approved by the Justice Department .
“ The proposed settlement ( .pdf ) will restore competition , provide a greater range of choices and create incentives to provide secure , accurate and reliable voting - equipment systems now and in the future , ” said Molly S. Boast , deputy assistant attorney general for the antitrust division in a statement .
The nine states that joined the suit are Arizona , Colorado , Florida , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , New Mexico , Tennessee and Washington .
Last September , Premier ( formerly Diebold Election Systems ) announced that ES&S had purchased the company for $ 5 million in cash , plus 70 percent of revenue collected on existing accounts through the end of August 2009 .
Even before the sale , ES&S , based in Omaha , Nebraska , was the nation ’s largest voting - machine maker , with machines being used in 43 states .
ES&S systems were “ utilized in counting approximately 50 percent of the votes in the last four major U.S. elections , ” according to the company ’s website .
The company also created statewide voter registration systems used in California , Maryland , Missouri , Nebraska and New Mexico .
Its acquisition of Premier , the second - largest voting machine maker with equipment used in 33 states , gave it a near monopoly on election gear and would have had the company providing 70 percent of voting equipment in the country .
Premier was a division of Diebold , Inc , which is based in Canton , Oh .
Election integrity activists expressed concern at the time that the purchase would have a detrimental effect on competitive pricing for election districts and would also affect the development of accurate and secure voting systems , since ES&S would have little incentive to improve its voting systems without viable competitors .
They were also concerned that ES&S would stop supporting the Premier equipment and try to pressure election officials who owned the equipment into purchasing ES&S machines .
Spokeswomen for Verified Voting and Voter Action declined to comment on the lawsuit or proposed settlement until their organizations have a chance to review the documents and discuss them with the Justice Department .
The settlement would force ES&S to divest itself of all intellectual property and means associated with producing all versions of Premier 's software , firmware and hardware as well as all inventory of parts and components .
ES&S must also grant to whoever acquires the Premier business a " fully paid - up , irrevocable , perpetual license " to use ES&S 's own AutoMark system .
The AutoMark is a ballot marking device for disabled voters .
Premier had obtained a limited license to sell the device prior to the acquisition .
The buyer of the Premier business will be able to modify both the Premier products and the AutoMark system .
The proposed settlement would also require ES&S customers who are currently under contract to use Premier systems the chance to switch to the new buyer or remain with ES&S and obtain ES&S equipment .
ES&S would be prohibited from bidding on new contracts for Premier equipment .
To make the transition smooth and avoid disrupting upcoming elections , ES&S must provide existing Premier customers with access to employees who are knowledgeable about the Premier systems and work out a supply agreement until the new buyer is able to take over manufacturing of the equipment .
ES&S said in a statement that it recognized that the acquisition had caused concern .
" With that in mind , we fully cooperated and have been working closely with the antitrust division of
the Department of Justice to address those concerns , " the company said .
" We look forward to a resolution of this matter that will allow jurisdictions to move forward immediately in planning for upcoming election events . "
The company added that since the merger , it had provided support for more than 1,000 election events administered by former Premier customers .
Photo : Ben Sutherland / Flickr
See also :
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
04/19/2010
Man bis gays a vow ; both wheel and world keep spinning
by Jeremy Hooper
Last Tuesday , this exchange aired on national TV :
00:00:02 : SAJAK : All right , we want to hear the Brent Benedetti story now .
00:00:04 : BENEDETTI : I 'm recently married to a man who 's been cracking me up for the last ten years .
His name is John .
00:00:09 : BENEDETTI : Uh , we have a dog named inspector dudley crumbs and a cat named kitty - pants .
00:00:14 : SAJAK : Yeah ? so do I. Fantastic
00:00:15 : SAJAK : Our lives are almost parallel .
strange .
00:00:17 : BENEDETTI : I love interior design and home staging , and I love to hike and travel in my free time .
00:00:21 : SAJAK : All right , good to have you here , Brent .
Wheel of Fortune transcript -- 4/13/2010 [ Live Dash ]
Okay , so Sajak sounds a little condescending in that macho straight man sort of way .
Whatever .
The true story here is that almost a full week has gone by , and this has received zero mention .
There is no clip of it on YouTube .
There is no conservative outlet raging about it in the news .
There 's no talk of the " bravery " of Sony Television to put this on the air .
In fact , we had to dig to find the limited information that we did .
And it 's not like the episode went unseen .
" Wheel of Fortune " was the highest rated syndicated show last week , besting Oprah by over 4 million viewers .
It 's just that nobody on either side , up to this point , seems to have cared to either rage or celebrate .
It just came and went -- some minds maybe opened , others had their beliefs in benign marriage equality further confirmed .
Perhaps some were even annoyed -- but they were n't annoyed to the boycott - threatening levels we 've come to know in the past , or else we would have seen an AFA Action Alert in our inbox by the time the complimentary R - S - T - L - N - E were doled out in the bonus round .
A man gave a shout out to his husband on national TV , and the world collectively went , " uh huh , yea , whatever . "
That itself would seem to be some sort of a statement !
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Future Site of Medupi Power Station
A coalition of over 70 South African activist groups is asking for U.S. support to help stop the construction of what would be the world ’s fourth largest coal plant in the world .
In response , U.S. organizations including the Sierra Club and Friends of the Earth have launched an international campaign to prevent the World Bank from financing this massive project lead by African energy giant Eskom .
The debate over South Africa ’s mega-coal plant is likely to come to a head this Thursday , April 8th , when World Bank representatives are expected to vote on whether or not to finance its construction .
U.S. environmentalists have joined in the fight by calling on Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner to vote against the World Bank loan .
Interestingly , this is hardly a case of Western environmentalists attempting to tell a developing country how to provide cheap energy to its citizens .
Indeed , it ’s grassroots opposition inside of South Africa itself that has grown and spread to the international community .
Three weeks ago , South African activists Makoma Lekalakala and Caroline Ntaopane traveled to the United States to drum up opposition to the proposal to build the 4,800 megawatt coal plant in their country .
In response , U.S. environmental groups , including the Sierra Club , agreed to help convince U.S. policy - makers to use their influence at the World Bank to ensure the plant does not receive funding .
To finance the project , Eskom is counting on a $ 3.75 billion loan from the World Bank , without which the coal plant may prove too expensive to build .
In order to pay back the loan , the utility plans to triple electricity rates in many South African communities – accounting for at least part of the widespread opposition to the plant in South Africa .
“ The World Bank ’s mission is to alleviate poverty , ” wrote Bruce Nilles and Mark Kresowik of the Sierra Club after meeting with Lekalakala and Ntaopane last month , and “ Eskom officials claim the coal plant is going to help the poor get access to electricity .
But hearing Makoma and Caroline describe how their community ’s electricity rates are tripling over the next five years …. we know that this loan will do anything but help the poor . ”
Activists in the U.S. have kicked into action , calling on the United States to vote against the loan to Eskom .
The Obama administration has so far indicated it would abstain from voting on the proposal – effectively neither supporting nor condemning the coal plant .
Yet without clear U.S. opposition , the World Bank loan is likely to go forward , and groups like Friends of the Earth are calling on the administration to affirmatively register a “ no ” vote .
“ The [ South African coal plant ] loan would be a disaster for the poor in South Africa , ” reports Friends of the Earth , “ and would lock their country into decades of dirty energy when clean , renewable alternatives exist . ”
Though Eskom ’s proposed coal plant is notable for its enormous size , the fight over funding for the plant is just one of the most recent manifestations of growing international concern over the World Bank ’s role in financing coal plants and other fossil fuel projects which contribute to climate change .
Currently , the World Bank is already supporting the construction of a major coal plant in India .
In October of 2009 , the bank approved a loan to another large plant in South Africa ’s neighbor , Botswana .
World Bank executives have defended the institution by pointing out that they are scaling up investments in renewable energy and energy efficiency projects as well .
But environmental groups charge that as long as the World Bank continues to support massive coal plants like Eskom ’s , the resulting increase in greenhouse gas emissions will eclipse the bank ’s greener investments .
South Africa has already become the most coal - dependent of all African nations , with 6 % of the continent ’s population accounting for over 40 % of Africa ’s greenhouse gas emissions .
Should the World Bank decide against funding the Eskom coal plant , it would send a clear signal that the bank is shifting away from support for fossil fuel projects .
Eskom ’s proposal is just the sort of project which only a few years ago would probably have received World Bank approval without a hitch – and the mere fact that this coal plant has been met with widespread opposition represents a change for the bank .
However , in the end it may be the U.S. which determines whether the fourth largest coal plant on the planet will move forward or not .
Updated
In an official blog post , an employee in Verizon 's Risk Intelligence unit has taken aim at researchers who disclose security flaws , calling them " Narcissistic vulnerability pimps " and comparing them to criminals .
" Have you ever heard of a terrorist referred to as a ' demolition engineer ? ' " the unnamed author of the rant asked , one presumes rhetorically .
" How about a thief as a ' locksmith ? '
No ?
Well , that 's because most fields do n't share the InfoSec industry 's ridiculous yet long - standing inability to distinguish the good guys from the bad guys . "
The post goes on to propose that a person who discloses security flaws henceforth be labeled a " narcissistic vulnerability pimp , " which the writer defines as " One who - solely for the purpose of self - glorification and self - gratification - harms business and society by irresponsibly disclosing information that makes things less secure . "
Besides befuddling all the men in leopard fur coats and feather - laced hats , this comparison is problematic for other reasons .
As the recent Pwn2 Own contest made abundantly clear , software makers can't be counted on to secure their products , at least not on their own .
Security researchers armed with real - world vulnerabilities provide an important check on internal security teams and give them a powerful incentive to be thorough in finding bugs and swift in fixing them .
Without people reporting bugs , the only people creating weaponized exploits in widely used products are those who regularly hack into Fortune 500 companies - and they do n't show the courtesy of telling anyone afterward that the software they 've attacked is defective .
To witness the power of vulnerability disclosure , witness the announcement security researcher " narcissistic vulnerability pimp " Tavis Ormandy made earlier this month about a flaw in the Java virtual machine that made it trivial for bad guys to install malware on end user machines .
In private discussions , Oracle told Ormandy the threat did n't warrant them issuing a fix outside of their next scheduled patch release in July .
Five days after the bulletin was published , the vulnerability was fixed .
We 're all for companies fixing their buggy products , and this includes Verizon .
But until they can do it on their own , and in a timely manner , we 'll continue to use the term " security researcher . " ®
Update
We just got off the phone with Dave Kennedy , manager of risk analysis at Verizon Business , who expanded a bit on the blog post , which he said was written by his boss , Wade Baker , with Kennedy 's assistance .
He said full disclosure was never a good idea , even in cases , like Ormandy 's dust - up with Oracle , where the company delays a fix for a vulnerability that endangers millions of users .
" I do n't want to pick a fight with these guys , " he said , meaning security researchers or , uh , narcissistic vulnerability pimps .
" By arbitrarily releasing vulnerability information you are putting others at risk and you are putting yourself in the position of managing the time of the employees of the companies that own that software .
It 's a rationalization to say that Charlie Miller 's in a better position to judge the vulnerabilities that OS X has than Apple .
" Apple has a responsibility to their shareholders and to their customers to deal with the vulnerabilities , and their shareholders and their customers can hold Apple 's feet to the fire .
They have their own ways of exerting pressure on Apple to behave in a way they think Apple should behave . "
Of course , if the public remains in the dark about gaping vulnerabilities that go unfixed for months or years - which is an inevitable outcome of the world Kennedy would have us all live in - it 's questionable how shareholders and customers could be informed enough to take action .
But hey , it sure would make life easier on the software makers , would n't it ?
While some internet radios try to go all out with either retro or futuristic styling , Grace 's new Allegro WiFi radio instead keeps things about as simple as can be , and that 's just fine with us .
Designed with portability in mind , the radio can run on six AA batteries or an optional NiMH rechargeable battery , and promises to deliver some room - filling sound thanks to " one of the most powerful amplifiers in it 's class . "
You 'll also get support for a range of services including Pandora , Sirius and Live 365 right out of the box , as well as an included remote control ( and even an iPhone remote app ) , a headphone jack , and all the usual alarm clock features -- not to mention support for streaming of your own music library in addition to internet radio .
Sound like what you 're looking for ?
This one 's available to order right now for $ 169.99 .
On April 13 , 1970 — 321,860 kilometers into its Moon trip — an oxygen tank exploded in the Odyssey 's Service Module .
James Lovell , Jack Swigert , and Fred Haise had a really big problem .
These pages saved their lives .
Advertisement
These pages described how to power down the electric systems in the spacecraft , to save energy that was going to be needed during the final approach to Earth .
After oxygen tank number two exploded and oxygen tank got damaged , they lost their ability to produce electricity using the service module fuel cells .
which combined that oxygen and hydrogen to generate power .
Advertisement
It worked .
The crew was able to power up their ship again with the limited power stored in Odyssey 's batteries , and despite the fact that water condensation was everywhere after they turned the heaters off as part of their power saving measures .
In April 17 , 1970 — 18:07:41 UTC — the Apollo 13 crew splashed safely in the Pacific Ocean .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
The pages — with notes from Lovell — will be up for auction April 13 at Bonhams in New York .
[ Bonhams and Wikipedia ]
For 400 years , higher education in the US has been on a roll .
From Harvard asking Galileo to be a guest professor in the 1600s to millions tuning in to watch a team of unpaid athletes play another team of unpaid athletes in some college sporting event , the amount of time and money and prestige in the college world has been climbing .
I 'm afraid that 's about to crash and burn .
Here 's how I 'm looking at it .
1 . Most colleges are organized to give an average education to average students .
Pick up any college brochure or catalog .
Delete the brand names and the map .
Can you tell which school it is ?
While there are outliers ( like St. Johns , Deep Springs or Full Sail ) most schools are n't really outliers .
They are mass marketers .
Stop for a second and consider the impact of that choice .
By emphasizing mass and sameness and rankings , colleges have changed their mission .
This works great in an industrial economy where we can't churn out standardized students fast enough and where the demand is huge because the premium earned by a college grad dwarfs the cost .
But …
2. College has gotten expensive far faster than wages have gone up .
As a result , there are millions of people in very serious debt , debt so big it might take decades to repay .
Word gets around .
Wo n't get fooled again …
This leads to a crop of potential college students that can ( and will ) no longer just blindly go to the ' best ' school they get in to .
3 . The definition of ' best ' is under siege .
Why do colleges send millions (! ) of undifferentiated pieces of junk mail to high school students now ?
We will waive the admission fee !
We have a one page application !
Apply !
This is some of the most amateur and bland direct mail I 've ever seen .
Why do it ?
Biggest reason :
So the schools can reject more applicants .
The more applicants they reject , the higher they rank in US News and other rankings .
And thus the rush to game the rankings continues , which is a sign that the marketers in question ( the colleges ) are getting desperate for more than their fair share .
Why bother making your education more useful if you can more easily make it appear to be more useful ?
4 . The correlation between a typical college degree and success is suspect .
College was n't originally designed to merely be a continuation of high school ( but with more binge drinking ) .
In many places , though , that 's what it has become .
The data I 'm seeing shows that a degree ( from one of those famous schools , with or without a football team ) does n't translate into significantly better career opportunities , a better job or more happiness than a degree from a cheaper institution .
5 . Accreditation is n't the solution , it 's the problem .
A lot of these ills are the result of uniform accreditation programs that have pushed high - cost , low - reward policies on institutions and rewarded schools that churn out young wanna - be professors instead of experiences that turn out leaders and problem - solvers .
Just as we 're watching the disintegration of old - school marketers with mass market products , I think we 're about to see significant cracks in old - school schools with mass market degrees .
Back before the digital revolution , access to information was an issue .
The size of the library mattered .
One reason to go to college was to get access .
Today , that access is worth a lot less .
The valuable things people take away from college are interactions with great minds ( usually professors who actually teach and actually care ) and non-class activities that shape them as people .
The question I 'd ask : is the money that mass - marketing colleges are spending on marketing themselves and scaling themselves well spent ?
Are they organizing for changing lives or for ranking high ?
Does NYU have to get so much bigger ?
Why ?
The solutions are obvious … there are tons of ways to get a cheap , liberal education , one that exposes you to the world , permits you to have significant interactions with people who matter and to learn to make a difference ( start here ) .
Most of these ways , though , are n't heavily marketed nor do they involve going to a tradition - steeped two - hundred - year old institution with a wrestling team .
Things like gap years , research internships and entrepreneurial or social ventures after high school are opening doors for students who are eager to discover the new .
The only people who have n't gotten the memo are anxious helicopter parents , mass marketing colleges and traditional employers .
And all three are waking up and facing new circumstances .
By Jody Bourton
Earth News reporter
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Octopuses are excited by high definition television , say scientists .
In experiments evaluating how the creatures react to moving images , the animals responded far more vigorously to HDTV than standard definition TV .
It appears that standard definition moving images are not sufficiently " convincing " for the sophisticated cephalopods , say the scientists .
Researchers can now use HDTV as a tool to study elements of their behaviour , such as personality .
Details of the discovery are published in The Journal of Experimental Biology .
It was a case of the technology not being up to the relatively high standard of octopus eyesight
Ms Renata Pronk
Macquarie University , Sydney Australia
Octopuses appear to be intelligent animals , that respond to their environment with brilliant colour changes .
In theory , showing moving images to them , of predators , prey or other octopuses for example , would be a good way to study their behaviour .
But in previous experiments , cephalopods - the family containing octopuses , cuttlefish and squid - have not responded to standard quality video images .
This team of researchers decided to test how octopuses reacted to HDTV , which has roughly five times as many pixels as standard definition TV ( SDTV ) .
Ms Renata Pronk from Macquarie University , Sydney , Australia and colleagues collected gloomy octopuses ( Octopus tetricus ) from Sydney Harbour , transferring them to a tank at the Sydney Institute of Marine Science .
There , they exposed the octopuses to three HDTV videos , recording the animals ' response .
One video showed a crab , a natural food for octopuses , running across the screen .
The second video showed another octopus and the third a simple jar .
The octopuses reacted differently to each video , but their behaviour was not consistent over time .
For example , on one day an octopus would react excitedly to the crab video , but it would show little interest on another day .
This demonstrates that gloomy octopuses have " episodic personalities " , say the researchers , which means their personality varies over time .
The discovery that octopuses react to HDTV will now allow researchers to study aspects of their personality and behaviour further , says Ms Pronk , including why octopus personality appears to be variable and short - lived .
High standards
" We developed a method of showing video to an octopus , which was the first time this has been successful with any cephalopod , " says Ms Pronk .
The octopuses likely react to a few features of HDTV , she says , including its higher definition and higher frame rate , and the refreshing of horizontal lines across the screen at the same time , a feature called progressive scan that is not included in SDTV .
" It was a case of the technology not being up to the relatively high standard of octopus eyesight . "
In my submission to the Parliamentary Committee , I observed that the “ trick ” was n’t “ clever ” – it was the deletion of inconvenient data .
The IPCC “ trick ” was not a “ clever ” mathematical method – it was merely the deletion of inconvenient data after 1960 .
Post - 1960 values were even deleted in the reconstruction archived version at NOAA .
I provided an explanation with a graphic – which was n’t quoted or cited .
They cited a less precise submission by Peter Taylor on this point .
They noted that “ UEA interpreted the use of the word “ trick ” differently ” citing the following portion of the UEA submission [ discussing the trick email describing the WMO 1999 graphic , not the TAR graphic – June 13 , 2010 ] :
as for the ( now notorious ) word ‘ trick ’ , so deeply appealing to the media , this has been richly misinterpreted and quoted out of context .
It was used in an informal email , discussing the difficulties of statistical presentation .
It does not mean a ‘ ruse ’ or method of deception .
In context it is obvious that it is used in the informal sense of ‘ the best way of doing something ’ .
In this case it was ‘ the trick or knack ’ of constructing a statistical illustration which would combine the most reliable proxy and instrumental evidence of temperature trends .
Contrary to UEA ’s claims , there is no valid statistical procedure supporting the substitution of tree ring proxy data going the wrong with instrumental temperature data to create a false rhetorical impression of the coherence of the proxy data .
Indeed , as I observed in my submission , Mann himself had condemned the merging of instrumental and proxy data as follows :
No researchers in this field have ever , to our knowledge , “ grafted the thermometer record onto ” any reconstruction .
It is somewhat disappointing to find this specious claim ( which we usually
find originating from industry - funded climate disinformation websites ) appearing in this forum [ realclimate ] .
Unfortunately , NIgel Lawson – who , to my knowledge , does not have in - depth knowledge of Climate Audit issues – was invited by the Committee to testify on Climate Audit issues and made incorrect and exceedingly ill - judged comments on the topic , comments that were seized upon by the Committee as follows :
These [ UEA ] interpretations of the colloquial meaning of “ trick ” have been accepted by even the staunchest of critics : Lord Lawson of Blaby :
The sinister thing is not the word ‘ trick ’ .
In their [ UEA ’s ] own evidence they say that what they mean by ‘ trick ’ is the best way of doing something .
Chairman :
You accept that ?
Lord Lawson of Blaby : I accept that .
From these ill - judged comments , the Committee concluded :
[ The trick ] appears to be a colloquialism for a “ neat ” method of handling data .
This is absurd .
The trick was not a “ neat ” way of handling data , nor a recognized form of statistical analysis .
The trick was a clever way of tricking the readers of the IPCC 2001 graphic into receiving a false rhetorical impression of the coherency of proxies – a point understood at the beginning by Jon Stewart of the Daily Show , but now misunderstood due to continued disinformation .
The Committee went on to consider Lawson ’s testimony on “ hide the decline ” as follows :
61 . Lord Lawson did , however , describe CRU ’s treatment of the data as “ reprehensible ” , because , in his view , Professor Jones deliberately hid data that demonstrated a decline in temperatures .
62 . The data that he believed to be “ hidden ” are a set of tree ring data that disagree with other data sources regarding temperature trends .
Lord Lawson said : “ when the proxy series [ … ] departed from the measured temperature series , a normal person will say maybe that means the proxy series is not all that reliable ” .
In that context he made two specific claims :
• that the tree ring data were flawed because “ for a long period before 1421 they relied on one single pine tree ” ; and
• that the divergence problem was not just for data after the 1960s , “ it is not a good fit in the latter half of the nineteenth century either ” .
Again , these comments by Lawson were ill - considered .
I have no idea what he had in mind in his comment about the lone pine tree nor what his 19th century comment was about .
Jones was able to rebut each of Lawson ’s comments and the Committee accepted Jones ’ rebuttal of Lawson ’s comments .
On these points , the Committee did not consider or rebut any of my written points , preferring to deal with easier targets .
The Committee cited the UEA denial that they had ever sought to “ hide the decline ” :
CRU never sought to disguise this specific type of tree -ring “ decline or divergence ” .
On the contrary , CRU has published a number of pioneering articles that illustrate , suggest reasons for , and discuss the implications of this interesting phenomenon .
Again , as so often , you have to watch the pea under the thimble .
It is true that the decline was reported in publications by CRU authors – but this does not mean that CRU never sought to disguise the “ decline or divergence ” .
As I pointed out in my submission ( and others also ) , CRU authors – in their capacity as IPCC contributors – sought to disguise the decline in the influential IPCC spaghetti graph ( and elsewhere , through such measures as not archiving post - 1960 reconstruction values . )
Given that the IPCC report is the most influential representation of the data , this is hardly a minor incident .
The Committee reached the following conclusion on this matter :
66 . Critics of CRU have suggested that Professor Jones ’s use of the words “ hide the decline ” is evidence that he was part of a conspiracy to hide evidence that did not fit his view that recent global warming is predominantly caused by human activity .
That he has published papers — including a paper in Nature — dealing with this aspect of the science clearly refutes this allegation .
In our view , it was shorthand for the practice of discarding data known to be erroneous .
We expect that this is a matter the Scientific Appraisal Panel will address .
Here the Committee either failed to watch the pea under the thimble or is itself moving the pea .
Once again , the fact that the decline is discussed in a Nature paper does not justify the deletion of the inconvenient data in the IPCC spaghetti graph in order to provide the false rhetorical consistency that IPCC was seeking .
The issues are entirely separate and the Committee should have been able to discern this .
In addition , their suggestion that Jones and others were doing nothing more than “ discarding data known to be erroneous ” is simply absurd .
There was no testimony to the Committee ( nor has it ever been suggested ) that the tree ring data was measured incorrectly or that the data was “ erroneous ” – the data is what it is .
The tree ring data goes down instead of up – but that does n’t make it “ erroneous ” .
It only means that the data is a bad proxy – something that was concealed from IPCC readers .
It is discouraging to read such bilge .
Sure , this does n’t exactly fit in with what we normally cover at BGR , but when we saw what the Treasury Department did with the design of the newly unveiled $ 100 bill we just could n’t help but whip up this post .
To enter into circulation in February 2011 , the new $ 100 bill features a range of new security features that will help the average person discern what ’s real from what ’s fake .
The two features Uncle Sam is most proud about are the 3D Security Ribbon and the Bell in the Inkwell .
The 3D Security Ribbon is on the front of the bill , and is laced with images of bells and 100s which shift into one another when the note is tilted .
The Bell in the Inkwell , found immediately to the right of the 3D Security Ribbon , changes from copper to green when the bill is moved giving the illusion of the bell disappearing into the inkwell .
Other features and items that have been enhanced from the previous design includes a portrait watermark of Benjamin Franklin , a security thread , color - shifting 100 , a gold 100 , raised printing , and microprinting .
If you happen to have a few stacks stacks of $ 100s lying around , do n’t worry about them losing their status as legal tender because the Treasury Department is n’t planning on recalling the any of the existing 6.5 billion bills .
If you ’re pretty confused about all of this , just click the read link .
The ol’ reliable forces of bureaucracy have assembled what looks to be a rather comprehensive ( and no doubt expensive ) website that ’s chock - full of informative goodness .
Read
Legal news for Vermont motorcycle accident attorneys – Two people were hurt after a driver and two girls ignored crosswalk rules .
Driver at green light lets girls cross street into oncoming traffic .
Motorcycle hits one .
Burlington , VT ( www.NewYorkInjuryNews.com)
–
Two people were injured Monday , April 19 , 2010 , after a driver stopped against a green traffic light at a cross walk to let two girls cross the street , causing a collision between an oncoming motorcycle and the two pedestrians , as reported by www.wcax.com.
According to police reports , two girls were on the side of the street , waiting at the crosswalk on North Avenue by Farrington Trailer Park at approximately 6 p.m .
A vehicle , in attempts to aid the girls on their journey , stopped against the green light and motioned for the two girls to go ahead .
The two girls took the driver up on his offer and went for it .
Upon doing so , a motorcyclist traveling in the opposite direction of the stopped vehicle hit one of the two teenage girls .
The motorcyclist was 21 - year - old Jimmy Huynh of Burlington .
He was thrown from his motorcycle and thus sustained minor injuries .
The 13 - year - old girl who was hit by the oncoming bike was thrown to the ground and sustained non life - threatening injuries .
Authorities said the driver of the vehicle who stopped against the traffic light for the girls , which caused the chain of injurious events , fled the scene .
As of Tuesday , April 20 , 2010 , there was no new information on the possible identity of this erroneous driver .
This incident has Vermont officers reminding pedestrians and drivers alike that rules for the road are there for a reason : to prevent completely avoidable accidents .
Legal News Reporter : Tara Monks – Legal news for automobile accident lawyers .
February 16 , 2010
Lack of Morning Light Keeping Teenagers Up at Night
First Field Study Shows Lack of Exposure to Morning Light Delays Sleep in Teens
The first field study on the impact of light on teenagers ’ sleeping habits finds that insufficient daily morning light exposure contributes to teenagers not getting enough sleep .
“ As teenagers spend more time indoors , they miss out on essential morning light needed to stimulate the body ’s 24 - hour biological system , which regulates the sleep / wake cycle , ” reports Mariana Figueiro , Ph.D. , Assistant Professor and Program Director at Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute ’s Lighting Research Center ( LRC ) and lead researcher on the new study .
“ These morning - light - deprived teenagers are going to bed later , getting less sleep and possibly under- performing on standardized tests .
We are starting to call this the teenage night owl syndrome . ”
In the study just published in Neuroendocrinology Letters , Dr. Figueiro and LRC Director Dr. Mark Rea found that eleven 8th grade students who wore special glasses to prevent short - wavelength ( blue ) morning light from reaching their eyes experienced a 30 - minute delay in sleep onset by the end of the 5 - day study .
“ If you remove blue light in the morning , it delays the onset of melatonin , the hormone that indicates to the body when it ’s nighttime , ” explains Dr. Figueiro .
“ Our study shows melatonin onset was delayed by about 6 minutes each day the teens were restricted from blue light .
Sleep onset typically occurs about 2 hours after melatonin onset . "
Disrupting Biological Rhythms
The problem is that today ’s middle and high schools have rigid schedules requiring teenagers to be in school very early in the morning .
These students are likely to miss the morning light because they are often traveling to and arriving at school before the sun is up or as it ’s just rising .
“ This disrupts the connection between daily biological rhythms , called circadian rhythms , and the earth ’s natural 24 - hour light / dark cycle , ” explains Dr. Figueiro .
In addition , the schools are not likely providing adequate electric light or daylight to stimulate this biological or circadian system , which regulates body temperature , alertness , appetite , hormones and sleep patterns .
Our biological system responds to light much differently than our visual system .
It is much more sensitive to blue light .
Therefore , having enough light in the classroom to read and study does not guarantee that there is sufficient light to stimulate our biological system .
“ According to our study , however , the situation in schools can be changed rapidly by the conscious delivery of daylight , which is saturated with short - wavelength , or blue , light , ” reports Dr. Figueiro .
First Field Study
Dr. Figueiro ’s research , sponsored by the U.S. Green Building Council and in part by a grant from a Trans - National Institutes of Health Genes , Environment and Health Initiative is the first field study to measure the impact of reduced morning blue light exposure on evening melatonin onset of teenagers attending school .
According to Dr. Figueiro , the results of this field study are significant because they validate controlled laboratory findings with actual field measurements of light that impact our biological system .
The field experiment was conducted at Smith Middle School in Chapel Hill , North Carolina , a school with good daylight design .
The school building has south - facing skylights to deliver daylight to nearly all interior spaces throughout the day .
The study detailed in Neuroendocrinology Letters is part of a larger study where data on students was collected at both Smith Middle School in Chapel Hill , North Carolina , as well as Algonquin Middle School in Averill Park , New York .
The larger study is examining not only the impact of removing morning blue light , but also the seasonal impact and the increased evening light exposure during the spring months on teens ’ melatonin onset and sleep times .
Implications for School Design
Throughout her research , Dr. Figueiro has repeatedly come face - to - face with the enormous concern of parents over teenagers going to bed too late .
“ Our findings pose two questions : “ How will we promote exposure to morning light and how will we design schools differently ? ” says Dr. Figueiro .
The study findings should have significant implications for school design .
“ Delivering daylight in schools may be a simple , non-pharmacological treatment for students to help them increase sleep duration , ” concludes Dr. Figueiro .
Light Therapy Can Reduce Health Risks of Shift Workers and Alzheimer ’s Patients
The new research has applications for more than 3 million shift workers and Alzheimer ’s patients who suffer from lack of a regular sleep pattern .
Studies have shown that this lack of synchronization between a shift worker ’s rest and activity and light / dark patterns leads to a much higher risk of cardiovascular disease , diabetes , seasonal depression and cancer over decades .
As evidenced in prior studies by Dr. Figueiro , light therapy can also be used to improve sleep in Alzheimer ’s patients , who usually display uneven sleep patterns .
“ By removing light at certain times of day , and giving light at other times , you can synchronize the sleep / wake patterns of Alzheimer ’s patients with the light / dark pattern , providing them with more consolidated sleep , ” says Dr. Figueiro .
Interviews with Mariana Figueiro , Ph.D. , Assistant Professor at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute ’s Lighting Research Center are available .
For TV Producers : B - roll is also available .
Web site : www.lrc.rpi.edu
Contact : Mary Cimo
Phone : ( 518 ) 687-7174
E-mail : cimom@rpi.edu
OTTAWA — Yar !
There be a new party on the high seas of Canadian politics .
The Pirate Party of Canada can now run buccaneers in the next federal election .
Canada 's chief electoral officer , Marc Mayrand , granted the Pirates official party status on April 12 .
They 'll officially join the 19 other registered parties as long as they field at least one candidate in the next election .
Parties that want to run in federal elections must be registered with Elections Canada .
Being registered means the Pirates can issue tax receipts for political contributions , and they need to report their finances to the elections watchdog .
The Pirate Party wants to make it legal to copy songs , books , movies and artwork for private , non-commercial use .
The Pirate Party was founded last June .
It 's modelled after Sweden 's Pirate Party , the country 's third - largest party , which won a seat in last year 's European Parliament elections .
“ We need a world ... where artists and inventors are free to create without the chains of mismanagement and executive privilege , ” says a statement on the Canadian party 's website .
“ We need to foster technological development in all fields of everyday life , in an open manner .
We need to bring focus to the privacy of the individual while shedding light on the work that government does so that we can avoid hidden laws and treaties that attack Canadians . ”
Pirate Party Leader Jake Daynes was n't immediately available to comment .
The Pirates will join other , lesser - known registered parties such as the Marijuana Party , the Rhinoceros Party , the Work Less Party and the Animal Alliance Environment Voters Party of Canada .
Abuse hotline set up by Catholic Church in Germany melts down on first day as 4,000 people phone in
An abuse hotline set up by the Catholic Church in Germany melted down on its first day of operation as more than 4,000 alleged victims of paedophile and violent priests called in to seek counselling and advice .
The numbers were far more than the handful of therapists assigned to deal with them could cope with .
In the end only 162 out of 4,459 callers were given advice before the system was shut down .
Andreas Zimmer , head of the project in the Bishopric of Trier , admitted that he was n't prepared for " that kind of an onslaught ' .
Defence : The Pope celebrates Mass at the Vatican yesterday .
The abuse hotline was set up as part of the Church 's attempt to win back trust in the face of escalating abuse claims that threaten Benedict 's papacy
The hotline is the Church 's attempt to win back trust in the face of an escalating abuse scandal that threatens the papacy of German - born Pontiff Benedict XVI in Rome .
Earlier this week it was alleged that an ally of the Pope , Bishop Mixa , beat children - a charge he has subsequently denied .
Former girls and boys testified that he beat them with fists and a carpet beater which screaming ;
' The devil is in you and I will drive him out !'
Also , the bishopric of Trier reported that 20 priests are suspected of having sexually abused children between the 1950s and 1990s .
Bishop Stephan Ackermann , who was appointed last year , said on Monday that three of the cases had been passed on to public prosecutors , with two more soon to follow .
German media are calling the scandal ' the hour of the children ' .
Silent , often for decades after pressure was applied to both them and their families by the Church , they are now finding the courage to speak out .
The effect on the Catholic Church in Germany has been profound ; people are leaving in droves , de-registering with the government department that levies an annual tax of 800 pounds each on worshippers to fund it .
A quarter of Catholics in Germany said in a recent survey they had lost faith in the Church leadership .
Pope Benedict XVI allegedly knew about one particularly disturbing paedophile case in the United States .
The Rev. Lawrence Murphy spent years molesting children at a school for the deaf in Wisconsin , but when the case came to the attention of the Vatican many years later , the Congregation for the Doctrine of the Faith , then led by Cardinal Ratzinger before he became pope , declined to take action .
The pope made no mention of the scandal during his pre-Easter mass at the Vatican yesterday .
Prêt PAS
Le Prêt d’Accession Sociale ( PAS ) cible les ménages les plus modestes afin de les aider à accéder à la propriété .
Il permet de financer l’intégralité de l’opération immobilière des personnes dont les revenus de l’avant - dernière année sont inférieurs aux plafonds fixés .
Ceux - ci sont déterminés en fonction de la localisation du bien immobilier .
Banks at risk of going bust tops 700
The number of lenders on the FDIC 's watch list continued to mount as banks grapple with loan troubles .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
More than 700 banks , or nearly one out of every 11 , are at risk of going under , according to a government report published Tuesday .
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. said that the number of banks on its so - called " problem list " climbed to 702 , its highest level since June 1993 .
The number of banks under scrutiny by regulators has moved steadily higher since the recession began .
Just 76 financial institutions were on the list in the fourth quarter of 2007 .
Banks that end up on the problem list are considered the most likely to fail because of difficulties with their finances , operations or management .
Still , few of the lenders that are on the list actually reach the point of failure .
In fact , just 13 % of banks on the list have been seized and shuttered by regulators .
The names of the banks on the list are never made available to the general public by regulators out of fear that depositors at those institutions may prompt a so - called " run on the bank . "
Banks have been hit hard by the troubles in the broader economy .
Nearly a third of the more than 8,000 lenders across the country reported a loss for the year , the FDIC reported Tuesday .
But FDIC Chairman Sheila
Bair acknowledged that while lenders are still grappling with rising losses and delinquent customers , the industry has managed to stage a dramatic comeback over the past year .
Banks collectively reported a relatively small profit of $ 914 million in the fourth quarter of 2009 .
During the fourth quarter of 2008 , banks lost a combined $ 32.1 billion .
" Usually a lack of profits is not considered a good result , but compared to the record loss the industry reported a year ago it represents a significant improvement , " she said during a press conference Tuesday .
But there is no indication things will improve anytime soon for the country 's top banking regulator .
With the FDIC having shuttered 20 banks so far this year , it is on track to seize at least as many financial institutions , if not more , as it did in 2009 .
Last year , the FDIC shut down a total of 140 lenders nationwide .
Bair confirmed that the pace of bank failures would pick up this year , which would likely put a further strain on the agency 's deposit insurance fund .
This fund , which covers customer deposits when a bank fails , slipped into red last fall for the first time since 1991 .
The fund 's deficit continued to balloon in the fourth quarter to nearly $ 21 billion - its largest deficit on record .
Last year , the agency took a variety of steps to help shore up the fund , including imposing a special assessment on all banks and having lenders prepay their insurance premiums for the next three years .
Bair said Tuesday that these steps , combined with some improvement in the sector , should mean that the fund will be able to handle further bank failures .
" Assuming we do n't have a significantly more adverse scenario than most people think , I think we will be in good shape this year and we will start seeing the deposit insurance fund balance go back up toward the end of the year , " she said .
Safe , soft grass for kids and pets , an oasis that invites birds and butterflies , a single bed to feed your love of tomatoes : when it comes to gardening , the possibilities are endless .
Metro breaks it down for you .
Learn ways to build healthy soil , cultivate thriving plants and handle those occasional challenges – like bugs or disease – without resorting to toxic pesticides that can harm kids , pets , waterways and wildlife .
Pledge to reduce or eliminate pesticides like " weed and feed " in your yard and receive a free yard sign and in honor of your commitment .
No basking in those rays ( Image : NASA / JPL - Caltech / R. Hurt ( SSC / Caltech ) )
Update 24 June 2010 : After reporting in April that a “ dark sun ” named UGPS 0722-05 was the closest brown dwarf to planet Earth ever found ( see below ) , researchers led by Philip Lucas of the University of Hertfordshire in Hatfield , UK have revised their claim .
Based on new parallax measurements , they now say the object is actually 13.3 light years away , not 9.6 as previously reported – which means a pair of brown dwarfs orbiting Epsilon Indi is closer ( arXiv : 1004.0317 ) .
The astronomers also raised their estimates of the brown dwarf ’s temperature – to between 205 and 285 °C , from 130 to 230 °C – and luminosity , upping their original estimate that it emits 0.000026 per cent as much energy as our sun to 0.000093 per cent .
A dim object less than 10 light years from Earth appears to be the closest brown dwarf yet found .
The “ star ” is so cold that any residents on an orbiting planet would see a dark sun in their starry “ daytime ” sky .
The discovery suggests that brown dwarfs are common and that the objects could exist even closer to Earth .
Advertisement
Brown dwarfs have so little mass that they never get hot enough to sustain the nuclear fusion reactions that power stars like the sun .
Still , they do shine , because they glow from the heat of their formation , then cool and fade .
Philip Lucas of the University of Hertfordshire in Hatfield , UK , and his colleagues discovered the brown dwarf , named UGPS 0722-05 , from the infrared radiation it gives off .
It is only about 9.6 light years from Earth , a bit more than twice as far as Proxima Centauri , our nearest star after the sun .
At that distance , it is the seventh closest star or star system to the sun .
Not since 1947 have astronomers uncovered a new star so close to Earth .
Parallax view
“ Great stuff ! ” says Todd Henry , a nearby - star researcher at Georgia State University in Atlanta , who was not part of the team .
“ This discovery is as cool as its temperature . ”
Lucas and his colleagues caution that their estimated distance is preliminary .
It is based on parallax , which offers a reliable method of deducing a star ’s distance from Earth : if an observer on Earth measures the star ’s position in the sky and then looks at it again months later , the star will appear to have moved slightly because it is being viewed from a different point in our planet ’s orbit around the sun .
Knowing the dimensions of Earth ’s orbit , astronomers can calculate the star ’s distance from the amount of its apparent movement .
But at the moment , Lucas and his colleagues do n’t have good enough parallax measurements to be sure of the brown dwarf ’s precise distance and could be a light year or so out .
In just a few weeks , however , new parallax observations should pin the distance down .
If the current distance estimate is right , the brown dwarf is closer than any other known .
The previous record - holder is a pair of brown dwarfs around the star Epsilon Indi , 11.8 light years from Earth .
Record breaker
The new brown dwarf breaks two other records as well .
It ’s the coldest brown dwarf ever seen , with a temperature of just 130 to 230 °C .
And it ’s the dimmest : it emits only 0.000026 per cent as much energy as our sun , and this energy emerges at infrared rather than visible wavelengths .
It would take 3.8 million of these brown dwarfs to equal the sun ’s power .
It is about the size of Jupiter , but its mass is 5 to 30 times greater .
The object ’s feeble nature explains why it has only now been spotted , despite its proximity .
It was found after surveying only a few per cent of the sky , which implies that many more brown dwarfs are lurking nearby undetected .
Journal reference : arxiv.org/abs/1004.0317
Government and Policy
China narrows definition of ' state secrets ' ( Xinhua )
Updated : 2010-04-30 17:13
BEIJING : China 's parliament on Thursday adopted a revision to the Law on Guarding State Secrets which narrowed the definition of " state secrets , " in an effort to boost transparency .
The amended law was approved by lawmakers at the end of the four - day bimonthly session of the National People 's Congress ( NPC ) Standing Committee , or the top legislature , after three reviews , the first of which began last June .
State secrets have a clearer definition in the amended law .
They are defined as information concerning state security and interests and , if leaked , would damage state security and interests in the areas of politics , economy and national defense , among others .
It also raises the level of government departments that can classify information a state secret .
The National Administration for the Protection of State Secrets and local bureaus above the county level are responsible for national and local classification , respectively .
Prof .
Wang Xixin at Peking University Law School said the number of state secrets will decline as fewer levels of government departments have the power to classify information as a state secret .
" It will help boost government transparency , " Wang said .
Local officials often use the excuse " state secrets " to avoid answering inquiries from the public properly .
After the amended law takes effect in October , governments under the county level will have to respond to public questioning with more openness and without the power to classify information as a state secret , Wang said .
According to the amended law , there will be more complicated but standardized procedures to classify information a state secret which will eliminate " random classification . "
The amended law also grants more responsibility to classification departments and units , which will be penalized if they do not properly classify information .
It also defines secrecy levels and authority limits , and clarifies time limits for differing levels of confidentiality and conditions for declassification .
It says the time limit for keeping top - level secrets should be no more than 30 years ; no more than 20 years for low - level state secrets ; and at most 10 years for ordinary state secrets .
Wang said reducing the number of state secrets will improve state secrets protection , as " the protection work would be difficult if there are many state secrets , and more manpower and resources would be used . "
" The more state secrets , the ' number ' the public will be , " he said .
He said the revision to the law also enhances China 's image on the international stage , as the country should narrow the gamut of state secret as it conducts increased international exchange .
The call to amend the state secrets law strengthened when the State Council issued a regulation on government transparency in May 2008 which said " a broad definition for state secrets " is not in line with the public 's right to know .
( CNN ) -- Iran may be working on secretly developing a nuclear warhead for a missile , the head of the United Nations ' nuclear watchdog agency said Thursday in a draft report .
It 's the first time that the the International Atomic Energy Agency has issued such a strong warning about current Iranian nuclear activities .
The statement is in an IAEA draft report obtained by CNN .
The report , dated Thursday , has not yet been approved by the board of governors of the IAEA .
It is the first report by the agency 's new director general , Yukiya Amano , who replaced Mohamed ElBaradei at the end of last year .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs , speaking to reporters aboard Air Force One , said the report " demonstrates for the world again the obligations [ Iran 's government is ] failing to live up to . "
Administration officials have " always said that if Iran failed to live up to those international obligations , that there would be consequences , " he said .
The paper lists a catalog of ways in which the Islamic state is allegedly defying U.N. orders about its nuclear program .
The United States and its allies fear that Iran aims to develop the capacity to build a nuclear bomb .
Iran denies it , saying its nuclear program is designed for civilian energy and medical use .
The agency previously expressed concerns about Iran 's past nuclear activities , but Thursday 's draft report seems to be the first time it has warned about current Iranian activities .
There was no immediate reaction from Iran 's government .
The report also noted that Iran began enriching uranium to a level at which it can sustain a nuclear reaction before IAEA inspectors arrived to monitor the process and in defiance of a specific request that it not do so .
The IAEA asked Iran earlier this month not to boost uranium enrichment to 20 percent " before the necessary additional safeguard procedures were in place , " it said in the report .
When inspectors arrived at the Natanz nuclear plant the next day , February 10 , " they were informed that Iran had already begun to feed the low enriched " uranium into the enrichment machinery the previous evening .
Iran needs to put more measures in place at Natanz so the IAEA can ensure it is not concealing nuclear material , the agency said in its report .
The IAEA also reported on the construction of a new nuclear plant , the Fordow plant near Qom .
No centrifuges have been introduced into the plant as of Tuesday , the report said .
Centrifuges are machines that spin at high speed , a part of the enrichment process .
Iran shocked the world in September by revealing it was working on the Fordow plant , which previously had been secret .
In Washington , Assistant Secretary of State P.J. Crowley noted that the report is the first one the IAEA has produced since the discovery of the secret nuclear facility at Qom .
" There is no explanation for that facility that is consistent with the needs of a civilian nuclear program .
And it characterizes the way in which Iran has conducted its ... relations with the IAEA and its failure to satisfactorily explain , you know , what its activities and ambitions are in the nuclear sphere , " he said .
Crowley said the conclusions of the report " are consistent " with arguments Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made in the Middle East during her visit this week .
" We have ongoing concerns about Iran 's activities , " Crowley said Thursday at the regular daily briefing at the State Department .
" We can not explain why it refuses to come to the table and engage constructively to answer the questions that have been raised , and you have to draw some conclusions from that . "
On Sunday , Clinton , speaking at the World Islamic Forum in Doha , Qatar , called for tougher actions against Iran after its announcement that it is stepping up production of highly enriched uranium .
" Iran has consistently failed to live up to its responsibilities , " Clinton said Sunday .
" It has refused to demonstrate to the international community that its nuclear program is entirely peaceful . "
In January , the Islamic republic refused to let international inspectors take samples of what it claimed was heavy water , the IAEA said in its report Thursday .
Heavy water can be a key component in making plutonium , according to the Federation of American Scientists .
The U.N. Security Council ordered Iran to suspend any work on heavy - water projects in 2006 .
The report highlighted concerns about rising tensions in the Middle East , particularly between Iran and Israel .
Israel has often been the object of rhetoric by Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad , who has said the Jewish state " must be wiped off the map " politically .
The United States has had to assure Israel that its interests will be protected to keep its military on the sidelines .
Former IAEA weapons inspector David Albright said Thursday that Iran 's behavior " has to make you worry more about a [ potential ] conflict . "
Iran appears to be " pushing " for concessions from the United States and other Western powers , he said .
" They 're pushing on things that make them look like they 're going for nuclear weapons , and that 's risky .
If they go much further , they may bring an attack on themselves by Israel .
Iran needs to be a little more careful about its actions , " Albright said .
But Michael Levi , a nuclear proliferation analyst at the Council on Foreign Relations , said in an interview that " in a sense , we should be pleased by this . "
" Having such a clear statement from an international body can only help develop a robust international response , " Levi said .
Levi said he does n't think " there 's anything in here that Israel did not already believe . "
" It should n't change Israel 's calculus .
To the extent that it can spur robust nonmilitary response , that makes military action potentially less necessary and therefore less likely , " Levi said .
Both Albright and Levi argued that the best response from the Obama administration would be to use the report to help build momentum for stronger international sanctions and diplomatic pressure .
" The good news is ... the nuclear program is running into some technical problems , which are slowing down their ability to produce enriched uranium , " a senior administration official told CNN Thursday .
" The bad news is that they seem to be increasing their lack of cooperation with the IAEA . "
Absent increased international pressure on Iran , " this program is heading more and more in the direction of seeking a weapons capability , " the senior official said , adding , " I think there 's less and less credibility to the Iranian statement that their program is peaceful and much stronger international recognition that we 're facing a country that 's seeking a nuclear weapons capability . "
On Tuesday , Ahmadinejad warned the United States and other nations not to impose tougher sanctions in reaction to Iran 's nuclear ambitions .
" It 's high time for some people to open their eyes and adapt themselves to real changes that are under way , " he said at a news conference in Tehran .
Asked specifically about the threat of tougher sanctions , Ahmadinejad said , " We prefer that they move in the spirit of cooperation .
It wo n't put us in trouble .
They themselves will get into trouble . "
Ahmadinejad also seemed to threaten unspecified retaliation , saying his country wo n't act like it has in the past .
" Definitely , we will show a reaction that will put them to shame , " he said .
The IAEA 's draft report became public on the same day that Vice President Joe Biden gave a speech in Washington warning about the dangers of nuclear proliferation .
" The spread of nuclear weapons is the greatest threat facing the country -- and I would argue facing humanity -- and that is why we are working both to stop their proliferation and eventually to eliminate them , " Biden said in remarks at National Defense University .
CNN 's dan Lothian , Charley Keyes and Alan Silverleib contributed to this report
A spooked elephant killed its trainer at a Shriner circus in Wilkes - Barre , Pennsylvania .
" In 30 years I 've been doing my vending , I 've never heard an animal killing their trainer and all , " said a balloon vendor .
The show will go on .
Circus members observed a moment of silence for the elephant handler who died , WBRE reported .
The circus , however , made a decision almost immediately after the death that the performance would go on .
PETA , meanwhile , issued a statement saying the accident " should come as no surprise " given circuses ' track records with animal abuse .
[ CNN , Getty photo for illustrative purposes only .
The photographed elephant is performing a trick , and , to the best of our knowledge , did not injure anyone . ]
Oh , but I hate it when the Internets fight !
The argument rending my family — and you are all family , to me — it seems so unnecessary .
Right now , it is broadly missummarised as : a ) you hate my iPad because you ’re old geeks who ca n’t get hep and want all my family to struggle with the command line , and b ) you love your iPad because you HATE FREEDOM and are TOO DUMB to OPERATE a PROPER MANUAL LOOM and are Steve Job ’s LITTLE CONSUMERIST POODLE THE SIZE OF WILLIAM GIBSON ’S BABY HIPPO .
Here ’s how to end this pain .
Imagine an iPad .
It ’s the same iPad , built by Jobs and Ives and the rest of Apple in absolute secrecy , beholden to no -one , built on proprietary MacOS and unicorns and last Xerox Silmaril ’s gleaming .
It has the same Apple App store , same SDK , same no filing system , same no multitasking , same whatever .
Only buried deep in the Settings , buried under “ Battery Percentage ” , “ Factory Reset ” , there ’s an option that says “ Allow Third - Party Applications ” .
Its default is not to allow that .
But you can flip it to say “ yes ” .
That ’s it .
Apple does n’t have to put that option in .
But if they did , I think most of us who are discomfited by the iPad would feel a lot less weirded out .
And I guess the question is : are those who are angered by the negative iPad response think that one concession would instantly sink it , in terms of usability and being “ the future of technology ” , and so on ?
After all , both Cory Doctorow and John Gruber want Hypercard .
Right now , Hypercard would violate Apple ’s ban on interpreted content on the iPhone OS .
What would happen if Apple changed its policy just a little , to allow us to have one fewer gatekeepers again ?
Would that be okay ?
Could we all learn to love one another again ?
Thomas Dalton ’s current TOO article “ Environment , Immigration , and Population Reduction “ reflects an intellectual movement that was for some time centered around the academic journal Population and Environment , especially when it was edited by Virginia Abernethy and later by me .
The basic idea is that in the long run the human population will have to be scaled back in order to come into line with Earth ’s carrying capacity .
An immediate implication of this perspective is that countries like the United States would have to institute an immigration moratorium .
As things stand now , all predictions are for a massive increase in US population by 2050 , almost entirely due to immigration .
The figure accompanying the article , from a paper by two academics , David Pimentel of Cornell and Mario Giampiettro of the University of Rome , projects a US population of 520 million by 2050 if current increases of 1.1 % per year are maintained .
Recently Lindsey Grant , another major figure in this movement , has distributed a new paper on this topic .
He notes that the population restriction movement gained some traction in the 1970s but declined thereafter , and that recently the US State Department commented that “ The U.S. does not endorse population ‘ stabilization ’ or ‘ control . ’ ”
There is absolutely no discussion of reduction of legal immigration despite high levels of unemployment and wages that have been stagnant for a generation .
Instead , as the LA Times reports today , the Obama administration and its Congressional allies are gearing up to legalize illegal immigrants , a policy that will hugely inflate US population as these people bring their relatives here .
Grant also points to economic realities : “ The past 35 years have been a period of soaring incomes for the wealthy , stagnant hourly wages for most people , income differentials rising to levels that a humane observer would call obscene . ”
Rising commodity prices of the last few years are a harbinger of scarcity .
Unemployment is increasing : “ To keep up with population growth in those two years , we should have added about 1.2 million jobs , rather than losing nearly nine million .
The “ good ” months are those when the job loss slows down .
January was a ‘ good ’ month ; only 22,000 jobs disappeared .
What kind of recovery is that ? ”
( For February , the loss was 36,000 , a report that was greeted as encouraging by the Obama administration . )
On the basis of US Labor Department statistics , he points out that the real unemployment level is 16.8 percent of the labor force , and much higher for minorities and youth .
One could say much else about the economic irrationality of current immigration policy .
In attempting to explain why there are no attempts to have a population policy , he points to five reasons :
First , the national addiction to growth and the dream of rising prosperity .
Second , the political fears of alienating Hispanic voters , business , and their allies by tackling immigration levels .
Third , the increased assertiveness of interest groups that oppose governmental population policies on principle ( such as the Vatican ) or , like the feminists at Cairo , do not want population policy advocates diverting attention from their priorities , or who oppose governmental involvement in women ’s decisions about child bearing .
Fourth , the defection of most of the U.S. environmental movement from population advocacy , for fear of losing support from the people I have just described , or from immigration advocates .
Fifth , the present confrontational climate in Washington , which dictates that politicians avoid any positions that might lose votes .
I think this is basically right .
A population policy that included an immigration moratorium flies in the face powerful ethnic and economic interests , as well as a deeply embedded view of perpetual expansion that is very common across the political spectrum .
Of course , I would add a prominent role for Jewish ethnic interests in leading and funding the pro-immigration movement as well as providing support for immigration among media and academic elites .
( It ’s amazing that it ’s okay to mention Catholics , Latinos , feminists and business interests but would never mention the role of Jewish ethnic interests . )
A notorious example related to environmental and population policy is David Gelbaum ’s $ 100 million donation to the Sierra Club on condition that they not oppose immigration .
As Gelbaum famously said to the president of the Sierra Club , “ ” I did tell [ Sierra Club President ]
Carl Pope in 1994 or 1995 that if they ever came out anti-immigration , they would never get a dollar from me . ”
It ’s interesting that the global warming hysteria did manage to recruit the backing of elites in government and business without offending the coalition of interests promoting a head - in - the - sands policy on population .
( Headline you wo n’t see : Al Gore Proposes Immigration Moratorium To Combat Global Warming . )
After all , one could argue that a good way for the US to reduce greenhouse gas emissions would be to lower its population , especially since , as Dalton points out , the US has such a large ecological footprint .
Immigrants coming to the US will typically have a larger footprint than if they had stayed at home , and , as Virginia Abernethy has point out many times , this increase in prosperity is typically accompanied by increased fertility —
Life is good compared to what you grew up with .
Have babies .
At present , Latino fertility is 50 % higher than White , non-Latino fertility .
Nevertheless , global warming became a pillar of the left — even though the data supporting it are iffy at best and even though dealing with global warming requires the same sort of long range planning and drastic social changes also entailed by taking carrying capacity seriously .
All told , it ’s a nice comment on where the power is .
As a result , as things stand now , in 2050 , not only will the US have a minority
White population , it will have a population that is well beyond sustainability .
Ethnic conflict will increase in multicultural , White - minority America even in the absence of sustainability issues .
But the conflict will be even more intense as resources diminish and humans are forced to find ways to reduce population .
As always , conflict will center around ethnic identities .
It ’s not going to be pretty .
[ / caption ]
Space shuttle Discovery ’s landing was delayed a day because of uncooperative weather at Kennedy Space Center and the crew of STS - 131 will try again on Tuesday to land .
But in the meantime the delay provides a great opportunity to look back at the very successful mission with a set of amazing pictures from space .
This beautiful image , top , shows the station ’s robotic Canadarm2 grappling the Leonardo Multi- purpose Logistics Module ( MPLM ) from the payload bay of the docked Discovery for relocation to a port on the Harmony node of the International Space Station .
The bright sun and Earth ’s horizon provide the backdrop for the scene , while the Canadian - built Dextre robot looks on .
Enjoy a gallery of images , below .
Clay works outside the ISS during STS - 131 ’s first EVA .
During the six - hour , 27 - minute spacewalk , Anderson and Rick Mastracchio ( visible in the reflection of Anderson ’s helmet visor ) , mission specialist , helped move a new 1,700 - pound ammonia tank from space shuttle Discovery ’s cargo bay to a temporary parking place on the station , retrieved an experiment from the Japanese Kibo Laboratory exposed facility and replaced a Rate Gyro Assembly on one of the truss segments .
Discovery and the International Space Station are in the midst of their rendezvous and docking activities in this image photographed by an Expedition 23 crew member aboard the ISS .
Part of a docked Russian spacecraft can be seen in the foreground .
Astronaut Soichi Noguchi has taken some of the most incredible images while on the ISS .
Here ’s one more awesome shot of Discovery while docked to the ISS during the STS - 131 mission .
Compare this image , above , of Commander Alan Poindexter and Pilot Jim Dutton in the “ real ” shuttle cockpit , to below , the shuttle simulator .
This mission brought together two Japanese astronauts Soichi Noguchi , Expedition 23 flight engineer ; and Naoko Yamazaki ( right ) , STS - 131 mission specialist ; along NASA astronaut Stephanie Wilson ,
A unique view of a part of the ISS , backdropped by the blackness of space and Earth ’s horizon .
Visible are the Japanese Kibo complex of and a set of solar arrays .
This image was photographed by an STS - 131 crew member while space shuttle Discovery was docked with the station .
The microgravity environment of space provides a great place to play — experimenting with a water is always fun and it likely happens every mission !
For the first time , four women were in space together during the STS - 131 mission , with three from the shuttle crew and one from the ISS .
Pictured clockwise ( from the lower right ) are NASA astronauts Dorothy Metcalf - Lindenburger , Stephanie Wilson , both STS - 131 mission specialists ; and Tracy Caldwell Dyson , Expedition 23 flight engineer ; along with Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) astronaut Naoko Yamazaki , STS - 131 mission specialist .
Love this image of the STS - 131 crew in the Cupola .
Pictured counter - clockwise ( from top left ) are NASA astronauts Alan Poindexter , commander ; James P. Dutton Jr. , pilot ; Dorothy Metcalf - Lindenburger , Rick Mastracchio , Japan Aerospace Exploration Agency ( JAXA ) astronaut Naoko Yamazaki , NASA astronauts Clayton Anderson and Stephanie Wilson .
Back to where the mission started , with a great time - lapse image of Discovery ’s launch for STS - 131 .
For more great launch images , see our launch gallery from Universe Today photographer Alan Walters and writer Ken Kremer , who were both at the launch .
It ’s official — federal agencies can now require that contractors be unionized to bid on large federal construction projects .
A ruling sent down by the White House on Tuesday finalized an Executive Order President Obama signed last year , which promotes the use of Project Labor Agreements ( PLAs ) on federal contracts .
PLAs are pre-hire , collective - bargaining agreements with unions that establish terms of a large contract .
Supporters say PLAs ensure stability on large - scale projects by preventing strikes and delays .
Economist Jared Bernstein blogged on the White House Middle Class Task Force Web site , “ PLAs also help ensure compliance with laws and regulations governing workplace safety and health , equal employment opportunity and labor and employment standards . ”
Critics argue they needlessly raise costs and are a handout to unions .
“ Essentially the administration is picking winners and losers , and we have 25 percent unemployment in the construction industry , ” said Ben Brubeck , director of labor and federal procurement at Associated Builders and Contractors , a construction trade organization .
More than 85 percent of the construction industry is not unionized .
While the ruling is not a mandate , it encourages agencies to require union labor on any projects with more than $ 25 million in federal funding .
PLAs require that all contractors who want to bid pay union wages and benefits .
They effectively prevent non-union shops from bidding .
“ As a public works company we ’re already required to pay a prevailing wage , ” said Mark Compton , director of government affairs at American Infrastructure , a heavy construction company in Worcester , Pa .
“ It ’s not an issue of us paying people less , the idea that you get away with paying employees less than federal wages is just inaccurate . ”
Prevailing wage laws are set at the local level for employees in various industries .
Employers have to provide certified payrolls for projects that have prevailing wage requirements .
“ We work alongside unions a lot , they often subcontract to us — it ’s not a matter of who is capable or not .
We have a lot of respect for them and many contractors in the area choose to be union .
Because our employees did not opt for union representation we are at a disadvantage , ” Compton said .
American Infrastructure employs 1,500 people and says 80 percent of its contracts involved some level of state or federal funds .
Compton said PLAs stifle competition : “ If it ’s your home , would you rather have five bidding or two ?
I ’m not here to tell you the unions are n’t qualified to do this work , we compete against them every day and sometimes they beat us and sometimes we beat them , but eliminating competition is discrimination . ”
“ PLAs raise costs — you ’re looking at four schools for the price of five , or four bridges for the price of five , ” he said .
“ We have to go back to our employees , who are taxpayers , and tell them that they are n’t good enough to work on a project that is funded by their tax money , ” said Compton .
“ Some of them have 10 , 20 , 30 years as a taxpaying employee of our company , and I have to tell them we ca n’t bid on these jobs now . ”
Email Aleksandra
All six Toyota veterans around the table agreed :
The memo they were about to send to senior management could damage their careers .
The workers had recognized a troubling trend .
In recent years , the automaker had kicked into high gear to fill the booming U.S. demand for smaller , more gas - efficient vehicles .
The union men had watched the company take what they believed were dangerous safety and manpower shortcuts to lower costs and boost production .
Alienating bosses could make the men company pariahs .
But they knew they had to sound the alarm .
From 2000 to 2005 , their memo pointed out , Toyota had recalled more than 5 million cars -- 36 % of all sold vehicles , a rate higher than other companies .
Advertisement
Toyota ’s failure to act , the two - page notice warned , may “ become a great problem that involves the company ’s survival . ”
They added : “ We are concerned about the processes which are essential for producing safe cars , but that ultimately may be ignored , with production continued in the name of competition . ”
They presented theletterto management and held their breath .
But they need n’t have worried .
Toyota never responded .
“ They completely ignored us , ” recalled Tadao Wakatsuki , 62 , a veteran assembly line worker who formed the union .
“ That ’s the Toyota way . ”
Advertisement
Over the years , even before the recent worldwide recalls , Toyota was warned about declining product quality and worsening working conditions at its Japanese plants .
The warnings came not only from Wakatsuki ’s union , but from the widow of a 30 - year - old Toyota worker who dropped dead at his desk and from an auto industry activist known as the Ralph Nader of Japan .
In 2008 , the National Labor Committee , a U.S. human - rights advocacy group , released a 65 - page report titled “ The Toyota You Do n’t Know , ” detailing what it alleged were serious human - rights violations .
The report linked Toyota to human trafficking and sweatshop abuse in connection with its importing of foreign guest workers from China and Vietnam to work in its Japanese factories .
Advertisement
Many are pressured to work overtime without pay , the report claimed , adding that there were signs similar practices were emerging in the United States .
“ Toyota is imposing its two - tier , low - wage model at its nonunion plants in the south ” of the U.S. , the report read , “ which will result in wages and benefits being slashed across the entire auto industry . ”
Toyota officials said they could not confirm they received the memo but declined to comment further .
“ Communication is the backbone of our labor - management relations , ” company spokesman Paul Nolasco said in Tokyo .
Advertisement
Assembly line worker Wakatsuki has seen what he calls the deterioration in working conditions and product quality .
In an interview , he listed a litany of concerns , including outsourcing key design work and shortening the trial - and - error period for new cars .
“ We used to test every one of our cars for safety and quality , ” said the rail - thin Wakatsuki , a 45 - year Toyota veteran .
“ Now we do maybe 60 % .
The old 100 % is a thing of the past . ”
Believing that Toyota ’s unions were too compliant with management , Wakatsuki in 2006 formed the All Toyota Labor Union , which opened its ranks to contract and part - time workers ignored by the major labor group .
Advertisement
He created a website to publicize his views .
Then , in the fall of 2006 , six founding members drafted a memo warning Toyota about an impending disaster .
After consulting technicians around the company , they also provided a detailed plan of action .
“ Our responsibility as a labor union was to point out these problems that Toyota should have known about .
People were overworked ; some were committing suicide , ” he said .
“ Of course , Toyota did nothing , but looking back we see how important this was .
We just told them what we saw . ”
Hiroko Uchino ’s complaint with Toyota was n’t over its products .
She believes its workplace environment killed her husband .
In 2002 , at age 30 , the father of two collapsed at his desk of sudden heart failure .
It was 4:30 a.m. and Kenichi Uchino had finished his assembly line shift hours earlier .
But as a team leader , he was responsible for completing his paperwork on his own time .
Advertisement
The pattern had long concerned Uchino , who routinely worked 14 hours a day .
In his final month , his wife says , he worked 144 hours of unpaid overtime , a common practice known as “ service to the company . ”
In 2007 , a Japanese court ruled Uchino had died from karoshi -- he had literally worked himself to death .
In an interview , Hiroko Uchino described the pain of watching her husband ’s energy ebb , how he went right to bed after work rather than play with his children or wash and wax his precious van .
“ He used to tell me ‘ I ’m tired , I ’m tired , but what can I do ?
There ’s no way out . ’
He used to be such a happy person .
But in the end , he stopped smiling , ” she recalled .
Advertisement
Two years ago , Uchinosneakedinto a Toyota stockholder ’s meeting to confront then - President Katsuaki Watanabe .
During a Q&A session , she got her chance : Without mentioning her husband by name , she challenged Watanabe about unpaid overtime .
“ He did n’t have an answer , ” she said .
“ He just turned to an underling and said they would look into it . ”
Nolasco said the company takes the death serious and said Toyota was “ committed to strengthening measures meant to prevent work - related injury or harm ” but did not elaborate .
Advertisement
One of Toyota ’s most vocal critics is automobile consumer advocate Fumio Matsuda , often called his nation ’s Ralph Nader , who in 1970 formed the Japan Automobile Consumer Union .
Now 84 , the former Nissan quality control engineer has spent decades monitoring Toyota and Japan ’s other carmakers .
He calls Toyota ’s business practices the most secretive of all .
In the past , he said , Toyota sponsored “ secret recalls , ” asking owners to visit dealers for vehicle checkups , a ploy that allowed them to replace defective parts and then charge the owner for the work .
Advertisement
“ Everything Toyota does is hidden , ” he said .
Matsuda said he believed that Toyota also knew of defects involved in the most recent recall long before going public .
“ I believe there will eventually be criminal charges , ” he said .
“ They knew there were problems with their cars , but they did n’t do anything until they were pressured . ”
john.glionna@latimes.com
Deutsche Telekom , which owns T - Mobile is one of the four bidders
Four mobile phone firms have started bidding in Europe 's first major auction for fourth generation ( 4G ) spectrum .
The amount raised by the German government is expected to be well below the 50bn euros ( £ 44bn ; $ 68 bn ) made from auctioning 3G licences in 2000 .
But the demand is strong , with analysts expecting the government to make between 5bn and 10bn euros .
Operators are hoping 4G will bring near - broadband speed technology to mobile phones .
This could mean ten - times faster downloads than 3G , bringing better videos and games to mobiles .
Germany is Europe 's biggest mobile phone market in terms of total customers and four network providers - T - Mobile Deutschland , Vodafone D2 , Royal KPN's E - Plus and Telefonica O2 Germany - will be bidding for 4G spectrum .
The 4G technology , also known as Long Term Evolution ( LTE ) will mean that the extra data traffic generated by technologies such as broadband will be transferred on these operators ' networks at faster speeds .
However , there is still a question mark over whether it will deliver better mobile services for consumers , according to Michael Kovacocy , European telecoms analyst , Daiwa Capital Markets .
" LTE promises to deliver a near fixed - line internet experience over mobile phones .
From an operator 's perspective , the technology may allow them to provide data services at a lower cost , " he says .
" This auction will be a good indication of how much operators going to pay for licences throughout Europe and how serious they are in developing their mobile broadband vision . "
Mr Kovacocy says that this auction will be followed by other major markets including the UK .
" The question is whether BT , a fixed line provider , will enter the auction in the UK .
It 's already a very crowded market that 's very competitive . "
Ext2Fsd is an ext2 file system driver for Windows ( 2 k , XP , Vista and Win7 ) .
It ’s a free software .
Anyone can modify or distribute it under GPL2 .
Features Ext2Fsd supports : ext2/ext3 volume reading & writing ext3 journal replay when mounting various codepage : utf8 , cp936 , cp950 … mountpoint automatical assignment large inode size : 128 , 256 , … large file size bigger than 4G CIFS sharing over network htree directory indexing ext4 extent read - only , no size truncating and expanding support Fast fsck ( uninit_bg ) and group block checksum support 64 k block - size , support compatible to Linux ext4 and e2fsprogs OS : 2 k , xp , vista , server 2003/ 2008 , win7 Features Ext2 Fsd does n’t support : fully ext3 journal support ext4 extent support LVM and Linux raid ( md ) NT4 is no longer supported .
Unemployment on the rise in virtually every US urban area
By Hiram Lee
23 March 2010
A new report from the US Bureau of Labor Statistics ( BLS ) sheds new light on the unemployment crisis facing hundreds of urban areas in the United States .
According to the report , released March 19 , the unemployment rates in a staggering 363 out of 372 metropolitan areas were higher in January than they were a year before .
Thirty - five metropolitan areas registered official jobless rates of 15 percent , placing them well above the official national unemployment rate , which stood at 10.6 percent in January , up from 8.5 percent one year earlier .
At least 187 metropolitan areas reported unemployment rates of 10 percent or more in January .
Of the 35 areas with jobless rates of 15 percent , 15 were located in California , and 6 in Michigan ( which has one - quarter of California ’s population ) .
California was also home to the three metropolitan areas with the highest unemployment rates : El Centro , with 27.3 percent ; Merced , with 21.7 percent ; and Yuba City , with 20.8 percent .
The metropolitan area formed by Los Angeles , Long Beach and Santa Ana , California , lost 248,600 jobs last year , more than any other metro area .
Other areas suffering large numbers of job losses included the New York City - Northern New Jersey - Long Island area , where 224,220 jobs were eliminated ; Chicago - Joliet - Naperville in Illinois , Indiana and Wisconsin : 174,700 jobs lost ; and San Francisco - Oakland - Fremont in California , with a loss of 103,100 jobs .
In the 49 metropolitan areas in the US that have a population of 1 million people or more , the area comprised of Detroit , Warren and Livonia , Michigan , and the area in California made up of Riverside , San Bernardino and Ontario have the highest unemployment rates , with 15.6 and 15 percent , respectively .
Within the Detroit - Warren - Livonia area , Detroit - Livonia - Dearborn suffers from an official jobless rate of 16.4 percent and Warren - Troy - Farmington Hills , 15 percent .
The latter metropolitan division underwent one of the most severe over - the - year percentage decreases in employment , 4.9 percent .
Rockford , Illinois , struggling with the loss of construction and manufacturing jobs , saw the greatest increase in the unemployment rate of any metropolitan area , rising 5.8 percentage points in one year .
The city currently has a jobless rate just under 20 percent .
To get a sense of the conditions and living standards facing those areas where the economic crisis has caused soaring levels of unemployment , and the devastating implications they hold for workers , one has only to look at the example of Michigan , which has the highest unemployment rate in the US .
In Detroit , devastated by the collapse of the auto industry , workers are faced with few job opportunities and the disintegration of the social institutions around which their communities and lives have been organized .
Dozens of schools face closure in what amounts to an all - out assault on public education , while plans to open dozens of private and semi-private charter schools are currently underway .
More than 100 public schools in all have been closed in Detroit since 2006 .
Complementing the city ’s efforts to dismantle public education , the Detroit Medical Center , the state ’s largest hospital system that provides health care for a significant portion of the uninsured , is to be sold to the for - profit Vanguard Health Systems hospital chain , placing access to health care by the city ’s poor in still greater danger .
An article in the Detroit Free Press on Monday sums up what workers can expect from newly restructured communities organized for the benefit of profit interests .
The description has relevance for metro areas across the country : “ Multi - community police and fire agencies , fewer city libraries and community centers , bare - bones local governments and maybe higher taxes ....
It ’s a scenario that experts across the region say is likely in the next decade as metro Detroit municipalities stare down declining property values and rising budget shortfalls . ”
A Website in a Minute Using Dancer , the Effortless Web Framework
While Perl has a few heavy hitters in the web framework world ( Catalyst , Jifty , CGI : : App ) , sometimes they can seem like overkill .
When writing a light web service or a high - end but not - as - complex website , you might want something smaller and simpler .
This is where Dancer comes in .
Dancer is a web framework whose purpose is to let you get a website up and running within a minute , if not sooner .
It started as a port of Ruby ’s Sinatra but has since took its own path .
Dancer supports
Plack / PSGI from an early version and has a built - in scaffolding script to help you get up and running within seconds .
It creates deployment scripts for you , includes a guide for deployment situations to help you configure your webserver ( whether Perlbal , Apache , Lighttpd or anything else you might care to use ) and has a default clean design to help you prototype your website faster .
Dancing
The best way to learn , understand , and fall in love with Dancer is to get on the dance floor :
$ cpan Dancer # or cpanp , or cpanm $ dancer -a MyApp + ./ MyApp + MyApp/views + MyApp/views/index.tt + MyApp/views / layouts + MyApp/views / layouts / main.tt + MyApp/environments + MyApp/environments/development.yml + MyApp/environments/production.yml + MyApp/config.yml + MyApp/app.psgi + MyApp/MyApp.pm + MyApp/MyApp.pl + MyApp/public + MyApp/public/css + MyApp/public/css/style.css + MyApp/public/css/error.css + MyApp/public / images + MyApp/public /404.html + MyApp/public/dispatch.fcgi + MyApp/public/dispatch.cgi + MyApp/public/500.html
The dancer application creates a views folder , which contains layout and templates .
It contains sane defaults you can use to start .
It also creates a config .
yaml file and an environments folder for environment - specific configurations .
MyApp.pm and MyApp.pl are the main application files .
MyApp.pl includes a built - in webserver for the development ( or even deployment ! ) of your application .
The public folder contains default CSS and images .
This directory tree includes a few other interesting files ; these are dispatchers for various backends .
The PSGI dispatcher is app.psgi .
The CGI and FCGI dispatchers are public / dispatch.cgi and public / dispatch.fcgi , respectively .
Look in MyApp/ MyApp.pm .
Dancing really is this simple !
package MyApp ; use Dancer ; get '/' => sub { template ' index ' ; } ; true ;
What does this all mean ?
Routes
Dancer uses the notion of routes to specify the paths your users might take in your website .
All you need in order to write a Dancer application is to define routes .
Routes are not only simple , but concise and versatile .
They support variables ( named matching , wildcard matching ) , regular expressions and even conditional matching .
Here are a few examples :
get '/' => sub { return ' hello world ! ' ; } ;
This route defines the root path of the application .
If someone reaches http://example.com/, it will match this route .
The word get signifies the HTTP method ( GET ) for which the path exists .
If you use a web form , you need a route for a POST method :
post ' /user/add /' => sub { # create a user using the data from the form } ;
There are a few more methods ( del for DELETE , put for PUT ) .
You can also use any to provide a single route for all HTTP methods or for several specific methods :
any [ ' get ' , ' post ' ] => sub { # both post and get will reach here !
} ;
Variables are clean and simple :
get ' /user/view/:username /' => sub { my $ username = params -> {username} ; template ' users ' => { username => $ username } ; } ;
This route matches http://example.com/user/view/variable/, while variable can be of any type .
Of course , you can write a more complex wildcard matching :
get '/ download /*.*' => sub { # we extract the wild card matching using splat my ( $ file , $ ext ) = splat ; } ;
If you feel rambunctious , you can define a regular expression :
get r( '/ hello / ( [ \w ] + ) ' ) => sub { my ( $ name ) = splat ; } ;
Note that in these examples , the splat keyword returns the values that the wildcards ( the * used in routes ) or regular expressions ( declared with r( ) ) match .
As a convenience , note also that you do not have to escape the forward slash regex delimiters used in r( ) ;
Dancer escapes them for you .
Multiple Routes
When writing many routes , you might find it easier to separate them to different files according to their prefixes .
Dancer provides prefix and load to help you with that .
# in main Dancer application : load ' UserRoutes.pm ' ; # in UserRoutes.pm : use Dancer ' : syntax ' ; # importing just the syntax to create routes prefix ' / user ' ; get ' / view / ' => sub { ... } ; get ' / edit / ' => sub { ... } ; get '/ delete / ' => sub { ... } ;
These will match http://example.com/user/view/,
http://example.com/user/edit/ and http://example.com/user/delete/, respectively .
Built for scalability
Dancer has a built - in route caching mechanism , making sure that even when you have a lot of routes , it will be able to serve them at almost the same speed as though you had only a few routes .
This means that even if you have 600 routes , you do not have to worry about your application being slow !
Variables
Dancer supports internal variables .
Declare them with var , and you can later fetch them inside your routes :
var waiter => ' sawyer ' ; get ' / welcome / ' => sub { my $ name = vars -> { waiter} ; return " Hi , I 'm $ name and I 'll be your waiter this evening . " ; } ;
Filters
Sometimes you want to be able to specify code to run before any route .
KiokuDB , for example , requires you to make a scope whenever you want to work with the database .
This is easy to automate with the before filter :
before sub { var scope => $ dir->new_scope ; } ;
Another common technique is to verify a session :
before sub { if ( ! session ( ' user ' ) && request -> path_info !~ m{^/login} ) { #
Pass the original path requested along to the handler : var requested_path => request -> path_info ; request -> path_info ( '/ login' ) ; } } ;
Templates
Dancer will return to the user agent whatever you return from a route , just like PSGI does .
“ Hello , world ! ” in Dancer is :
get '/' => sub { ' Hello , world ! ' } ;
Plain text is n’t always what you want , so Dancer has powerful support for templates .
There are various template engines available ( Template : : Toolkit , Template : : Tiny , Tenjin , Text : : Haml , and Mason , to name a few ) .
Dancer also provides a default simple template engine called Dancer : : Template : : Simple .
This gives you a simple self - contained template engine at no additional cost !
The template keyword allows you to specify which template to process and which variables to pass to the template :
get ' /user / view / :name ' => sub { my $ name = params -> {name} ; # Dancer adds .tt automatically , but this is configurable template ' show_user ' => { name => $ name , user => get_user ( $name ) , } ; } ;
Dancer automatically supplies you an encompassing layout for your templates , much like Template ’s WRAPPER option .
This built - in template means you can use the layout with other template engines , such as Template : : Tiny .
Dancer accomplishes this by rendering two templates : the one you provided and a ( configurable ) layout template .
The layout template gets the output of rendering your template as a content variable , then embeds that content in the general page layout .
The default templates that come with Dancer demonstrate this point very well .
Here ’s main .tt , the default layout :
< html >< head ><!-- some default css --></head > < body > <% content %> </ body > </html >
Serializers make RESTing easier
Serializers are a new feature in Dancer ( available since version 1.170 ) .
They allow automatic serialization for your output in various forms ( Data : : Dumper , YAML , or JSON ) to shorten the amount of code you have to write in your application .
When programming a RESTful service , the JSON serializer cuts down much of your code by automatically serializing your output .
This makes your server - side AJAX code much more efficient and less boilerplate code for you to write .
File uploads are fun
File uploads exist since version 1.170 .
Within a route , write :
# several files my @files = request -> upload ( ) ; # single file my $ file = request -> upload ( ) ; # then you can do several things with that file $ file -> copy_to ( ' / my/upload/folder' ) ; my $ fh = $ file -> file_handle ; my $ content = $ file -> content ; my $ filename = $ file -> filename ;
Easy configuration
You can configure everything ( logging , session handling , template layout , file locations ) in Dancer using the main configuration file ( appdir / config.yml ) .
There are configuration files for your specific environment ( production and development ) and you can provide environment - specific configurations in the corresponding file ( appdir / environments / development.yml , for example ) .
Summary
While Dancer is still evolving , it is already a production - ready simple - yet - powerful web framework lets you get from zero to web in record time .
Put on your dancing shoes , define your steps , and bust a move !
Dancer is available on the CPAN ( Dancer ) , and Dancer development takes place on Github .
It 's inappropriate for any elected official , and certainly a big - city mayor , to tell constituents that the way their tax dollars are spent is of no importance .
But that 's what Oakland Mayor Ron Dellums appeared to be saying last week when he told a Chronicle reporter that a state audit about how the city had handled $ 3 million in federal job training stimulus funds was " much ado about nothing , man . "
" It 's an accounting matter , " the mayor said .
He went even further , criticizing the news media for highlighting field trips to the Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk and a Concord water park that were paid for with federal stimulus funds intended for job training .
Oakland claims the field trips were allowable expenses ; the state says the money was misspent .
" Get over it , " the mayor said after a news conference in which he announced yet another $ 3 million grant of federal stimulus dollars to help clean up Lake Merritt .
In the middle of the nation 's worst economic depression in the last 70 years ?
Not likely , Mr. Mayor .
If anything , Dellums ' comments are more a reflection of his own failure to connect with the needs of his constituents at a time of public and private financial crises .
Oakland is a city with an 18.3 percent unemployment rate , which is nearly twice the national average .
It 's completely reasonable that citizens would raise concerns about how tax dollars are being used , especially in the wake of a government agency report that raises questions about such spending .
Interestingly enough , " get over it " was n't the mayor 's reaction on April 19 , when he first learned of state Inspector General Laura Chick 's intention to release the audit findings .
" I got a call from his office saying he wanted to meet , and I directed staff to set up a phone call , " Chick said .
" The next thing I knew his office was back on the phone saying the meeting had to be in person , and he would be driving here . "
Chick would not disclose the gist of the meeting , but it 's safe to say Dellums was not there to encourage her to publicly release the bad news .
Dellums ' response to the state audit findings is eerily similar to his public reaction when it was revealed in November that the Internal Revenue Service had slapped a $ 239,000 lien on his property due to unpaid tax bills in 2005 , 2006 and 2007 .
Dellums issued a statement saying , " The matter is being dealt with and will be resolved in short order . "
A month later , the IRS added a $ 13,000 lien for unpaid taxes in 2008 .
Now , most people would not allow anyone with a financial track record like that to manage the cookie jar account in their home , let alone place fiduciary responsibility for a multimillion - dollar job training program in his office , but that 's the arrangement here in Oakland .
The expenditure of federal funds provided to Oakland by the Workforce Investment Act and the performance those programs yielded have been a point of contention in Oakland since the program began in 1998 .
In the past year , the Oakland City Council appointed District Two 's Pat Kernighan to the Oakland WIB board to serve as its eyes and ears .
Some council members have complained that performance reports have not been consistently generated .
There is no guarantee that a regime change in Oakland City Hall will create efficient programs , policies and rules , or that funding will always be expended for its intended use , but it 's the logical place to start .
And if there is one thing Oakland residents , business owners and elected officials concerned about the adequate use of federal funds need to " get over , " it would be one of the most lackluster , shoddy and inconsistent leadership efforts in recent city history .
And whether Dellums seeks re-election or stands idly by on the sidelines , mirroring much of his four - year term , the people of Oakland are about seven months away from getting over the city 's single biggest obstacle of the past four years .
Calciopoli Debate :
It is about time Juventus questioned why they were relegated & stripped of two Scudetti
Calciopoli has dominated the news in recent weeks , and Carlo Garganese believes it is about time Juventus questioned the punishments handed out to them in 2006 …
Please note this is a feature - length editorial
On Wednesday afternoon , Juventus issued a statement in which they called for a review of the Calciopoli crisis of 2006 .
“ With the utmost respect for the legal proceedings currently in progress , Juventus will carefully evaluate with its lawyers the relevance of new evidence , ” read the statement on the official club website .
“ We wish to guarantee , both in the sporting and non-sporting jurisdictions , the most accurate protection of its history and its fans .
“ Juventus trust that the institutions and justice system will know how to ensure equal treatment for all , which is what the club and its defence lawyers asked for during the trial of 2006 . ”
Four years ago Italian football was rocked by the Calciopoli scandal .
Juventus suffered more than any other team .
They were stripped of the Scudetti they won in 2005 and 2006 , and relegated to Serie B with a heavy points penalty .
After selling off many of their star players and losing out financially and internationally , the Bianconeri have yet to recover .
In light of recent developments , now seems like as good a time as any to recap the last four years of Serie A ’s trials and tribulations .
The post - Calciopoli era has been one of immense activity , though vaguely discussed outside of Italy .
In the summer of 2006 there was a fairly common theme among football fans and second - hand journalists .
This was that Juventus and others were accused of cheating , they were punished , and therefore they were guilty .
The logic is overly simplistic and generic .
Four clubs were initially investigated ( Juventus , Milan , Lazio , and Fiorentina ) and a fifth was attached later based on a loosely related technicality ( Reggina ) .
The reasons for the original four being punished were as follows :
Fiorentina : Diego Della Valle ( president ) attempted to fix a draw with Lazio president Claudio Lotito .
Lazio :
Though president Claudio Lotito refused to indulge Della Vale , he nonetheless failed to report the infraction to the FIGC and was therefore punished as well .
Milan : Former director Leonardo Meani was seen as enjoying an exclusive relationship with Referee Designator Pierluigi Pairetto , which ( despite no proof of attempted match fixing ) may have created an advantageous position for Milan .
The team were barely punished because vice president Adriano Galliani maintained in court that he was not aware of the relationship , and that Meani acted on his own accord , and not for the whole club .
Juventus : Former directors Luciano Moggi and Antonio Giraudo were seen as having an exclusive relationship with the other Referee Designator Paolo Bergamo , which ( despite no proof of attempted match fixing ) may have created an advantageous position for Juventus .
This seems to be the subject of much confusion .
“ What about the Maserati ? ” “ What about the referee kidnappings ? ” “ What about the bribery or referee threats ? ”
- There were accusations that Moggi had used FIAT and their exotic car affiliates to bribe officials .
There were accusations that Moggi had locked a referee in a dressing room overnight for having caused damage to Juventus against Reggina .
There were also accusations that Moggi was personally contacting and compensating referees in a financial manner .
These things were largely sensationalistic tales thrown around years ago in an attempt to sell tabloids .
They were the quickest topics in court and had no bearing on any verdicts .
The “ Maseratis ” and all other vehicles were shown to have been paid by their actual owners through paper trails , the referee kidnapping was proven false when stadium video surveillance showed all parties leaving on their own accord and at the appropriate time , and at no point does a referee receive a call from either Moggi or Giraudo , nor were there any traces of fiscal activity linking anyone at the Juve camp with referees .
The whole scandal really revolved around three main accusations in terms of Juventus :
1. GEA player agency control .
The GEA Agency was one of many in Italy that represented players and coaches and the accusation was that Moggi could bully the transfer market to favour Juventus ( essentially deciding who went where ) .
2. International SIM cards system used to communicate with referees & officials privately .
The International SIM Cards were suspected of being utilized by Moggi to create a secret and untraceable web of communication with referees .
3. Match Fixing / Attempted Match fixing .
The games in the original accusations were few and never stood .
- There was an Udinese match where players were suspected of being suspended at Moggi ’s request prior to their match with Juventus .
Giampiero Pinzi was one player who was actually fielded against Juve because he had not been suspended at all , and Marek Jankulovski was the other who had correctly received a red card in his previous match for having punched another player .
- There was a Sampdoria match that Juventus had won 1 - 0 after an offside goal was allowed to stand according to the accusation ( the game had actually resulted in a Sampdoria win after midfielder Aimo Diana scored an offside goal against Juventus ) .
The game was quickly switched to another Samp - Juve game where again nothing incriminating was found .
- There was also a Lecce - Parma game that was suspected of being a planned draw but the court determined that Moggi and Giraudo had nothing to do with it and eventually that the game was completely legitimate anyway .
- Another key accusation was that Moggi was capable of selecting referees for his matches and those of others .
It would eventually be proven to the Sporting Tribunal that the random draw used to assign referees to Serie A matches was never compromised and conducted in accordance with league rules .
The sporting tribunal never managed to prove accusations 1 or 2 and in fact stated clearly in the verdicts ( that the federation have since published ) that no matches were fixed or even attempted , effectively relieving the directors of responsibility for accusation 3 as well .
The directors were nonetheless determined to have violated a minor infraction of unsportsmanlike conduct ( Article 1 ) by maintaining exclusive relationships with Paolo Bergamo , which according to the rules of the FIGC could warrant a fine .
How the fine became suspensions , title stripping and relegations was another matter .
The newly appointed FIGC Commissioner Guido Rossi ( former Telecom Italia and Inter Vice President ) decided to make “ contacting a referee designator ” an infraction ( it was not against any rule prior to that ) and pool all the phone calls together and form a new infraction that would justify punishing the team as though they had attempted match fixing without there being any conversations to support match fixing or favour requests from the designator .
This decision was the cause of much dispute as the rule never existed and to this day no such guideline exists for pooling infractions together to create a more severe infraction .
Needless to say that this pooling of minor infractions was only applied to Juventus and was based solely on the exclusivity of Moggi / Giraudo ’s relationship with Bergamo .
This concluded the Sporting Tribunal ’s three week investigation .
Enter the four year post - Calciopoli era of appeals and Civil Court charges .
For criminal purposes each accusation was handled individually and a separate trial is taking place right now where all three are again combined and called “ Association to Defraud . ”
In addition to that , Moggi , Giraudo and fellow former director Roberto Bettega ( who has since returned to Juventus ) were also accused of accounting fraud and a trial took place recently regarding that .
This was the only time that Moggi and Giraudo defended themselves together .
In total there have been five civil trials ( four concluded ) in the post sporting tribunal relegation period .
The results :
Moggi won the GEA trial ( point 1 ) by proving that he had no control over the agency and the agency proved that it conducted its business in accordance with all federation rules .
Moggi won the SIM card trial ( point 2 ) after demonstrating that no referees were ever contacted using them and showing that the cards were used to conduct transfer market matters in secrecy .
The referee control trial basically was abandoned ( point 3 ) by all because the sporting tribunal itself stated that none existed in the published verdicts ( available on the FIGC ’s website ) .
In other words Moggi went three for three .
If none of the three elements existed then there essentially could n’t be “ Association to Defraud ” .
The accusation is now based on three accusations that have been individually dismantled in civil courts .
The trial for Association to Defraud is nonetheless occurring as we speak in Naples .
The Accounting Fraud Trial was quick .
The defense showed the books and all were acquitted .
Giraudo did experience a set - back .
Moggi and Giraudo kept separate council throughout all trials ( except the Accounting Fraud ) .
Moggi intended on defending himself to the utmost and clearing his name and that of Juventus .
Giraudo was more interested in walking away from the situation and as a result expended little money and / or energy in his defense .
His success in the individual trials may have given him a false sense of security .
The individual trials were actual trials where new evidence was permitted and the defense continued to win as a result .
In the Association to Defraud trial the defendants had an option : they could indulge in a lengthy and costly defense or opt for the accelerated verdict which could only be based on the evidence that existed at the time of the initial tribunal .
Moggi opted for the long trial so that he could present new evidence .
Giraudo ( convinced by the results of the prior trials thought it was unnecessary ) instead opted for the accelerated verdict and was sentenced to 3 years in jail based on old , outdated and discredited evidence .
He has since stated that he regrets not investing more effort in his own defense and has launched an appeal meaning he will be able to present new evidence to clear his name .
Moggi is in trial right now and he and his lawyers have been presenting new evidence for months .
Several days ago Attilio Auricchio ( the police officer in charge of the wires in 2006 who has an outstanding evidence tampering charge against him from an early 1990s mayoral election in Rome ) was all but hung out to dry in court over an eight - hour cross examination that showed the court that evidence may have been handled in the interest of intentionally depicting the ‘ Triade ’ ( Moggi , Giraudo and Bettega ) as criminal , thus negating a fair trial from the onset .
His response : “ I do n’t remember ... maybe something was missed . ”
What was “ missed ” were 171,000 phone calls that prove that the evidence was not total in 2006 and may have been selective .
In other words , only the calls that painted an ugly picture for Juventus , Milan , etc. were permitted ; those that incriminated other teams like Inter or confirmed Juventus ’ / Milan ’s innocence were potentially removed .
This was an argument that the defendants made years ago ( Bergamo always maintained that he spoke with all directors and presidents and that he found it suspect that so few were presented to the Sports Tribunal ) .
Today , Bergamo is quoted as saying that he had dinner with Moratti .
The calls that have been unearthed recently show managers and presidents of other teams contacting the very same referee designators that Moggi and Giraudo contacted years ago .
Inter ’s Giacinto Facchetti and president Massimo Moratti are overheard calling Bergamo and Pairetto , as are other presidents like Cagliari ’s Massimo Cellino , Reggina ’s Pasquale Foti and Milan ’s Adriano Galliani ( who had maintained that he was unaware that his assistant Meani had been making such calls and that he never made any himself ) .
The calls that have thus far been released seem to be of a far more sinister nature than the ones published four years ago .
So far , plans for a behind closed doors meeting between Inter ’s owner , Inter ’s president , and Referee Designator Paolo Bergamo have been published .
A conversation between Moratti and Bergamo where a referee is decided upon for an upcoming Coppa Italia match is also present .
It is important to note that Moggi had been accused of selecting referees for Serie A matches but the Sporting Tribunal concluded that the random selection process for assigning referees to matches had not been compromised .
The Coppa Italia did not have a random draw process for referee assigning , however , and thus Moratti ’s conversation with Bergamo over referee Gabriele ’s potential assigning to Inter ’s match with Bologna ( Inter won the game 3 - 1 and eventually won the tournament ) could very well constitute interference or influence over officiating matters .
Another conversation reveals Moratti’s plans to meet with a referee to have a discussion .
These are the few revelations that have thus far emerged but it should be made clear that the courts have been requested to transcribe all 171,000 + previously omitted phone calls and investigate them in the coming weeks .
Something needs to be clarified .
This is n’t about dragging Inter through the mud .
Such activities would not prove Moggi or Juventus ’ innocence .
Moggi and his lawyers are attacking the only remaining premise in the Sporting Tribunal ’s logic , that of exclusivity .
This is about dismantling the only argument the league had left in favour of retaining the suspensions and revocations from 2006 , which was that Moggi / Giraudo had an exclusive relationship with Bergamo .
The “ just because others did it too does n’t make it right ” argument is entirely true .
The federation , however , had admitted long ago that the 2006 calls themselves did not contain incriminating evidence but the fact that only Moggi / Giraudo could call Bergamo was unsportsmanlike and may have created an advantageous position ( likewise for Meani and Pairetto ) .
The fact that there is now proof that directors of other clubs ( Moratti , Facchetti , Galliani , Cellino , Foti among others ) were also calling , eliminates that argument .
If so many directors and presidents were calling because it was n’t against the rules , then Moggi / Giraudo did not have an exclusive relationship with the designators .
Now one must ask ;
If Moggi did not control GEA ( point 1 ) then what was Juventus relegated for ?
If the SIM cards were proven to be for transfer market deals ( point 2 ) , then what was Juventus relegated for ?
If there was no match fixing or attempted match fixing ( point 3 ) according to the sporting tribunal , then what was Juventus relegated for ?
If directors and presidents of so many clubs were calling the referee designators ( the only remaining thing supposedly incriminating Juventus ) and no favours were asked of them ( so far ) , then what was Juventus relegated for ?
Why were Inter assigned a title ( 2005 /06 ) they did not win ?
Why were these calls hidden for four years ?
Now the mere presence of phone calls is not enough to punish anyone .
Remember that it was not against the rules to call a designator .
If , however , the calls reveal incriminating conversations ( interfering with the assigning of referees or instructing the designator on how his referee should officiate a match ) everything changes and yes punishments should occur .
At the very least the case should be reopened on the grounds that there is now ample reason to believe that the evidence presented in 2006 was not complete and / or impartial .
What are your views on this topic ?
Goal.com wants to know what YOU think …
Special By By Carol Forsloff
Apr 2 , 2010 in Politics Scott Lumry has a dilemma not unfamiliar to Louisiana voters who worry about the lack of progressive politics in Louisiana , the patterns that create for voters picking " the lesser of two evils " which could create an exciting three - way this year .
Lumry says this , " I just do n't know which way to vote at times these days .
We do n't get much of a choice in this state .
People tend to echo each other on most positions , whether they are Republican or Democrat . "
" Can you give an example ? " he was asked .
" The Vitter race is one . "
Lumry responded .
" Melancon is now supporting what Vitter had to say about health care reform .
He tells people he does n't support Obama , yet he is trying to get the Democratic vote .
But in this state , it does n't seem to matter since most people tend to vote conservative no matter what political party they belong to .
We really do n't have much of a choice . "
" Has this been going on for awhile ? "
Lumry continued , " Of course .
The same problem goes on all the time .
That 's why Louisiana politics continues to be a problem and has corruption .
Most of the time people do n't have a real choice in who to choose for political office . "
Recently on Vitter has been against the Obama administration 's programs since the beginning of the Presidents tenure to date .
He is also the Senator from Louisiana involved in scandals concerning call girls and prostitutes , where he apologized for his behavior , as other errant politicos have done , while standing beside his wife .
Melancon takes a more subdued approach to his opposition , Lumry points out , but generally votes in line with the conservatives in Congress .
This year the format of opposition to progressive politics may be different , Lumry argues , but the problem remains the same : both Vitter and Melancon may be from opposing political parties but their politics remain the same .
And that 's the problem with Louisiana in the Senate race this year : no true opposition to Vitter , unless one considers the third possible candidate in the race , Stormy Daniels .
There are often colorful characters in political races in Louisiana , with unusual outcomes , as demonstrated by state history that includes Edwin Edwards , the former Governor now in jail , and Huey Long , the Governor whose brash style of politics virtually made Louisiana politics the talk of the country then and since .
Given Stormy 's support by Larry Flynt , the well - known porn magazine publisher , who wants to demonstrate the hypocrisy of Vitter , and the need for a real progressive in the race , a Stormy , some say , just might make some thundering fun in a three - way match this year .
Senator David Vitter ( R - La ) has two opponents considering a run against him for the Senate , a former porn star , Stormy Daniels , and Charles Melancon , a Democrat in the House of Representatives .
Vitter , according to the Rasmussen poll , considered by some to reflect the conservative directions in American politics , shows Vitter leading in the polls as a favorite to be re-elected this year .
There are people like Lumry who worry about people staying away from the election because they have no real political choice with the tweedle - dee , tweedle - dum politics that goes on in Louisiana .
Lumry says this , " I just do n't know which way to vote at times these days .
We do n't get much of a choice in this state .
People tend to echo each other on most positions , whether they are Republican or Democrat . " " Can you give an example ? " he was asked .
" The Vitter race is one . "
Lumry responded .
" Melancon is now supporting what Vitter had to say about health care reform .
He tells people he does n't support Obama , yet he is trying to get the Democratic vote .
But in this state , it does n't seem to matter since most people tend to vote conservative no matter what political party they belong to .
We really do n't have much of a choice . " " Has this been going on for awhile ? "
Lumry continued , " Of course .
The same problem goes on all the time .
That 's why Louisiana politics continues to be a problem and has corruption .
Most of the time people do n't have a real choice in who to choose for political office . "
Melancon represents Louisiana 's Third District , the home of the Cajuns .
He is considered to be a reasonable man by many voters who look for a reasonable candidate to win over Vitter , the Senator scandalized by claims of having sexual dalliances with call girls in Washington D.C. and New Orleans .
But on many of the issues Melancon has many of the same political positions as Vitter , having this to say on the matter of health care reform , " “ Today in the House of Representatives , I voted against the Senate health care bill and the reconciliation package .
I opposed the bill for many of the same reasons that I voted against the House version of health care reform last fall : the plan costs too much and does n’t do enough to lower health care costs for middle class Louisiana families and small businesses .
" Recently on Politifi , it was noted Melancon is filing an ethics complaint against Vitter .
Melancon alleges Vitter -s re-election campaign unethically used a government emblem on a fund - raising letter designed to resemble an official document which Melancon observes is a violation of federal law and Senate ethics rules .
The letterhead shows an eagle like the one on a dollar bill .
Vitter declares the complaint is frivolous .
Vitter has been against the Obama administration 's programs since the beginning of the Presidents tenure to date .
He is also the Senator from Louisiana involved in scandals concerning call girls and prostitutes , where he apologized for his behavior , as other errant politicos have done , while standing beside his wife .
Melancon takes a more subdued approach to his opposition , Lumry points out , but generally votes in line with the conservatives in Congress .
This year the format of opposition to progressive politics may be different , Lumry argues , but the problem remains the same : both Vitter and Melancon may be from opposing political parties but their politics remain the same .
And that 's the problem with Louisiana in the Senate race this year : no true opposition to Vitter , unless one considers the third possible candidate in the race , Stormy Daniels .
The Newstar declares she should n't be counted out .
There are often colorful characters in political races in Louisiana , with unusual outcomes , as demonstrated by state history that includes Edwin Edwards , the former Governor now in jail , and Huey Long , the Governor whose brash style of politics virtually made Louisiana politics the talk of the country then and since .
Given Stormy 's support by Larry Flynt , the well - known porn magazine publisher , who wants to demonstrate the hypocrisy of Vitter , and the need for a real progressive in the race , a Stormy , some say , just might make some thundering fun in a three - way match this year .
More about Senator david vitter , Louisiana politics , Porn star More news from senator david vitter louisiana politics porn star
KANSAS CITY ( Reuters ) -
An anti-abortion activist who murdered one of America ’s few late - term abortion providers was sentenced to life in prison on Thursday in a case that galvanized both sides of the bitter U.S. debate over abortion .
Sedgwick County District Judge Warren Wilbert said 52 - year - old Scott Roeder would serve a minimum mandatory life sentence without the possibility of parole for at least 50 years .
Roeder was convicted in January of first - degree murder and aggravated assault after shooting dead Wichita - based abortion provider George Tiller last May .
Roeder shot Tiller in the face as the doctor attended Sunday church services .
Tiller was one of a few U.S. doctors who performed late - term abortions , and Roeder admitted stalking him for months .
In the years before he was murdered , Tiller had been wounded by a gunshot , assaulted , and anti-abortion activists protested outside his home .
At the sentencing , Tiller family lawyer Lee Thompson called the murder an act of “ domestic terrorism , ” and said the doctor ’s belief in women ’s rights had led him to continue his practice despite the constant threat of violence .
“ He respected and trusted the right of women to make their own decisions , ” said Thompson .
“ He was committed to it .
He gave his life to the rights of women . ”
Roeder saw himself as a foot soldier in a war against abortion and said he felt compelled to kill Tiller .
“ It is no secret George Tiller killed unborn children for a living .
I stopped him so he could not kill again , ” Roeder said in a statement he read to the court .
“ It was the most agonizing and most stressful decision I ’ve ever had to make . ”
RALLYING POINT
Tiller ’s killing has been a rallying point for both abortion opponents and abortion rights supporters .
Both sides want to boost their position before November ’s congressional elections after a bruising battle over healthcare reform in Washington .
Anti-abortion Democrats voted for the legislation only after President Barack Obama agreed to sign an executive order reinforcing an existing ban on federal funding for abortions .
“ ( Abortion ) is going to be a major issue in the elections , ” said David O’Steen , director of an anti-abortion group called the National Right to Life Committee .
New abortion - related laws are pending in several states including in Kansas and Nebraska , where lawmakers voted on Tuesday to limit late - term abortions , which are generally considered procedures occurring after 20 weeks of gestation .
“ These events reveal just how deep - seated the debate over abortion is in American politics , ” said John Green , senior fellow with the Pew Forum on Religion & Public Life .
Abortion rights in the United States have been set back by Tiller ’s murder and legal proposals at the state and federal levels , said Nancy Northup , president of the Center for Reproductive Rights .
“ The last year has been a harrowing one for those who support abortion rights , ” she said .
“ This will continue to be a major political issue . ”
Supporters of Roeder had hoped for leniency at his sentencing .
“ I believe the American people are finally waking up that when a woman has an abortion she is killing her unborn child , ” said anti-abortion activist Donald Spitz .
It is just that kind of rhetoric that encourages the type of violence that killed Tiller , said Suzanne Poppema board chair of Physicians for Reproductive Choice and Health .
“ The very language the anti-abortion movement uses encourages violence , ” said Poppema , a family doctor .
“ Anti-abortion activists must own the consequences of calling abortion doctors murderers ... and of talking about the ‘ war ’ they ’re allegedly fighting . ”
Here is a compilation of rural Chinese advertising and government campaign slogans that were collected by netizens for both their frankness and humor .
From illegal petitions to promoting the One Child Policy , these slogans are often crass and unapologetically direct .
Perhaps in a way these advertisements reveal an aspect of rustic life that are both arduous and deviceful .
From Tianya :
Sternly strike down on pestering , harassing and unjustified petitioning .
Illegal petitioning will be punished .
Golden liquor brewed from pure rice .
Illegal petitioning : first offense , warning , second offense detention , third offense laojiao ( reeducation from labor ) .
Female pig in heat , please find Yang Xiang .
Looking for prostitute , please dial 15075-666605
Destroy one line of trees , death to your mother .
Beat it out !
Fall it out !
Flow it out !
Just ca n’t born it out !
[ If ] the cockroaches do n’t die , then I die .
Not sending your kids to school is illegal !
“ Buy cell phones from Mr. Wang ” , “ Mr. Wang is a bargain , ” “ the government will even subsidize 13 % ! ”
Illegal petitions , a lifetime of regret .
Good girls do not marry men who owe money , good men do not marry girls who owe money .
Left : Tantou Bone Clinic , Right : Tantou Ribs Restaurant [ bad sign placement ]
Doing drugs leads to the death and destruction of family .
Selling drugs can only lead to death .
Faye Wong sponsoring Shanzhai anti-itch , anti-dandruff shampoo .
Those who are against investment companies are those against the Jiaohe people .
The child sets fires , the father goes to jail .
Staying away from drugs means staying far away from AIDS .
Not adhering to prevention harms oneself and harms everyone .
Strictly forbid Party cadres participating in group petition .
Poor regions needs to get rich , have less kids , and plant more trees .
Sharpening the axe wo n’t interfere with cutting wood ，finish middle school then find work .
[ This is to encourage children ( or their parents ) to stay in school and complete their studies before rushing to find jobs — many children in poor families will often find work to help financially support the family . ]
Finish middle school then look for work .
Implement voluntary education ; do not collect school fees and miscellaneous fees .
The train killed my cow .
Not only did they not compensate me , they broke the law .
Whoever is poor is whoever loses face / is an embarrassment .
Security for hire , hire me and you ’ll be taken care of !
Better to profiteer from stocks than to commit robberies .
– City Public Safety
If you do n’t abort when you ’re supposed to , we ’ll tear down your house and take your cows .
[ not sure about this ]
Criminals robbing the bank will be shot on sight – Local County Public Security .
Teacher Hu’s English can spread AIDS .
[ bad placement of ads ]
Having culture / education can lead to riches , but without culture / education leads to bitter lives .
Congratulations to our school student ’s parent Comrade Yang Liwei for becoming China ’s first successful space astronaut .
People live here , do not tear down .
Person stealing manhole covers ; get caught and your hands will be chopped off .
Play !
This is your stage to display your brilliance .
Exceptionally good news : experts confirm Zhenping still have South China Tigers .
Refusing to pay and opposing paying farm taxes is a crime against the law .
Dare to go against the government and we ’ll see who is going to look bad .
Must liberate Taiwan !
Quicken our county ’s pace in achieving education modernization .
One gun , two jin [ 2.6 pound ] of drugs ; two years in prison , enough said .
Preventing robbery every day , preventing thieves every night .
Those without culture go study , those with culture …
Must prepare for war – Mao Zedong
Confucius said : Benevolence involves two people .
Unity is strength .
Police Warning : commit crime once , live as a thief forever .
China Mobile phone card , call while doing farm work .
Whoever burns [ the crops ] gets fined .
Whoever gets burned is getting fined .
One Child Policy , husbands have responsibility .
Steal scallions , death to your children .
Dump garbage on the streets , death to your father .
Rather have blood flow like rivers , than to have another [ child ] .
When spitting please spit outside to elevate one ’s character .
Top : Raise people ’s personal qualities .
Bottom : Leaders ’ xiaojie [ prostitute ] office .
Tourist comments :
Man : Fuck , I was given fake change yet again when taking the bus / taxi today , I ’m so mad !
Man : Fuck , I was ripped off yet again when I rode a car without license plates today , so cruel / heartless !
Old man :
Such bad luck , I took a black taxi and yet again was swindled out of 500 yuan , dog bastards !
Police :
So stupid , why not go to proper bus stations to get a ride , only then can your safety be protected .
Low speed trucks carrying both people and goods , illegal ridership is a good way to see the lord of hell .
If you arbitrarily log [ chop down things ] , I will arbitrarily punish .
Illegal petitioning .
First time [ offense ] detention ; second time laojiao [ reeducation through labor ] ; third time , sentencing .
Forbidden to bring sticks , twigs , and leaves inside [ bathroom ] .
Implement advanced education , put into practice advanced needs , forever preserve advanced qualities .
“ The Three Represents ”
Left - right :
If I stay , the building stays , I will exist with the building .
Top - down : Give back my property , give back my house .
Sternly stike down on illegal street - side prostitution and other criminal activities .
However poor you are , do n’t skimp on education .
No matter how difficult things are , do n’t let it be so for your child .
One birth , fines .
Two birth , sterilization .
Over birth , sterilization and fines .
Bypassing the leadership to petition is illegal .
Development is the number one duty , innovation is the number one motivation .
Stability is the number one responsibility , people ’s livelihood is the number one goal .
Harmony is the number one aspiration , honest government is the number one promise .
Fuck chicken king .
[ a dish ]
I want to live , I want to eat .
Sternly strike down on the leaders of anti-policy group petitions .
Forbid Party Cadres from participating in group petitioning .
Pick up vegetables , steal vegetables , low class and shameful .
Forbid urinating on this wall , violators will be fined 100 yuan .
Sternly punish in accordance with the law the selling of infants and those criminals [ responsible ] .
If you want to be successful , go to college .
If you do n’t go to college , it will be difficult to be successful .
Without permission , illegal use of the grounds / land will be punished .
Engaging in smuggling is shameful ; to work and get rich is glorious .
During the course of relocation and removal we did not receive special treatments .
Notice : this road often have prostitutes using low prices to lure [ customers ] at houses for rent at Zhidun and Lujiang , in order to commit robbery .
Respectfully warn all lustful men for the sake of self - love and clean body , prevent getting cheated in both body and wealth .
Sternly strike down on illegal criminal activities .
Whoever does n’t obey the law and believe in the law is whoever will be beaten .
Illegally petition , face prison and fines .
Nanjie cadres have the drive .
Nanjie villagers have the guts .
Nanjie militia have the prowess .
Nanjie laborers have the vigor .
Nanjie products have the fame .
Nanjie people must be the loyal realizers of the “ Three Represents ” .
Stupid melon [ idiot ] plants melons , growing a stupid melon .
Only with stupid melons , can China be saved .
Mao Zedong thought forever emanates brilliance .
If you want to progress , forever study Mao ’s thought .
If you want to develop , forever follow the Party .
Mao Zedong is a person , not a god ; Mao Zedong
Thought , is greater than god .
The fundamental outlet for agriculture relies on mechanization .
Serving the public and not oneself is a wise person .
Serving the public and then oneself is a virtuous person .
Serving both the public and oneself is a good person .
Serving first oneself and then the public is a mediocre person .
Harming the public to enrich oneself is a bad person .
If you grow opium on the ground , there will be satellites in the sky to take pictures .
Correctly identify normal / natural bodily phenomenon – nocturnal emissions , each month emissions once or more is not a problem , ordinarily do not play with reproductive organs .
Look , I ’m that most nutritious piece of bullshit .
[ advertisement for manure ]
Dismantle thousand obstacles in order to obtain victory .
[ relics from the Cultural Revolution via Google Earth ]
Abnormal petitioning [ will result in ] accordance with the law , first time , a warning .
Second time , detention .
Third time laojiao [ reform / reeducation ] or bear the responsibility .
You provide the labor , I provide the capital because only developing and earning money is the cold hard truth .
Having a boy or a girl is both good , a daughter can also pass on the future generation .
[ Picture of Brother Chun ]
Comments from Tianya :
shenghaihui :
Let me add one !
Shenglong Hotel Dragon Spring Sauna Center ( regular ice & fire service 150 yuan , ice & fire full service only 200 yuan )
CCAV总是放屁 :
A backwards nation , a cupware people , there is no hope .
906795041 :
The Party is really powerful .
张法成 :
Great , very creative .
Support unique advertisement , less flowery language , empty talk , and casual talk .
This is the really truth of the bottom of society , let those so - called elegance die away .
牛肉专割局 :
Is there illegal petitioning ?
If it was n’t the government breaking the law , how could there be petitions ?
Are courts just for standing around and doing nothing ?
g_iori :
Is petitioning really illegal in China ?
I really do n’t know .
brightland :
The good part about not being a civil servant is that I can boldly ding this kind of post .
未曾得 :
I ’m laughing to tears !
beishangzhiren :
So talented .
1988OOOOOO :
Looks like the leaders are all afraid of petitions .
梦遗射tian_ya :
After seeing them all , my heart feels heavy .
I ca n’t even laugh .
候鸟的呼吸 :
Strongly oppose the One Child Policy .
I want to have two kids , no matter a girl or a boy ; a family can only be complete with two kids .
liangzhengyang :
So TM ruthless , the inherent bad habits of the nation !
xyq721016xyq :
Poverty , is also a way of life !
Compared to those driving high emission BMWs and tearing down other people ’s houses , they are a lot more civilized .
蘇小陌 :
These pictures make one ’s heart ache .
Appealing [ to the public ] is a good thing , but things still ca n’t be accomplished , and the only thing left is to shout out slogans .
无锡外乡人 :
I laugh ,
and then want to cry
Having came from the countryside ,
and seeing these slogans
I feel somewhat depressed .
Why do n’t we ask with our conscience
why rural areas would have these slogans / propaganda banners .
印象思绪 :
These are all the policy ’s yakexi .
In heat .
chinaSMACK personals .
How to Make Preserved Lemons
Pin 372 486 Shares
Although it ’s possible to buy citrons confits at Arab markets in Paris , making Preserved Lemons could n’t be easier to make and they taste fresher than anything you can buy .
I forage through the mounds of lemons at my market in pursuit of the smallest citrus possible .
But you may be lucky to have a friend with a lemon tree and they ’re probably more than happy to let you take a few off their hands … although none of my friends in Paris seem to have lemon trees growing in their apartments , unfortunately .
And if you live where Meyer Lemons are available , by all means feel free to use them instead of the more common Eureka lemons .
I like to finely dice preserved lemons and mix them with sautéed vegetables , such as green beans , fava beans , or to elevate lowly rounds of carrots into something interesting and exotic , perhaps tossing in a few cumin seeds as well .
They ’re also good mashed into butter with some fresh herbs , then smeared on top of grilled fish or a nice hunk of caramelized roasted winter squash .
And I ’ve been known to sneak some into a batch of tapenade too !
In addition to their ability to multi-task , there ’s something comfortable and nice about having a jar of vivid lemons on the kitchen counter to keep tabs on their progress every morning , I like to keep an eye on my lemons daily , noticing how much juice they ’re giving off , how soft they ’re getting , and enjoying how they gently deflate and nestle themselves against each other as they settle nicely into the corners of the canning jar .
For the big Christmas party his year , I made one of my favorite recipes , Israeli Couscous With Roasted Butternut Squash and Preserved Lemon to go with the Lamb Tagine that I cooked the day before … which made entertaining fifteen ravenous Parisians a breeze .
But do take care when adding them to a recipe ; hold back on adding salt since the preserved lemons will add some salty flavor .
I recommend using organic or unsprayed lemons since you ’re going to be eating the entire fruit .
I generally do 8 - 10 lemons at a time , but be sure to buy a few extra lemons for juicing a couple of days later , in case you need to add additional liquid to keep the lemons in the jar submerged while they ‘ do their thing ’ .
And never use ordinary table salt , which has a harsh , chemical taste .
( Check the ingredients to make sure your salt is pure . )
I recommend white sea salt or kosher salt .
Moroccan Preserved Lemons Print Recipe 1 . Scrub the lemons with a vegetable brush and dry them off .
2 . Cut off the little rounded bit at the stem end if there ’s a hard little piece of the stem attached .
From the other end of the lemon , make a large cut by slicing lengthwise downward , stopping about 1 - inch ( 3 cm ) from the bottom , then making another downward slice , so you ’ve incised the lemon with an X shape .
3 . Pack coarse salt into the lemon where you made the incisions .
Do n’t be skimpy with the salt : use about 1 tablespoon per lemon .
4 . Put the salt - filled lemons in a clean , large glass jar with a tight - fitting lid .
Add a few coriander seeds , a bay leaf , a dried chili , and a cinnamon stick if you want .
( Or a combination of any of them . )
5 . Press the lemons very firmly in the jar to get the juices flowing .
Cover and let stand overnight .
6 . The next day do the same , pressing the lemons down , encouraging them to release more juice as they start to soften .
Repeat for a 2 - 3 days until the lemons are completely covered with liquid .
If your lemons are n’t too juicy , add more freshly - squeezed lemon juice until they are submerged , as I generally have to do .
7 . After one month , when the preserved lemons are soft , they ’re ready to use .
Store the lemons in the refrigerator , where they ’ll keep for at least 6 months .
Rinse before using to remove excess salt .
To use : Remove lemons from the liquid and rinse .
Split in half and scrape out the pulp .
Slice the lemon peels into thin strips or cut into small dices .
You may wish to press the pulp through a sieve to obtain the tasty juice , which can be used for flavoring as well , then discard the innards .
Related Recipes
Israeli Couscous with Butternut Squash and Preserved Lemons
How to Make Candied Ginger
Making Glazed Fruit : Citron
Pin 372 486 Shares
The girl , now 12 , has been fighting her case in the town of Buraidah , near the capital Riyadh .
She was married to her father 's elderly cousin last year , with a dowry of £ 14,500 paid and the marriage was consummated .
She has now reached an agreement with her family however and the divorce will be settled privately rather than in the courts .
Sketchbook | Peter Kuper The Road : Scenes From the Post - Print Apocalypse
[ Warning : This post uses vulgar language because it involves the manly activity of assembling mechanical devices . ]
The other day I tried to assemble two outdoor heaters that Shelly and I bought online .
This is exactly the sort of project I would pay someone else to do , if such a person existed .
Specifically , what I need is a man with four testicles so that when we team up we have , on average , enough to get a job like this done .
Did I mention that the heaters use liquid propane ?
Or that they come with angry warnings guaranteeing you will die in a giant fireball ?
Maybe the manufacturer has to say that sort of thing for legal purposes , but I took it as a death threat .
My fight - or - flight response went straight into overdrive .
I picked up a screwdriver and started going all knife fight in every direction in case the heaters had accomplices .
So , now imagine my complete lack of mechanical skill applied to a situation in which a mistake will catch my shirt on fire , but I wo n’t care because by then the rest of me will be scattered among the neighbors ’ burning trees .
That ’s the image running through my head as the beads of my sweat smeared the ink on the barely helpful heater assemble instructions .
At some point in a project like this , inevitably , I run out of patience with a screw that should go straight into a hole but insists on going all squirrelly .
I suppose the proper method involves continuous trying until you are sure the screw is properly straight before tightening .
My method involves getting pissed off on the 27th attempt and then tightening the shit out of the screw until it is halfway in , like the Tower of Pisa , and the Phillips head is so stripped it looks like a tiny bowl .
On most projects I have the option of simply living with my poor craftsmanship .
With these heaters , one bad screw might be the difference between dying in a giant fireball and dying in an even gianter fireball .
The assembly directions estimated it would take 30 minutes .
That ’s about how much time it took me to get everything out of the box , and to vacuum up the shitstorm of Styrofoam debris .
I carefully arranged all of the pieces on the ping pong table and hoped something was missing so I could give up .
But no luck , it was all there .
I have noticed that the people who write assembly directions often assume too much of the buyer .
Those direction - makers have a lofty idea of my powers of deduction , assumption , and anticipation .
But let me say to you direction - makers as clearly as I can :
If you do n’t put it in the directions , I ’m not going to fucking do it .
The gap between my literal interpretation of the directions and the proper assembly process soon became a problem .
One component had an ever - so - slight bend , but seemed to fit no matter how you screwed it in .
To my credit , I noticed after the sixth try that something was n’t quite right .
But before I noticed , I stripped one screw in an attempt to make brute force a perfect substitute for proper assembly .
That ’s when I noticed that the vendor shipped two extra screws for just that one part of the heater .
In other words , I assume enough people had made the same mistake I did that some engineer decided to throw in a few spares .
I guess that was cheaper than fixing the directions .
Still , you can never be totally comfortable with leftover parts .
No one wants his last words to be “ I wonder why I have these two extra screws .
OH GOD , NO !
SHUT OFF THE VALVE ! SHUT OFF THE … ”
Amazingly , three hours into the project , I had assembled both heaters .
Now I had to figure out how and where to buy the fuel tanks .
Someone suggested Walmart , but I think you can see where this is headed .
Walmart did indeed have some liquid propane fuel tanks , but I needed confirmation that they were suitable for my heaters .
Yeah , I tried to ask a technical question at Walmart .
Now , I do n’t want to say unkind things about the fine folks who work at Walmart .
But I would n’t object if you use your imagination to fill in the blanks .
You might even want to get out of your chair and mime the expression and posture of the person to whom I asked my question .
I ’ll bet your impression wo n’t be far off .
Anyway , since I did n’t want to die because of something I learned at Walmart , I decided to try Home Depot .
You can ask a Home Depot employee just about anything and get a satisfying answer .
I might ask , for example , “ How many times would I need to pound this particular nail with a 3 - pound hammer to get it in ? ”
The Home Depot guy would look me in the eye and ask , “ What kind of wood ? ”
And then I might say , “ There are different kinds of wood ? ”
Then the Home Depot guy would put a tape measure around my forearm , shake his head , and say , “ For you , about 435 hits . ”
And he ’d be right !
So it was no surprise that he pointed me to exactly the right liquid propane tanks .
As far as I know .
On the way home , I noticed that the minivan needed gas .
I filled the tank and realized that along with the liquid propane bumping around in the back , I had enough explosives to take out a strip mall .
All I needed was a spark .
And the town was full of sparks .
Sparks are pretty much everywhere .
When a police car rolled by , all sparky , I tried to look as un-terrorist as possible , which is hard to do when you ’re sitting on a weapon of mass destruction and a turtle is trying to burrow out of your ass .
Back home , I carefully connected the tanks to the heaters , and followed the directions to use soapy water to test for gas leaks .
The directions did n’t say how much soapy water I was supposed to use , and I did n’t want to err on the side of too little .
I ’m nervous that way .
I just kept adding soap and checking for leaks .
Shelly finally sent our dog into the giant soap mountain to find me and lead me to freedom .
The hardest part was trying to turn on the heaters .
The process involves turning a knob several thousand times while absolutely nothing fucking happens .
Except that maybe you are forming a giant invisible gas cloud around your general vicinity that will ignite if and when a spark is ever generated by all of your knob - turning .
It ’s not a good place to be .
The directions even predict the product wo n’t work .
They include a workaround that involves sticking a lighter into a hole when all else fails .
Finally ,
Shelly came out and offered to help .
She had a theory about hearing some sort of hissing sound and guessing it meant something good was happening .
While I could accept that hypothesis as being potentially correct , the competing hypothesis involved a giant fireball .
So I split the difference and told her to explore that hypothesis while I positioned myself between the heater and the pool .
I figured the explosion would propel me into the water and , with any luck , extinguish my flames .
But in the end , Shelly got the heaters started .
Now I worry that the connections will come loose before we use them next time .
I ’ll need to buy more soap .
It is a widely - spread ( maybe even universal ) stereotype : women love shopping , men hate shopping .
This stereotype has even been tested and proved by Stanford researcher S. Christian
Wheeler who found that women were nearly three times more likely to “ browse ” before buying anything while men just go and buy what they need :
– Women eagerly go shopping even if they actually do n’t need anything in particular while men only visit stores when then need to buy something ;
– Women browse until they have seen most of the things in the store while men just quickly buy what they need and leave .
In other words , men shop as hunters , women shop as gatherers .
Or women shop while men buy .
Now , let ’s see how this gender gap is ( humorously ) reflected in store signs :
Shopping with Your Husband Is Like Hunting With the Game Warden
by Wesley Fryer
Men Working ….
Women Shopping
by Antony Pranata
Danger : Women Shopping
Shopping Gives My Pointless Life Meaning
by monkeydoc
Seat for Bored Husbands
Husband ’s Resting Area
by Lizz Trudeau
Husband Parking Only
by vurple
You Can Bring Your Drinks , Pets … and Husband
by one / million
Licensed Husband Creche
In harmonic analysis and PDE , one often wants to place a function on some domain ( let ’s take a Euclidean space for simplicity ) in one or more function spaces in order to quantify its “ size ” in some sense .
Examples include
As the above partial list indicates , there is an entire zoo of function spaces one could consider , and it can be difficult at first to see how they are organised with respect to each other .
However , one can get some clarity in this regard by drawing a type diagram for the function spaces one is trying to study .
A type diagram assigns a tuple ( usually a pair ) of relevant exponents to each function space .
For function spaces on Euclidean space , two such exponents are the regularity of the space , and the integrability of the space .
These two quantities are somewhat fuzzy in nature ( and are not easily defined for all possible function spaces ) , but can basically be described as follows .
We test the function space norm of a modulated rescaled bump function
(1)
where is an amplitude , is a radius , is a test function , is a position , and is a frequency of some magnitude .
One then studies how the norm depends on the parameters .
Typically , one has a relationship of the form
(2)
for some exponents , at least in the high - frequency case when is large ( in particular , from the uncertainty principle it is natural to require , and when dealing with inhomogeneous norms it is also natural to require ) .
The exponent measures how sensitive the norm is to oscillation , and thus controls regularity ; if is large , then oscillating functions will have large norm , and thus functions in will tend not to oscillate too much and thus be smooth .
Similarly , the exponent measures how sensitive the norm is to the function spreading out to large scales ; if is small , then slowly decaying functions will have large norm , so that functions in tend to decay quickly ; conversely , if is large , then singular functions will tend to have large norm , so that functions in will tend to not have high peaks .
Note that the exponent in ( 2 ) could be positive , zero , or negative , however the exponent should be non-negative , since intuitively enlarging should always lead to a larger ( or at least comparable ) norm .
Finally , the exponent in the parameter should always be , since norms are by definition homogeneous .
Note also that the position plays no role in ( 1 ) ; this reflects the fact that most of the popular function spaces in analysis are translation - invariant .
The type diagram below plots the indices of various spaces .
The black dots indicate those spaces for which the indices are fixed ; the blue dots are those spaces for which at least one of the indices are variable ( and so , depending on the value chosen for these parameters , these spaces may end up in a different location on the type diagram than the typical location indicated here ) .
( There are some minor cheats in this diagram , for instance for the Orlicz spaces and one has to adjust ( 1 ) by a logarithmic factor .
Also , the norms for the Schwartz space are not translation - invariant and thus not perfectly describable by this formalism .
This picture should be viewed as a visual aid only , and not as a genuinely rigorous mathematical statement . )
The type diagram can be used to clarify some of the relationships between function spaces , such as Sobolev embedding .
For instance , when working with inhomogeneous spaces ( which basically identifies low frequencies with medium frequencies , so that one is effectively always in the regime ) , then decreasing the parameter results in decreasing the right - hand side of ( 1 ) .
Thus , one expects the function space norms to get smaller ( and the function spaces to get larger ) if one decreases while keeping fixed .
Thus , for instance , should be contained in , and so forth .
Note however that this inclusion is not available for homogeneous function spaces such as , in which the frequency parameter can be either much larger than or much smaller than .
Similarly , if one is working in a compact domain rather than in , then one has effectively capped the radius parameter to be bounded , and so we expect the function space norms to get smaller ( and the function spaces to get larger ) as one increases , thus for instance will be contained in .
Conversely , if one is working in a discrete domain such as , then the radius parameter has now effectively been bounded from below , and the reverse should occur : the function spaces should get larger as one decreases .
( If the domain is both compact and discrete , then it is finite , and on a finite - dimensional space all norms are equivalent . )
As mentioned earlier , the uncertainty principle suggests that one has the restriction .
From this and ( 2 ) , we expect to be able to enlarge the function space by trading in the regularity parameter for the integrability parameter , keeping the dimensional quantity fixed .
This is indeed how Sobolev embedding works .
Note in some cases one runs out of regularity before p goes all the way to infinity ( thus ending up at an space ) , while in other cases p hits infinity first .
In the latter case , one can embed the Sobolev space into a Holder space such as .
On continuous domains , one can send the frequency off to infinity , keeping the amplitude and radius fixed .
From this and ( 1 ) we see that norms with a lower regularity can never hope to control norms with a higher regularity , no matter what one does with the integrability parameter .
Note however that in discrete settings this obstruction disappears ; when working on , say , , then in fact one can gain as much regularity as one wishes for free , and there is no distinction between a Lebesgue space and their Sobolev counterparts in such a setting .
When interpolating between two spaces ( using either the real or complex interpolation method ) , the interpolated space usually has regularity and integrability exponents on the line segment between the corresponding exponents of the endpoint spaces .
( This can be heuristically justified from the formula ( 2 ) by thinking about how the real or complex interpolation methods actually work . )
Typically , one can control the norm of the interpolated space by the geometric mean of the endpoint norms that is indicated by this line segment ; again , this is plausible from looking at ( 2 ) .
The space is self - dual .
More generally , the dual of a function space will generally have type exponents that are the reflection of the original exponents around the origin .
Consider for instance the dual spaces or in the above diagram .
Spaces whose integrability exponent is larger than 1 ( i.e. which lie to the left of the dotted line ) tend to be Banach spaces , while spaces whose integrability exponent is less than 1 are almost never Banach spaces .
( This can be justified by covering a large ball into small balls and considering how ( 1 ) would interact with the triangle inequality in this case ) .
The case is borderline ; some spaces at this level of integrability , such as , are Banach spaces , while other spaces , such as , are not .
While the regularity and integrability are usually the most important exponents in a function space ( because amplitude , width , and frequency are usually the most important features of a function in analysis ) , they do not tell the entire story .
One major reason for this is that the modulated bump functions ( 1 ) , while an important class of test examples of functions , are by no means the only functions that one would wish to study .
For instance , one could also consider sums of bump functions ( 1 ) at different scales .
The behaviour of the function space norms on such spaces is often controlled by secondary exponents , such as the second exponent that arises in Lorentz spaces , Besov spaces , or Triebel - Lizorkin spaces .
For instance , consider the function
, ( 3 )
where is a large integer , representing the number of distinct scales present in .
Any function space with regularity and should assign each summand in ( 3 ) a norm of O ( 1 ) , so the norm of could be as large as if one assumes the triangle inequality .
This is indeed the case for the norm , but for the weak norm , i.e. the norm , only has size .
More generally , for the Lorentz spaces , will have a norm of about .
Thus we see that such secondary exponents can influence the norm of a function by an amount which is polynomial in the number of scales .
In many applications , though , the number of scales is a “ logarithmic ” quantity and thus of lower order interest when compared against the “ polynomial ” exponents such as and .
So the fine distinctions between , say , strong and weak , are only of interest in “ critical ” situations in which one cannot afford to lose any logarithmic factors ( this is for instance the case in much of Calderon - Zygmund theory ) .
We have cheated somewhat by only working in the high frequency regime .
When dealing with inhomogeneous spaces , one often has a different set of exponents for ( 1 ) in the low - frequency regime than in the high - frequency regime .
In such cases , one sometimes has to use a more complicated type diagram to genuinely model the situation , e.g. by assigning to each space a convex set of type exponents rather than a single exponent , or perhaps having two separate type diagrams , one for the high frequency regime and one for the low frequency regime .
Such diagrams can get quite complicated , and will probably not be much use to a beginner in the subject , though in the hands of an expert who knows what he or she is doing , they can still be an effective visual aid .
Last year , WolframAlpha made waves with its $ 50 iPhone app ; today the company is announcing a new overall strategy and it's starting by launching a new mobile optimized website and dropping the price of the iPhone app to just $ 1.99 .
This is all part of WolframAlpha 's new strategy to help get its computational knowledge engine into more hands , in hopes that it can become ubiquitous with knowledge discovery .
This new strategy is being led by Barak Berkowitz , the newly appointed Managing Director of WolframAlpha .
Berkowitz wants to make WolframAlpha more accessible and make it available on more and more platforms .
The new mobile optimized mobile website , http://m.wolframalpha.com, is one of the first moves towards achieving that goal .
Near the end of 2009 , WolframAlpha got rid of its iPhone optimized mobile interface .
Now the mobile site is back — but it has not only been optimized for use on the iPhone and other touch - screen devices , great care has also gone into making the app accessible for other smartphones and feature phones on 2G , 3G and 4G networks .
Of course , for iPhone owners ( and starting on Saturday , iPad owners ) , the bigger news it that application has dropped from $ 49.99 and then its sale price of $ 19.99 to $ 1.99 .
However , the even bigger news — from a customer relations standpoint — is that WolframAlpha will be offering refunds to customers who bought the app at a higher price .
Yeah .
Let me say that again — if you paid $ 50 or $ 20 for the app , you can get a refund .
WolframAlpha has set up a special website http://www.wolframalpha.com/iwantmymoneyback for previous owners .
Fill out the form and get your money back .
Of course , if you feel like you got your $ 20 or $ 50 worth , you can always carry on .
As I said when I originally reviewed the app back in October , WolframAlpha shows tons of potential and the iPhone app can really show off a lot of that utility .
Now that the app is at a much more affordable price point — and a free mobile web option also exists — there 's a real chance for more and more people to discover what computational knowledge is all about .
It 's not uncommon for companies to decide to lower the prices on a product — but it is unusual for the company to offer refunds to customers who paid more money .
Kudos to WolframAlpha for doing that — that 's a stand - up move .
What do you think of the new WolframAlpha mobile site ?
Does the new price make it more likely that you 'll try the iPhone app ?
Let us know !
There ’s all sorts of interesting arguments about the inherent politics of the iPad out there , like Cory ‘s and Aaron ‘s , or maybe most interestingly , Dale‘s .
But none of that has to do with why I wo n’t be buying an iPad .
I did n’t get as far as those thoughtful concerns .
I simply do n’t have the money .
I ’m known among my friends for generally having less money than they do , for living hand to mouth , and for having thoughtful critiques of the American Poverty Trap , but from the inside .
( In some future post I ’ll try to explain why there is no point in me ( & many others ) trying to save or work my way out of the Trap , but that ’s for another time . )
I have a laptop , and a car .
But like many poor people , my big ticket items are old and I need them to survive .
The poor make their durable goods really durable .
People are resourceful , and the poor have ways of getting what they need that generally trade time for money .
It falls down sometimes , and we ca n’t get what we need , but in general it ’s amazing what someone will eventually lay their hands on with enough time , thought and determination .
Increasingly I am seeing a lot of homeless people with older laptops , some of the straight up street people , huddled near public outlets and presumably open wifi .
It ’s exciting , because it opens up worlds of knowledge and communication that were always closed to the poor .
The net is becoming simply a part of everything , to the point where taking a break and moving back into early 90s technological life seems to have the feel of going on an Arctic adventure .
Did bears try to eat Aaron in his month off ?
Mysteriously , he never says .
I live a really rich intellectual life and get to do lots of things most poor people do n’t , and I appreciate that it ’s because almost none of my social group are poor .
But sometimes my social group kind of goes crazy and forgets that while they have a lot of power , my class is a whole lot bigger than theirs .
And none of them will be buying iPads .
A few of them do have iPhones , because phones are one of those durable goods we need to survive and that ’s most of their meager disposable income .
A few probably have iPod touches that they got as gifts , hand - me - downs , or because that was their one nice thing they wanted .
But the iPad does absolutely nothing vital , and nothing a cheaper piece of electronics does n’t already do well enough to get by .
I ’m pretty sure Apple knows this , and could n’t care less .
Poor people do buy iPods , sometimes even new , but they ’ve never bought anything else Apple has ever made .
And that ’s fine .
I ’ve never felt the urge to get me some Tiffany , and they ’ve never felt the need to try to get my money .
Similarly , Apple ’s just not a brand very open to the poor .
But why does this mean anything to the political arguments ?
Because other vendors out there do want to take our money .
We do n’t have much , but there ’s a lot of us , and unlike the other classes , we ’re getting a lot bigger .
These vendors squeak by on razor thin margins , especially in electronics , and their value adds are generally rip - offs of features from more expensive products .
We do n’t have any walled gardens in our world , because there ’s no margin in controlling things for poor people .
When the iPad becomes old news and is massively ripped off , no one is going to wall in anything .
This is important , so I ’m going to say it again :
There will always be people trying to get the disposable income of poor people , and there will never be a margin in maintaining a walled garden for us .
You might reply to this by saying ‘ Sidekick ’ and I ’ll point out that was a lesson in there being no margin in it .
Just because something does n’t work does n’t mean people do n’t try it occasionally .
This is also the failing of the Zittrain argument .
Even in his worst case scenario , it really is just you rich people that get locked up for your own safety .
We will still be free , and living in dangerous lands1 .
Just like in the real world , our neighborhoods online will be built from crap materials , mildly dangerous , old , and interesting2 .
Which means that it will always be true for you as well .
Like fashion , technology is primed for occasional revolutions that come from below and are recycled from the top .
Those will impact many parts of society - and even change the walls the rich3 build around themselves as well .
As the internet devolves knowledge to something we can get , you ’ll decide something else is required for accreditation into your class .
Oh wait , you already did that .
You ’ll do it harder the more knowledge we get .
But I ’m so excited about seeing everyone get your used netbooks .
I think the halcyon days are ahead for the life of the mind among the poor , and we ’ll do it with the same freedom we ’ve done everything , the freedom of the forgotten .
Do n’t worry about freedom going away because of the iPad , just becoming the kind of neighborhood you would n’t visit .
El ex presidente asegura que es un camino r�pido y eficiente para enfrentar el tema de la violencia y de la salud p�blica
San Crist�bal , Gto. | Domingo 18 de abril de 2010
X�chitl Alvarez / corresponsal | El Universal
18:55
Mit seinem Buch “ Wir Abnicker ” ( 220 S. , Econ Verlag , Berlin ) hat der SPD - Bundestagsabgeordnete Marco Bülow ein heißes Eisen angepackt und aus seiner Sicht schonungslos mit Fehlentwicklungen im Deutschen Bundestag abgerechnet .
http://www.marco-buelow.de/service/veroeffentlichungen/wir-abnicker.html
Die Grundthese lautet : “ Das Parlament , die legitimierte “ Entscheidungsmitte ” unserer Demokratie , verliert permanent an Einfluss .
Wir Abgeordnete werden daher unserer eigentlichen Verantwortung , das Volk zu vertreten und Entscheidungen zu treffen immer weniger gerecht .
Der zunehmend spürbare Machtverlust der gewählten Mandatsträger ist größtenteils selbstverschuldet und wird von der Mehrheit der Abgeordneten so hingenommen . ”
Hierfür macht Bülow dann aber vor allem die Globalisierung und alles Böse in der Welt sowie die “ massive , unkontrollierte Einflusszunahme des Lobbyismus ” verantwortlich , der ” die Macht des Parlamentes untergräbt . ”
An dieser Stelle hätte ich mir eher gewünscht , dass sich Bülow noch stärker dem Thema “ SELBSTVERSCHULDET ” widmet , statt die Probleme vorwiegend diesen ( zweifellos problematischen ) äußeren Einflüssen anzulasten .
In seiner Lobbyistenkritik ist Bülow offensichtlich sehr stark von persönlichen ( negativen ) Erfahrungen in der Energie - und Umweltpolitik geprägt .
Dort kann man natürlich auch besonders gut sehen , in welcher Form sich mächtige und finanzstarke Interessengruppen formieren , um auf politische Entwicklungen Einfluss zu nehmen .
Die Laufzeitverlängerung von Kernkraftwerken wäre allein genügend Rechtfertigung für Bülows Frust .
Lobbyismus muss nichts Schlechtes sein
Meines Erachtens ist es aber dennoch zu bequem , alle Übel dieser Welt äußeren Einflüssen oder Lobbyisten zuzuschieben .
Ich selbst hatte in 15 JahrenBundestag genügend mit Lobbyisten zu tun , um festzustellen , dass man sich derer durchaus auch “ bedienen ” kann , um eigene politische Anliegen voran zu treiben .
Man muss es nur wollen - und können .
Denn Lobbbyisten sind oft genug Fachleute , deren Sachverstand man sich auch durchaus sichern und mit denen politisch über Bande gespielt kann .
Ein gutes Beispiel hierfür war für mich schon zu Beginn meiner Bundestagstätigkeit die Kryptodebatte .
Sämtliche Lobbyisten gegen die Regulierungspläne des damaligen Bundesinnenministers Kanther schlossen sich zu einem höchst wirkungsvollen Bündnis zusammen und brachten so die Pläne Kanthers und der damaligen US - Regierung zu Fall .
Gut so !
Hierzu hatte ich im Zusammenhang mit SWIFT vor einiger Zeit gezwitschert .
Gerade bei SWIFT hatten wir jetzt einen ähnlichen Effekt , wobei es hier das Europäische Parlament war , das sich , durch Bürgerrechtsgruppen mobilisiert , EU - Kommission und den USA widersetzte .
Dies gab es national auch bei Zensursula oder wieder europäisch bei der Frage der Softwarepatentierung und aktuell bei der Auseinandersetzung um das ACTA – Abkommen .
Und so wie hier erfolgreich “ guter Lobbyismus ” für “ unsere Interessen ” betrieben wurde , funktioniert es leider oft natürlich auch anders herum .
Problematisch sind für mich in diesem Zusammenhang allerdings “ Gesprächskreise ” von Abgeordneten , wie sie beispielsweise bei der Lobby der Wehrtechnik oder der Energie existieren .
Durch solche parteiübergreifenden Klüngelkreise besteht natürlich die Gefahr , dass Abgeordnete selbst zu Lobbyisten werden .
Diese Spezies findet sich auch sehr stark im Bereich der Gesundheitspolitik .
Mangelndes Selbstbewusstsein als eigentliche Ursache
Sicherlich , da stimme ich Bülow zu , “ ist der überwiegende Teil der Abgeordneten nicht käuflich . ”
Einige aber doch .
Ein Teil des Ansehensverlusts des Parlaments liegt aber darin begründet , dass sich zunehmend der Eindruck verfestigt , dass “ die Politik ” käuflich sei .
Mit der dämlichen FDP - Hoteliersspende und des darauf folgenden Mehrwertsteuergeschenks oder der Spendeneinwerbepraxis von Jürgen Rüttgers wird dieser Eindruck vertieft .
Statt hier offen aufzuklären und klare Bekenntnisse zu nichtkäuflichen Parlamenten abzulegen und Massnahmen einzuleiten , wird vertuscht und geblockt .
Und wie Bülow sagt : Eine Mehrheit nimmt dies hin .
Die Petitionen zum Antikorruptionsabkommen der UN und dessen Nichtumsetzung in Deutschland ( §108e StGB ) werden so im Immunitätsausschuss unter den Teppich gekehrt und nicht zur öffentlichen Debatte zugelassen .
Ein Schelm , wer dabei Böses denkt !
Im Innenausschuss setzte Schwarz - Gelb das Thema von der Tagesordnung ab .
Vertuschung statt öffentliche Erklärung war also angesagt .
Hierfür ist aber niemand verantwortlich - außer der Bundestag und seine jeweiligen Mehrheiten selbst !
Noch dümmere Beiträge zur Steigerung von Politikverdrossenheit wie hier durch unser Parlament selbst kann man sich kaum vorstellen .
Der Vorgang zeigt : Die Mehrheit der heute amtierenden Abgeordneten hat nicht das nötige Selbstbewusstsein , sich selbst und das eigene Verhalten kritisch zu hinterfragen oder es öffentlich auch nur diskutieren zu lassen .
Vom Elend mit der Exekutive
Ein Grundproblem greift Bülow in vielen seiner zweifellos diskutierenswerten und richtigen
Thesen aber überhaupt nicht auf oder er deutet es nur an .
Zitat : “ Die Entscheidungsmacht verlagert sich zunehmend vom Parlament hin zur Regierung .
Die Vorlagen der Regierung werden von den Fraktionen überwiegend so übernommen und durchgesetzt .
Fundamentale Veränderungen oder eigene Gesetzesinitiativen werden immer mehr zur Ausnahme . ”
Genau so ist es .
Aber weshalb ?
Zunächst einmal ist es der Wunsch der Parlamentarier , welche die Regierungsmehrheit stellen , zur Macht dazu zu gehören – WIR sind Regierung .
Niemand hatte dies so verinnerlicht , wie der frühere SPD - Fraktionsvorsitzende Dr. Peter Struck : WIR dürfen doch die eigene Regierung nicht kritisieren .
Das Struck ’sche Gesetz , wonach kein Gesetz so den Bundestag verlässt wie es hinein kommt , war von ihm oft genug allenfalls für Schönheitskorekturen vorgesehen .
Und dies hatte auch wenig mit “ übersteigerter Fraktionsdisziplin ” zu tun , wie es Bülow vermutet .
Es ist ein zutiefst verinnerlichtes Prinzip , das eher mit Gruppenpsychologie und Gruppenritualen denn mit Politik zu tun hat .
WIR sind Regierung .
Und unsere weltweit beste Regierung , die WIR überhaupt nur aufbieten können , ist gefälligst vom Abgeordneten XYZ in Schutz zu nehmen und nicht zu bemäkeln .
Alles andere wäre Nestbeschmutzung .
Selbst gegenüber völlig unfähigen Ministern war und ist zunächst einmal Solidarität durch UNS , also die jeweilige Mehrheit , das wesentliche Gebot .
Und so verstehen sich auch Abgeordnete in den Ausschüssen zuförderst als Frontsoldaten , die Angriffe der jeweils oppositionellen Kolleginnen und Kollegen auf UNS abzuwehren haben .
Bülow schreibt , “ die Autorität und Gutsherrenmentalität von Fraktions - und Parteispitzen geben kritischen , inhaltlichen , parteiinternen Debatten immer weniger Raum . ”
Falsch !
Diese Mentalität wird von der Mehrheit der Fraktionsmitglieder übernommen , weil man schlicht “ dazu ” gehören will .
Selbst kritische Abgeordnete geraten in Verzückung , sobald sie sich mit Kanzler oder Vorturnern der Parteispitze auch nur fotografieren lassen dürfen .
Sie wollen SEIN wie ER oder SIE : Wichtig !
Wichtig für die Medien , wichtig erscheinend im Wahlkreis .
Vor jedem Wahlkampf , da kann man es besonders gut beobachten , dürfen sich die Kandidaten im Minutentakt mit Kanzlerin oder Kanzler , den Wichtigen und Mächtigen , fotografieren lassen .
Zwar merken es sich weder Schröder noch Merkel & Co , wer ihnen da , stolz wie Nachbars Lumpi und gockelhaft , für ein paar Sekunden für die Kamera , den Wahlprospekt und die reine Show zur Seite gestellt wird .
Man schüttelt im Minutentakt eben deren Händchen und schaut – richtig – wichtig .
Ein besonders perverses Beispiel für diese Art von Politik liefert das Wahlkampfvideo der CDU - NRW .
Show ersetzt vollständig die Inhalte .
Auch bei vielen Abgeordneten .
Songs ersetzen jegliche Substanz .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_FPEaWY7BHM&fmt=18
Für solche Szenen habe ich mich mehr ( fremd - ) geschämt , als für manches unerklärliche Abstimmungsverhalten .
Wer aber schon glücklich ist , mit seinen “ Oberen ” auf dem Foto oder auf einem Video zu sein , will doch nicht auch noch harmoniestörend kritisch sein oder gar aufmüpfig werden .
Deshalb dürfte ich wohl zur Minderheit von Abgeordneten gehören , welche diese Peinlichkeit scheute .
Wahrscheinlich bin ich zudem sogar der einzige MdB , der einen Minister der “ eigenen ” Regierung verklagte - beispielsweise auf Herausgabe von Informationen zum Mautvertrag .
Dass wir diesen unglaublichen Betrug am deutschen Steuerzahler kennen , ist nicht den Mitgliedern im Verkehrsausschuss oder investigativen Massenmedien zu verdanken , sondern Wikileaks und heise .
Meine Klage gegen Tiefensee wegen der Maut trug mir mehrere wütende Anrufe aus dem Struck - Umfeld ein .
So etwas tut “ man ” nicht !
Doch , liebe Ex - Kolleginnen und Kollegen : Genau so muss “ man ” es tun , wenn Parlamentarier von der Exekutive veralbert und getäuscht werden .
DAS würde das Ansehen des Parlaments stärken !
Und den Beamten wäre es plötzlich nicht mehr egal , wer unter ihnen regiert oder “ legisliert ” .
Ministerien beherrschen die Fraktionen
Eine wichtige Rolle in den Fraktionen spielen die Fraktionsreferenten .
Viele von ihnen sind von der Fraktion angestellt , kosten deren Geld und werden im Laufe der Jahre quasi unkündbar .
Deshalb gibt es eine schicke Form , dieses Risiko zu minimieren : Man leiht sich die Referenten einfach bei den Ministerien aus .
Um keinen Zweifel aufkommen zu lassen : Dies sind oft nicht die schlechtesten Fachleute .
Aber sie wissen genau , dass sie spätestens in wenigen Jahren und in der Regel befördert “ in ihr Haus ” zurückkehren werden .
Also werden sie immer eher versuchen , nicht negativ aufzufallen und die Position “ des Hauses ” in die Fraktion zu tragen .
Umgekehrt macht man sich leider unbeliebt .
Und so “ herrschen ” die Beamten aus Ministerien in vielen Facharbeitsgruppen der Fraktionen durch ihren Informationsvorsprung , dauernde Präsenz und Kontakte auch in der Zeit , in der sich die Abgeordneten in ihren Wahlkreisen in Nichtsitzungswochen bei Gesangsvereinen und Strassenfesten sehen lassen ( müssen ) .
Hinzu kommt die üble Rolle , die von den parlamentarischen Staatssekretären in den ( Regierungs - ) Fraktionen ausgeübt wird .
Diese oft allein durch gewisse Quoten ins Amt und zum Dienstwagen gekommene Menschen identifizieren sich in der Regel ( Ausnahmen bestätigen die Regel ! ) völlig mit ihrem Ministerium und vergessen , dass sie eigentlich noch Parlamentarier sind .
Um einmal Namen zu nennen :
In der rotgrünen Regierungszeit waren dies Leute wie der parlamentarische Staatsekretär Achim Großmann ( NRW ) , der mit allen Mitteln die Bahnprivatisierung vorantrieb oder Schilys Marionette Fritz - Rudolf Körper ( Rheinland - Pfalz ) , der die grundgesetzwidrige Gleichsetzung von Freiheit und Sicherheit in der Fraktion und 2005 sogar im SPD - Wahlprogramm verankern wollte .
Dies alles hat aber nichts mit den von Bülow vermuteten unsichtbaren Fesseln durch die “ Allmacht von finanzstarken Großkonzernen , den Zwang zum Wachstum , oder mit der die Angst vor Arbeitsplatzabbau ” zu tun .
Das gibt es natürlich alles - aber Willfährigkeit gegenüber der Exekutive , die ich der Mehrheit aller Kolleginnen und Kollegen im Deutschen Bundestag und dort vor allem in den Bereichen Innen , Verkehr , Jugend und Familie unterstelle , ist nicht den bösen Konzernen anzulasten .
Dorfrichter als Problem
Willfährigkeit ist das eine - Arroganz das andere Problem .
Diese Arroganz findet sich verstärkt im Rechtsausschuss , wo ehemalige Dorfrichter die Welt mit ihren Augen sehen und sahen .
Fast schon widerwärtig waren die Auseinandersetzungen mit einem Teil dieser Leute bei der Debatte um den Hackerparagrafen oder bei deren Ignoranz gegenüber einem modernen Urheberrecht .
Hier bedarf es der Lobbyisten gar nicht .
Solche Volksvertreter führen die Abwehrschlachten gegen jeglichen Fortschritt im Verbund mit Steinzeitbeamten des Justizministeriums schon von ganz alleine und aus innerster Überzeugung .
Wenn solche Juristen Gesetzgeber werden , wird es besonders schlimm .
Auch dies ist ein Grund , warum es seit Jahren an einem Gegengewicht der Rechtspolitiker gegenüber den Innenpolitikern mangelt und weshalb das Bundesverfassungsgericht immer öfter gegen “ Sicherheitsgesetze ” urteilen muss .
Der Rechtsausschuss mit vielen schlimmen Figuren findet als Hüter der Verfassung und als notwendiges Korrektiv gegen den BKA - gesteuerten Bundestagsinnenausschuss seit Jahren allenfalls noch sporadisch statt .
Und dies alles ist keine “ Auslagerung von politischen Entscheidungen auf die so genannten Expertengremien und Berateragenturen , welche die Position der gewählten Volksvertreter schwächt ” ( Marco Bülow ) .
Dies ist unser Parlament , das wie ausgeführt kaum noch Abstand zur Exekutive kennt .
Ein ebenso beeindruckendes wie negatives Beispiel hierfür ist der Vorsitzende des Innenausschusses , Wolfgang Bosbach , der gerne von “ Wir ” redet , wenn er vom Bundeskriminalamt spricht .
Dabei sollte er doch die Bundesregierung und deren nachgeordnete Behörden eigentlich kontrollieren … Distanz ist nirgendwo erkennbar .
Hat jetzt aber jemand davon gehört , dass sich nun Mitglieder des Innenausschusses von Herrn Bosbach distanziert hätten , wenn er wie bei der Vorratsdatenspeicherung unflätig das Bundesverfassungsgericht oder Repräsentanten des Bürgerrechtsbereich angreift ?
Er kann dies als Vorsitzender des Ausschusses ungestraft tun , ohne dass es den Damen und Herren von SPD , Grünen und Linken auch nur ansatzweise einfiele , dies ( öffentlich ) zu thematisieren .
Dass das Verhalten Bosbachs zu keinem Eklat im Innenausschuss führte , ist schlichtes parlamentarisches Versagen der Oppositionsfraktionen .
Und auch hieran haben keine Lobbyisten oder die Bankenkrise Schuld .
Recht hat Marco Bülow dem gegenüber zweifellos mit seiner Schlusssbetrachtung “ Globalisierung , Europäisierung , Föderalisierung und weitere schwer steuerbare Entwicklungen und Regeln beschränken zusätzlich die politische Einflussnahme des Bundestages ” .
Nur :
Wer hindert die Abgeordneten des Deutschen Bundestages daran , sich verstärkt um Europa zu kümmern ?
Auch Richtlinien fallen in Brüssel nicht vom Himmel .
Deutsche Beamte haben Regierungsweisung , wie sie sich beispielsweise bei den ACTA - Gesprächen verhalten .
Welcher Abgeordnete fragt , was da hinter den Kulissen läuft ?
Hier könnte es wesentlich größere parlamentarische Spielräume geben - wenn man eben dazu bereit ist , sich mit den Exekutiven anzulegen .
Diese rein internen Aspekte , um nur wenige Beispiele zu nennen , fehlen in Bülows Buch leider fast vollständig .
Dennoch ist “ Wir Abnicker ” ein wichtiger und lesenswerter Diskussionsbeitrag .
Schade und erstaunlich , dass er bislang zu keinem größeren Aufschrei in der Republik führte .
Vielleicht auch deshalb , weil einer Bevölkerungsmehrheit im Land dieser sich selbst kastrierende und vor der Exekutive kuschende Bundestag bereits gleichgültig geworden ist ?
Das wäre das eigentliche Problem , sogar unser Demokratieproblem : Denn der Spruch von der “ Quasselbude ” wäre dann nicht mehr weit .
Man bräuchte nur noch den Demagogen , der ihn ausspricht .
Und dies alles ist wiederum nicht vordergründig durch Lobbyisten verursacht , sondern durch die Mehrheit der Parlamentarier selbst .
In diesem Sinne hat das Mitglied des Bundestages Marco Bülow völlig recht :
“ Wir müssen wieder mutiger werden und Maßnahmen entwickeln , diese Fehlentwicklung umzukehren . ”
Ich wünsche von Herzen Erfolg .
By Jacob Jolis on April 16 , 2010
Nerds are n’t just about computers , ” says David Cheriton , professor of computer science .
And as his case proves , some of the most successful nerds are n’t just about money either .
The Canadian , Google - investing computer science Ph.D. holds assets valued over $ 1 billion , largely as a result of having an eye for business and the skill of assessing the potential of groundbreaking Silicon Valley IT .
But despite Forbes Magazine listing him as the 616th richest man in the world , Cheriton is known to cut his own hair and drive a 1986 Volkswagen .
He instead feels his wealth comes from his work .
Like Bill Gates , Cheriton started programming on massive mainframe computer–which he calls “ dinosaurs ” – before computers were a mainstay of everyday life .
Back then , Cheriton and his fellow students at the University of Alberta were allotted tickets known as “ dinosaur fodder . ”
With limited access to the mainframe , computer science majors at that time did not enjoy the trial - and - error luxury of today ’s introductory computer science classes .
“ I ’m sure many people have trouble relating to this if they ’re taking 106 , ” Cheriton said , citing Stanford ’s introductory programming methodology class .
By the end of Cheriton ’s first computer science class , only 35 of the initial 100 students remained .
Cheriton made the cut .
He found an interest in computing that he counterbalanced with his passion for music .
His enrollment in the University of Alberta ’s mathematics program was partly a result of the music department ’s choice to reject him .
Despite the initial setback to his musical career , Cheriton spent his college time playing guitar , taking opera courses and participating in musical theatre .
“ I had friends who thought I was a guitar player ! ” he said , laughing .
He ended up securing a Ph.D. from the University of Waterloo in Ontario , Canada .
He has stayed loyal to Waterloo : in 2005 , the university renamed its computer science school the David R. Cheriton School of Computer Science following the establishment of a $ 25 million endowment .
Cheriton moved to Palo Alto in 1981 after being denied a $ 25,000 research grant at the University of British Columbia , where he taught at the time , in the days when a 32 - kilobyte memory card cost $ 10,000 .
Stanford , in turn , had recently allocated $ 1 million to computer science research .
“ I felt like I was being starved in Canada , ” he recalled .
“ Coming to Stanford was like traveling to a different planet . ”
As an “ impoverished university professor , ” Cheriton paired up with Andy Bechtolsheim–who later went on to co-found Sun Microsystems–to start a tech company in 1995 .
After existing for about 18 months , the startup was bought up by Cisco for $ 200 million .
In his own words , the venture took Cheriton “ from the category of having to work for a living to the category of not having to work for a living . ”
Meanwhile , Google founders Sergey Brin and Larry Page were working on their Ph.D.s on the fourth floor of Margaret Jacks Hall , Stanford building 460 .
Though Cheriton had never personally taught or advised either of the two , the rumor that the Canadian professor down the hall knew a thing or two about both the Internet and business drove Brin and Page to seek out Cheriton for counsel .
Whereas Brin and Page worried about licensing their technology and raising money for the yet - to - exist Google company , Cheriton simply told them that , “ If you have a baby , you need to raise it . ”
He calmly explained the business theory that he wanted to impart to the Google guys .
“ Raising the money is n’t the hard part–building the company is , ” he said , reflecting on the initial days of the startup that today holds assets totaling $ 43 billion .
“ Money does n’t turn anything into a company .
It means you have something in your bank account until you ’ve spent it . ”
The 2005 book titled The Google Story gives Cheriton credit for realizing that “ Bechtolsheim ’s involvement … could drastically increase [ Brin and Page ’s ] prospects for success . ”
Believing that the students had the technology to create the kind of search engine they envisioned , Cheriton set up the meeting between the Google founders and their first investor on his own front porch in Palo Alto , at the house that he still lives in today .
The Web site was demonstrated outdoors .
As Cheriton remembers it , Bechtolsheim ran to his car to grab his checkbook and wrote out a check on the spot .
At the time , Brin and Page did n’t even have a bank account .
“ Bechtolsheim just said , ‘ Well when you do , stick it in there , ’ ” Cheriton remembered .
In the process , Cheriton threw in some $ 200,000 himself , and Brin and Page rushed to officially incorporate their company so that they could cash the checks issued to “ Google Inc . ”
Cheriton cashed in too– “ Yeah , the media likes to make a big deal about that , ” he laughed .
But Cheriton does n’t .
He was listed in the Business Insider as one of “ The 10 Cheapskate Billionaires Who Live Like Paupers . ”
His explanation : spending his money would take too much time .
Like most Stanford professors and students , Cheriton finds himself with a packed schedule .
But while most undergraduates cut back on sleep in response to their struggle to do it all , Cheriton has , in comparison to his fellow billionaires , let spending take a back seat in his day - to - day activities .
The nerd in him does n’t like to waste time on comparatively inconsequential things .
In that sense , Cheriton still lives by the advice he gave to Page and Brin many years ago about not letting money dominate one ’s concerns : “ if you have a baby , you need to raise it . ”
“ I ’m very involved in technology still , involved in too many things , ” he said in his fourth - floor corner office in the Gates Computer Science building .
“ If you buy a fancy car you have to figure out which car and who ’s going to look after it and all that sort of stuff . ”
Many times , at parties and in other conversations over the years , I have vociferously defended fellow journalists against charges of bias in their work .
Particularly journalists working in the lowly field of print journalism , as opposed to TV .
But within those caveats , I 've always maintained that the majority of professional print journalists , anyway , try very , very hard to get the story right .
But recently , I had an experience that gave me a new perspective on the issue .
A few weeks ago , I attended the public launch of a company 's product that had , until that point , been kept tightly under wraps .
The product involved a breakthrough approach and new technology that had the potential of having a revolutionary impact on its industry , as well on consumers around the world .
Unlike most of the journalists covering the event , I was not an expert on that particular industry .
It was n't my normal " beat . "
The reason I was there was because I 'd been interviewing the company 's CEO over the previous several months for a book project .
But that also meant that while I was n't an expert about the industry in general , I was in the odd position of knowing more about the company 's " secret " product than any other journalist in the room .
It was an eye - opening experience .
A lot of major news outlets and publications were represented at the press conference following the announcement .
A few very general facts about the product had been released , but the reporters had only been introduced to details about it a half hour earlier .
There was still a lot about how it worked , how it differed from other emerging products , and why the company felt so confident about its evolution and economic viability , that remained to be clarified .
But the reporters ' questions were n't geared toward getting a better understanding of those points .
They were narrowly focused on one or two aspects of the story .
And from the questions that were being asked , I realized - - because I had so much more information on the subject -- that the reporters were missing a couple of really important pieces of understanding about the product and its use .
And as the event progressed , I also realized that the questions that might have uncovered those pieces were n't being asked because the reporters already had a story angle in their heads and were focused only on getting the necessary data points to flesh out and back up what they already thought was the story .
There is always a tension , as a journalist , between asking open - ended questions that allow an interview subject to explain something and pressing or challenging them on accuracy or details .
But if you think you already know the subject , or already have a story angle half - formed in your head , it 's easy to overlook the first part .
The journalists at the press conference did n't have a bias as the term is normally used ; that is , I did n't get the sense that they were inherently for or against the company or its product .
They just appeared to think they knew the subject well enough , or had a set enough idea in their heads as to what this kind of story was about , that they pursued only the lines of questioning necessary to fill in the blanks of that presumed story line .
As a result , they left the press conference with less knowledge and understanding than they otherwise might have had .
And while nobody could have said the resulting stories were entirely wrong , they definitely suffered from that lapse .
Especially , as might be expected , when it came to the predictions they made about the product 's evolution or future .
In his new book , How We Decide , Jonah Lehrer cites a research study done by U.C. Berkeley professor Philip Tetlock .
Tetlock questioned 284 people who made their living " commenting or offering advice on political and economic trends , " asking them to make predictions about future events .
Over the course of the study , Tetlock collected quantitative data on over 82,000 predictions , as well as information from follow - up interviews with the subjects about the thought processes they 'd used to come to those predictions .
His findings were surprising .
Most of Tetlock 's questions about the future events were put in the form of specific , multiple choice questions , with three possible answers .
But for all their expertise , the pundits ' predictions turned out to be correct less than 33 % of the time .
Which meant , as Lehrer puts it , that a " dart - throwing chimp " would have had a higher rate of success .
Tetlock also found that the least accurate predictions were made by the most famous experts in the group .
Why was that ?
According to Lehrer ,
Not that everyone in the field is perfect , unbiased , or even a good reporter .
And not that I have n't ever encountered an editor who really , really wanted a story to say " X " as opposed to " Y . " I remember one editor who complained that a story I 'd done about NASA test pilots did n't make them sound like the wild cowboys he imagined they were .
( Unfortunately - - or fortunately -- the truth about test pilots is , they 're not cowboys .
They 're precision engineers and very calculated risk - mitigators , hitting test cards with calm , methodical accuracy .
The risk is n't in their attitude .
It 's in the inherent hazards of testing new technology under real conditions for the first time . )
This post offers simple example and installation tips for “ doSMP ” the new Parallel Processing backend package for R under windows .
* * *
Update :
The required packages are not yet now available on CRAN , but until they will get online , you can download them from here :
REvolution foreach windows bundle
( Simply unzip the folders inside your R library folder )
* * *
Recently , REvolution blog announced the release of “ doSMP ” , an R package which offers support for symmetric multicore processing ( SMP ) on Windows .
This means you can now speed up loops in R code running iterations in parallel on a multi-core or multi- processor machine , thus offering windows users what was until recently available for only Linux / Mac users through the doMC package .
Installation
For now , doSMP is not available on CRAN , so in order to get it you will need to download the REvolution R distribution “ R Community 3.2 ” ( they will ask you to supply your e-mail , but I trust REvolution wo n’t do anything too bad with it … )
If you already have R installed , and want to keep using it ( and not the REvolution distribution , as was the case with me ) , you can navigate to the library folder inside the REvolution distribution it , and copy all the folders ( package folders ) from there to the library folder in your own R installation .
If you are using R 2.11.0 , you will also need to download ( and install ) the revoIPC package from here :
revoIPC package – download link ( required for running doSMP on windows )
( Thanks to Tao Shi for making this available ! )
Usage
Once you got the folders in place , you can then load the packages and do something like this :
require ( doSMP ) workers Points to notice :
You will only benefit from the parallelism if the body of the loop is performing time - consuming operations .
Otherwise , R serial loops will be faster
of the loop is performing operations .
Otherwise , R serial loops will be faster Notice that on the first run , the foreach loop could be slow because of R's lazy loading of functions .
I am using startWorkers ( 2 ) because my computer has two cores , if your computer has more ( for example 4 ) use more .
) because my computer has two cores , if your computer has more ( for example 4 ) use more .
Lastly - if you want more examples on usage , look at the " ParallelR Lite User 's Guide " , included with REvolution R Community 3.2 installation in the " doc " folder
Updates
( 15.5.10 ) :
The new R version ( 2.11.0 ) does n't work with doSMP , and will return you with the following error :
Loading required package : revoIPC
Error : package ' revoIPC ' was built for i386 - pc-intel32
So far , a solution is not found , except using REvolution R distribution , or using R 2.10
A thread on the subject was started recently to report the problem .
Updates will be given in case someone would come up with better solutions .
Thanks to Tao Shi , there is now a solution to the problem .
You 'll need to download the revoIPC package from here :
revoIPC package - download link ( required for running doSMP on windows )
Install the package on your R distribution , and follow all of the other steps detailed earlier in this post .
It will now work fine on R 2.11.0
Update 2 : Notice that I added , in the beginning of the post , a download link to all the packages required for running parallel foreach with R 2.11.0 on windows .
( That is until they will be uploaded to CRAN )
Update 3 ( 04.03.2011 ) : doSMP is now officially on CRAN !
The university conducted a study into the effects of the internet on 200 students in the US between February and March this year .
The students experienced anxiety and felt they were losing the ability to function well without their regular internet dose .
The study found that the most difficult part of giving up online media was being deprived from emailing , instant messaging , text messaging and Facebook .
The students in the study also showed no loyalty to news programmes , a news personality or news platform .
They did not maintain a serious relationship to news brands and did not know the difference between news and general information .
One respondent said that he felt lonely and secluded when he was deprived of texting and instant messaging online .
Susan Moeller , the study 's project director , said many students wrote about how they hated losing their media connections .
SEOUL / HONG KONG ( Reuters ) - Japan , South Korea and China are investing about $ 9 billion this year in infrastructure and information technology to make electricity networks more efficient , creating lucrative opportunities for niche technology and equipment providers .
Power lines are silhouetted against the sky near the Oi thermal power station in Tokyo January 26 , 2009 .
Japan , South Korea and China are investing about $ 9 billion this year in infrastructure and IT to make electricity networks more efficient , creating lucrative opportunities for niche technology and equipment providers .
REUTERS / Stringer / Files
The “ smart grid ” system , through computerised monitoring of electricity flowing through a power grid , allows utilities to automatically manage electricity usage in a way that is more reliable and flexible .
Asia ’s spending on smart grids is expected to outpace the United States , with China alone seen investing $ 7.3 billion in the sector this year , according to Zpryme , a market research firm based in Austin , Texas .
“ China is pursuing smart grid as aggressively or more aggressively than any other country in the world right now , ” said Brad Gammons , vice - president of IBM ’s Global Energy & Utilities Industry , told Reuters in an interview .
“ They ’re very focused and have a very strong commitment to move in that direction , ” he said .
IBM along with companies such as Cisco and Microsoft are investing in the smart grid market in China .
The focus on smart grids will benefit businesses in the whole power distribution system , from makers of pole transformers to electricity meters and software providers to storage battery manufacturers .
Osaki Electric
Co , which makes electric measuring devices in Japan , and South Korea ’s LS Industrial Systems , which owns power transmission and distribution technologies , are examples of companies that could get a boost from smart grid development .
“ Osaki Electric have been developing a smart meter which is a positive catalyst for the share price going forward , ” said Japaninvest analysts in a report .
Despite a two - third rise in its share price in the past year , LS Industrial trades at 15 times estimated earnings , much lower than Osaki at almost 50 times and the sector average of about 54 times , according to Thomson Reuters data .
Little - known Chinese companies including Zhuzhou CSR Times Electric Co Ltd , which makes electric converters and control systems , and maker of electric meters , Wasion Group are also popular among analysts .
Both stocks have more than doubled in the past year and trade at below sector average PEs , at 33 times and 15 times estimated earnings , respectively .
GOVERNMENT SPENDING
Analysts said government spending will go a long way to driving regional demand for smart grid equipment and technology , helping create bigger businesses in the sector .
China alone could spend over $ 100 billion upgrading its power distribution over the next 10 years , said Yuanta Securities analyst Min Li .
Japan and South Korea , which are a step ahead of China in the building of intelligent power distribution networks , are also ramping up smart grid investment .
Both are ear - marking spending of more than $ 800 million this year , according to a Zpryme report released in January .
South Korea aims to spend 27.5 trillion won ( $ 23.7 billion ) by 2030 on smart grids to help meet its emissions reduction target , and is building the world ’s largest smart grid test - bed in Jeju island , in the south of the country .
As future distribution networks could eventually go wireless , the upgrade of Asia ’s power distribution network also could benefit mobile operators such as SK Telecom .
“ Smart grid itself is a combination of electricity equipment and IT infrastructure , ” said analyst with Kim Min-ho at E*Trade Securities .
“ As it is highly possible that metering will be made through wireless communication , there will be increasing demand to borrow wireless networks . ”
Analysts see challenges ahead .
Incentives that would further bolster private investment are lacking in Asian markets including South Korea , while the United States and Europe are making separate moves to shape the standards for smart grid deployment worldwide .
“ If the United States or Europe move first to set up global standards , Asian firms will have to spend a lot to develop technologies and systems to meet those standards , ” said Kim Ik - sang , analyst at Hi Investment & Securities .
“ It is important for Asian companies to work with their U.S. and European counterparts and participate this early in the development of these standards , ” he said .
When both of her sons were born prematurely , Keely Shaw wanted to feed them breast milk to bulk them up .
But because her body was n't yet making enough milk , Shaw , of Arvada , Colo. , turned to a nationwide system that collects donated milk from nursing mothers and distributes it to babies in need .
Shaw 's two boys received milk donated through the Mothers ' Milk Bank at Presbyterian / St. Luke 's Medical Center in Denver until she could provide enough of her own , she says .
" I think it must be similar to what people who receive donated blood must feel , " Shaw says .
" This kind of gift is so personal and can be monumental for those who receive it . "
With a growing number of doctors saying breast milk is the best food for babies , especially hospitalized preemies struggling to gain weight , the demand for milk donations is increasing .
The amount of donated milk distributed by the 10 banks of the Human Milk Banking Association of North America is growing rapidly but is still far below what 's needed , says Pauline Sakamoto , president of the association .
Milk bank managers say federal , state and local health authorities are more aggressively promoting breast milk than in the past , prompting the demand from mothers who can't provide enough for their own children .
Movement is growing
About 2,000 women donated breast milk through the banks in 2008 , Sakamoto says , and many more helped their friends through informal arrangements .
Three new milk banks are forming in Kansas City , Newton , Mass . , and Portland , Ore. , she says .
Hospitals pay a handling fee of $ 3 to $ 5 an ounce for the donated milk collected by the milk banks , which they test , pasteurize and freeze until it 's needed .
Milk banks have simply formalized a system that has been around for thousands of years , says Bettina Forbes , director of the advocacy foundation Best for Babes , which helps mothers fight the societal " booby traps " they face if they choose to breast - feed .
" There 's sort of a ' yuck factor ' with breast - feeding and breast milk , " she says .
" But it 's like donated blood . "
Mandy Belfort , a neonatologist at Children 's Hospital Boston , says some women do n't produce enough milk , often because their babies are born early .
Actress Alysia Reiner , who gave birth to a daughter , Livia , in December 2008 , tells of a close friend whose daughter was born about six months later .
Her friend struggled to produce enough milk , so the two agreed to share .
" I had a freezer full of liquid gold and did n't want it to go to waste , " says Reiner , who has appeared in the movie Sidewaysand in various television shows .
Donating milk " is simply an area so many women do n't know about , " she says .
" They say ' What , a milk bank ?
No way . ' "
Breast milk is better for baby
Sakamoto says that although most babies can feed on either formula or breast milk , physicians say breast milk is generally best .
" There 's also some evidence that preterm babies who receive breast milk have better developmental outcomes than babies that receive formula , " Belfort says .
" In New England , we are starting to talk more and more about using donor milk more routinely . "
La Leche League International , which advocates breast - feeding , believes donated breast milk provides an important option for women who can't breast - feed , says spokeswoman Loretta McCallister .
" Breast milk will help the baby get up to the good birth weight .
It has antibodies that help fight infections and helps them develop . "
A 3 - month - old baby can consume up to a quart of milk a day , says Laraine Lockhart Borman , manager of Mothers ' Milk Bank at Presbyterian / St. Luke 's in Denver .
Most women produce more than enough , she says .
" Some mothers produce enough for triplets or quadruplets . "
Milk donors must be healthy
Borman notes the milk bank usually has about 100 mothers donating but saw the number drop to about 50 at the turn of the year .
That created a shortage of milk , in part because of seasonal flu vaccinations .
Women must be healthy to donate through the milk banks , which require a three - month wait after a woman gets the flu vaccine before she can resume donations .
Borman says any mother who can give blood is eligible to donate breast milk .
Donor mothers use a vacuum pump to extract and bottle the milk .
Says Shaw : " Pumping to donate is the very least I can do to repay what was done for us . "
Amid concerns in India over capital punishment given to 17 Indians in Sharjah , UAE on Monday said its legal system guarantees fair trial and the death sentence is subject to appeal and annulment by the rule of law without any interference from the parties concerned .
" The UAE embassy in New Delhi has been following press reports with regard to convicted Indian nationals in Sharjah .
Death penalty in UAE legal system is subject to appeal and cassation by the rule of law without any interference from the parties .
" We fully trust our legal system and its procedures and we are sure that it will provide and guarantee a fair trial to the convicted , " the UAE embassy in New Delhi said in a statement .
Moreover , the court ( in UAE ) provides lawyers for those unable to get legal help themselves and gives them the right and the means to defend themselves in court , it said .
Seventeen Indians were sentenced to death on March 29 by a Sharjah shariah court for allegedly killing a Pakistani and leaving three others injured in an attack last year .
External Affairs Minister S M Krishna has termed as " very unfortunate " the death sentence given to 17 Indians and has instructed his ministry to assist them in filing an appeal and also bear all the expenses involved .
ALSO READ CBI sought part RTI exemption , Govt gave it full
Please read our terms of use before posting comments
Colonel Lawrence B. Wilkerson , Chief of Staff to U.S. Secretary of State Colin Powell , provided shocking new testimony from inside the Bush Administration that hundreds of the men jailed at Guantanamo were innocent , the top people in the Bush Administration knew full well they were innocent , and that information was kept from the public .
Wilkerson said President Bush , Vice President Cheney and Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld “ indefinitely detained the innocent for political reasons ” and many in the administration knew it .
The wrongfully held prisoners were not released because of political maneuverings aimed in part to cover up the mistakes of the administration .
Colonel Wilkerson , who served in the U.S. Army for over thirty years , signed a sworn declaration for an Oregon federal court case stating that he found out in August 2002 that the US knew that many of the prisoners at Guantanamo were not enemy combatants .
Wilkerson also discussed this in a revealing and critical article on Guantanamo for the Washington Note .
How did Colonel Wilkerson first learn about the innocents in Guantanamo ?
In August 2002 , Wilkerson , who had been working closely with Colin Powell for years , was appointed Chief of Staff to the Secretary of State .
In that position , Wilkerson started attending daily classified briefings involving 50 or more senior State Department officials where Guantanamo was often discussed .
It soon became clear to him and other State Department personnel “ that many of the prisoners detained at Guantanamo had been taken into custody without regard to whether they were truly enemy combatants , or in fact whether many of them were enemies at all . ”
How was it possible that hundreds of Guantanamo prisoners were innocent ?
Wilkerson said it all started at the beginning , mostly because U.S. forces did not capture most of the people who were sent to Guantanamo .
The people who ended up in Guantanamo , said Wilkerson , were mostly turned over to the US by Afghan warlords and others who received bounties of up to $ 5000 per head for each person they turned in .
The majority of the 742 detainees “ had never seen a U.S. soldier in the process of their initial detention . ”
Military officers told Wilkerson that “ many detainees were turned over for the wrong reasons , particularly for bounties and other incentives . ”
The U.S. knew “ that the likelihood was high that some of the Guantanamo detainees had been turned in to U.S. forces in order to settle local scores , for tribal reasons , or just as a method of making money . ”
As a consequence , said Wilkerson “ there was no real method of knowing why the prisoner had been detained in the first place . ”
Wilkerson wrote that the American people have no idea of the “ utter incompetence of the battlefield vetting in Afghanistan during the initial stages …
Simply stated , no meaningful attempt at discrimination was made in - country by competent officials , civilian or military , as to who we were transporting to Cuba for detention and interrogation . ”
Why was there utter incompetence in the battlefield vetting ?
“ This was a factor of having too few troops in the combat zone , the troops and civilians who were there having too few people trained and skilled in such vetting , and the incredible pressure coming down from Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld and others to ‘ just get the bastards to the interrogators . ’”
As a result , Wilkerson ’s statement continues , “ there was no meaningful way to determine whether they were terrorists , Taliban , or simply innocent civilians picked up on a very confused battlefield or in the territory of another state such as Pakistan . ”
In addition , the statement points out “ a separate but related problem was that often absolutely no evidence relating to the detainee was turned over , so there was no real method of knowing why the prisoner had been detained in the first place . ”
“ The initial group of 742 detainees had not been detained under the processes I was used to as a military officer , ” Wilkerson said .
“ It was becoming more and more clear that many of the men were innocent , or at a minimum their guilt was impossible to determine let alone prove in any court of law , civilian or military .
If there was any evidence , the chain of protecting it had been completely ignored . ”
Several in the U.S. leadership became aware of this early on and knew “ of the reality that many of the detainees were innocent of any substantial wrongdoing , had little intelligence value , and should be immediately released , ” wrote Wilkerson .
So why did the Bush Administration not release the men from prison once it was discovered that they were not guilty ?
Why continue to keep innocent men in prison ?
“ To have admitted this reality would have been a black mark on their leadership from virtually day one of the so - called War on Terror and these leaders already had black marks enough : the dead in a field in Pennsylvania , in the ashes of the Pentagon , and in the ruins of the World Trade Towers , ” wrote Wilkerson .
“ They were not about to admit to their further errors at Guantanamo Bay .
Better to claim everyone there was a hardcore terrorist , was of enduring intelligence value , and would return to jihad if released , ” according to Wilkerson .
“ I am very sorry to say that I believe there were uniformed military who aided and abetted these falsehoods , even at the highest levels of our armed forces . ”
The refusal to let the detainees go , even those who were likely innocent , was based on several political factors .
If the US released them to another country and that country found them innocent , it would make the US look bad , said Wilkerson .
“ Another concern was that the detention efforts at Guantanamo would be revealed as the incredibly confused operation that they were .
Such results were not acceptable to the Administration and would have been severely detrimental to the leadership at the Department of Defense . ”
At the Department of Defense , Secretary Rumsfeld , “ just refused to let detainees go ” said Wilkerson .
“ Another part of the political dilemma originated in the Office of Vice President Richard B. Cheney , ” according to Wilkerson , “ whose position could be summed up as ‘ the end justifies the means ’ , and who had absolutely no concern that the vast majority of Guantanamo detainees were innocent , or that there was a lack of useable evidence for the great majority of them .
If hundreds of innocent individuals had to suffer in order to detain a handful of hardcore terrorists , so be it . ”
President Bush was involved in all of the decisions about the men in Guantanamo according to reports from Secretary Powell to Wilkerson .
“ My own view , ” said Wilkerson “ is that it was easy for Vice President Cheney to run circles around President Bush bureaucratically because Cheney had the network within the government to do so .
Moreover , by exploiting what Secretary Powell called the President ’s ‘ cowboy instincts , ’ Vice President Cheney could more often than not gain the President ’s acquiescence . ”
Despite the widespread knowledge inside the Bush administration that the US continued to indefinitely detain the innocent at Guantanamo , for years the US government continued to publicly say the opposite – that people at Guantanamo were terrorists .
After these disclosures from deep within the Bush Administration , the newest issue now before the people of the U.S. is not just whether the Bush Administration was wrong about Guantanamo but whether it was also consistently deceitful in holding hundreds of innocent men in prison to cover up their own mistakes .
Why is Colonel Wilkerson disclosing this now ?
He provided a sworn statement to assist the International Human Rights Clinic at Willamette University College of Law in Oregon and the Federal Public Defender who are suing US officials for the wrongful detention and torture of Adel Hassan Hamad .
Hamad was a humanitarian aid worker from Sudan working in Pakistan when he was kidnapped from his apartment , tortured and shipped to Guantanamo where he was held for five years before being released .
At the end of his nine page sworn statement , Wilkerson explains his personal reasons for disclosing this damning information .
“ I have made a personal choice to come forward and discuss the abuses that occurred because knowledge that I served an Administration that tortured and abused those it detained at the facilities at Guantanamo Bay and elsewhere and indefinitely detained the innocent for political reasons has marked a low point in my professional career and I wish to make the record clear on what occurred .
I am also extremely concerned that the Armed Forces of the United States , where I spent 31 years of my professional life , were deeply involved in these tragic mistakes . ”
Wilkerson concluded his article on Guantanamo by issuing a challenge .
“ When – and if – the truths about the detainees at Guantanamo Bay will be revealed in the way they should be , or Congress will step up and shoulder some of the blame , or the new Obama administration will have the courage to follow through substantially on its campaign promises with respect to GITMO , torture and the like , remains indeed to be seen . ”
The U.S. rightly criticizes Iran and China for wrongfully imprisoning people .
So what are we as a nation going to do now that an insider from the Bush Administration has courageously revealed the truth and the cover up about U.S. politicians wrongfully imprisoning hundreds and not releasing them even when they knew they were innocent ?
Our response will tell much about our national commitment to justice for all .
Physical therapy is not just for smart , serious and professional athletes .
Everyday people , both blue collar and white collar workers , derive benefits from physical therapy austin work .
If only they all knew , maybe you too .
Really now , do n’t wait for accidents to happen , although that ’s good too .
It ’s usual after physical or neuro - surgical work for surgical specialists to refer their patients over for prolonged physical therapy work .
It will always be part and parcel of the patient ’s essential rehabilitation process .
If the patient is going to be out of action for six months or longer , he or she has got to be taught how to get around while demobilised .
If the patient has been debilitated for much longer than that , he may have lost his ability to use his limbs .
The physical therapist is there to teach him how to use them again .
It is usual for those who are recovering from strokes or mental disorders to be referred to physical therapists for ongoing rehab work .
Even those who are in induced or natural comas for however long they remain in this state can be referred to physical therapists in order to keep their inactive limbs as warm and supple as possible .
Speaking of which , you can use the physical therapist to keep your muscles warm and supple .
Other than the obvious you really have nothing to lose .
But everything to gain .
Physical therapists , did n’t you know are also fun and pleasing to work with .
Because , did n’t you know , some of them are even qualified as massage therapists .
And what could be better than a healthy massage , something good to relax with and ease away all the stress of your day .
Enjoy your time out but be careful how you roll .
Albert Riera has indicated that he wants to leave Liverpool after revealing that his relationship with Rafael Benítez has deteriorated to the point where he thinks the manager has something against him .
In an outspoken attack on Benítez , Riera said the manager " turns a deaf ear " to his players and described Liverpool as a " sinking ship " .
He also questioned whether his fellow Spaniard was suited to the Real Madrid job because his style of football is not attractive enough .
Riera has played only twice for Liverpool since the end of January , making one start and one substitute 's appearance in the Europa League , and the midfielder is giving serious consideration to asking for a transfer in an effort to earn a place in Spain 's World Cup squad .
" When the coach does n't say anything to you and you are in good shape with no physical problems and training well , you have no choice but to think [ the fact you are not playing ] is personal , " Riera said .
" The team 's playing badly and needs changes .
If I 'm doing something badly and you 're my boss and you trust in me , then you would tell me what I am doing wrong and what I have to do to play .
[ The fact that Benítez has not said anything ] is what most hurts .
" Right now the only market open is the Russian one .
I have offers from two clubs and , given my situation , that has made me reflect a lot ...
My objective is to go to the World Cup and for that to happen I have to play . "
Riera said he was not alone in having communication problems with Benítez .
" He thinks he is in charge and he just turns a deaf ear to everyone else , " he told Radio Marca in Spain .
" The dialogue with the players is practically non-existent .
There is a lack of tact . "
Asked about Benítez 's credentials for Madrid , where Manuel Pellegrini is not expected to be in charge next season , Riera said : " At Madrid they ask you to win and play lovely football .
We are effective , sure , but we do n't play brilliant football . "
The German furniture firm Vitra is usually known for high - end stuff you ’d pass down through the generations .
But they ’ve gone into a completely different–and strange–direction with Chairless , a “ seating device for the modern nomad . ”
Designed by Alejandro Aravena , it ’s simply a strap that you put around your knees and back .
So that you can lean back , with maximum comfort .
Apparently , Aravena was inspired by a similar strap he saw being used by an
Ayoreo Indian .
Naturally , a part of the proceeds will be used to support the Foundation for
Paraguayan Indian Communities .
But moreover , this makes a brilliant addition to some of the hobo inventions we ’ve covered .
Just roll this up in the pocket of your JakPak , grab your Bedouin chaise lounge , and hit the rails .
Todd Heisler / The New York Times
Women who choose to adopt their husbands ’ surnames may be penalized in the job market , a new study from the Netherlands suggests .
Using Dutch population data , researchers at the Tilburg Institute for Behavioral Economics Research found that there were demographic differences between women who chose to take their partners ’ names and those who did not .
Marital name - changers were generally older and less educated , for example .
Even when name - changers and maiden - name - keepers are demographically identical , they still may be judged differently .
The authors did several experiments involving university students ’ perceptions of hypothetical women — imaginary women who were described identically , except for their marital status and decision to keep or change their surnames .
The students generally viewed women who took their husbands ’ surnames as being more stereotypically feminine .
Participants thought that a hypothetical woman who took her husband ’s surname was “ more caring , more dependent , less intelligent , more emotional , less competent , and less ambitious in comparison with a woman who kept her own name . ”
By contrast , the same woman who kept her maiden name “ was judged as less caring , more independent , more ambitious , more intelligent , and more competent , which was similar to an unmarried woman living [ with her partner ] or a man . ”
Another experiment asked students to judge fictional job candidates for a human resource manager position .
Women who took their partners ’ names were less likely to be hired by the study ’s participants , and their salaries were estimated to be significantly lower ( a difference of 861.21 euros , or about $ 1,172.36 ) .
The study , recently published in the journal Basic and Applied Social Psychology , can be found on the Web in an earlier version here .
Of course , there are some major limitations to this research .
For one , the sample size of respondents in the experiments was relatively small .
Perhaps more important , the participants were students , not actual employers , who might behave differently .
A more telling study might be modeled after a seminal paper by Marianne Bertrand and Sendhil Mullainathan .
In that study , the economists sent identical résumés — some with traditionally black - sounding names , like Jamal , and others with traditionally white - sounding names , like Greg — to employers for consideration .
The research , which is cited in the Dutch paper on married names , found that job candidates with white names were more likely to receive interviews .
( Hat tip : Barking up the wrong tree )
Following a DMCA takedown request from Fox regarding an Avatar torrent , Google has removed the BTJunkie homepage from its search results .
A few months ago Google erroneously banned The Pirate Bay homepage for which it later apologized .
Whether or not the BTJunkie ban is also a mistake is unclear .
Like most torrent sites , Google is no stranger to removing “ copyright infringing ” listings from its search results .
Following up on complaints from the Chinese government and of course copyright holders , the company has been censoring its search results for years .
The filtering process is not automated and DMCA takedown requests are generally reviewed manually .
Sometimes this leads to errors , such as when Google removed The Pirate Bay ’s home page from its search results last October .
The Pirate Bay homepage does not list any torrent files as most people know , so there was little doubt that the filter was applied in error .
Google later admitted this mistake and after blaming it on an incorrect takedown request , the company finally said that an “ internal error ” was the reason behind the Pirate Bay ban .
As promised , The Pirate Bay homepage soon reappeared in Google ’s search results and things went back to the way they were .
However , fellow torrent site BTJunkie is now in a similar position as The Pirate Bay was a few months ago .
BTJunkie ’s homepage no longer comes up in Google .
“ In response to a complaint we received under the US Digital Millennium Copyright Act , we have removed 1 result (s ) from this page .
If you wish , you may read the DMCA complaint that caused the removal (s ) at ChillingEffects.org , ” Google explains at the bottom of the search results .
The DMCA complaint Google links to appears to come from Fox and refers to the blockbuster movie Avatar .
At the time of publication the full complaint is not yet available so we were unable to verify whether it listed BTJunkie ’s home page .
Unlike The Pirate Bay , BTJunkie does list several torrents on its homepage including Avatar which is among the most downloaded torrents on the site .
These lists are all dynamically generated and constantly changing of course , and it is unclear whether that will warrant a removal from the search results .
TorrentFreak discussed the issue with the owner of BTJunkie who told us that he has sent a counter notice to Google ( picture below ) .
Thus far Google has not responded on the issue , but we will update this article when there ’s an official statement on BTJunkie ’s removal .
On a night when the Denver Nuggets should have been celebrating a much - needed victory over the Portland Trail Blazers , the franchise continued to struggle with off - the - court issues when an April Fools '
Day joke sparked anything but laughter .
During Denver 's 109-92 victory Thursday , a former Nuggets ball boy , Laquan Johnson , got into the club 's locker room , took Kenyon Martin 's car keys and filled the player 's Range Rover with buttered popcorn .
The car had a white interior .
Martin discovered the damage as he was about to exit Denver 's Pepsi Center .
At the time , he had no idea who had pulled the prank .
Angered , he went back to the locker room spewing profanities and threats at teammates and other members of the organization .
" That ai n't no [ expletive ] joke , " Martin said .
" I 'm going to find out who did it ... put my [ expletive ] hands on one of y'all .
I 'm going to put my hands on whoever did it .
You better believe that .
It 's [ expletive ] personal .
You better believe it . "
Martin , who has missed 15 games with a torn patella tendon in his left knee , threatened to boycott the postseason if he did not find out who was responsible .
" How 'bout if I do n't play in the playoffs until somebody tells me who did it , " Martin said more than once .
Martin stormed in and out of the locker room several times , and a person close to him said his anger was not over the prank , but over the fact that someone could go into his pocket and take his keys during a game .
Realizing the culprit had to have access to the private code for the team 's gated parking lot , he assumed members of the organization either pulled the stunt or assisted in it .
" The fact that no one saw it or had anything to say about it -- not security , not the equipment manager , " a person close to Martin said , explaining the player 's anger .
" Somebody had to see it .
He was wondering how the organization let something like that happen .
What if the kid had really wanted to do something evil ? "
Later , Martin found out Johnson , the former ball boy who is now the driver for teammate J.R. Smith , was responsible .
Johnson apologized to Martin and agreed to pay for the damage to his car .
" It was just an April Fools joke that went horribly wrong , " said a member of the Nuggets organization who spoke on the condition of anonymity .
" The kid thought it would be funny and it was n't .
Kenyon was back at practice today and everything was fine between him and his teammates . "
The episode was the latest in a string of distractions Denver has had to deal with lately .
Once regarded as the Western Conference 's top challenger to the Los Angeles Lakers , the Nuggets have all but fallen apart down the stretch .
With Martin out and coach George Karl missing games while getting treatment for throat cancer , Denver had lost five of six games before defeating Portland .
That stretch dropped them from the second seed to the fifth seed in the West .
Martin , who cannot guarantee he 'll be healthy for the playoffs , said before Thursday 's game that he hopes to return for the last regular season game or two .
Chris Broussard cover the NBA for ESPN The Magazine .
So , you ’re the GM , so you get to make all the big decisions , right ?
Hold on , chief .
Yes , you are the GM , and yes , you get the final say on all rules interpretations and house rules .
But the GM also has a job to make the game fun for everyone else .
Furthermore , sometimes the players have some really good ideas that can be incorporated to make the game more enjoyable for everyone , and it also means less work for you .
Sounds like a win / win to me .
Even if it does n’t make the game more fun for everyone , if it does n’t take away from anyone ’s fun , it ’s still a good idea to let them do it .
Let ’s start with character creation .
If your players want to play a certain kind of character , it ’s generally a good idea to let them play that character .
The reason to not allow a particular character to be played is if it will reduce the fun everyone else is able to have .
Having a character who constantly antagonizes the group is one such concept ( unless the group likes such party conflict ) , as is having a character who can do everything the other characters can do , better than the other characters .
Ideally , this will be worked out while letting the player stick with his concept , but the fun of the whole group has to come before the needs of one player .
Compromise is useful here , and your job as the GM is to try to find the middle ground , or the house rules needed to accommodate everyone .
Some concepts are inherently antagonistic or too powerful , and they might have to be shot down .
Also , there is also a clause of sticking to things that are within reason .
No , you ca n’t play a dragon in D&D .
You can play one when we get to that World of Darkness game though .
Still , character creation is a small part of this .
An important part , since it effects the rest of the game , but still a small part .
The bigger part comes in once you ’re actually playing the game .
If a player wants to try to do something , let them .
There are some things that are impossible ( in most systems , casting a spell without training comes to mind ) , but they sure can try it if they want to .
That said , most of the time , you should come up with some reasonable mechanic that lets them have a shot at success .
If you are n’t sure what that is , ask the player what they think .
They can probably tell you what they had in mind .
Then you can run with it , or modify it as necessary .
Using Pathfinder as an example , if someone wants to swing from the chandelier , leap off , and stab the bandit leader across the ballroom , you have a couple options .
One , you could just say he succeeds on swinging across the room on the chandelier and lands next to the bandit … make an attack roll to see if you lodge your sword in the bandit or in the floor .
Or you could pull out an acrobatics check of dc 15 - 25 depending on how hard a leap it is to make before the player gets an attack roll , if you prefer to add more crunch or make sure skills get lots of use .
In either case , you ’re giving the player a chance to do what he wanted .
That example is easy , but there are others that might be more challenging .
It ’s up to you to get a system up quickly that will make it work .
Another thing is giving players control over the little things in your world .
If a socially motivated character wants to visit his contacts in town , do n’t say he has no contacts .
Have contacts that help hook the players into your plot .
They do n’t have to have the answers , but they can certainly provide a hint to the hint you originally placed in the game if they do n’t .
And there ’s nothing wrong with the contacts having a more direct answer either , if it makes sense they would .
Go with what makes the game move forward best , rather than sticking to exactly what you planned .
If the D&D / Pathfinder style sorcerer wants to be descended from a great dragon , why not let him ?
It fits the fluff easily enough , and if the dragon is well known , this can give him some benefits and challenges not normally faced .
He may be perceived as being more powerful , but he ’ll have a name to live up to .
Furthermore , powerful people who dislike his ancestor may target him for revenge as he is related , but not nearly as strong , making him an excellent target or even hostage if the ancestor is still alive .
Basically , use your players contributions to build out the story .
Now , in the end , you may have to deny some things your players want .
If the earlier mentioned sorcerer , for example , wants to know more spells , or have higher ability scores due to his heritage , you may have to explain that while the background is good , the extra powers ca n’t happen because of game balance issues .
Besides which , his magic already comes from said dragon .
However , you could then recommend the dragon disciple ( if playing Pathfinder and not 3.x ) as a way to get those ability scores up , though he ’d miss out on a few spell levels .
It ’s your job to make sure everyone ( including you ) enjoys the game .
This means a lot of talking and compromising , figuring out what people want , and integrating it into your game .
It also means making sure nothing gets in that ruins everyone else ’s fun .
That can be a difficult line to walk , and I ’ve crossed it both ways in my gaming .
Usually , if you get it mostly right though , everyone will have a good time and feel like they ’ve contributed meaningfully to both game and story .
The Right - Wing Revolutionaries Tea Party Movement Mirrors a Deeply Divided America
US President Barack Obama came to power promising to unite the nation .
Now he has divided it even more than his predecessor George W. Bush .
The burgeoning conservative Tea Party movement is calling for Obama to be removed from office .
A NEW Zealand man got a very personal part of his anatomy stuck in a flying fox at a children 's playground in Christchurch this week , sparking a series of safety checks by the local council to avoid a repeat of the incident , according to reports .
The 30 - year - old became entangled in the equipment when a malfunction caused the mechanism to move on the impact of the man hitting the end of the flying fox line - trapping his nether regions , The Star reported .
Fire crews called to the playground at Bishopdale Park had to dismantle the flying fox seat to free the man .
They said he had remained " stoic " despite being in quite a lot of pain .
The flying fox has remained dismantled since Tuesday 's incident and a Christchurch City Council spokesman said other flying foxes in the city , on New Zealand 's South Island , were being checked to reduce the risk of a repeat of the problem .
A flying fox is an aerial conveyor belt or suspended carrier operating on cables .
Originally published as Man ' stoic ' as genitals caught in flying fox
The National Commissioner of the Icelandic Police ( NCIP ) and the Police Commissioner at Hvolsvöllur declare an uncertainty phase , which is the lowest level of warning , because of seismic activity in Mount Hekla .
There are no observable signs that an eruption of Hekla is imminent .
26.03.2013 - 12:13
Jump to follow - up
Hot off the press The Prince ’s Foundation for Integrated Health ( FIH ) has been spreading misinformation about medicine since 1993 .
It has featured often on this blog .
Now it has closed its doors .
An announcement has appeared on the FIH website
30 April 2010 The Trustees of The Prince ’s Foundation for Integrated Health have decided to close the charity .
The announcement goes on
" Whilst the closure has been planned for many months and is part of an agreed strategy , the Trustees have brought forward the closure timetable as a result of a fraud investigation at the charity . "
" The Trustees feel that The Foundation has achieved its key objective of promoting the use of integrated health .
Since
The Foundation was set up in 1993 , integrated health has become part of the mainstream healthcare agenda , with over half a million patients using complementary therapies each year , alongside conventional medicine . . . "
While the immediate precipitating cause may have been the fraud ( see below ) , the idea that the Foundation " has achieved its key objective of promoting the use of integrated health " seems like a ludicrous bit of make - believe .
Well , make - believe is something with which the Foundation was quite familiar .
At a time when university courses in quackery are vanishing like the snow in springtime , they can hardly believe that their aims have been achieved .
But I guess one could not expect them to say " sorry folks , we were wrong all along " .
The 2010 Conference is cancelled too
Judging by the quality of the 2009 conference , which I analysed at length last year , the cancellation of the 2010 conference is very welcome news ( except perhaps to a few sycophants looking for honours ) .
What next ?
A College ?
The rumour is that a “ College of Integrated Medicine ” may arise from the ashes of FIH .
Or even , heaven forbid .
a Royal College of Integrated baloney .
Since universities seem to be deciding that it is n’t sensible to teach myth as truth , i is not unlikely .
“ Prince Charles ’s aide at homeopathy charity arrested on suspicion of fraud “
This headline , of an article in the Guardian , by Robert Booth , was not entirely unexpected .
The parlous state of the accounts at the Prince ’s Foundation for Integrated Health has been documented already at
Gimpy ’s blog .
“ An aide in Prince Charles ’s campaign for wider use of complementary medicine in the NHS was arrested at dawn today on suspicion of fraud and money - laundering at the prince ’s health charity .
A 49 - year old man , understood to be a former senior official at the Prince ’s Foundation for Integrated Health , was taken into custody at a police station in north London .
He was arrested alongside a 54 - year - old woman , who was being held at the same address .
The arrests follow a police investigation into £ 300,000 unaccounted for in the books of the charity , of which the Prince is president . ”
More news will appear here , as it comes in .
Follow - up
Other posts on this topic appeared rapidly .
The Guardian 30 April .
Robert Booth Prince of Wales ’s health charity wound up in wake of fraud investigation
Dr Aust ’s Spleen 30 April
In memoriam .
In which Dr Aust gets a bit poetic
Quackometer 30 April .
Prince ’s Foundation for Integrated Health Closes .
Prince Charles ’ Toad Eaters are no more .
Followed by the rest of the mainstream media .
Edzard Ernst 1 May 2010 , in the Indepenndent .
Better than any journalist .
Why alternative medicine wins from the foundation ’s demise .
Read it !
Here are some quotations .
“ I therefore think that the FIH has become a lobby group for unproven and disproven treatments populated by sycophants . ”
“ The FIH has repeatedly been economical with the truth .
For instance when it published a DoH-sponsored patient guide that was devoid of evidence .
They claimed evidence was never meant to be included .
But I had seen a draft where it was and friends have seen the contract with the DoH where “ evidence ” was an important element .
“ “ I hope that , after the demise of FIH , the discussion about alternative medicine in the UK can once more become rational .
I also hope that Prince Charles has the greatness of selecting advisers who actually advise rather than “ Yes Men ” who are hoping to see their names on the next Honours List . “
1 May 2010 .
According to Martin Delgado , in the Daily Mail , the people who were arrested on suspicion of fraud were accountant George Gray and his wife .
Gray was Finance Director and acting Chief Executive of FIH .
About as senior as you can get .
Gray spent two weeks ( two weeks ? ) at Diabetes UK in 2004 before becoming finance director at the Leadership Foundation For Higher Education .
A DANISH pig farmer is in hiding today after receiving death threats from Muslim groups who accused him of branding a pig with the Arabic word “ Allah ” .
GerulfÂ Toksvig , 53 , who has a farm near Aarhus , caused outrage this week when he invited reporters to examine the “ miracle ” markings on his prize piglet , Paprika .
Said Toksvig :
At first the markings were very indistinct , but over the last few weeks they have become a lot clearer .
I had no idea that what they signified , but a farmhand suggested that it looked like the Arabic sign for Allah .
Toksvig added :
I checked on the internet , and sure enough , it IS Allah .
Asked why the markings should appear on a pig , of all creatures , when pork is strictly forbidden to Muslims , Toksvig replied :
Maybe Allah had a change of mind .
Surveys have shown that Danes eat the most pork per capita in the world .
Also that Danes are the happiest people on the planet .
There has to be a correlation between these findings .
He added :
Perhaps Allah wants Muslims , who are generally a right sour bunch , to lighten up a little .
I think a bacon sandwich now and again would make them a lot less grumpy .
But a spokesman for the Danish Muslim Society , Mohammed Kaseem , dismissed the Priscilla ’s markings as “ a crude hoax ” , clearly part of a “ Zionist / homosexual / feminist conspiracy ” .
Wrinkling his nose , Kaseem snorted :
I saw this pig up close – but not TOO close .
From where I was standing it looked to me like a branding of some sort .
Or a tattoo or whatever .
It ’s definitely man-made and NOT a sign from Allah .
He added :
Pork is one of Denmark ’s biggest exports , and I believe this a part of a conspiracy to infiltrate huge Islamic markets by convincing gullible Muslims that pig meat is halal .
He added :
This is a blasphemy .
Every Muslim knows that pig flesh is harmful to human health .
Pigs – like Jews and Christians and Hindus – have very low personal and moral standards .
Islamic scientists have proved that the pig is the most shameless animal on the face of the earth .
Islamic expert Zakir Naik has rightly pointed out that ‘ it is the only animal that invites its friends to have sex with its mate ’ .
Naik also said that in America , most people consume pork .
Many times after dance parties , they have swapping of wives ; ie many say ‘ you sleep with my wife and I will sleep with your wife ’ .
If you eat pigs then you behave like pigs . ’
Naik is a world authority on such matters , and I believe every word he says .
Kaseem referred journalists to another Islamic expert , Rashid Shamsi .
Writing in the Muslim World League Journal , Â ( October 1999 ) , Shamsi said :
The pig is naturally lazy and indulgent in sex .
It is dirty , greedy and gluttonous .
It dislikes sunlight and lacks the spirit and will to fight .
A man becomes what he eats .
Consumption of swine - flesh creates lowliness in character and destroys moral and spiritual faculties in a man .
Kaseem grunted :
What use are Â Muslim pussies who lack the will to fight or set fire to flags and people and stuff ?
I detect the hand of Zionists and homosexuals and lesbians and women ’s rights agitators behind this hateful conspiracy , because they will benefit most from a docile Islamic Ummah .
Asked why pig-eating Danes were not only the happiest people in the world , but also claim to be among the healthiest , Kaseem snapped :
Virgo | Aug. 23 to Sept. 22
You always knew the day would come when the machines would rise up and take over the world , but never did you imagine it'd be so convenient .
Solar power in southeastern Ontario has the potential to produce almost the same amount of power as all the nuclear reactors in the United States , according to two studies conducted by the Queen 's University Applied Sustainability Research Group located in Kingston , Canada .
These studies , led by Queen 's mechanical engineering professor Joshua Pearce , are the first to explore the region 's solar energy potential .
Professor Pearce was surprised by how many gigawatts could be produced .
" We came up with enormous numbers and we were being conservative .
There about 95 gigawatts of potential power just in southeastern Ontario -- that shows there is massive potential , " says Professor Pearce , who specializes in solar photovoltaic materials and applied sustainability .
One study , accepted for publication in the journal Computers , Environment and Urban Systems , discovered that if choice roof tops in southeastern Ontario were covered with solar panels , they could produce five gigawatts , or about five per cent of all of Ontario 's energy .
The study took into account roof orientation and shading .
" To put this in perspective , all the coal plants in all of Ontario produce just over six gigawatts .
The sun does n't always shine , so if you couple solar power with other renewable energy sources such as wind , hydro and biomass , southeastern Ontario could easily cover its own energy needs , " Professor Pearce says .
A second study , published in May issue of the journal Solar Energy , looked at land in southeastern Ontario that could be used for solar farms .
The study considered land with little economic value -- barren , rocky , non-farmable areas near electrical grids -- and concluded it has the potential to produce 90 gigawatts .
" Nuclear power for all of the United States is about 100 gigawatts .
We can produce 90 on barren land with just solar in this tiny region , so we are not talking about small potatoes , " Professor Pearce says .
The professor conducted the studies to provide policy makers solid numbers on solar energy potential , as well as find possible solar farm locations for developers .
Also contributing to the studies were Queen 's civil engineering student Lindsay Wiginton and mechanical engineering student Ha Nguyen .
The Bay Area Fellowship , the largest church in Corpus Christi , will give away more than $ 4 million in cash and prizes to everyone who attends Easter services at one of its seven locations .
The prizes range from gift bags with $ 300 worth of goods and services all the way up to cars -- 16 of them , to be exact , all of them used but low - mileage .
And there 's everything in between : 10 furniture sets , flat - screen TVs , tickets to sporting events , 300 bicycles and skateboards , photography sessions , and more .
" Someone could come to church [ on Easter ] and walk away an hour later with a car , " lead pastor Bil Cornelius said on MSNBC today .
Cornelius said he got the idea from a fellow pastor in Minneapolis who got a local car dealer to donate a car to give away to a lucky churchgoer at Easter .
The idea apparently inspired Cornelius ' flock to follow suit -- all of the items being given away this Sunday are donated by church members , including an iPod donated by a 12 - year - old church member .
" To a 12 - year - old , an iPod 's a really big thing , " Cornelius said .
" This boy said , ' I 'd rather have someone come to youth group on Sunday to learn about the love of Christ by donating my iPod to the drawing .
" It 's a way to draw people in for a prize and then give them the ultimate giveaway , which is a relationship with Christ , which is free heaven , which is better than any material prize we have to offer , " he continued .
Church officers anticipate the giveaway will prove a highly effective marketing tool -- they 're expecting 15,000 to 20,000 people , more than twice their normal weekly attendance , to show up for Easter services .
One car will be given away at each of the services at the church 's main campus and its six satellite locations in the Corpus Christi area
Written by Sandy Smith
For HULIQ.com
This would , perhaps , be the second most shocking / sad news after the resignation of Jonathan ( former Sun CEO ) .
I ’m sad and upset after hearing the confirmed news that James Gosling will be leaving Sun / Oracle .
James has been a Father for the Java community and a great innovator in the software industry .
The final words appear on his blog :
Yes , indeed , the rumors are true : I resigned from Oracle a week ago ( April 2nd ) .
I apologize to everyone in St Petersburg who came to TechDays on Thursday expecting to hear from me .
I really hated not being there .
As to why I left , it ’s difficult to answer : just about anything I could say that would be accurate and honest would do more harm than good .
The hardest part is no longer being with all the great people I ’ve had the privilege to work with over the years .
I do n’t know what I ’m going to do next , other than take some time off before I start job hunting .
Without a doubt , this has been an aftermath of the Sun - Oracle Merger , and he does n’t seem to be happy with the level of freedom he had been getting lately .
From what has been heard , he was not convinced with the Oracle ’s strategies for the future of Java .
His contributions to Open source were huge even before he stepped into Java .
In 1983 , James Gosling wrote a version of emacs , and before joining Sun Microsystems he built a multi- processor version of Unix while at Carnegie Mellon University , as well as several compilers and mail systems .
Since 1984 , Gosling has been with Sun Microsystems , and is known as the father of the Java programming language .
All that can be said is that he will be missed , but I ’ve no doubt that his contributions ( wherever he goes ) will continue to innovate the Java , like he has done it in the past .
Every company would hunt to hire him and I would love to see Google , IBM ( leaders in Java ) watching closely on it .
The Java community will never forget his contributions , and he ’ll forever be a remembered as a “ Father who drove the Java World ” .
Update : Father of Java Joins Google
We write about Open Source , Programming , Java , Latest Tech news as they happen , get them@taranfx on Twitter or subscribe below :
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
please wait ...
Rating : 10.0/10 ( 1 vote cast )
VN : F [ 1.9.22_1171 ]
Rating : 0 ( from 0 votes )
Last Friday , Senators Charles Schumer ( D - NY ) and Lindsey Graham ( R - SC ) outlined a proposal for immigration reform .
At the top of their immigration reform agenda ?
A national , biometric identification card for all workers , citizen or immigrant .
From the article :
We would require all U.S. citizens and legal immigrants who want jobs to obtain a high - tech , fraud - proof Social Security card .
Each card 's unique biometric identifier would be stored only on the card ; no government database would house everyone 's information .
The cards would not contain any private information , medical information or tracking devices .
The card would be a high - tech version of the Social Security card that citizens already have .
This proposal should grit the teeth and narrow the eyes of anyone who has carefully considered the dangers of a national , biometric - carrying identification card scheme .
Like other national ID proposals , this one seems to naively assume that technology and federalization can provide an across - the - board " upgrade " to existing identification schemes , when in reality it spawns a beastly tangle of complex issues .
On the CATO@Liberty blog , Jim Harper dissects the many reasons why the national biometric ID plan is " gratuitous and punitive . "
EFF shares the view that the proposal is deeply problematic — unpacking each of the statements in the paragraph above reveals many pitfalls .
" We would require all U.S. citizens and legal immigrants who want jobs to obtain a high - tech , fraud - proof Social Security card . "
Unfortunately , " high - tech " and " fraud - proof " are far from synonymous .
Technologies intended to keep information secure are regularly compromised — meaning that a permanent , national scheme will be breathtakingly expensive to develop and maintain securely .
Moreover , any high - tech security would be rendered moot by the weakest link — the individuals who will be collecting data and issuing identification .
Those individuals can make mistakes , and they may also allow and perpetuate fraud or identity theft .
If , as the senators suggest , this card is to be a prerequisite to simply make a living , then there will be an extremely high demand for fraudulent documents , and " high - tech " itself wo n't stop forged , stolen , or " creatively obtained " documents from being circulated .
" Each card 's unique biometric identifier would be stored only on the card ; no government database would house everyone 's information . "
The senators are wise to propose that no government database would house everyone 's information — no government database should .
But we 're very skeptical that the government would n't later find it to be overwhelmingly convenient to collect the information ( perhaps even to aid enforcement of the immigration regime itself ) .
Indeed , it 's hard to understand how the system would function properly without checking a large database ( or set of databases ) for matching a name to the biometric data .
The Privacy Lives blog gives a simple example : imagine an fraudulent ID card with someone else 's biometric data , but your name .
To prevent this from happening , there would probably need to be a database of some kind to check for validity .
Biometrics raise a host of issues , especially in the national ID context .
As security expert Bruce Schneier has noted , " [ Biometrics ] do n't fail well .
Passwords can be changed , but if someone copies your thumbprint , you 're out of luck : you can't update your thumb .
Passwords can be backed up , but if you alter your thumbprint in an accident , you 're stuck . "
Moreover , Schneier adds :
[ B] iometrics are easy to steal .
You leave your fingerprints everywhere you touch , your iris scan everywhere you look .
Regularly , hackers have copied the prints of officials from objects they 've touched , and posted them on the Internet .
We have n't yet had an example of a large biometric database being hacked into , but the possibility is there .
Biometrics are unique identifiers , but they 're not secrets .
In any case , a federalized , mandatory identification scheme will be subject to mission creep from third parties .
Because of the ID card 's proposed universality , it will likely be requested and required by airlines , insurance agencies , health care providers , mortgage lenders , credit card companies , and so forth .
Those databases will become yet another high value target for hackers or again , unscrupulous individuals with valid access , and if biometric identification becomes the norm , the cost of losing control of your biometric identity information will probably be greater than today 's identity theft .
" The cards would not contain any private information , medical information or tracking devices . "
It 's important that they 're recognizing that radio frequency identification chips ( or RFIDs ) , are a disaster for holding data intended to be private or secure .
But let 's be clear that a persistent identifier itself can be used for tracking .
If third - party organizations wind up keeping track as we posit , then a simple subpoena or warrant could reveal when you got your job , when you signed up for a credit card , or when you started seeing a specialist physician .
Simply put , the lack of a dedicated " tracking device " does not equate to a lack of tracking .
This proposal is particularly worrisome because the heated emotions around immigration reform might drown out rational considerations about the effectiveness and cost of a biometric national ID card , not to mention the dire affront to personal freedom presented by such a scheme .
EFF will be keeping an eye out for more details , so stay tuned .
CARL Williams ' brain may be examined by scientists to analyse why he was a killer .
His ex wife , Roberta , has told New Idea magazine she has given permission for the examination for research into violent men .
" I believe it ’s to help with research , and might explain why guys like Carl do the violent things they do , she said .
She also hopes the gangland kingpin did n’t suffer .
" Although the attack was reported to be very violent , I hope he died quickly so at least he did n’t suffer , " she said .
" He ’d have been brain dead before the cardiac arrest and would n’t have known about it . ’’
Roberta is thought to be considering a lawsuit over her former husband ’s death , which may have been linked to testimony he was going to give regarding a long - running investigation .
And she has denied considering having twins through artificial insemination with Williams or considering re-marrying him , claiming she was no longer in love with him .
Williams will be buried near his friend , hitman Benji Veniamin , whose gravesite is at Keilor Cemetery , on Friday .
Roberta has cited her concerns the funeral will become a circus , hiring six security guards to shield her daughters from unwanted attention .
She also revealed that he will be farewelled ironically with classic song Funny Face .
Originally published as Carl 's brain donated to science
With just five words quietly slipped into legislation , Illinois lawmakers are moving to include tire burning in the state 's definition of renewable energy , a change that would benefit a south suburban incinerator with a long history of pollution problems .
Adding the " incineration or burning of tires " to a measure intended to boost wind and solar energy would clear the way for Geneva Energy to reap lucrative green energy credits for its troubled incinerator in Ford Heights , one of the poorest suburbs in the U.S .
The legislative change also would make the tire burner a player in the growing market for renewable energy in Illinois , where power companies must get at least 10 percent of their electricity from green sources by 2015 and 25 percent by 2025 .
Originally sponsored by Rep. David Miller a Dolton Democrat running for state comptroller , the measure would give tire burning , which generates large amounts of toxic air pollution , the same status as pollution - free wind and solar power .
It apparently is designed to benefit the state 's sole tire incinerator , in Miller 's district .
A House committee approved Miller 's bill last week , days after an investigator from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 's civil rights division interviewed state officials about the tire burner .
The agency is probing whether Illinois violated environmental justice laws by allowing the incinerator to operate in Ford Heights , a small village about 25 miles south of downtown Chicago , where more than 95 percent of the population is black and half live in poverty .
If the legislation pending on the House floor is approved , it would not only add tire incineration to the state 's renewable energy law but also revoke a specific ban that says green power " does not include the incineration or burning of tires . "
The bill is similar to one adopted in West Virginia , which also made coal waste eligible for renewable energy credits .
In Ohio , lawmakers rejected the idea last year .
" This is the sort of cynical legislative maneuvering that makes people question the credibility of our elected officials , " said Howard Learner , president of the Environmental Law and Policy Center .
" Burning tires is not clean , renewable energy by any credible definition . "
After learning about the incinerator bill , environmental groups are mobilizing to block it from passing out of the House this week .
The lobbying already might have had an effect .
Miller , an assistant House majority leader , took his name off the measure last week shortly after a committee approved his amendment .
He did n't return phone calls , instructing a receptionist to tell a Tribune reporter that it " no longer was his bill . "
" It 's one of those last - minute bills that just does n't make sense , " said Rep. Karen May , a Highland Park Democrat who voted against the bill .
" No matter what its supporters say , the average citizen is going to scratch their heads about this one . "
The green energy credits that the incinerator would qualify for under the legislation are commodities traded by emerging financial markets , similar to pork bellies and cattle futures .
They are intended to encourage more renewable , pollution - free energy and curb the amount of heat - trapping carbon dioxide released into the atmosphere .
The federal government considers incineration one of the least desirable ways to dispose of the nearly 300 million scrap tires Americans produce each year .
Once piled into landfills , shredded tires increasingly are being recycled in asphalt , playground cushioning , athletic tracks and other products .
The Ford Heights incinerator , one of only a handful of tire burners nationwide , has been plagued by environmental and financial problems since it opened in the mid-1990s .
Under the incinerator 's previous owners , the pollution problems were so bad that Illinois EPA inspectors visited the site several times a month .
The company had trouble finding buyers for its electricity after lawmakers repealed generous subsidies .
It declared bankruptcy in 2004 after the plant 's turbine exploded , shutting down the operation .
Despite widespread concerns about incineration , former Gov. Rod Blagojevich 's administration gave a new group of owners a chance to make the tire burner work in 2005 .
The administration agreed with investors who pitched incineration as a novel way to keep tires out of landfills .
" We certainly expect to run the plant differently than it was run before , " Emmitt George , one of the owners of Geneva Energy , told the Tribune that year .
Environmental and community groups have long criticized what they consider lax pollution limits for the tire burner .
Opponents object to , among other things , a lack of routine monitoring for hazardous , cancer - causing chemicals emitted by tire incineration , including benzene , butadiene and polycyclic aromatic hydrocarbons .
The state tests continuously only for sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxide , carbon monoxide and soot — other pollutants that contribute to the region 's dirty - air problems .
Because the plant does n't burn oil or coal , it is n't required to report its emissions to the Toxics Release Inventory , a federal database that allows citizens to track industrial pollution in their communities .
While the incinerator is equipped with pollution controls , its new owners have been accused repeatedly of violating the same environmental laws as the previous operators .
Illinois EPA inspectors have cited the plant four times since 2006 for exceeding limits on sulfur dioxide , nitrogen oxide and carbon monoxide , according to state records .
" Those violations speak for themselves , " said Keith Harley , a Chicago lawyer who represents a south suburban community group fighting the incinerator .
Company officials did not return telephone calls .
Jobs are scarce in Ford Heights , where the median household income is $ 17,500 , less than a third of the median in Cook County .
Miller has pushed environmental legislation to benefit a controversial polluter in the suburb before .
In 2004 , Blagojevich vetoed another Miller - sponsored bill after the Tribune reported it would have shielded an illegal Ford Heights dump from EPA inspectors .
Miller and other supporters said the landfill , operated by a businessman facing criminal charges for another illegal dump nearby , would be turned into a ski slope that would draw investment to Ford Heights .
mhawthorne@tribune.com
Getty Images
Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood has announced a “ major policy revision ” that aims to give bicycling and walking the same policy and economic consideration as driving .
“ Today I want to announce a sea change , ” he wrote on his blog last week .
“ This is the end of favoring motorized transportation at the expense of nonmotorized . ”
The new policy , which was introduced a few days after Mr. LaHood gave a well - received speech from atop a table at the National Bike Summit , is said to reflect the Transportation Department ’s support for the development of fully integrated transportation networks .
It calls on state and local governments to go beyond minimum planning and maintenance requirements to provide convenient and safe amenities for bikers and walkers .
“ Walking and biking should not be an afterthought in roadway design , ” the policy states .
Transportation agencies are urged to take action on a number of fronts , including the creation of pathways for bike riders and pedestrians on bridges , and providing children with safe biking and walking routes to schools .
They are also encouraged to find ways to make such improvements in concert with road maintenance projects and to protect sidewalks and bike lanes in the same manner as roads ( by clearing them of snow , for example ) .
Mr. LaHood also indicated the department is discouraging “ transportation investments that negatively affect cyclists and pedestrians . ”
Not surprisingly , the news had bike enthusiasts excited .
“ It is simply the strongest statement of support for prioritizing bicycling and walking ever to come from a sitting secretary of transportation , ” said Darren Flusche , policy analyst for the League of American Bicyclists .
Nonetheless , some business groups have expressed concern that giving walking and biking the same policy considerations as other transportation modes , as Mr. LaHood recommended , would impede progress on other fronts .
“ Treating bicycles and other nonmotorized transportation as equal to motorized transportation would cause an economic catastrophe , ” warned Carter Wood , a senior adviser at the National Association of Manufacturers .
“ If put it into effect , the policy would more than undermine any effort the Obama Administration has made toward jobs .
You ca n’t have jobs without the efficient movement of freight . ”
At a House appropriations committee hearing last week , Congressman Steven LaTourette , Republican of Ohio , brought up the new policy and asked a Transportation Department official to clarify what Mr. LaHood means by “ equal treatment . ”
“ If we ’re going to spend $ 1 million on a road , we ’re not going to have half of it go to a bike lane and half of it go to cars ? ” he asked , according to a transcript of the hearing .
“ My interpretation of that would be equal in the eyes of policymakers as what is the expenditure you make , what is the benefit you get , ” responded Roy Kienitz , D.O.T.’s under secretary for policy .
“ And if the freight project offers the best bang , great , but if the bike project offers a good bang , great for them . ”
“ I do n’t even understand how you get a bang for the buck out of a bicycle project , ” Mr. LaTourette subsequently commented .
“ I mean , what job is going to be created by having a bike lane ? ”
Presenting a detailed look at " Repo 105 " - the next soundbite sure to fill the airwaves over the next weeks and months , as more and more banks are uncovered to be using this borderline criminal accounting gimmick to make their leverage ratios look better .
This is the first time we have heard this loophole abuse by a bank , be it defunct ( Lehman ) or existing ( everyone else ) .
There should be an immediate investigation into how many other banks are currently taking advantage of this artificial scheme to manipulate and misrepresent their cap ratio , and just why the New York Fed can claim it had no idea of this very critical component of the Shadow Economy .
From the report :
Lehman employed off - balance sheet devices , known within Lehman as “ Repo 105 ” and “ Repo 108 ” transactions , to temporarily remove securities inventory from its balance sheet , usually for a period of seven to ten days , and to create a materially misleading picture of the firm ’s financial condition in late 2007 and 2008 .
Repo 105 transactions were nearly identical to standard repurchase and resale ( “ repo ” ) transactions that Lehman ( and other investment banks ) used to secure short - term financing , with a critical difference : Lehman accounted for Repo 105 transactions as “ sales ” as opposed to financing transactions based upon the overcollateralization or higher than normal haircut in a Repo 105 transaction .
By recharacterizing the Repo 105 transaction as a “ sale , ” Lehman removed the inventory from its balance sheet .
Lehman regularly increased its use of Repo 105 transactions in the days prior to reporting periods to reduce its publicly reported net leverage and balance sheet .
Lehman ’s periodic reports did not disclose the cash borrowing from the Repo 105 transaction – i.e. , although Lehman had in effect borrowed tens of billions of dollars in these transactions , Lehman did not disclose the known obligation to repay the debt .
Lehman used the cash from the Repo 105 transaction to pay down other liabilities , thereby reducing both the total liabilities and the total assets reported on its balance sheet and lowering its leverage ratios .
Thus , Lehman ’s Repo 105 practice consisted of a two - step process : ( 1 ) undertaking Repo 105 transactions followed by ( 2 ) the use of Repo 105 cash borrowings to pay down liabilities , thereby reducing leverage .
A few days after the new quarter began , Lehman would borrow the necessary funds to repay the cash borrowing plus interest , repurchase the securities , and restore the assets to its balance sheet .
Lehman never publicly disclosed its use of Repo 105 transactions , its accounting treatment for these transactions , the considerable escalation of its total Repo 105 usage in late 2007 and into 2008 , or the material impact these transactions had on the firm ’s publicly reported net leverage ratio .
According to former Global Financial Controller Martin Kelly , a careful review of Lehman ’s Forms 10 ? K and 10 ? Q would not reveal Lehman ’s use of Repo 105 transactions .
Lehman failed to disclose its Repo 105 practice even though Kelly believed “ that the only purpose or motive for the transactions was reduction in balance sheet ; ” felt that “ there was no substance to the transactions ; ” and expressed concerns with Lehman ’s Repo 105 program to two consecutive Lehman Chief Financial Officers – Erin Callan and Ian Lowitt – advising them that the lack of economic substance to Repo 105 transactions meant “ reputational risk ” to Lehman if the firm ’s use of the transactions became known to the public .
In addition to its material omissions , Lehman affirmatively misrepresented in its financial statements that the firm treated all repo transactions as financing transactions – i.e. , not sales – for financial reporting purposes .
And here is the Fed punchline , as it once again implicates Tim Geithner :
From 2003 to 2009 , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner served as President of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York ( “ FRBNY ” ) .
The Examiner described to Secretary Geithner how Lehman used Repo 105 transactions to remove approximately $ 50 billion of liquid assets from the balance sheet at quarter - end in 2008 and explained that this practice reduced Lehman ’s net leverage .
Secretary Geithner “ did not recall being aware of ” Lehman ’s Repo 105 program , but stated : “ If this had been a bank we were supervising , that [ i.e. , Lehman ’s Repo 105 program ] would have been a huge issue for the New York Fed . ”
And even though the Fed should have been fully aware of any shadow transaction be they " matched book " repos or the " 105 variety , nobody had any clue .
Just who the hell was regulating banks ???
Jan Voigts , who was an Examining Officer in FRBNY ’s Bank Supervision Department , had no knowledge of Lehman removing assets from its balance sheet at or near quarter - end via a repo trade treated as a true sale under a United Kingdom opinion letter .
Arthur Angulo , who was a Senior Vice President in FRBNY ’s Bank Supervision department , likewise was unaware that Lehman engaged in repo transactions at quarter - end , under a United Kingdom true sale opinion letter , where the assets would be returned to Lehman ’s balance sheet following the end of the reporting period .
Angulo said that the described repo transactions appeared to go “ beyond other types of [ permissible ] balance sheet management . "
Angulo also said that he would have wanted to know about off - market transactions where Lehman accepted a higher haircutthan a repo seller normally would accept for a certain type of collateral .
Thomas Baxter , FRBNY General Counsel , had no knowledge of Repo 105 transactions , either by name or design .
Baxter was generally aware of firms using quarter - end and month - end “ balance sheet window - dressing , ” but did not recall this being an issue linked to Lehman specifically .
Stunningly , nobody at the SEC was aware of Lehman 's Repo 105 program .
And guess what : NEITHER DID DICK FULD .
This is unbelievable - the criminality reaches to the very top , yet the very top denies all knowledge .
Richard Fuld , Lehman ’s former Chief Executive Officer denied any recollection of Lehman ’s use of Repo 105 transactions .
Fuld said he had no knowledge that Lehman treated any kind of repo transaction as a true sale or that Lehman ever removed from its balance sheet assets transferred in a repo transaction .
In addition , Fuld did not recall having seen any reports referencing the amount of the firm ’s Repo 105 activity .
Fuld further stated that he did not know that Lehman removed approximately $ 49 and $ 50 billion in inventory off its balance sheet at quarter - end
through the use of Repo 105 transactions in first quarter 2008 and second quarter 2008 , respectively .
Fuld said , however , that if he had learned that Lehman was temporarily cleansing its balance sheet of assets at quarter - end through Repo 105 transactions , it would have concerned him .
Evidence , however , suggests that Fuld is blatantly lying :
Fuld ’s denial of recollection must be weighed by a trier of fact against other evidence .
Fuld recalled having many conversations with his executives about reducing net leverage and emphasized to the Examiner how important it was for Lehman to reduce its net leverage .
The night before the March 28 , 2008 Executive Committee meeting , Fuld received materials for the meeting , including an agenda of topics including “ Repo 105/108 ” and “ Delever v Derisk ” and a presentation that referenced Lehman ’s quarter - end Repo 105 usage for first quarter 2008 – $ 49.1 billion .
The materials also were forwarded by Fuld ’s assistant to other Lehman executives .
It appears that Fuld did not attend the March 28 meeting , but Bart McDade recalled having specific discussions with Fuld about Lehman ’s Repo 105 usage in June 2008 .
Sometime that month , McDade spoke to Fuld about reducing Lehman ’s use of Repo 105 transactions .
McDade walked Fuld through the Balance Sheet and Key Disclosures document ( reproduced in part below ) and discussed with Fuld Lehman ’s quarter - end Repo 105 usage – $ 38.6 billion at year - end 2007 ; $ 49.1 billion at first quarter 2008 ; and $ 50.3 billion at second quarter 2008 .
Based upon their conversation , McDade understood that “ Fuld knew , at a basic level , that Repo 105 was used in the firm ’s bond business ” and that Fuld “ was familiar with the term Repo 105 . ” 3524 McDade recalled that when he advised Fuld in June 2008 that Lehman should reduce its Repo 105 usage to $ 25 billion , “ Fuld understood that this would put pressure on traders .
” 3525 McDade also recalled that “ Fuld knew about the accounting of Repo 105 . "
Combing through the Appendix on what collateral was actually " sold " ( only to be promptly bought back ) in Repo 105s :
Most securities Lehman used in Repo 105 transactions were “ governmental ” in nature , implying a certain level of liquidity .
While representing a relatively small percentage of Lehman ’s total Repo 105 assets / securities , at times the nominal amount of non-” governmental ” securities Lehman used in Repo 105 transactions was quite large .
For example , as of February 29 , 2008 ( the end of Lehman ’s first quarter 2008 ) , Lehman utilized over $ 1 billion of highly structured securities , i.e. , CLOs and CDOs , private RMBS , CMBS and asset - backed securities , in Repo 105 transactions .
In the market environment that existed for Lehman in early 2008 , these structured securities were likely relatively illiquid as indicated by declines in origination volumes , wider bid - offer spreads , and higher margin requirements .
In August 2008 , just before it was over , the firm allowed $ 55 million , or seven securities , rated CCC to be included in a Repo 105 transaction .
The next chart makes it evident it that 105s were used simply to game the firm 's assets into quarter end ( yellow highlights ) , by reducing overall asset for leverage ratio calculations .
That this scam was going unsupervised ( just who the hell were the counterparties ? ) for many years , and that many banks are likely using it right now to fool investors , regulators , rating agencies , and the idiots at the FRBNY ( who certainly also know about this ) , is beyond criminal .
Yet that nobody will go to jail for this is as certain as the market going up another 10 % tomorrow .
A full investigation has to be conducted immediately into whether existing Wall Street firms , and in particular those who use Ernst & Young as auditors , are currently abusing public confidence via such transactions .
Full report
Repo 105
Copy / paste the following text into your website to embed .
All their mom wanted was for Allen to find a home .
But they wound up finding something even better ... each other .
Starring Nick Kocher and Brian McElhaney from
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 April 2
Serene Paraselene
Image Credit & Copyright : Tamas Ladanyi ( TWAN )
Explanation : Nestled in the Austrian Alps , frozen Lake Ossiach stretches across the foreground of this serene view .
Recorded on March 1 , the night sky includes a nearly full Moon and bright planet Saturn seen through thin clouds near picture center .
It also includes a remarkably bright and colorful moondog or paraselene at the left .
Analogous to a sundog or parhelion , the paraselene is produced by moonlight shining through thin , hexagonal - shaped ice crystals in high cirrus clouds .
As determined by the ice crystal geometry , the Moon is 22 degrees from the lovely paraselene .
Press Release
Cornell maps the world ’s photos
FOR RELEASE : April 23 , 2009
ITHACA , NY – Cornell University computer scientists used a supercomputer at the Cornell Center for Advanced Computing to download and analyze nearly 35 million Flickr photos taken by over 300,000 photographers from around the globe .
Their main goal was to develop new methods to automatically organize and label large - scale collections of digital data .
A secondary result of the research was the generation of statistics on the world 's most photographed cities and landmarks , gleaned from the analysis of the multi-terabyte photo collection :
• The top 25 most photographed cities in the Flickr data are : ( 1 ) New York City ( 2 ) London ( 3 ) San Francisco ( 4 ) Paris ( 5 ) Los Angeles ( 6 ) Chicago ( 7 ) Washington , DC ( 8 ) Seattle ( 9 ) Rome ( 10 ) Amsterdam ( 11 ) Boston ( 12 ) Barcelona ( 13 ) San Diego ( 14 ) Berlin ( 15 ) Las Vegas ( 16 ) Florence ( 17 ) Toronto ( 18 ) Milan ( 19 ) Vancouver ( 20 ) Madrid ( 21 ) Venice ( 22 ) Philadelphia ( 23 ) Austin ( 24 ) Dublin ( 25 ) Portland .
• The top seven most photographed landmarks are : ( 1 ) Eiffel Tower - Paris ( 2 ) Trafalgar Square - London ( 3 ) Tate Modern museum - London ( 4 ) Big Ben - London ( 5 ) Notre Dame - Paris ( 6 ) The Eye - London ( 7 ) Empire State Building - New York City .
The study also identified the seven most photographed landmarks in each of the top 25 cities .
Most of these landmarks are well - known tourist attractions , but some surprising results emerged .
For example , one striking result in the Flickr data is that the Apple Store in midtown Manhattan is the 5th - most photographed place in New York City – and , in fact , the 28th - most photographed place in the world .
Cornell developed techniques to automatically identify places that people find interesting to photograph , showing results for thousands of locations at both city and landmark scales .
" We developed classification methods for characterizing these locations from visual , textual and temporal features , " says Daniel Huttenlocher , the John P. and Rilla Neafsey Professor of Computing , Information Science and Business and Stephen H. Weiss Fellow .
" These methods reveal that both visual and temporal features improve the ability to estimate the location of a photo compared to using just textual tags . "
Cornell 's technique of finding representative images is a practical way of summarizing large collections of images .
The scalability of the method allows for automatically mining the information latent in very large sets of images , raising the intriguing possibility of an online travel guidebook that could automatically identify the best sites to visit on your next vacation , as judged by the collective wisdom of the world 's photographers .
To perform the data analysis , the researchers used a mean shift procedure and ran their application on a 480 - core Linux - based Dell PowerEdge 2950 supercomputer at the Cornell Center for Advanced Computing ( CAC ) called the “ Hadoop Cluster . ”
Hadoop is a framework used to run applications on large clusters of computers .
It uses a computational paradigm called Map / Reduce to divide applications into small segments of work , each of which can be executed on any node of the cluster .
“ As the creation of digital data accelerates , " says CAC Director David Lifka , " supercomputers and high - performance storage systems will be essential in order to quickly store , archive , preserve , and retrieve large - scale data collections . ”
The results of this research were presented in April 2009 at the 18th International World Wide Web Conference in Madrid .
Details are available in the paper entitled " Mapping the World 's Photos " by Cornell Computer Science researchers David Crandall , Lars Backstrom , Daniel Huttenlocher , and Jon Kleinberg .
Visualizations from the project show how planetary - scale datasets can provide insight into different kinds of human activity – in this case those based on image ; on locales , landmarks , and focal points scattered throughout the world ; and on the ways in which people are drawn to them .
This research was supported in part by the National Science Foundation ( NSF ) and by funding from Google , Yahoo ! and the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation .
The Cornell Center for Advanced Computing is supported by Cornell University , the NSF , DOD , USDA , and members of its corporate program .
[ ad#kir1 ]
Well there has been much said about webGL and html5 .
I personally keep an eye on html5 standards .
Guys at google wanted to test how well html5 can handle js with webGl .
Being geeks they tried porting the ever famous quake 2 to html5 using Jake2 Java port of the Quake II engine , then used the Google Web Toolkit ( along with WebGL , WebSockets , and a lot of refactoring ) to cross -compile it into Javascript .
Which by itself is like phew !!
As many of you would know that html5 is a serious competitor for adobe flash .
But Html5 and webGL has its limitation , Currently 30 frames is something really huge for webGl but for flash its nothing really
Once the webGl standard become available and public .
Online Gaming will have a overhauled look :) .
The best part is the quake 2 game is in google code .
To have a peek Click here
An video is also going viral about this check it out .
U’ll be thrilled 🙂
[ ad#kir2 ]
Newly discovered pieces of amber have given scientists a peek into the Africa of 95 million years ago , when flowering plants blossomed across Earth and the animal world scrambled to adapt .
Suspended in the stream of time were ancestors of modern spiders , wasps and ferns , but the prize is a wingless ant ( above ) that challenges current notions about the origins of that globe - spanning insect family .
" Most specimens represent a unique fossil record of their group from Africa , and some are among the oldest records in the world , " wrote researchers in a paper April 5 in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The amber , which is formed when plant resin fossilizes , preserving flora and fauna trapped within , was found in what is now northwest Ethiopia .
Ninety - five million years ago , it was part of a disintegrating Gondwana , one of two vast land masses that spawned the seven modern continents .
Most amber deposits have been found in former parts of Laurasia , the other supercontinent of the time .
The Gondwana record is relatively sparse .
The amber in the latest study dates to the middle of the Cretaceous era , which followed the dinosaur - dominated Jurassic and witnessed the rise of mammals , birds and flowering plants .
Mammals get most of the attention , but changes to flora were just as profound .
Before the Cretaceous , flowering plants — which are now the most diverse type of terrestrial plant — did n't exist .
By the mid-Cretaceous , they dominated the land .
Existing plants and animals had to adapt , filling the flowery new niches .
The new study is a snapshot of that process .
While it will take years to interpret the ecological tales trapped in the new amber , one important story is already suggested .
Inside the Ethiopian amber is an ant that looks nothing like ants found in Cretaceous amber from France and Burma .
Those deposits had placed the origin of ants in Laurasia .
That 's no longer certain .
" The Ethiopian amber is of great importance for improving our knowledge of the evolutionary history of terrestrial arthropods , plants and Fungi , " wrote the researchers .
* Images : Photos From Alexander Schmidt / PNAS : 1 ) Wingless ant ; 2 ) False fairy wasp ;
3 ) Tree fern ; 4 ) Springtail .
Diagram : Breakup of Pangea ./ USGS .
*
See Also :
Citation : “ Cretaceous African life captured in amber , ” by Alexander Schmidt , Vincent Perrichot , Matthias Svojtka , Ken Anderson , Kebede Belete , Robert Bussert , Heinrich Dörfelt , Saskia Jancke , BarbaraMohr , Eva Mohrmann , Paul C. Nascimbene , André Nel , Patricia Nel , Eugenio Ragazzi , Guido Roghi , Erin E. Saupe , Kerstin Schmidt , Harald Schneider , Paul A. Selden , and Norbert Vávra .
Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , Vol. 107 No. 14 , April 5 , 2010 .
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and reportorial outtakes ; Wired Science on Twitter .
Brandon is currently working on a book about ecological tipping points .
1 of 1 2 of 1
The B.C. government had employees who were " embedded " within the CTV and NBC television networks during the Olympics , according to Tourism , Culture and the Arts Minister Kevin Krueger .
" We did creative work for years leading up to the Olympics , " Krueger said in the legislature on March 30 .
" We provided images , and we still are , to NBC and CTV .
We provided video .
We provided still photography .
We provided written stories .
We had employees who were embedded in those news organizations .
They did a wonderful job . "
Krueger offered up this relevation during debate over his ministry 's spending estimates in the coming year .
( The Straight has previously reported that the government was considering the Olympic broadcasters ' needs several years ago when it created the " Best Place on Earth " advertising campaign . )
Krueger 's comment about government employees being embedded within news organizations came while NDP tourism critic Spencer Herbert was peppering him with questions about his ministry 's " You gotta be here " advertising campaign .
" The fact is , as I 've already told the member , that we had a $ 38.6 million budget for the ' You gotta be here ' campaign , " Krueger said .
" We did n't spend it on advertising British Columbia to British Columbians . "
Herbert noted that the ads appeared on billboards in the Downtown Eastside and other areas , which suggested that this was advertising directed at British Columbians .
" Can the minister tell me how , after October last year , all of a sudden we decided to spend massive amounts on billboards , massive amounts on bus shelters , massive amounts on television advertising within British Columbia , when the minister committed to me in this very place that we would n't be spending any ? "
Herbert said .
" I asked specifically about billboards .
The minister said : ' No , we were n't spending any money on billboards . ' "
The following day , Krueger admitted that some of the " You gotta be here " advertising was directed at British Columbians .
" In recognition of the province 's contributions to the Games , in late November VANOC offered the government advertising space free of charge — we had believed that it was yesterday — in various locations of the Lower Mainland , which included billboards , transit shelters , exterior bus and platform posters , Waterfront station , videos on SkyTrain and Canada Line platforms at Canada Place and B.C. Place , and venue posters at B.C. Place , GM Place , and Pacific Coliseum , " Krueger said .
" The creative production and printing for these were paid out of the ' You gotta be here ' campaign budget .
VANOC did the installations with their resources . "
He said that in early 2010 , radio ads with the " You gotta be here " tag line ran during the Olympics and Paralympics to persuade people to visit Robson Square and the B.C. Pavilion .
" Those ads ran February 12 and 13 and then , briefly , during the Paralympics , " Krueger added .
" I was unaware of that until after our discussions yesterday . "
Follow Charlie Smith on Twitter at twitter.com /csmithstraight .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The pressure is mounting on prime minister Abhisit Vejjajiva , after Thailand 's army chief called for parliament to be dissolved .
Election officials have also ruled that Mr Vejjajiva 's party can be charged over illegal donations .
Twenty - one people died in clashes between troops and anti-government protesters over the weekend , in the worst political violence in Thailand for nearly 20 years .
As Alistair Leithead reports from Bangkok , one of the dead was a Japanese cameraman working for Reuters whose last footage has been released .
A Birmingham man was arrested for child abuse after authorities say he slapped his toddler daughter for eating his Pringles .
Justin James Warren Green , 22 , was arrested Friday but bonded out of the county jail this morning , said Jefferson County Chief Deputy Randy Christian .
Investigators said the 2 - year - old girl was taken to the emergency room at St. Vincent 's East last week with a large hand print and abrasion on the left side of her face .
The hospital staff summoned sheriff 's deputies and social service workers .
Green , Christian said , went to the hospital but was escorted out by hospital staff .
The district attorney 's office agreed that the case merited child abuse charges , Christian said .
Deputies interviewed Green Friday and he confessed to hitting his daughter because she was eating his barbecue Pringles .
He was charged with willful abuse of a child and held on $ 10,000 bond until today .
" How do you slap a 2 - year - old girl over anything ? "
Christian said , " much less something as silly as she 's eating your barbecue Pringles . "
The world 's smallest book has gone on sale .
For £ 69 you 'll get a 26 - page , leather bound volume which measures 2.4 m m by 2.9 mm and has a letter of the alphabet on each page .
Tweezers to turn the pages
But you 'll need a magnifying glass to read it and tweezers to turn the pages !
Alexander Nedo , director of the German publishing company , Die Gestalten Verlag said : " It was printed in the usual way , but all the machinery and tools had to be created in miniature first . "
The publishers expect the book to be a collector 's item and only 30 copies have been printed , compared to the normal 100,000 .
U.S. and Iraqi officials have today announced that two " Al - Qaeda in Iraq " leaders have been killed in an air strike carried out by American troops .
A major flaw in the story that seems to have been overlooked , is that both of the men have already been reported captured and killed on several occasions , with U.S. officials also having previously declared one of them a " fictional character " that was invented by the other !
The Washington Post reports :
The deaths of Abu Ayyub al - Masri , the leader of al - Qaeda in Iraq , and Abu Omar al - Baghdadi , the head of an umbrella group that includes al - Qaeda in Iraq , should disrupt insurgent attacks inside the country , officials said .
Their slayings could also provide Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki ( pictured above ) with a decisive political boost at a critical time .
" The death of these terrorists is potentially the most significant blow to al - Qaeda in Iraq since the beginning of the insurgency , " Gen. Ray Odierno , the top commander of U.S. troops in Iraq said in a statement .
" There is still work to do but this is a significant step forward in ridding Iraq [ of ] terrorists . "
The two insurgent leaders were said to have been killed on Saturday in a night raid involving Iraqi and American forces .
Reuters reports :
United States military officials confirmed that Iraqi security forces had killed the two men .
" The death of these two terrorists is a potentially devastating blow to Al Qaeda in Iraq , " the American command said in a statement .
He ( the Iraqi prime minister ) said the house was destroyed , and the two bodies were found in a hole in the ground where they had apparently been hiding .
Bizarrely , the Reuters piece quotes the Iraqi prime minister pinpointing the location of the raid as " a house in Thar - Thar , a rural area 50 miles west of Baghdad that is regarded as a hotbed of Qaeda activity " , however , the Washington Post report quotes U.S. officials saying the raid occurred " a few miles southwest of Tikrit " .
If you look at a map of Iraq , those two descriptions do not entirely add up , unless you consider " a few miles " to be over 100 .
Certainly a more specific location could have been given .
However , that is perhaps the least of the problems surrounding this story .
Anyone who reads the news should be feeling a profound sense of d�j� vu , because almost a year ago to the day , al - Baghdadi was reported captured by Iraqi security forces .
His arrest was confirmed by Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki , the same man now purporting that Baghdadi has been killed in a raid .
Al - Baghdadi was the replacement al - CIA - da boogie man for Abu Musab al - Zarqawi , who was also previously reported captured and killed on several occasions , after al - Zarqawi was laid to rest for good by the PR arm of the Pentagon in 2006 .
The announcement of al - Baghdadi�s capture year ago , jarred with multiple previous reports over a two years period , detailing his arrest , his death and even questioning his existence altogether .
In March 2007 , the Interior Ministry of Iraq claimed that al - Baghdadi had been captured in Baghdad .
This was reported by AP and picked up by the likes of CNN , whose report stated that another insurgent had positively confirmed al - Baghdadi�s identity .
The U.S. military denied that al - Baghdadi was in their custody , however , and one day later Iraqi officials retracted their statements regarding his arrest .
Indeed this back and forth announcement of capture and later retraction occurred three times in the space of one week .
Then one month later , on May 3 , 2007 , the Iraqi Interior Ministry announced that al - Baghdadi had been killed by American and Iraqi forces north of Baghdad .
However , in July 2007 , the U.S. military declared that al - Baghdadi had never actually existed and was , for all intents and purposes , a myth .
A reportedly high ranking " Al Qaeda in Iraq " detainee identified as Khaled al - Mashhadani , then claimed that al - Baghdadi was a fictional character created to give an Iraqi face to a foreign - run terror group , and that the " Islamic State of Iraq " was a " virtual organisation in cyberspace " created by al - Qaeda in Iraq leader Abu Ayub al Masri .
The person claiming to be Baghdadi continued to release video and audiotapes attacking U.S. occupation of Iraq , but refused to show his face .
The U.S. military�s claim that Baghdadi is a fictitious character was then challenged in May 2008 after a police chief in Haditha said Baghdadi�s real identity is Hamed Dawood Mohammed Khalil al Zawi .
" He was an officer in the security services and was dismissed from the army because of his extremism , " the police chief told al Arabiya television .
A year later , in April 2009 , following his latest capture , the Iraqi government displayed a picture of Baghdadi for the first time , adding that they were attempting to glean information from him .
The Al Qaeda - linked group the Islamic State of Iraq denied the government reports that al - Baghdadi had been captured , and according to the SITE Institute , released a " genuine " recording of Baghdadi announcing that he was still at large .
But Iraqi officials then released a video of Baghdadi�s interrogation , in which he claimed responsibility for the bombing of a Shia shrine in Samarra in February 2006 , and also described how his terrorist group was funded .
However , tapes and messages continued to be released throughout 2009 in the name of Baghdadi , claiming that he had not been captured and spurring on militants in Iraq .
Up to the present day in 2010 , such messages continued to be reported on by mainstream sources , such as the Associated Press , without any explanation as to how a captured terrorist could be releasing the material .
Now Baghdadi has been reported killed again !
The story becomes even more intriguing given that the second man reported to have been killed and found in a ditch last Saturday was Abu Ayub al Masri � the " creator " of the fictional character of al - Baghdadi .
Al Masri himself was also reported to have been killed in May 2007 .
He then rose from the dead to be captured in May 2008 in a joint US - Iraqi operation .
Prime Minister al - Maliki�s presumed amnesia over the fact that he already annouced Baghdadi captured less than twelve months ago becomes more suspect when you take into account that he is trying to negotiate support for his State of Law coalition following parliamentary elections in which it emerged only as the second largest bloc .
Presumably the ridiculous loose ends of this soap opera will now be tied off and memory holed � although we cannot put it past al Masri and his imaginary friend to rise from the grave one more time a year down the line , particularly given that the Baghdadi character keeps being resurrected and acknowledged by the Iraqi government , the U.S. military and the mainstream media .
This saga is another example of how a manufactured smoke and mirrors propaganda veils reality .
The " war on terror " mantra continues to be propagated as justification to wage permanent occupation and control over the middle east by the global elite .
Already Joe Biden is parading around , announcing the news as a " devastating blow " delivered to Al Qaeda .
Al Qaeda in Iraq , al Zarqawi , al Baghdadi and the legions of other al qaeda operatives who have been reportedly captured and killed over and over are used as interchangeable PR tools .
Are or were any of them ever real ?
Possibly .
Was there more than one Baghdadi ?
Maybe .
However those facts matter little now .
Once again 99 % of the corporate media will no doubt enthusiastically champion the latest killings as a key victory in the continuing war on terror , and the majority of Americans who even notice will not take a second glance at the ludicrous back story .
Mäster Wiesenhof zu Massentierhaltung : " Der Verbraucher ist schuld "
Wir liefern nur , was die Verbraucher wollen , verteidigt sich der Marktführer bei Geflügel .
Man müsste jedes Jahr neue Mastbetriebe eröffnen , um die Nachfrage zu decken .
Deutschlands größter Hühnerbaron , Paul - Heinz Wesjohann , wäscht seine Hände in Unschuld .
Zwar ist die Unternehmensgruppe PHW mit ihrer Marke " Wiesenhof " unter seiner Führung zum bundesweit wichtigsten Hühnermäster aufgestiegen .
Die Stallanlagen mit teilweise mehr als 200.000 Hühnern werden wegen der Haltungsbedingungen und Umweltbelastungen heftig kritisiert .
Doch Wesjohann , der fast jedes zweite deutsche Hähnchen produziert , sieht die Verantwortung nicht bei sich , sondern bei den Konsumenten .
Die entschieden schließlich über die Art der Haltung : über " bio " mit mehr Platz für jedes Tier oder " konventionell " mit seinen niedrigeren Standards .
" Das , was der Verbraucher wünscht , das werden wir ihm auch liefern " , sagte der Geflügelunternehmer dazu bei einem Gespräch der Grünen - Bundestagsfraktion über Massentierhaltung am Montag in Berlin .
In einem im Januar veröffentlichten Video aus einer Wiesenhof - Anlage war zu sehen , wie Arbeiter Geflügel ohne Betäubung den Hals umdrehen , verängstigt flatternde Tiere brutal in Transportkisten stopfen und diese aus mehreren Metern Höhe zu Boden fallen lassen .
" Wir haben keine Farmen , die wir selbst führen , sondern haben alle Farmen verpachtet an selbstständige Leute " , sagte Wesjohann .
In dem im Video gezeigten Fall von Tierquälerei hätte Wesjohann zufolge die Farmleiterin eingreifen müssen .
Die PHW - Gruppe ist fein raus .
Digitaz - Abo Abonnieren
Sie die Digitaz und lesen
Sie abends schon die komplette taz von morgen .
Direkt auf Ihrem Computer .
Einen Monat lang .
Für nur 10 Euro .
Auch die ständigen Stallneubauten rechtfertigte Wesjohann , der vor kurzem den PHW - Chefsessel an seinen Sohn übergeben hat und jetzt als Berater für das Unternehmen tätig ist .
Jedes
Jahr müsse PHW zusätzlich 40 Mastbetriebe mit jeweils 40.000 Hühnern unter Vertrag nehmen , um die steigende Nachfrage nach Geflügelfleisch zu decken .
" Wenn wir hier in Deutschland nicht das Fleisch produzieren , dann machen das andere " , argumentierte der Unternehmer .
Anderswo seien die Tierschutz - und Hygienebestimmungen möglicherweise laxer .
Eckehard Niemann , Sprecher des Bürgerinitiativen - Netzwerks " Bauernhöfe statt Agrarfabriken " hält solche Argumente für " zynisch " .
Wesjohann könne über seinen Lobbyeinfluss die Gesetzesvorgaben mitbestimmen .
Er führe den Verbraucher an der Nase herum , wenn PHW mit dem Namen Wiesenhof und einem Fachwerkhaus im Logo werbe , sein Fleisch aber in gigantischen Agrarfabriken produziere .
Und milliardenschwere Firmen wie PHW würden mit Kampfpreisen die kleinen Bauern in die Knie zwingen .
" Die Landwirte " , sagte Niemann , " werden in die Haltungsformen gezwungen . "
***
Dieser
Text ist für Sie kostenlos verfügbar .
Dennoch wurde er nicht ohne Kosten hergestellt !
Wenn Ihnen der
Text gefallen hat , würden wir uns freuen , wenn Sie der taz dafür einen kleinen Betrag bezahlen .
Das können wenige Cent sein - wir überlassen es Ihnen .
Für unabhängigen Journalismus : taz - Konto 39316106 | BLZ : 10010010 | Postbank Berlin - Verwendungszweck " taz.de " .
Are we really thinking about the implications of that ?
I 've already reported studies that show Americans are now far more likely to pay their other bills first before their mortgage ( which is a big turnaround historically speaking . )
That means they pay off their credit cards , cable bills , car loans in place of their home loans .
Some are forced to , while others are doing so strategically .
Do n't get me started again on strategic defaults ...
Paul Jackson , publisher of Housingwire.com , wrote a fascinating article last week that put this into real cash perspective .
He cites an older stat of 7.4 million delinquent loans , but you 'll get the picture .
First he describes a case study of someone who applied for the government 's Home Affordable Modification Program .
The person had an $ 1,880.00 monthly mortgage payment on which they 'd defaulted , but said person 's monthly bank statement showed payments to a tanning salon , nail spa , liquor stores , DirecTV bill with premium charges , and $ 1,700.00 in retail purchases from The Gap , Old Navy , Home Depot , Sears , etc .
Writes Jackson :
Computer anti-malware firm Intego has identified a new variant of malware for Mac OS X , dubbed HellRTS.D.
When installed on your machine , it opens a backdoor that lets hackers take control of your machine without your knowledge .
The HellRTS.D variant is based on malware first discovered in 2004 .
This latest variant is a Universal binary capable of infecting both PowerPC and Intel - based Macs .
It does so by setting up its own server that is added to your login items , giving remote access to your machine .
The software can also make a copy of itself and rename itself to appear to be one of your legitimately installed applications , making it harder to spot .
The current threat from this malware is actually quite low at the moment , as the backdoor would need to be installed by someone with physical access to your computer .
Intego notes that it could be deployed as a trojan , using social engineering to convince an unsuspecting user that the installer is actually something else .
No copies are known to be spread in the wild , but Intego said that it is being distributed via forums known to be used by malicious hackers .
Naturally , Intego's VirusBarrier X6 can identify and eliminate the malware if it does make it into the wild and somehow ends up on your machine .
Maybe it is the fact that he does n’t ask , I just did what I wanted to do .
It did n’t feel like a chore this time , something I was obligated to do .
I should n’t have to feel obligated to do anything during sex .
Just relax and enjoy .
Laying on my back , my head was propped up by a pillow .
I could comfortably look down and see only his chin and mouth moving , feel his tongue working my clit .
His knees were up near my shoulders and so everything was backwards as his usual place is between my knees .
But I liked it better this way .
I could look at his fantastically tight body without having to worry about him seeing me do it .
His cock was hanging down and I started slowly stroking it with my hand .
He laid on his side , knees bent and closed , pulling the bottom half of my body onto it ’s side .
I watched myself give him a hand job , increasing my speed and grip a bit .
A little bit of wetness ( I love this little bit of wetness ) dripped out of the end of his dick , onto my hand , making it slide easier .
I was getting …hungry .
I turned onto my side and brought my head closer to his cock .
I pushed his knees back , legs straight and out of my way .
As soon as I put the head of his cock in my mouth , his knees spread to give me better access .
I drove it as far back into my throat as I could stand it , choking myself a little in the process .
My eyes were closed , I could feel the hair on his thighs rubbing against my cheeks .
He opened his legs more , giving me more room to work .
Picking my head up off of his legs let me move more freely .
I can take more of him in my mouth .
He likes it fast .
I do n’t .
I try to give him what he wants .
I open my eyes and am amazed at the amount of hair , short and very tightly curled , between his balls and asshole .
I wish I could see that hair right now , with his cock in my mouth …
Seeing him from this angle is …strange .
It feels vulnerable but I do n’t know how he feels .
He seems to like it . 🙂
Eight States Fight Feds Over Guns
Seven states filed briefs supporting Montana ’s effort to force the federal government to stay out of the regulation of guns which are manufactured and sold within the same state .
Utah , Alabama , Idaho , South Carolina , South Dakota , Wyoming and West Virginia all signed on to the lawsuit .
The states argue that the U.S. Constitution gives them the right to control activities inside state borders , and they want the authority to do so under the firearms freedom acts advancing around the country .
Although this lawsuit centers around guns , it has serious implications for virtually everything the federal government regulates without any real constitutional authority – from drugs to guns .
I know many liberal hypocrites who want the feds out of drugs but not guns and , vice - versa , conservatives who want the feds out of guns but not drugs .
The truth is that the federal government has no business in either and my hope is that people can put aside their personal feelings in order to limit the federal government to only what it is constitutionally authorized to do .
1. School comparisons
2. Unemployment
3. Population
4. Sales tax
5. Salaries
6. Exchange rates
7. Crime statistics
8. Health statistics ( health conditions )
9 . Disaster statistics
10 . Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) 11 .
Last names
12 . Poverty
13 . Oil price
14 . Minimum wage
15 . Consumer price index , inflation
16 . Mortality
17 . Cost of living
18 . Election results
19 .
First names
20 . Accidents , traffic violations
This chart compares life expectancy and the number of births per woman over the last 47 years for most economies of the world .
The bubble sizes show population , and colors represent different geographic regions .
Press the play button to see the dramatic changes over time .
Click " explore data " to dig deeper .
You 'll notice some interesting entries in the list .
For example , we were surprised by how many people search for data about popular first and last names .
Perhaps people are trying to decide what to name a new baby boy or girl ?
As it turns out , people are interested in a wide range of statistical information .
To build the list , we looked at the aggregation of billions of queries people typed into Google search , using data from multiple sources , including Insights for Search , Google Trends and internal data tools — similar to what we do for our annual Zeitgeist .
We combined search terms into groups , filtering out spam and repeats , to prepare a list reflecting the most popular public data topics .
As a statistician , it 's important for me to note that the data only covers one week 's worth of searches in the U.S. , so there could be seasonal and other confounding factors ( perhaps there was an election that week ) .
In addition , preparing a study like this requires a fair amount of manual grouping of similar queries into topics , which is fairly subjective and prone to human error .
While imperfect , we still think the list is helpful to consider .
As you can see , people are interested in a wide variety of data and statistics , but this information is only useful if it 's easy to access , understand and communicate .
That 's why today we 're also releasing the Google Public Data Explorer in Labs , a new experimental product designed to help people comprehend data and statistics through rich visualizations .
With the Data Explorer , you can mash up data using line graphs , bar graphs , maps and bubble charts .
The visualizations are dynamic , so you can watch them move over time , change topics , highlight different entries and change the scale .
Once you have a chart ready , you can easily share it with friends or even embed it on your own website or blog .
We 've embedded the following chart using the new feature as an example : Animated charts can bring data to life .
Click the play button in the chart to watch life expectancy increase while fertility rates fall around the world .
The bubble colors make it quick and easy to see clusters of countries along these variables ( e.g. , in 1960 the European and Central Asian countries were in the lower right and Sub- Saharan Africa in the upper left ) .
The bubble sizes help you follow the most populous countries , such as India and China .
These charts are based on the Trendalyzer technology we acquired from the Gapminder Foundation , which we 've previously made available in the Motion Chart in Google Spreadsheets and the Visualization API
With a handful of data providers , there are already billions of possible charts to explore .
We currently provide data from the same three providers currently available in our search feature : the World Bank , the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics and the U.S. Census Bureau .
In addition , we 've added five new data providers : the Organization for Economic Co-Operation and Development ( OECD ) , the California Department of Education , Eurostat , the U.S. Center for Disease Control , and the U.S. Bureau of Economic Analysis .
We 're excited that all around the world new data providers are deciding to make their information freely available on the Internet , enabling innovators to create interesting applications , mash up the data in new ways and discover profound meaning behind the numbers .
We hope our list and new tool help demonstrate both the public demand for more data and the potential for new applications to enlighten it .
We want to hear from you , so please share your feedback in our discussion forum .
If you 're a data provider interested in becoming a part of the Public Data Explorer , contact us
Readers of a certain age might remember Hypercolor or Hypergrafix clothing , the color - changing T - shirts produced by Generra that were all the rage in the early '90s .
Now that the '90s are back , it 's a good time to finally figure out the science behind the clothes .
Blinding You With Science
The secret to Hypercolor shirts and products like them is thermochromism , the ability of a substance to change color due to a change in temperature .
The shirts are manufactured with two dyes : one regular dye that provides the constant " true "  color of the fabric , and a thermochromic dye enclosed in microcapsules bound to the fabric 's fibers .
The thermochromic dye is usually a mixture of a leuco dye ( a dye whose molecules can take on two forms , one colorless ; Hypercolor shirts often used crystal violet lactone ) , a weak acid , and a dissociable salt dissolved in the fatty alcohol 1 - dodecanol .
At low temperatures , the dodecanol is solid and the dye exists in its colorless leuco form .
At warmer temperatures ( > 75.2 °F ) , the salt dissociates , the pH is lowered , and the dye 's lactone ring opens , allowing the dye to become colored , producing a color change in the warmed area .
The new color is dependent on the combination of the color of the fabric and the color of the non-leuco form of the dye — so blue fabric and yellow leuco dye make for a green warm spot . *
More Than Nostalgia
Leuco dyes and other thermochromic applications , of course , have many uses beyond novelty T - shirts .
Leuco dyes are used on Duracell batteries along a resistive strip to indicate their heating and gauge the amount of current flowing through it .
Thermochromic dyes are also used on food vessels to indicate the temperature of their contents , or monitor their time - temperature storage history .
They 're also used in building materials , where solar heat turns the material white and results in the reflection of solar radiation and maintenance of the building 's temperature .
Other thermochromic materials are used in thermal sensors designed for immersed applications , like in fish tanks or washing machines .
* Sometimes , the opposite effect , where the thermochromic dye changes from its colored to non-colored form in response to heat , is desired .
In these cases , phenolphthalein , thymolphthalein , or other compounds that are colorless in acidic ranges are often used .
" There is no residual toxicity or danger to golfers playing the course .
It will take some weeks before we see any new grass coverage and it may not be until next spring that we have turf of good playing quality .
Submitted by Damien Hoffman of Wall St. Cheat Sheet
Bill Fleckenstein has kept a hawk ’s eye on what the government does to our economy .
Most recently , Bill wrote an excellent article describing the new health care law as “ the great health care bailout . ”
I caught up with Bill to discuss three hot topics :
1 ) How the new health care law will affect our economy ;
2 ) Whether the Fed has painted itself into a corner of low interest rates ; and ,
3 ) Whether the foreign debt crisis are an omen for what ’s coming to the US .
The Federal Reserve is Public Enemy # 1 with Bill Fleckenstein
( click the link for full interview )
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
04/02/2010
Video : Max Lucado teaches us about fear .
You know , like the kind he 's fomented regarding LGBT peeps
by Jeremy Hooper
Kathie Lee and Hoda are simple enthralled with Max Lucado :
Visit msnbc.com for breaking news , world news , and news about the economy
But as for us ?
Well , not so much .
And why is that ?
Well , because of hostile comments that compare our lives and loves to alcohol abuse , pornography , pedophilia , or any other " immorality " :
LARRY KING : Max , since you 're not -- we 're all equal , I presume , you 're not saying that a gay person is less than you , are you ?
LUCADO : Not a bit .
KING : Not one inch less .
LUCADO : In a remote sense , I have -- I think I can relate to the dilemma a person with a gay preference or gay choice makes .
When I was 15 or 16 years of age I discovered I have an insatiable appetite for beer .
And for 16 or 17 -- and for the 16th and 17th and 18th year of my life , I gave into that .
I am very confident that had heaven not intervened with me , I 'd be a mess right now if I were alive at all .
And I often wrestled during those days with this question .
God , why do I find it so difficult to walk away from alcohol ?
And today , I have to be very careful .
And I 've sat there and talked with my friends who are out at the gay community and heard similar questions , you know , they say why do I have this desire ?
And I do n't know what to tell them as to the origin of that desire .
But I can tell them with confidence both from my life and with talking to many people , with God 's help you can walk away from it , With God 's help , there can be strength .
...
LUCADO :
The issue of marriage is simply this , and that is God has ordained sexual activity between a man and a woman in the boundaries and covenant and confines of marriage .
You know , sexual activity is the explosive , the radiation of our lives .
And we have to keep it in check in the right perspective .
And God 's plan is to do that in the covenant of marriage .
He 's not anti-gay , in that sense , he 's anti-immorality period .
Anti- pornography , anti-pedophilia , he 's anti any use of sex outside of the boundary and the covenant of marriage , because that 's where it 's safe .
And that 's where it honors God .
8/4/05 [ Larry King Live ]
Oh , or presentations like the following , where he not only decries our civil marriages , but actually quotes groups like NARTH in support of so - called " ex - gay " therapy :
So uhm , less fear in lives ?
Sorry , KLG and Hoda :
But the flawed , exclusionary , demonizing teachings of folks like Max Lucado are the number one reason why our LGBT lives have been filled with so much unnecessary strife !
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
Mr Terreblanche wanted a separate white homeland South African white supremacist leader Eugene Terreblanche has been killed on his farm in the country 's north - west .
Mr Terreblanche , 69 , was beaten to death by two farm workers after a dispute over unpaid wages , police say .
Two people have been charged .
President Jacob Zuma has appealed for calm , saying the killing should not incite racial hatred .
Mr Terreblanche , who campaigned for a separate white homeland , came to prominence in the early 1980s .
TERREBLANCHE : KEY DATES 1941 : Born on farm in Transvaal town of Ventersdorp 1973 : Co-founds AWB to protect rights of Boers ' descendants 1993 : AWB vehicle smashes into World Trade Centre in Jo'burg during talks to end apartheid 1994 : AWB invades tribal homeland of Bophuthatswana and is defeated ; three AWB men die 1998 : Accepts moral blame for 1994 bomb campaign that killed 21 2001 : Jailed for attempted murder of security guard farm - worker 2004 : Released from prison
Obituary : Eugene Terreblanche Life in pictures Eugene Terreblanche : Your comments
He became the champion of a tiny minority determined to stop the process that was bringing apartheid to an end .
" Mr Terreblanche 's body was found on the bed with facial and head injuries , " said Natal Police Capt Adele Myburgh .
" There was a panga [ broad - blade knife ] on him and knobkerrie [ wooden club ] next to the bed . "
Capt Myburgh said Mr Terreblanche had been killed at his home outside the town of Ventersdorp , North West province , after a payment dispute with two workers , aged 21 and 15 , who have been arrested and charged with his murder .
Mr Zuma condemned the killing as a " terrible deed " .
" The president appeals for calm ... and asks South Africans not to allow agent provocateurs to take advantage of this situation by inciting or fuelling racial hatred , " his office said in a statement reported by South Africa 's SAPA news agency .
" The murder of Terreblanche must be condemned , irrespective of how his killers think they may have been justified .
They had no right to take his life . "
The murder comes amid growing anxiety about crime in South Africa and what opposition politicians say are irresponsible and racially inflammatory sentiments from a minority of the ruling ANC party , says the BBC's Karen Allen in Johannesburg .
The incident comes 10 weeks before South Africa hosts the first World Cup football tournament on African soil .
A spokesman for Mr Terreblanche 's Afrikaner Weerstandsbeweging ( Afrikaner Resistance Movement - AWB ) linked the killing to the recent singing of an apartheid - era song by a firebrand ANC leader .
' Hate song '
" That 's what this is all about , " Andre Visagie told Reuters news agency .
" They used pangas and pipes to murder him as he slept . "
Last week , South Africa 's High Court banned firebrand ANC Youth League leader Julius Malema from singing " kill the Boer " .
The court said the song was hate speech , but the ANC is appealing .
ANALYSIS Martin Plaut , Africa editor For most South Africans , Eugene Terreblanche was a throwback to another era .
But his death is a blow to the country 's image of racial tolerance , fostered so carefully by Nelson Mandela .
Some are likely to believe that the fact that his alleged attackers were arrested so rapidly smacks of a cover -up .
Others , on the minority far - right fringe , will see his death as a vindication of their assertion that whites cannot live under black rule .
It is a tragic fact that more than 3,000 white farmers have been murdered since the end of apartheid in 1994 .
And it is possible that some people may seek retribution .
Mr Terreblanche 's funeral could become a rallying point for such sentiment .
Boer is Afrikaans for a farmer , but also a derogatory term for any white in South Africa .
Campaigners had blamed Mr Malema 's singing of the song for the recent murders of several white farmers in Gauteng province .
Farming organisations in the Ventersdorp area are calling for calm as they are worried that rising tensions may escalate out of control .
A spokeswoman for the opposition Democratic Alliance party linked Mr Terreblanche 's death to racial tensions .
Juanita Terblanche , no relation , said : " This happened in a province where racial tension in the rural farming community is increasingly being fuelled by irresponsible racist utterances . "
The minority party Freedom Front Plus called on people to refrain from reacting emotionally .
" The murder of Eugene Terreblanche creates an explosive situation and is condemned in the strongest possible terms , " the party 's spokesman , Pieter Groenewald , was quoted as saying by the SAPA news agency .
Military intervention
More than 3,000 white farmers are estimated to have been murdered since the end of apartheid in 1994 .
A committee of inquiry found in 2003 a political or racial motive in only 2 % of farm attacks , although critics said this figure was far too low .
Mr Terreblanche was released from prison in 2004 after serving three years of a five - year term for attempted murder .
He had founded the white supremacist AWB in 1973 , to oppose what he regarded as the liberal policies of the then - South African leader , John Vorster .
Terreblanche rides away after being released from prison in 2004
His party tried terrorist tactics and threatened civil war in the run-up to South Africa 's first democratic elections .
In the 1980s , the government of PW Botha considered a constitutional plan allowing South Africa 's Asian and coloured ( mixed - race ) minorities to vote for racially segregated parliamentary chambers .
For the likes of Mr Terreblanche , this was the start of the slippery slope towards democracy , communism , black rule and the destruction of the Afrikaner nation , analysts say .
Claiming on occasion to be a cultural organisation - albeit one with sidearms and paramilitary uniforms - Mr Terreblanche and his men promised to fight for the survival of the white tribe of Africa .
An ill - fated military intervention into the Bophuthatswana homeland in 1994 ended with three AWB men being killed in front of TV cameras in a PR disaster that diminished further the seriousness with which Mr Terreblanche 's movement was taken .
Mr Terreblance continued to campaign to preserve the apartheid system but lived in relative obscurity since it collapsed .
The AWB was revived two years ago and there had been recent efforts to form a united front among white far - right groups .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
i Pad 3G Release / Ship Date – April 20th ( Verified Charges )
Credit cards being charged for shipping
There are reports starting to come in from people who have pre-ordered the iPad 3G that their credit cards are now being charged for shipping , and the shipping date on the credit card charges are reading 4/20 .
You can see the comments from the people who are starting to see Apple shipping charges hit their credit cards , and you can also see where they are saying that their credit card charge is showing a ship date of 4/20 .
Pre-Ordered iPad 3G / Release and Shipping Date
Apparently , if you pre-ordered your iPad 3G through the Apple website and used your credit card for the purchase , then you were notified that your card would not be charged until the iPad 3 G ’s were released and ready to be shipped to you .
So now people are starting to report their credit cards are being charged for the shipping .
Can anyone else verify this , or have any additional details ?
Enlarge Speakes family photo Grant Speakes ' father is retired lieutenant general Stephen Speakes .
Both soldiers spoke about how important it is for troops to deal with mental health issues .
WASHINGTON  Army Capt .
Grant Speakes had lived through the worst the Iraq war has unleashed :
He had heard the screams of a soldier burned to death in a roadside bomb strike , stanched the bleeding of a soldier cut down by a sniper and killed an insurgent himself .
He returned home haunted by the memories .
While riding in cars , he jumped when other vehicles pulled next to his .
He drank too much .
One night at his parents ' home , his father , retired lieutenant general Stephen Speakes , found his son sitting awake at 2 a.m. , rocking back and forth alone in a chair .
One night he finally crumbled .
" My dad had been calling , leaving messages asking why I did n't return his phone calls , " Grant Speakes said .
" I just broke down and told him all the stuff I was dealing with .
I was crying outside Hooters on the phone in Killeen , Texas .
That was a low point for me . "
Soldiers such as Grant Speakes , who say they killed enemy troops in combat , are at greater risk of suffering combat stress and having emotional problems , a new study shows .
HYPERBARIC CHAMBER : May treat traumatic brain injury PAIN PILLS : Abuse concerns Pentagon CASUALTIES : American casualties in Iraq , Afghanistan , and beyond Those soldiers often pay a profound psychological and emotional toll , according to Shira Maguen , lead author of the study on soldiers and post - traumatic stress disorder .
Of nearly 2,800 soldiers surveyed , 40 % reported killing or being responsible for somebody 's death in Iraq .
" Those who acknowledged killing somebody in combat were more likely to have PTSD symptoms , anger , relationship problems , " said Maguen , a staff psychologist at the San Francisco Veterans Affairs Medical Center .
Grant Speakes is among tens of thousands of U.S. troops who say they have had some type of combat stress from their service in Iraq or Afghanistan .
Of the nearly 2 million veterans , 5 % to 20 % have some symptoms of post - traumatic stress , according to the Joint Chiefs of Staff .
Speakes , now 27 , feared the stigma that he and others say exists in the military concerning those who seek help .
His father says the thought of career damage to him or his sons never concerned him .
" I did n't know he was worried about it , " Stephen Speakes says .
" It never crossed my mind .
I was very worried about how best to help him . "
Today , he says , he 's happy to have " 90 % of my son back . "
Both talked to USA TODAY about the young officer 's ordeal , the stigma of mental health problems and the need for soldiers to address them .
Military family Grant Speakes and his twin brother , Brennan , were born into the Army and moved from post to post as their father ascended the ranks .
Later , Grant Speakes entered Texas A&M , a training ground for officers .
There he met Christy Fischer .
The two would marry , but not before Grant spent a harrowing year in Iraq .
That year started Dec. 31 , 2005 , when Speakes , then a lieutenant with the 4th Brigade of the 4th Infantry Division , arrived at Forward Operating Base Falcon on the southern edge of Baghdad .
Early patrols were mostly routine .
They became treacherous as insurgents began using larger roadside bombs and the first of a more powerful type , explosively formed penetrators ( EFPs ) that can pierce even heavily armored vehicles .
Speakes ' unit saw heavy combat , including a battle in which he ordered the driver of his Humvee to crash it through a cinder block wall .
The soldiers needed room to maneuver and shoot .
" I got out of the truck and fired .
I called in air support , " Speakes says .
The soldiers captured 10 men suspected of financing insurgent attacks .
Back at the base , Speakes was spent .
He would be awarded an Army Commendation medal for valor .
" That night , I realized I had n't slept in 50 hours , " he says .
" You 've got gunpowder ... on you .
So I called home .
' Hey , Dad .
I think I killed a dude .
At least one . '
" Then I threw up .
I was drinking a milkshake at the time .
I 'd like to pretend it was from the milkshake .
But I do n't think so . "
The cost of killing Soldiers who have killed in combat need treatment , Maguen 's study says , and " may experience significant shame and / or guilt and need to know they will be allowed to explore the impact of killing in a safe and supportive environment . "
Acknowledging killing experiences and analyzing them may stop soldiers from the " shame , stigma and secrecy associated with taking a life in combat , " Maguen 's study says .
" Including killing in our evaluation and treatment planning will ensure that we are providing comprehensive health care to our newly returning veterans as they face the challenges of reintegration . "
The toll became evident to Grant Speakes during a mid-tour leave .
He visited Christy and his brother in Oklahoma .
The flight home was a highlight :
He had been upgraded to first class and treated as a hero .
But he could n't relax , could n't shake the need to be ever vigilant .
" I had to sit in the right passenger seat , " he says .
" I had to look for IEDs , something out of place .
I 'd look out the window .
Like a dog 's stare . "
The Speakes family knew Grant needed treatment , but he feared the stigma that often surrounds those who seek mental health counseling .
At home in Washington , Grant Speakes could n't relax and he startled easily , his father says .
" The mood change was obvious , " Stephen Speakes says .
" In the case of Grant , he was the life of every party .
...
He came back somber , dark , morose , depressed and occasionally angry . "
Grant Speakes knew he needed counseling but says he was reluctant to seek it from the Army because another soldier might need it more .
" I also worried about the cloud it would put on my dad 's career , my brother 's and my own , " he says .
" It was something I wanted to talk about , but I could n't .
Because of that , it was hurting my relationship with Christy . "
The family found a private psychiatrist , and Speakes began counseling and treatment .
' More at peace ' Treatment and time helped heal Speakes and allowed him to stay in the Army .
He deployed to Iraq again in 2008 and returned home June 1 , 2009 , " more at peace , " he says .
Stephen Speakes , who retired in the fall from a top Army budget position , says Army leaders recognize the toll combat takes on soldiers .
He says what happened to his son in Iraq has left permanent scars .
Grant Speakes acknowledges that he 's changed , in some ways for the better .
He 's at Fort Benning , Ga. , honing his skills as an officer .
He 's not certain when he will deploy again .
" There is life after PTSD , " Speakes says .
" I 'm a survivor .
I 'm not holed up in a room with an M - 4 .
Yes , you can acknowledge the issue and get through it . "
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Japanese captured whale meat tracked to US and Korea restaurants
14th Wednesday , April 2010 - 20:54 UTC
Full article
The whale hunting battle has moved to eateries
Scientists say they have found clear proof that meat from whales captured under Japan 's whaling programme is being sold in US and Korean eateries .
The researchers say they used genetic fingerprinting to identify meat taken from a Los Angeles restaurant as coming from a sei whale sold in Japan .
They say the discovery proves that an illegal trade in protected species still exists .
Whale meat was also allegedly found at an unnamed Seoul sushi restaurant .
Commercial whaling has been frozen by an international moratorium since 1986 .
But a controversial exemption allows Japan to kill several hundred whales each year for what is termed scientific research .
The meat from these whales is then sold to the public in shops and restaurants in that country .
A team of scientists , film - makers and environmental advocates say they collected samples of whale meat being sold in sushi restaurants in both the US and South Korea late last year .
A genetic analysis of meat found in Los Angeles showed that it was identical to meat from a sei whale being sold in Japan in 2007 .
This species is said by environmentalists to be in danger of extinction .
Criminal proceedings have started against the Los Angeles restaurant caught selling the whale meat .
It has now closed but its chef and owners face heavy penalties .
Writing in the Royal Society journal , Biology Letters , the researchers involved say that trading in this meat is banned between countries that have signed the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species .
The researchers also visited an unnamed restaurant in the South Korean capital Seoul where they say they purchased 13 whale products on two occasions in June and September 2009 .
Four came from an Antarctic minke whale , four from a sei whale , three from a North Pacific minke , one from a fin whale and one was from a Risso 's dolphin , the researchers say .
The DNA profile of the fin whale meat genetically matched meat that had been bought in Japanese markets in 2007 , they report .
They argue that Japan should be required to make public a register of the DNA of all the whales it catches so that illegally traded meat can be tracked .
Vienna Teng / 史逸欣 ( born Cynthia Yih Shih on October 3 , 1978 ) is a Taiwanese American pianist and singer - songwriter based in New York City .
She began studying classical piano at the age of 5 .
She took her stage name “ Vienna ” from the Austrian city famous for its musical history , and “ Teng ” from the surname of famous Taiwanese singer Teresa Teng .
Teng ’s musical style incorporates folk , pop , classical piano , and a cappella influences .
She uses piano as her primary instrument and charges her lyrics with emotion , narrative , and personal history .
Teng is a baseline alto but sings over a… read more
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
In a gesture of goodwill to UN Secretary - General Ban Ki-moon , Defense Minister Ehud Barak has approved the rare transfer of large amounts of cement , shoes and clothing to the Gaza Strip , defense officials said on Saturday .
According to the officials , Barak approved the move in late March , around the time that he and Prime Minister Binyamin Netanyahu visited Washington and Ban traveled to Gaza .
The supplies will cross into the Strip over the coming week via Kerem Shalom , the main crossing used by Israel to the southern Gaza Strip .
Officials said that some of the cement would go toward the renovations being carried out at a UN - run sewage plant in the central Strip .
Despite the transfer of the supplies , some of which have not been allowed into Gaza since Operation Cast Lead last winter , officials said that Israel ’s policy remained the same and that as long as St. - Sgt.
Gilad Schalit was being held in Gaza it would not approve the transfer of large shipments .
“ Hamas is a terrorist organization that is holding Gilad Schalit , and as long as he is held there and Hamas continues to engage in anti-Israel terrorist activity there will not be a change to our policy , ” one official said .
Also on Saturday , the Free Gaza Movement announced that it had purchased a massive 1,200 - ton cargo ship that it plans to load with humanitarian supplies and send to the Strip next month .
The vessel was bought at auction in Dundalk , Ireland .
Free Gaza has been behind a number of smaller ships that in some cases in recent years succeeded in breaking Israel ’s blockade of the Gaza Strip and docking there with international activists and supplies .
The last two ships were stopped by the Israel Navy .
The Free Gaza Movement owns four ships including three passenger vessels .
The cargo ship will head to Gaza as part of an international flotilla planning to set sail in May carrying 500 tons of cement , drugs , medical equipment and educational materials .
Passenger and cargo ships , the movement said , were also being organized by the Turkish humanitarian organization I.H.H. , and by groups in Greece , Sweden , Malaysia and Belgium .
“ We have international law and the conscience of the people of theworld on our side .
We know the Irish people will not stand by and letthe people of Gaza be starved and punished by Israel any longer , ” saidDerek Graham of the Free Gaza Movement .
The new cargo ship , called the , will berenamed the , in memory of the 23 - year - old International Solidarity Movement activist who was crushedto death by an IDF bulldozer in 2003 in Gaza .
Defense Ministry officials said that they were aware of the Free GazaMovement ’s plans and consult with the IDF and the Foreign Ministry overwhether to intercept it or allow it to dock in Gaza .
One officialraised the possibility that the ship would be forced to dock in Ashdod , where the cargo would be unloaded and searched , and if found to be of ahumanitarian nature , sent to Gaza via land crossings .
Back in May of 2008 , the city of Vallejo California filed for Chapter 9 bankruptcy in what became the largest city in California to actually go bust .
Most of California missed this because it was enthralled with the toxic mortgage cookie monster eating away from every city from Anaheim to Yuba City .
Yet this bankruptcy was foreshadowing what was to come for the entire state .
For the entire decade , large salaries and mega pension commitments really were hidden because tax revenues were looking fabulous .
The FIRE economy was spitting so much money that the embezzlement behind the scenes was being hidden in the shower of ill gotten cash .
Sales were raging , unemployment was low , and even if you had no job you could get massive cash advances on credit cards and get by for a few years .
But of course all of this was one giant bubble .
And this Monday a little city know as Los Angeles announced that it ’ll be running short on cash by May 5th .
“ ( LA Times ) Los Angeles Controller Wendy Greuel on Monday said she expects the city ’s general fund “ will be out of money ” by May 5 and that L.A. will likely deplete its reserve funds and be in the red by June 30 .
Greuel alerted Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and the City Council of the city ’s dire financial situation after the head of the Department of Water and Power stated he would oppose sending $ 73.5 million in utility revenue to the city treasury .
Interim General Manager S. David Freeman said the council ’s vote to block a proposed electricity rate hike last week threatens to put the utility in a deficit .
Greuel urged the council and mayor to immediately tap the city ’s reserve funds so that city has enough cash to cover payroll .
“ This is the most urgent fiscal crisis that the city has faced in recent history , and it is imperative that you act now .
That is why I am asking you to immediately transfer $ 90 million from the city ’s reserve fund to the general fund so I can continue to pay the city ’s bills , and to ensure the fiscal solvency of the city , ” Greuel said . ”
Now when Vallejo went into bankruptcy , many commentators were stating that this was an isolated event .
But what is n’t isolated is the implosion of tax revenues , the lifeblood of state government .
I went ahead and updated the below chart with the latest data :
The above has led to a California state budget disaster .
I spent time over the weekend reading about various issues in the current economy .
One issue that is probably going to hit many from left field is the municipal debt markets .
Unlike the federal government states ( and certainly cities ) do n’t have the liberty of using the Federal Reserve and U.S. Treasury to print their problems away .
Many states including California are required through their constitution to balance their budget .
The above chart with collapsing tax revenues does not help in reaching the goal of balance especially when expenses are still surpassing revenues .
The equation is simple ; you either cut further or you raise taxes .
And those pension fund liabilities are coming due as well :
“ ( LA Times )
The state of California ’s real unfunded pension debt clocks in at more than $ 500 billion , nearly eight times greater than officially reported .
That ’s the finding from a study released Monday by Stanford University ’s public policy program , confirming a recent report with similar , stunning findings from Northwestern University and the University of Chicago .
To put that number in perspective , it ’s almost seven times greater than all the outstanding voter - approved state general obligation bonds in California .
Why should Californians care ?
Because this year ’s unfunded pension liability is next year ’s budget cut to important programs .
For a glimpse of California ’s budgetary future , look no further than the $ 5.5 billion diverted this year from higher education , transit , parks and other programs in order to pay just a tiny bit toward current unfunded pension and healthcare promises .
That figure is set to triple within 10 years and — absent reform — to continue to grow , crowding out funding for many programs vital to the overwhelming majority of Californians . ”
And all this ties into more pressure for the housing market .
Heck , the housing market is a footnote with some of these bigger issues on the horizon .
Let us however focus on the housing market with this as our backdrop .
California Housing Years of Problems
The first and obvious problem is our 12.5 percent unemployment rate ( underemployment over 23 percent ) .
What this means is we have a smaller pool of qualified buyers and sellers out in the market .
We already know that one - third of all mortgage holders in California are underwater .
So the market has some serious issues .
But let us look at the overall MLS data .
First , Southern California :
Then we add in Northern California :
Through this search we find 90,540 homes on the MLS .
But I wanted to expand the search :
With a wider search we find 115,000 properties ( this includes condos ) .
So let us say that California has 120,000 to 125,000 homes listed on the MLS for public view just to be conservative .
Now this certainly does n’t seem like a large number for a state with some 38 million people .
In any given time , ( this will come off as captain obvious ) you should not have more distress property than healthy property on the market .
Right now , the shadow inventory dwarfs the MLS data :
In total California has over 273,000 foreclosure filings ( i.e. , notice of defaults , scheduled auctions , and bank owned homes ) .
Keep in mind that the MLS reflects a large percentage of this .
When I was tracking this data carefully for SoCal it was roughly one - third of MLS data .
So in reality , California may actually have 75,000 to 100,000 healthy homes on the market and 273,000 distressed homes .
We have never been in a position like this so to say we are seeing signs of a healthy market are nonsense .
Many are making a bet that things ca n’t get worse in some markets .
Yet we ’ve never had this much distress property so there is no historical tale to give us a hint as to how things will play out .
People do quick math as well on these things .
They say that California last month sold 28,000 homes ; of this 44 percent ( 12,320 ) were foreclosure resales .
At that rate we ’ll burn through the distress inventory in :
273,000 / 12,230 = 22 months
This assumes that foreclosure filings freeze in time today .
Well with option ARMs and other junk entering their judgment period , this number will increase .
Plus , people tend to forget that life actually goes on .
People retire , marry , divorce , have kids , and leave for jobs and this is part of the normal market in typical times .
People ask me what is a good metric to use to figure out when we reach a more normal market .
First , we should look at notice of default filings :
Source : Calculated Risk , my edits added
2009 was the worst year on record .
Over a 14 year period in more “ normal times ” ( aka no option ARMs , interest only , and other craptastic mortgages ) the average number of default notices filed was 100,000 .
But keep in mind , that in these times foreclosures were low as well because many loans “ cured . ”
Take for example Q4 of 2009 :
NODs : 84,000
Trustees Deeds Recorded : 51,000
But run these numbers for another time and you ’ll see how out of whack things are today :
Q3 2001
NODs : 18,673 ( 4 times less than Q4 of 2009 )
Trustees Deeds Recorded : 5,104 ( 10 times less than Q4 of 2009 )
Keep your eye on that NOD figure :
Step one in seeing a recovery in housing ?
Getting that NOD number back at a rate of 100,000 per year .
But this is n’t some pie in the sky economic theory .
When NODs get filed ( if they even get filed if banks are n’t sitting around doing absolutely nothing ) this is a reflection of someone struggling .
This is someone that has n’t paid their mortgage for at least three months .
I ’ve had people e-mail me telling me they have yet to get a NOD after 12 months of no payment !
It seems recently things have streamlined but make no mistake , NODs are a reflection of actual economic pain .
So this has to fall before any recovery talk .
The next indicator ?
Tax revenues .
Since California taxes everything ( i.e. , sales , property , income , corporations ) we have actually a fairly good read on the pulse of the state .
If you look above at the first chart , tax revenues are still at the low of this contraction .
Until this improves , no recovery .
And make no mistake , that warning from that L.A. Controller will likely mean higher taxes or less services .
That is the only way to balance .
I ’ve talked with a few investors renting property in lower priced areas and they are “ shocked ” how slow city services are to respond .
Just wait until they have an issue with a tenant .
California is not a landlord friendly state .
Until that time , I ’m cautious about any recovery talk especially for the state .
I ’m now seeing more mainstream articles talking about the second wave tsunami .
Some of this is coming from an increase in short sales and from banks gearing up the crap that was built up after HAMP failed because it did n’t address the obvious .
Of course it failed .
This is what happens when you spend two years ignoring the main nucleus of the crisis , jobs .
In fact , we are so deep in the rabbit hole that Citi is now offering a $ 500 temporary mortgage payment for the unemployed !
What the hell is this ?
What about renters that are unemployed ?
Apparently they do n’t count just like the 273,000 properties in shadow inventory that supposedly do n’t exist .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
As the country reopens and people get back to work , PSAC members , like many other Canadians , are worried about the care of
President Obama came to office promising an era of political comity , but even he has had to concede that his first 15 months in office have n't lived up to his campaign hope of transcending partisan divisions .
While it takes two to tangle , we think the hyper - polarization owes more than a little to Mr. Obama 's own rhetorical habits .
More than any President in memory , Mr. Obama has a tendency to vilify his opponents in personal terms and assail their arguments as dishonest , illegitimate or motivated by bad faith .
A ...
Accessing social networking Web sites through OAuth , Part 3 , Deploy the Web Twitter client to Google App Engine
From the developerWorks archives
Xiaobo Yang
|
OAuth is an open protocol that lets users share their protected resources among different Web sites , without risking exposure of users ' credentials .
Part 1 of this series introduced OAuth and showed you how to develop an OAuth - enabled desktop Twitter client .
In Part 2 , you learned how to develop an OAuth - enabled Web Twitter client .
In this final part of the series , you will deploy the Web application developed in Part 2 to the Google App Engine ( GAE ) .
This content is no longer being updated or maintained .
The full article is provided " as is " in a PDF file .
Given the rapid evolution of technology , some content , steps , or illustrations may have changed .
View PDF file
The Following 6 Users Say Thank You to jakiman For This Useful Post :
Stanford University researchers have already figured out how to build a drone that can land on the side of a wall , perch there for a while , and then take back off into air again .
The Pentagon would like to make its robotic aircraft even more bird - like .
The military recently handed out a trio of contracts to design legs that will let these " micro air vehicles " hang onto a branch in high winds , and run around on the ground if need be .
The question is whether these Pentagon - backed firms can top Stanford 's already - impressive results .
The Stanford ' bot uses " miniature spines " as talons that grab onto a wall .
Biorobots , LLC will use its Defense Department contract to give its robo - bird four legs with Stanford spines .
The legs " will enable the MAV to crawl around the perch to reposition / reorient the on - board sensors for an optimal view of the target , " according to a Pentagon project summary .
" The tail feet will provide the primary braking force on landing , eliminating the MAV [ micro air vehicle ] tendency to pitch forward on landing .
The front feet will cushion the landing and provide locomotion about the perch . "
If they can make thing work , it 'll " significantly enhance our military and intelligence personnel ’s ability to execute persistent surveillance . "
Manhunting cops could benefit , too .
" During the search , multiple ...
MAVs could be deployed and land on various structures throughout the search area .
Even after the law enforcement personnel seem to call off the search , the MAVs would remain on their perches , keeping watch for the criminal / fugitive . "
The push for animal - esque legs is just a small part of a broader military effort to build small robots inspired by – and in some cases , melded with – birds and bugs .
Military - backed researchers have built a teensy drone that floats like a hummingbird and even flown a cyborg beetle .
The Air Force Research Laboratory is hoping to have its flock of drones ready to go by 2015 .
The Boston Globe is reporting that Boston College will hire Cornell coach Steve Donahue as its new head coach .
Details of the contract have yet to be finalized , but Donohue made his second trip to the campus this week and met with school president William Leahy .
Donohue has spent 10 seasons as coach at Cornell , leading the Big Red to the NCAA tournament the last three seasons .
This year , his squad upset both No. 5 Temple and No. 4 Wisconsin on its way to the Sweet 16 .
The Globe also reports that Donohue has already turned down an offer to become the coach at Hofstra .
-- Tim Gardner
For centuries , the faithful and skeptics have continued to hope , doubt , wonder and probe whether the image of Christ was left on the burial cloth his body was wrapped in on Good Friday , which many believe is the Shroud of Turin .
The widely held alternative is that the shroud is a medieval hoax so ingenious it seems almost miraculous in itself .
“ Whatever put this image on the cloth is a radical event that is still outside what is easily understood through chemistry and physics , ” said physicist John Jackson , founder of the Colorado Springs - based Turin Shroud Center of Colorado .
“ The more you look at the image structure , the idea that a hypothetical someone in the 14th century was able to do this seems like a real stretch . ”
Colorado - based researchers , including Jackson , have been key players in the decades - long burial - cloth controversy and remain active in what they call “ the shroud world . ”
The shroud , among the most controversial and enigmatic religious artifacts of all time , is a linen sheet measuring about 14 feet by 3.3 feet , bloodstained and discolored .
The brownish discoloration on the shroud forms the full - body image of a naked man bearing the wounds of an apparent crucifixion and other injuries that the Gospels say Jesus of Nazareth endured .
The ordinary world soon will get a look at it for the first time in 10 years .
The shroud is usually locked away from view in a special preservation chamber .
But a rare public exhibition begins April 10 and runs through May 23 at Cathedral of St. John the Baptist in Turin , Italy , the object ’s home since 1528 .
Animated image
The shroud has been the subject of many documentaries , most recently a History Channel feature , “ The Real Face of Jesus ? ” that premiered Tuesday and repeats Saturday evening .
In the film , a team of graphic artists , relying heavily on Jackson ’s work , used cutting - edge computer technology to create an animated , moving three - dimensional image from the shroud .
The shroud ’s 3 - D properties set it apart from any other painting or artwork , according to the documentary ’s computer - generated imagery artist , Ray Downing of Studio Macbeth in New York .
“ There is the story of the shroud , which artistically and scientifically is the story of the transition from two dimensional to three dimensional , ” Downing said , “ but there is , as well , the story of the man in the shroud , and a record of his transformation from death to life . ”
Despite claims to the contrary , no modern scientist or artisan has reproduced an image that manifests all the shroud ’s characteristics , say Jackson and a second Coloradan long connected with the shroud , photographer Barrie Schwortz of Florissant .
Both men were part of a team of scientists given unprecedented access to the artifact in 1978 .
Working around the clock for five straight days , they gathered data that has been analyzed for decades .
Jackson led the 30 - person Shroud of Turin Research Project that ultimately concluded the apparent bloodstains were real and very old .
They also found no evidence of paint , dye , stains or any known artist ’s media that could have created the discolorations that form the image .
The shroud image looks like a photographic negative .
In other words , only when photography was developed did the world see a vivid positive image of the shroud .
And Jackson , working in 1976 with scientists at Sandia National Laboratories , made another astonishing discovery fully explored by the latest documentary .
Computer analysis of its light and dark areas revealed an encoded topography , or three - dimensional information , that assisted the graphic artists in rendering what many believe to be the face of Jesus .
Rewoven patch tested
Skeptics point out that carbon - 14 dating studies by three world - class laboratories in the late 1980s indicated the shroud was made between A.D. 1260 and 1390 , or about 1,300 years too late to be Jesus ’ burial cloth .
However , Ray Rogers , a STURP member and Los Alamos National Laboratory fellow until his death in 2005 , found in 2004 that the test sample used for the carbon dating was taken from a rewoven area — skillfully mended with different materials — that was virtually invisible under normal lighting conditions .
Rogers used ultraviolet photography and a battery of chemical tests to conclude that the tested section was this medieval patch and that the carbon dating , while correct , did n’t apply to most of the shroud .
When Schwortz , 63 , also a photographic consultant for Los Alamos National Laboratory , was asked to work on the shroud project , he was beyond skeptical , he said .
“ I saw it as a free trip to Rome but otherwise a waste of time , ” said Schwortz , who is Jewish .
“ It took 18 years for the evidence to convince me .
The Shroud of Turin restored my own faith in God.
Nobody was more surprised than I was . ”
What the physical , chemical , archaeological and historical evidence tells Schwortz , now the editor of the Shroud of Turin Education and Research Association , is that the shroud image is unique and formed by an interaction , still not perfectly understood , of cloth and body , and that body belonged to the historical Jesus .
“ I ca n’t take it any further than that , ” Schwortz said .
“ I do n’t know if Jesus was the messiah or Son of God . ”
Electa Draper : 303-954-1276 or edraper@denverpost.com
Visit
John Jackson and his wife , Rebecca , above , whose research focuses on Jewish cultural and anthropological aspects of the shroud , are co-founders of the Turin Shroud Center of Colorado .
Last summer , the center moved to a new location in Colorado Springs that the Jacksons keep secret for security reasons .
Visitors must make appointments to see the exhibit , which does n’t have regular hours .
Information : 719-593-2375
WATCH
“ The Real Face of Jesus ? ” airs Saturday on the History Channel ; Comcast 36 at 6 p.m. and 10 p.m. ; DirecTV 269 , 6 p.m. and 7 p.m. ; Dish Network 120 , 6 p.m. and 10 p.m .
As the dust of centuries has settled on pages unwritten , the gates are opened only within .
In ascension rites of introvert spirits , the signature of passing flesh is inscribed in the memorial garden as a note of entrance .
Succeeding this initiation , all levels are accessible through death transpired as severance of the flesh and the spirit immortal .
As the remnants of flesh dance to the endless pulses of the multiverse , the underlying directives in biorhythms to which these pulses are synchronised ( from ego to the universe on the left hand and no ego in the void beneath the veil ) ar… read more
Critics say the ruling could erode respect for a sacred day Pubs in the Irish city of Limerick are to open their taps during a sell - out rugby match , after winning special exemption to serve on Good Friday .
The ruling , which was made for the top - of - the - table clash between Munster and Leinster , is expected to provide a boost to the local economy .
The Diocese of Limerick has appealed to rugby lovers and locals to avoid the bar , and head to church instead .
Pubs elsewhere in the Irish Republic are to open , but only to serve food .
About 26,000 fans are attending the match at Thomond Park , with a further 20,000 expected to be drinking in the area afterwards .
The game kicks off at 2005 local time , and pubs will be allowed to serve from 1800 to 2330 .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A local judge granted the exemption to the 1927 Intoxicating Liquor Act on the basis that the rugby match was a special event , and that fans could buy drinks inside the stadium .
Jerry O'Dea , chairman of the Limerick City Vintners , told the BBC's Today programme the exemption was a " last resort " taken only after publicans had lobbied to have the match moved to Saturday .
" It 's a one - off event , it 's of huge importance to the city , both financially and culturally , " he said .
But Mick Loftus , medical doctor and former head of the Gaelic Athletic Association , said it was a " very sad day for Ireland " and an end to a tradition " going back hundreds of years " .
" Good Friday is the most sacred day in the calendar in the Catholic Church , " he said .
" Here we have the thin end of the wedge going in ... just for the sake of a football game . "
" When I think of the pubs opening and the culture of alcohol we have in this country , it 's another victory for the drinks industry and promoting alcohol . "
Leinster and Munster are in first and second place in the Magners League , which is sponsored by the Tipperary - based cider company Magners .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Jarkko Oranen a.k.a.
Chousuke posted an excellent table summarizing the performance characteristics of functions operating on different Clojure data structures :
hash - map sorted - map hash - set sorted - set vector queue list lazy seq conj near - constant logarithmic near - constant logarithmic constant ( tail ) constant ( tail ) constant ( head ) constant ( head ) assoc near - constant logarithmic - - near - constant - - - dissoc near - constant logarithmic - - - - - - disj - - near - constant logarithmic - - - - nth - - - - near - constant linear linear linear get near - constant logarithmic near - constant logarithmic near - constant - - - pop - - - - constant ( tail ) constant ( head ) constant ( head ) constant ( head ) peek - - - - constant ( tail ) constant ( head ) constant ( head ) constant ( head ) count constant constant constant constant constant constant constant linear
He also provided an explanation of the terminology used ; I 've expanded it a little for the big - O - challenged ( such as me ) :
constant means O ( 1 ) complexity , in other words , the time required for the operation is constant and independent of the number of elements contained in the collection .
If you think of s simple linked list , you can imagine that adding something to its front always involves the same number of steps , regardless of the number of elements .
This is the fastest you can hope for .
linear is the slowest that can happen ( in the Clojure libs , that is ) :
This is O ( n ) complexity , meaning that the time required for applying this function on a list with 1000 elements will take a 100 times as long as applying it to a list of 10 .
In other words : this is slow .
logarithmic means that the time required requires log n hops , which is pretty fast ( e.g. doing this operation on a list of 1,000,000 items takes 6 times as long as doing it on a list with 10 )
near - constant performance characteristics refer to the places where the underlying tree structure for most ( all ? ) of Clojure 's collections shows its benefits :
The number of hops required ( as Rich puts it ) is log32 n. ( Update : I 've erased the naïve explanation I had here , will follow up with a better one soon . )
Some operations are , of course not supported on some structures .
On a related note , the Clojure IRC channel is simply great .
Draw your own conclusions .
[ ABC San Diego via Jalopnik ]
View more news videos at : http://www.nbcsandiego.com/video .
View more news videos at : http://www.nbcsandiego.com/video .
Choose category Acura Alfa Romeo AMC ASA Aston Martin Audi Austin Bentley Berkeley Bitter Bizzarrini BMW Brasinca Bristol Bugatti Buick Cadillac Chevrolet Chrysler Citroen Cizeta Dacia Daewoo DAF Daihatsu Datsun De Tomaso Dodge Eagle Ferrari Fiat Ford GAZ Genesis Geo Gillet Glas GMC Holden Honda Hudson Hyundai Infiniti Innocenti International International Harvester Invicta Iran Khodro Isuzu Jaguar Jeep Jensen Kia Laforza Lagonda Lamborghini Lancia Land Rover Lexus Lincoln Lister Lotus Lynk & Co Maserati Mazda McLaren Mercedes - Benz Mercury Merkur MG Midas MINI Mitsubishi Monteverde Moretti Morgan Mosler Nash Nissan NSU Oldsmobile Opel OSI Other Panhard Panoz Peugeot PGO Plymouth Pontiac Porsche Ram Remix Review Renault Rene Bonnet Rolls - Royce Rover Saab Saturn Scion Siata smart Spectre Studebaker Subaru Sunbeam Suzuki Talbot Tata Tatra Tesla Toyota Triumph TVR UMM Vauxhall Volkswagen Volvo Wiesmann Yugo Zimmer Škoda Find Reviews by Make :
Receive updates on the best of TheTruthAboutCars.com
New Car Research Select a Make Select Make First Get a Free Dealer Quote
Advertisers are tapping into some of the most misogynistic male fantasies when they use futuristic fembots to convince men to buy their products .
They are selling a fantasy of control by turning women into obedient , mute , homemaking , sex slaves .
Texts referenced in video :
1. “ Heineken ‘ DraftKeg ’ : “ The Most Sexist Beer Commerical Ever Produced ? ”
2. The Gender Knot by Allan G. Johnson
This video now has English subtitles on YouTube and is available to be translated at DotSub into many different language .
Please help reach global audiences by translating !
Full video transcript is also available here .
Anita Sarkeesian is a feminist media literacy advocate , pop culture critic and fair use proponent .
She maintains an ongoing web series of video commentaries from a fangirl / feminist / anti-oppression perspective at her website www.FeministFrequency.com.
This project was made possible in part by a grant from Oregon Humanities ( OH ) , a statewide nonprofit organization and an independent affiliate of the National Endowment for the Humanities , which funds OH ’s grant program .
Any views , findings , and conclusions , or recommendations expressed in this article do not necessarily reflect the views of Oregon Humanities or the National Endowment for the Humanities .
“ We have lost our sense of time , ” intones Carlo Petrini , in mellifluous Italian .
“ We believe that we can add meaning to life by making things go faster .
We have an idea that life is short — and that we must go fast to fit everything in .
But life is long .
The problem is that we do n’t know how to spend our time wisely .
And so we burn it . ”
advertisement
advertisement
In an age of acceleration , Petrini , 50 , is a staunch champion of all things slow .
Over the past 14 years , he has built an international organization in reaction to the stark reality that , as a culture , we have become enslaved by speed and have succumbed to what his group ’s manifesto calls an “ insidious virus : Fast Life . ”
Slow Food , a Bra , Italy - based nonprofit organization with more than 60,000 members in 35 countries , promotes and defends “ slow , ” local , artisanal food traditions that have become victims of speed , technology , supermarket standardization , and homogenization .
And this slow movement is growing fast .
Slow Food recently opened an office in New York City — adding to its network of offices in Germany , Greece , Italy , Slovenia , and Switzerland — and will expand into France in 2001 .
Among its members , Slow Food boasts food luminaries from around the world , including Alice Waters , owner of Berkeley ’s Chez Panisse , as well as such bigwigs as Italian Prime Minister Massimo D’Alema and 1997 Nobel laureate in literature ( and friend of Petrini ) Dario Fo .
But the backbone of the movement is what Slow Food calls its Convivia — grassroots , transcontinental , “ hypercaloric ” groups of people from Sweden to Turkey , from Australia to South Africa , and from Singapore to Silicon Valley .
Convivia members meet regularly to achieve back - to - basics goals : to have fun , to spread the Slow Food philosophy , to promote local traditions and superior local products , and to immerse themselves in pleasure .
It ’s an epicurean ’s ideal .
At the root of these hedonistic activities , however , is something more profound : a fundamental desire not to forgo what makes us human , a sense of our natural rhythms , and a participation in the simple rituals of life .
The carefully cooked ideas behind Slow Food are beginning to appeal to people outside gourmand circles .
These ideas are a feast for those hungry for a respite from the blur of a connected economy — and , as Petrini puts it , an antidote “ to the contagion of the multitude who mistake frenzy for efficiency . ”
How so ?
As the group ’s manifesto ( which was ratified in Paris by delegates from 15 countries ) proclaims : “ A firm defense of quiet material pleasure is the only way to oppose the universal folly of Fast Life . ”
Ah , la bella vita .
Leave it to the Italians to create an organization devoted , as its Web site states , to “ the Defense of and the Right to Pleasure . ”
And where better to begin this firm defense than at the table — with the quiet material pleasure of food ?
Slow food .
But Petrini , a charismatic Italian who looks as if he has just walked off the set of a Fellini movie , explains that Slow Food is not simply a knee - jerk reaction to the homogeneity of fast food ; it ’s a call for serious consideration of the effect that speed has on our lives .
“ Fast food is not our enemy , ” he says .
“ We can all eat as we want .
If we have an enemy , it is the abnormal rhythms in which we are living our lives . ”
advertisement
Being slow does n’t mean that you have to move slowly , chew a certain number of times per bite , or turn back the hands of time .
“ If you ’re slow , you ’re stupid , ” says Petrini .
“ This is not what we ’re talking about .
Rather , to be slow means that you govern the rhythms of your life .
You are in control of deciding how fast you have to go .
Today , you might want to go fast , so you do .
Tomorrow , however , you might want to go slow , so you can .
That is the difference . ”
Petrini leans back in his leather chair behind his massive wooden desk in his office in Bra .
He folds his hands across his ample paunch and , choosing his words carefully , continues : “ It is useless to force the rhythms of life .
If I live with the anxiety to go fast , I will not live well .
My addiction to speed will make me sick .
The art of living is about learning how to give time to each and every thing .
If I have sacrificed my life to speed , then that is impossible . ”
Moments pass in silence until Petrini adds quietly : “ We all go to the same place , so let us go there slowly . ”
The Ingredients of Slow Food “ Have you heard the joke about the turtle and the snail ? ” deadpans Patrick Martins , 28 , president of Slow Food ’s U.S. operations , as he sips his espresso in a cafe in Bra .
“ In the middle of the forest , a turtle and a snail have a gruesome head - on collision .
The snail is rushed to the emergency room , where a doctor asks what happened .
On the edge of consciousness , the snail responds , ‘ I do n’t know , Doc .
It all happened so fast . ’ “ Martins , a gastronome who wrote his master ’s thesis on the politics of medieval food sculpture when he was attending the Tisch School at New York University , speaks slowly and deliberately .
Having delivered the punch line , he smiles liberally — a New Yorker who admits that he ’s lost some of his island edginess after two years in this small town nestled in the hills of the Piedmont region of Italy .
“ Just the type of joke you ’d imagine we ’d tell around here , right ? ”
Sure , considering Slow Food ’s penchant for all things slow .
Not to mention that it is one of the few organizations in the world to select the snail as its logo and ideological symbol .
The mollusk is featured in the windows of Italian eateries , known locally as osterie , throughout the country — a beacon to those looking for genuine , traditional , local cooking .
It also happens to adorn everything that comes out of the office of Slow Food Editore , the organization ’s publishing arm .
The folks at Slow Food are anything but slow when it comes to spreading the word .
The organization publishes a wide range of materials : “ The Snail , ” a newsletter that is distributed to all 60,000 members worldwide ; “ Slow : The International Herald of Tastes , ” a quarterly magazine published in five languages ; and several prestigious food and wine guides , such as “ Osterie d’Italia ” and “ Vini d’Italia . ”
advertisement
After publishing Guida ai Vini del Mondo , a 1,250 - page wine guide that describes 2,000 vineyards and 6,500 wines in 30 countries , Slow Food decided to embark on an equally ambitious project : the creation of an online catalogue of the world ’s artisanal food products and producers .
“ We plan to build a worldwide network of artisanal and traditional foods , and to use our network to promote those foods , ” explains Renato Sardo , 31 , director of Slow Food International , which is responsible for coordinating all of the organization ’s offices and events .
“ Eventually , we want to offer people an entirely new food - production - and - distribution model — an alternative to the current big - scale , industrialized model . ”
So , yes , the joke about the turtle and the snail is the type of joke that you ’d imagine hearing in the courtyard of Slow Food ’s villa on Via della Mendicita Istruita .
The joke becomes poignant when you realize that Slow Food traces its origins back to what began , Martins says , as something of a not - so - funny joke .
In 1986 , McDonald ’s opened a restaurant at the base of the Spanish Steps in Rome ’s Piazza di Spagna .
Petrini — who at the time was both a journalist and head of Arcigola , a nonprofit food - and - wine association that he had cofounded — was outraged .
“ Petrini loathed the idea of the ugly , neon , golden arches looming large in the middle of this beautiful square , ” says Martins .
“ Plus , he was outraged by the odor of fried food . ”
So Petrini and a group of his leftist - intellectual friends protested and arrived at what Petrini calls an “ Italian compromise ” : McDonald ’s removed its golden arches but continued to feed the Romans .
Over the years , Slow Food has evolved from a gourmet organization concerned solely with exalting food and drink to a movement with a mission to promote food diversity and to prevent the extinction of domestic animals , plants , fruits , and vegetables .
In the Slow Food worldview , a loss of diversity — driven largely by our obsession with speed — means a gain of one thing : a bland , new world .
“ At the beginning of the century , for instance , there were about 200 varieties of artichokes in Italy , ” says Sardo .
“ Now there are only about a dozen .
Each day , we lose several varieties of vegetable or animal species .
Not only does that have huge gastronomic implications , threatening the diversification of taste , but it also has profound ecological implications . ”
Given those implications , Petrini and his crew have coined the term “ ecogastronomy . ”
Slow Food has launched two projects under its ecogastronomy banner : the Ark of Taste and the Slow Food Praesidia .
The Ark of Taste aims to save and protect small - scale , quality food production from industrial standardization and , as Martins explains , “ from hyperhygienist legislation , the rules of modern retail systems , and a modernity which meets 95 % of the world ’s food requirements with fewer than 30 plants . ”
Like Noah shepherding animals onto his ark , Slow Food places certain near - extinct foods on a list : lentils from Abruzzi ; potatoes from Liguria ; Pardigone plums from the French Alps ; Firiki apples from Greece ; Sun Crest peaches from northern California .
Once a product makes the Ark of Taste list , Slow Food begins promoting that item through its network .
For example , the organization was instrumental in getting Time magazine to write about the Sun Crest peach , a fruit with a sublime taste but a poor tolerance for travel .
The result ?
Thousands of people contacted the small producer to sample its juicy gem .
But Slow Food knows that promoting a product through the media is a temporary solution .
Enter the Praesidia . ” ‘ Presidium ’ is Latin for ‘ garrison ’ and conveys our most militaristic approach to defending foods and drinks in danger of extinction , ” says Martins .
A perfect example : Sciacchetra , a rare white wine that is produced only in the Cinque Terre region of Italy , an exquisitely beautiful , hilly area along the Mediterranean .
Sciacchetra has been produced in that region since medieval times but has gradually become unprofitable for the remaining producers to make .
So , in collaboration with private sponsors and public institutions , Slow Food purchased 20,000 square meters of the Cinque Terre and gave the land to one of the last three Sciacchetra producers in the world .
Without the economic burden of rent , explains Martins , “ that producer is now able to hire people to help him produce this wine and can pass on the tradition to future generations .
In the next several years , we expect production to go from a few hundred bottles to tens of thousands . ”
Beer Here : Slow Food , American - Style America — home of the hamburger , “ nuke it ‘ n ’ eat it , ” and express lanes at fast - food restaurants .
What could a country filled with superstars of speed possibly want with Slow Food ?
Plenty , according to Petrini , who believes that America is just about ripe for some slow food .
“ A lot of Europeans think that America is the empire of badness , ” he says .
“ They believe that Americans are the ones who need to be converted — the barbarians at the gate who need to be civilized .
But that ’s not true .
Americans have an enormous capacity to merge tradition with modernity , and they crave a sense of slowness now more than ever . ”
As upstarts on the cuisine scene , Americans might play second fiddle to other nations ’ food patrimonies .
But there ’s one thing that puts a gleam in Petrini ’s eyes when he thinks about American - style “ slow food ” : beer .
In fact , he believes that beer is one of the purest American expressions of what Slow Food is all about .
advertisement
That is music to Garrett Oliver ’s ears .
“ Slow Food is concerned with preserving and even resurrecting lost traditions , ” says Oliver , 37 , a brew master for Brooklyn Brewery , who has brought several brewing styles back from obscurity and who is widely regarded as one of America ’s leading brew masters .
“ At the turn of the century , there were 48 breweries in Brooklyn .
Now there is just one . ”
Oliver is responsible for a beer that has ended up on Slow Food ’s Ark of Taste : Brooklyn Monster Ale , an English - style barley wine that was inspired , in part , by a book called “ Every Man His Own Brewer ” — undoubtedly a page - turner when it was published in 1768 .
“ Monster Ale is a slow beer , ” explains Oliver .
“ It takes four months to age , rather than the usual two to three weeks .
We use a rare type of barley , called Maris Otter , which is n’t cultivated much these days .
And at 12.3 % alcohol , you ca n’t drink it fast .
Well , you could , but it would bite your head off . ”
But Oliver acknowledges that Slow Food is about much more than ensuring that we have more choices than Bud , Bud Light , Coors , and Coors Light — the “ Wonder Breads of Beer , ” as he calls them — when we open the fridge at our local liquor store .
For Oliver , who grew up in Queens eating his fair share of frozen vegetables and Swanson dinners and drinking coffee made from Folger ’s crystals , Slow Food offers a way of living that complements his thinking .
“ If you think about it , some of the best times of your life are probably spent at the table with your friends and family , ” he says .
“ So how could you not make the time to secure those moments ?
What is so important in your life that you ca n’t make time for things that give you pleasure ? ”
Oliver , a self - proclaimed “ overworked American , ” has little patience for his peers who say that they have no time for such rituals but then spend hours in front of the television .
“ If you want to enjoy life , you have to think a little bit about what you might enjoy , ” he says .
“ The easy — and lazy — way out is to convince yourself that you do n’t have enough time .
But we often let time pass by without making any real use of it .
Instead , look at your day , and ask yourself , ‘ What would I really enjoy ?
What would I like to do ?
Whom would I like to be with ? ’ ” If we let the answers to those simple questions decide how we spend our time , Oliver believes , then we would spend our time differently .
Perhaps one of the best lessons that Oliver has ever learned about the importance of creating islands of slowness in a sea of high - speed frenzy is the one that his father inadvertently taught him .
As a high - octane kid , Oliver would become exasperated whenever his father refused to join him in one action - packed activity after another .
Oliver remembers asking , “ Well , what are you doing that ’s so important ? ”
His father responded , “ I ’m doing creative nothing , ” as he chopped vegetables in the kitchen .
Oliver reflects on that response : “ I ’m 37 , and I finally understand what my father meant whenever he would tell me that .
To my dad , ‘ creative nothing ’ meant hanging out on his island of slowness .
He was chilling out , relaxing , thinking — such simple things , but so many of us no longer know how to do them . ”
Easing up on our speed of thought — consciously creating islands of slowness — is exactly what Petrini and Slow Food call for .
Says Petrini : “ Ultimately , ‘ slow ’ means to take the time to reflect .
It means to take the time to think .
With calm , you arrive everywhere . ”
Take a minute , and think about that .
advertisement
Anna Muoio ( amuoio@fastcompany.com ) , a Fast Company senior writer , speaks Italian — and is trying to eat more slowly .
To learn more about the Slow Food Movement , contact Patrick Martins by email ( pmartins@slowfood.it ) , or visit Slow Food on the Web ( www.slowfood.com).
We 're about a week late getting to this show — about a former Playmate and her three arguably pretty , definitely wild daughters — but we finally watched it last night and had to say something because it is seriously terrifying .
Have you seen it ?
If not : It 's on E ! ( of course ) and is about Andrea Arlington , an impossibly wide - eyed ( like literally , physically wide - eyed ) former Playboy model raising her three precocious wannabe model daughters ( Tess , Alexis , Gabby ) in some dreary corner of Los Angeles .
That on its own does n't sound terribly remarkable , maybe like a younger version of Keeping Up with the Kardashians .
But then you look a tiny bit closer and you realize that there is a whole host of other crazy going on .
In one episode , middle girl Alexis is arrested for being part of a roving band of young Hollywood burglar that robbed the likes of Hayden Christensen , Paris Hilton , Rachel Bilson , Audrina Patridge , and Lindsay Lohan of some $ 3 million in jewels and other trinkets .
Her legal troubles feature prominently on the show .
When Alexis is arrested , the mom and other sisters hang outside the police station , reveling in the " millions of paparazzi " ( about four ) who have showed up to document their woes .
The paparazzi crew was almost certainly dispatched by E !
The mother has a series of bizarre exercise contraptions that are like something out of The Road to Wellville .
There 's a step - father involved who seems to have an uncomfortably close physical relationship with ( at least ) the youngest daughter , sixteen - year - old Gabby .
( Lots of hugging , cuddling , etc . )
That 's probably me just looking a little too much into things , but it 's creepy and unsettling and , in a strange way , the mom seems to know that something is off .
Mom home schools the girls , basing the entire curriculum on " the movie The Secret . "
Last night she had the girls do an important assignment where they flipped through magazines cutting out pictures of inspirational people .
All of the magazines were fashion magazines .
The family has regular Buddhist - and The Secret - inspired prayer sessions , blesses a new rental house with incense , and have enormous golden Buddhas everywhere .
The mom is an ordained minister in The Secret .
The girls have a stripper pole installed in the house and regularly use it , to the delight of their mother .
( And possibly the step - father . )
Update : I forgot to mention and a commenter pointed out below that the mom gives out Adderall to her girls every morning like vitamins .
After all this unpleasant business , the gang tries to have nice sentimental family moments for the cameras , as if they 've earned anything but us shrieking at them .
( I believe my refrain last night was " This woman should be thrown in jail , " about the mom . )
I know much noise has been made for years and years about reality television and how awful and soul - sucking it is , how it 's destroying society , and that that moany intellectual trope has gotten cliched and tired .
But seriously guys this show must represent some new nadir of the form .
It 's reality grubbing that 's self - aware in certain depressing , cynical ways but at the same time completely clueless too .
Tiresome comedienne Chelsea Handler is a producer on this heap , which must be because she thinks it 's funny to encourage the insane family to hang themselves with their own desperation .
And the show is certainly edited to mock the poor creatures .
And yet the cast seems to think , in some small way , that this show is an actual Thing that will get them real places .
They play up the sexy theatrics so much — because ridiculous shit like that gets good ratings — that I think they 've gone over the top to the point that it 's come full circle and is weirdly real .
They are n't people pretending to be reality stars .
They 're reality stars pretending to be people .
And that is scary to behold .
That said , you simply have to watch it .
At least one episode .
Something involving The Secret .
It 's really something .
( CNN ) -- President Obama on Saturday urged a thorough investigation into a deadly explosion at a West Virginia coal mine that killed 29 people , hours after rescue efforts at the mine gave way to an operation to recover the dead .
" This has been America 's worst mining disaster in forty years , and the toll on all West Virginians has been immeasurable , " Obama said of Monday 's blast at the Upper Big Branch mine .
" We can not bring back the men we lost .
What we can do , in their memory , is thoroughly investigate this tragedy and demand accountability . "
Obama 's statement came just hours after rescue efforts came to a grim end after crews found the bodies of the last four miners unaccounted for in the explosion .
Twenty - five people were previously announced dead .
" My thoughts and prayers are with the families of all those who were lost in this tragic accident , and my gratitude goes out to the rescue teams who worked so tirelessly and heroically to search for the missing , " Obama said in his statement .
The death toll makes the West Virginia mining disaster the worst in the U.S. since 1972 , when 91 miners were killed in a fire at the Sunshine Mine in Kellogg , Idaho .
Of the 29 dead in the West Virginia blast , the bodies of 22 remain inside the mine .
The cause of the blast is unknown , and state and federal officials have pledged a full investigation .
The explosion has prompted renewed questions about mine safety .
Obama said Saturday that " all Americans deserve to work in a place that is safe , and we must take whatever steps are necessary to ensure that all our miners are as safe as possible so that a disaster like this does n't happen again . "
Obama will meet next week with Secretary of Labor Hilda Solis and a Mine Safety and Health Administration official to hear their initial assessment of what caused the blast , along with their recommendations for steps the federal government should take to improve mine safety .
Richmond , Virginia - based Massey Energy Co. , which owns the mine , said in a statement released Friday that it will conduct " extensive " reviews of the mine accident " to ensure that a similar incident does n't happen again . "
It said the mine has had less than one violation per day in inspections by the Mine Safety and Health Administration and added that that rate is " consistent with national averages . "
Most of the blast victims were working in an area where long wall cutting was taking place .
The technique uses a large grinder to extract the coal and creates large amounts of coal dust and methane gas , both of which are explosive .
West Virginia Gov.
Joe Manchin said Saturday that even though it's not clear what caused the explosion , there needs to be a focus on better ventilation and on sensors to alert mine personnel when gas levels become dangerous .
" There was no way to protect them against this , " he said .
" You just have to prevent it and make sure it does n't happen again . "
/r/Canada , where do you fit ?
We 're sorry , but this poll is now closed .
This poll was created on 2010-04 - 21 00:56:14 by Karthan
The X - wing fighter has sunk , and only the tip of its nose shows above the lake ’s surface .
LUKE : Oh , no .
We ’ll never get it out now .
Yoda stamps his foot in irritation .
YODA : So certain are you .
Always with you it can not be done .
Hear you nothing that I say ?
Luke looks uncertainly out at the ship .
LUKE : Master , moving stones around is one thing .
This is totally different .
YODA : No !
No different !
Only different in your mind .
You must unlearn what you have learned .
LUKE : ( focusing , quietly )
All right , I ’ll give it a try .
YODA : No !
Try not .
Do .
Or do not !!
There is no try … .
The lines above are from the screenplay to The Empire Strikes Back , the second of the first trilogy of Star Wars movies , aka Episode V . Many of us who originally saw the 1980 film back in the theater fondly remember this scene in the swamps of Dagobah featuring the grumpy and whiny student , Luke Skywalker , and his impatient , diminutive , Kermit the Frog - like teacher , Yoda .
Now , insert brother and sister into their roles and you have some idea of my childhood fantasy life .
Instead of quoting Bible passages for spiritual guidance , sometimes my family quoted Star Wars .
Recall the wonder of the Force , this arcane and powerful energy field that filmmaker George Lucas proposed as a kind of religious rubber cement that held together his universe .
In the words of Yoda , the Force “ surrounds us and binds us . …
Here , between you …me … the tree … the rock … everywhere ! ”
For a skeptic like me , neither raised in a religious home nor educated about Christianity , Judaism , Buddhism , or anything else even marginally spiritual , the Force seemed like a cool and even plausible explanation for not only what might bind together a galaxy far , far away , but my small and mundane world in rural New Hampshire .
To heathens like me , the Force made a lot more sense than the Holy Trinity .
It ’s easy to dismiss science fiction and other genre movies ( and books , and games ) as mindless entertainment .
But the reason for the popularity of Star Wars , Twilight , and Lord of the Rings ca n’t simply be that our culture craves vapid adventure stories to while away the idle hours .
I think we consume these modern epics because , for many of us , traditional institutions do n’t cut it anymore .
Church , family , and government once handed over fairly rigid instructions on “ how to live ” : how to be a good citizen , neighbor , spouse , or parent .
The cultural revolution of the 1960s and ’70s changed all that .
Vietnam , political assassinations , government corruption , and the rise of the corporate state left us suspicious of conventional authority and religion .
We got jaded .
Is it no wonder , then , that many now seek moral guidance and spiritual example not in mosques and chapels , but huddled in darkened movie theaters or bathed in the holy glow of our Blu-rays ?
Our new gods and priests might be writers , movie directors , and actors .
When , in The Lord of the Rings , Sir Ian McKellen as Gandalf the wise intones to Frodo , “ All we have to decide is what to do with the time that is given to us , ” it ’s hard not to prick up our hobbity ears and nod our heads in agreement .
Yes , that ’s damned good advice .
And for many of us , it ’s guidance much easier to swallow than the kind shouted from the pulpit on a Sunday morning .
•
That we seek direction from unexpected places these days , even from movies like Star Wars and Lord of the Rings , is one reason why these fantasies mean so much to me .
But I watch movies with heroic characters , and play video games and role - playing games like Dungeons & Dragons ( D&D ) for plenty of other reasons : because they ’re fun , because they ’re exciting , because I need to tune out and decompress for a couple of hours , or because they show me places and creatures that could never be .
Yet , recently back from another holiday marathon screening of “ the trilogy , ” I think the explanation goes even deeper than that .
One essential reason that a world like Tolkien ’s Middle - earth , is so appealing — even the more spare version brought to life by director Peter Jackson — is the depth of that world .
Middle - earth is almost as detailed as Planet Earth .
For any fantasy spell to work , you need a believable setting .
For his novels , Tolkien conjured one of literature ’s most intricate realms : a world autonomous and detached from our own , far from familiar racial and social problems , yet infused with archetypical , high fantasy themes of good , evil , honor , and justice .
Tolkien devised his own races of people and creatures ; created languages for them to speak ; gave them histories , poems , songs , beliefs , and family trees ; created lands , maps , geographies , and calendars ; and invented a detailed backstory and consistent nomenclature to bind it all together .
Because this world was not specific to a single culture or religion , readers found it applicable to all .
For me , I did n’t believe in heaven and hell .
But Middle - earth ’s lands , or a D&D labyrinth , or a science fiction universe like Star Wars — those were places I could believe in , and visit as often as I liked .
I met a man named David Randrup , from the Los Angeles area , who was raised as an atheist .
Visiting churches as an adult left him disappointed .
He got no sense of wonderment or higher purpose - until he found the Society for Creative Anachronism ( or SCA ) .
In this group , devoted to recreating the best parts of the Middle Ages , Randrup became Sir Gareth , a knight who found in the Society ’s chivalric ideals what he called his “ moral compass ” and transferred those ideals to the real world .
When faced with a thorny problem , like a conflict at his school , Randrup asked himself , How would a medieval noble face this situation ?
While wreaking havoc with a broadsword was tempting , he said , the better choice was to “ face a situation with courage , mete out justice while expecting it from others , show mercy as you ’d expect others to , be generous without regret , have faith in humanity , show nobility in adversity , have hope for the future , and have the strength to do it all over again the next time . ”
Randrup showed me that games like D&D and World of Warcraft and reenactment groups like the SCA are n’t just fun ways to socialize and feel the rush of battle ( whether we swing foam and PVC swords in our mind or on a real - world play battlefield ) .
These experiences actually teach us useful things , and for some players , provide a framework .
Games also provide accomplishment and belonging , and in some cases ( such as gaming guilds and medieval reenactment societies ) rites of passage and codes of honor .
Why look to a game for life philosophies ?
Because our technology - driven ways have forsaken them .
Organized religion is corrupt .
The world is mundane .
And as post - industrial , post - blue collar office workers stuck in our civilized ways , we are effectively paralyzed and chained to our desks and DSL lines , far from Eden , far from nature , far from the magical thinking of yore .
Life by the rules .
But D&D not only gave me , a nerdy and shy kid , a magical world of escape .
It was n’t merely something to do each Friday with friends who did n’t judge my lack of prowess on the athletic field .
It also helped give shape and order to a chaotic world of adolescence and my own troubled home life .
I had learned that in the adult world , fate was chaotic and uncertain .
Guidelines for success were arbitrary .
But in the world of D&D , at least there was a rule book .
My character gradually becoming more powerful , I could gradually risk more daring feats .
D&D was a safe place to act out , be bold , be a champion .
The game ’s subterranean realms and heroic quests welcomed me ; high school dances and locker rooms did not .
Even as a teenager , that pick - up - your - battle - ax and kill mentality , long suppressed by so - called society , still coursed in my veins .
Fantasy lets us “ just do it . ”
We travel to richly - imagined parallel worlds and watch a hero like Aragorn kick major Orc butt .
We cheer and secretly wish that we were him .
Of course , modeling behavior on ideal characters is not terribly new .
The plots of Lord of the Rings and its ilk are as old as The Iliad and Beowulf .
But as old as the storylines feel , the feelings of being empowered are , magically , renewed each time we read or watch these epic stories of triumph and derring - do .
Moreover , they inspire us .
The last time I watched these familiar quest stories that have become , in the words of Gollum , “ precious ” to me , I realized why these tales of Hobbits and magic rings and malicious powers have power over us .
In those worlds , heroes do things we ca n’t do in real life .
They fight the good fight , and slay the evil Orcs and Goblins and uruk - hai .
They take risks .
They behave as we might want to : with bravery , honor , and sacrifice .
They remind us again , as the cliché goes , “ what is worth fighting for . ”
A dress - up medieval reenactment group or “ escapist ” book , movie , or role - playing game offering life lessons ?
And yet they can and do .
The Lord of the Rings or Star Wars universes provide another way to look at our universe .
The movies are another text that provide a metaphor or signpost for how to tackle life ’s thorny troubles .
Which bring us back to that scene between Yoda and Luke in the swamps of Dagobah .
Here , poor whiny Luke is struggling to harness the Force and lift the sunken X - wing fighter from the murky depths of the lake :
Luke closes his eyes and concentrates on thinking the ship out .
Slowly , the X - wing ’s nose begins to rise above the water .
It hovers for a moment and then slides back , disappearing once again .
LUKE : ( panting heavily ) I can’t .
It ’s too big .
YODA : Size matters not .
Look at me .
Judge me by my size , do you ?
Hm ?
Mmmm .
Luke shakes his head and complains that Yoda wants “ the impossible . ”
Quietly Yoda turns toward the X - wing fighter .
With his eyes closed and his head bowed , he raises his arm and points at the ship .
Soon , the fighter rises out of the water and moves majestically toward the shore .
Yoda guides the fighter carefully down toward the beach .
Luke stares in astonishment .
LUKE : I do n’t … I do n’t believe it .
YODA : That is why you fail .
Perhaps even a Saturday matinee Western , disguised in the garb of a science fiction space opera , can make us believe in things and forces we ca n’t see or understand .
Or a game of make - believe knights in shining armor can instruct us how to be better people , not in a time or galaxy far , far away , but right here on planet earth .
Or a broken family — father , stepmother , sister , brothers — glued to the TV set about six hours deep into Middle - earth , can believe that each person wields real power .
I mean , we do .
It comes down to that line of dialogue uttered by the elf queen Galadriel ( played by the ethereal Cate Blanchett ) , “ Even the smallest person can change the course of the future . ”
If a three - foot Hobbit can learn to wield sword , face down evil , and emerge victorious , perhaps you and I can find courage to face down our own problems and challenges , no matter how small in comparison .
• 15 January 2010
My vote goes to the girl who was ready and willing to go on all fours .
Jeremy and Fernando Gutierrez descended a staircase to a cove in Laguna Beach for a nighttime lobster dive and almost fell into the ocean .
Even in the darkness , the brothers could see what the problem was -- the sand at Treasure Island Beach had all but disappeared , leaving a rugged landscape of rock and a sudden drop - off where the staircase once led gently to the strand .
“ I could n’t believe it , ” said Fernando Gutierrez , 26 , of Costa Mesa .
“ There was no beach and a 20 - foot drop - off . ”
It ’s a similar scene at dozens of other Southern California beaches where powerful winter storms have swept away a spectacular amount of sand .
The vanishing beaches have forced city crews in Dana Point to remove fire rings , picnic tables and shower pads so lifeguards have room to patrol the remaining sand .
At Laguna ’s Rockpile Beach , the waves scrubbed the shore so heavily that jagged rocks and rusty remnants of an old sewer system that have n’t been seen for years reemerged .
“ This year it was just plain rock pile , ” said Ken Frank , city manager of Laguna Beach .
“ Forget the beach . ”
And at Dockweiler Beach near Los Angeles International Airport , cobblestones are visible where there once was soft sand , and workers have been using heavy machinery to fill in some of the more perilous drop - offs .
“ We lost half a dozen palm trees that were planted in the 1980s ” after the sand holding their roots washed away , said Rich Haydon , the state Department of Parks and Recreation superintendent for Doheny , San Clemente and San Onofre state beaches .
“ The amount of sand taken away from Doheny is going to take many , many years to replenish , if it does replenish at all . ”
The storms ’ scouring of the Southern California shoreline -- remarkable at some beaches , barely noticeable at others -- has caused the worst damage and most significant beach erosion in at least a decade , according to parks and beach officials .
In January and February , powerful swells , high tides and strong winds swept away tons of sand from the coastline , stealing as much as 30 to 40 feet of beachfront at some locations .
In the month or two since the El Niño - driven storms , coastal communities -- Laguna Beach , Malibu and Manhattan Beach among them -- have worked to patch the damage by making repairs and trucking in fresh sand , but some worry whether nature will return the sand as it has in the past .
The sand loss is a familiar phenomenon .
Shifting sand is part of a natural cycle that happens each year .
Each spring , potent storm surges pull sand from the beaches out to sea .
Over the summer , gentler waves gradually push it back ashore .
Periodically , beach cities throughout Southern California try to make up for the so - called sand deficit by pumping the material in from offshore .
Global warming and sea rise are contributing to the deterioration of beaches in the long term , scientists say , but those forces are not to blame for this spring ’s dramatic changes .
It ’s the exceptional level of damage this year that has been cause for alarm .
“ This is the worst I ’ve ever seen it as far as erosion and the deficit of sand along our coast , ” said Joanette Willert , a supervising park ranger for Orange County ’s parks department and a 24 - year veteran .
“ It seems like every storm just took , took , took and none of our sand returned . ”
In the Peninsula area of Long Beach , where storm - whipped waves consumed sand voraciously , workers have been trucking sand deposited in a parking lot to amass an 80 - foot buffer between the ocean and homes , according to a city report .
At beaches like El Porto on the northern end of Manhattan Beach , the storms have eaten away at the underwater surfaces too , causing turbulent waters that could pose a hazard when beaches begin to fill up with tourists .
“ The topography of our beach is completely uneven everywhere , ” said Los Angeles County Lifeguard Capt .
Terry Harvey .
He said the erosion “ created unbelievable holes , trenches and rip currents . ”
Some ocean watchers , however , keep faith in the ocean ’s ability to resupply the sand .
“ More sand got removed this winter , but that means there ’s more sand to pile back up on the beach in the summer , which nature will do , ” said Ballona Institute co-director Roy van de Hoek .
At the tony Montage resort in Laguna Beach , where workers had built an emergency wooden stairway after guests complained that an existing staircase now ended eight feet above the shoreline , the sand is starting to build up again .
Other factors , however , make the slow homecoming of the sand less reliable than it used to be .
Sea walls and jetties have impeded the distribution of sand along the coast , making it harder for it to resettle after the tumult of spring storms .
And rivers that once deposited sand on the shore near mouths are now mostly paved .
Dams upstream keep sediment inland .
Even sand replenishment projects are susceptible to the destructive powers of Pacific waves .
In one dramatic example , workers spent weeks last year dredging a harbor and pumping masses of sand to Capistrano Beach to keep it from becoming too narrow to use .
“ It looked great right after it was done , ” Willert said .
After the year ’s first storm , however , the sand had vanished .
tony.barboza@latimes.com
Letting Coal Miners Die in West Virginia Editor ’s Note : The Big Con being played on the Tea Party crowd is that Big Corporations are funding the propaganda that convinces these middle - and working - class stiffs that the real threat to their " liberties " is Big Government , when government is all that stands in the way of corporate dominance of the United States .
While the Big Con plays out mostly on issues like getting Tea Partiers to protect the insurance industry ’s control of health - care decisions , an event in West Virginia shows how corporate greed can reach beyond playing propaganda games to playing life - or - death roulette with coal miners , as Michael Winship notes in this guest essay :
The high cost of energy in America was paid in human lives this week , with the deaths of more than two dozen miners in a massive explosion at the Upper Big Branch coal mine in West Virginia .
It 's the worst mine disaster in a quarter of a century .
Email
Printer friendly Upper Big Branch is owned by Massey Energy Company , which operates 47 mines in central Appalachia .
According to the Los Angeles Times , it employs nearly 6,000 and in 2009 reported revenues of $ 2.3 billion , with a net income of $ 104.4 million .
At the center of this week 's catastrophe is Massey 's president and CEO Don Blankenship , a man so reviled nowadays he had to be escorted away by police when he and other company officials tried to address a group of distraught family and friends outside the Upper Big Branch mine in the early morning hours after the explosion .
The crowd hurled invective - and a chair .
Blankenship hates unions ( Upper Big Branch is a non-union mine ) , thinks global warming is a figment of our imaginations and that those who do believe in climate change are crazy ; supports destructive , mountain - top - removal mining ; serves on the board of the conservative , free market U.S. Chamber of Commerce and now , lucky us , shares his pearls of right - wing wisdom via Twitter .
" America does n't need Green jobs , " he tweeted pithily last month , " but Red , White , & Blue ones . "
David Roberts of the environmental magazine Grist described him as " the scariest polluter in the U.S. ... The guy is evil and I do n't use that word lightly . "
Just one example of Massey Energy 's earlier history of environmental malfeasance was described in a May 2003 issue of Forbes Magazine : " In October 2000 the floor of a 72 - acre wastewater reservoir built above an abandoned mine in Kentucky collapsed , sending black sludge through the mine and out into a tributary of the Big Sandy River .
The sludge killed fish and plants for 36 miles downstream .
Water supplies were shut down in several towns for a month .
In total , 230 million gallons spilled out , 20 times the volume of the crude oil from the Exxon Valdez .
Lawns nearby were covered in as much as 7 feet of muck ...
" The reservoir had shown signs of leaking right before the accident and Massey failed to report that fact to regulators as required , according to the U.S. Mine Safety & Health Administration .
The cleanup has cost $ 58 million so far . "
This week 's Upper Big Branch mine disaster is the latest in a string of environmental and safety - related calamities linked to Massey and Blankenship .
In 2008 , the company paid a $ 20 million fine to the Environmental Protection Agency , and that same year , a Massey subsidiary , the Aracoma Coal Company , pled guilty to safety violations and agreed to $ 4.2 million in civil penalties and criminal fines connected to the 2006 deaths of two miners in a fire .
According to The New York Times , " After the fire broke out , the two miners found themselves unable to escape , partly because the company had removed some ventilation controls inside the mine .
The workers died of suffocation .
Federal prosecutors at the time called it the largest such settlement in the history of the coal industry . "
The Upper Big Branch mine has a long history of violations .
Last month alone it was cited by the U.S. Mine Safety and Health Administration for 53 safety violations , many of them for inadequate venting of dust and methane and improperly maintained escape passages .
Last year , the Times reports , " the number of citations against the mine more than doubled , to over 500 , from 2008 , and the penalties proposed against the mine more than tripled , to $ 897,325 . "
So far , only $ 168,393 of those fines have been paid .
Blankenship 's response ?
" Violations are unfortunately a normal part of the mining process , " he told a radio interviewer .
West Virginia and federal laws were toughened after the Sago mine disaster in 2006 that killed 12 men .
But as the number of safety citations has increased , so , too , has the number of appeals by the mining companies , and while that long bureaucratic process unfolds , it 's business as usual .
Blankenship and Massey Energy play our political system like a country fiddle , a system corrupted by money and influence .
A certified public accountant ( he 's actually in the national CPA hall of fame - I 'm not kidding ) , Blankenship apparently sees the world as one big balance sheet , with human life an expendable commodity and - especially if they 're judges or other officials - something to be bought and sold .
The non-partisan Center for Responsive Politics says that since 1990 , those associated with Massey and its political action committee have given more than $ 300,000 in campaign contributions to federal candidates .
And in 2006 , according to the National Institute on Money in State Politics , Blankenship spent more than $ 100,000 trying to elect pro-business candidates to the West Virginia state legislature .
But it's in the courthouse that Blankenship has really tried to spread the wealth .
In 2008 , photos were published of him wining and dining West Virginia Supreme Court Justice " Spike " Maynard along the Riviera .
They were popping corks in Monaco as Massey Energy was before the court appealing a $ 50 million judgment that had been won by smaller mining companies charging Massey with fraud .
Subsequently , Maynard recused himself from the case and was defeated for re-election .
Now he 's running for Congress .
Blankenship had better luck when he went on the offensive against West Virginia Supreme Court of Appeals Justice Warren McGraw , creating a PAC called " And for the Sake of the Kids . "
He contributed $ 3 million and created campaign ads described by USA Today as " venomous . "
They made particular hay with a case in which Justice McGraw was part of a majority that voted to free a mentally disturbed child molester , who got a job as a school janitor .
McGraw was defeated by Blankenship 's candidate , Brent Benjamin .
When the appeal of the $ 50 million came before the court , ABC News reports , " Justice Benjamin refused to recuse himself from the case and twice provided the deciding vote in Massey 's favor .
The jury verdict against Massey was overturned . "
So egregious were Benjamin 's actions that even the current United States Supreme Court , so heavily pro-business in its recent decision - making , was appalled .
It ruled that the judge and Blankenship were out of line .
Even so - and even with Benjamin finally recusing himself - on a third vote , Massey again won its appeal .
When you can't beat 'em , buy 'em .
Meanwhile , miners working for Massey Energy and Blankenship continue to risk their lives deep below the earth , digging out the fuel that helps keep our lights burning at the price of never knowing if the tiniest of sparks will ignite the next fatal explosion .
Michael Winship is senior writer of the weekly public affairs program “ Bill Moyers Journal , ” which airs Friday night on PBS .
Check local airtimes or comment at The Moyers Blog at www.pbs.org/moyers.
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Scientists at the University of Rhode Island are gaining new insight into the mechanisms that generate huge , steep underwater waves that occur between layers of warm and cold water in coastal regions of the world 's oceans .
David Farmer , a physical oceanographer and dean of the URI Graduate School of Oceanography , together with student Qiang Li , said that large amplitude , nonlinear internal waves can reach heights of 150 meters or more in the South China Sea , and the effects they have on surface wave fields ensure that they are readily observable from space .
Farmer and Li are reporting results of their research at the Ocean Sciences Meeting of the American Geophysical Union in Portland , Ore .
" The large waves in the South China Sea have attracted a fair bit of attention in recent years , " Farmer said , " but much of this has been directed at the interaction of the waves with the sloping continental shelf of mainland China where they break , overturn and produce intense mixing .
Our focus is on the way in which they are generated in Luzon Strait , between Taiwan and the Philippines , and the way they evolve as they propagate westwards across the deep ocean basin of the South China Sea . "
Farmer and Li studied the evolution of large internal waves occurring at tidal periods generated by currents traversing submarine ridges in Luzon Strait .
As these waves travel west through the South China Sea , they steepen and evolve into packets of steep , energetic waves occurring at periods of 20 - 30 minutes .
It is these energetic short period waves that modulate the ocean surface roughness , making their presence observable from satellites in space .
The URI scientists ' observations showed that the Earth 's rotation modifies internal waves as they travel cross the deep basin .
This effect mainly influences the internal waves that form on the 24 - hour period of diurnal tides , dispersing the energy and inhibiting the steepening process .
Internal waves that form on the semi-diurnal tides are not affected in this way , are more readily steepened and then break into the energetic , short period waves .
Farmer and Li studied internal waves in the South China Sea using pressure equipped inverted echo - sounders , instruments developed by scientists at the University of Rhode Island .
From the seafloor , the device transmits an acoustic pulse and then listens for the echo from the sea surface .
Sound travels faster through warm water than it does through cold water , so changes in the echo delay allow measurement of the thickness of the warm surface layer , enabling the shape and size of passing internal waves to be recorded .
According to Farmer , nonlinear internal waves impact the ocean in many ways : stirring up sediment on the sea floor , creating hazards to offshore engineering structures , interfering with submarine navigation , and greatly affecting propagation of underwater sound .
Internal waves also appear to have significant , if not fully understood , biological impacts , and in shallow water environments they can mix water masses and modify coastal circulation .
Debian Bug report logs - # 499328
new magic : Haskell program files
Reported by : Julian Gilbey < jdg@debian.org >
Date : Wed , 17 Sep 2008 20:15:01 UTC
Severity : wishlist Tags : confirmed , help , upstream Found in version file / 4.25-1
Reply or subscribe to this bug .
Toggle useless messages
Report forwarded to debian-bugs-dist@lists.debian.org , Daniel Baumann < daniel@debian.org > :
Bug #499328 ; Package file .
( full text , mbox , link ) .
Acknowledgement sent to Julian Gilbey < jdg@debian.org > :
New Bug report received and forwarded .
Copy sent to Daniel Baumann < daniel@debian.org > .
( full text , mbox , link ) .
Message # 5 received at submit@bugs.debian.org ( full text , mbox , reply ) :
From : Julian Gilbey < jdg@debian.org >
To : Debian bug reports < submit@bugs.debian.org >
Subject : file : recognise Haskell program files Date : Wed , 17 Sep 2008 21:13:15 +0100
Package : file Version : 4.25 - 1 Severity : wishlist Currently , file reports that a Haskell source file is actually a Java program text file .
Oops .
Julian
Information forwarded to debian-bugs-dist@lists.debian.org , Daniel Baumann < daniel@lists.debian-maintainers.org > :
Bug #499328 ; Package file .
( Mon , 26 Apr 2010 16:33:06 GMT ) ( full text , mbox , link ) .
Acknowledgement sent to Gwern Branwen < gwern0@gmail.com > :
Extra info received and forwarded to list .
Copy sent to Daniel Baumann < daniel@lists.debian-maintainers.org > .
( Mon , 26 Apr 2010 16:33:06 GMT ) ( full text , mbox , link ) .
Message # 10 received at 499328@bugs.debian.org ( full text , mbox , reply ) :
From : Gwern Branwen < gwern0@gmail.com >
To : 499328 < 499328@bugs.debian.org >
Subject : Heuristics Date : Mon , 26 Apr 2010 12:29:55 -0400
There are a couple heuristics that ' file ' could use to detect Haskell files : - Java files always have {}s in them * .
Haskell files may have {}s , but mostly do n't .
- Java ' import ' statements end in ' ; '.
Haskell ' import ' statements are allowed to end in in ' ; ' as part of the alternate syntax , but in practice very rarely do .
I have hundreds ** of Haskell source repositories , and grepping through them all , I found 12 repos *** using semicolons with import statements .
- Haskell has some unusual syntax that Java does n't ; '::' in type signatures , for example .
Or operators like '>>='. - Haskell modules usually start with either Haskell comments , -- or {- -} , which differ significantly from Java comments , // or /* */ - or they start or with the ' module ' keyword , where Java would start with a visibility modifier , public / private / protected , module kinds , abstract / interface , and the ' class ' keyword .
-
And of course , Haskell files are usually suffixed .hs or .lhs , while Java files are more usually .
java
Between these 6 differences , I think ' file ' could quite reliably distinguish Java from Haskell files .
* # java on Freenode tells me that a Java source file which consists only of ' import ' statements can get away with no {}s , but such a file will do nothing useful .
And ' package - info.java ' files - some sort of autogenerated file - can also apparently be {} - free .
But these are very much edge - cases and I think can be disregarded .
** roughly 970 *** hlint , ddc , jhc , open - witnesses , nobench , buddha , cabal , langage -c , bnfc , protocol - buffers , lhc , hera -- gwern
Changed Bug title to ' new magic : Haskell program files ' from ' file : recognise Haskell program files '
Request was from Daniel Baumann < daniel.baumann@progress-technologies.net > to control@bugs.debian.org .
( Wed , 13 Mar 2013 12:03:25 GMT ) ( full text , mbox , link ) .
Information forwarded to debian-bugs-dist@lists.debian.org , Christoph Biedl < debian.axhn@manchmal.in-ulm.de > :
Bug #499328 ; Package file .
( Fri , 07 Mar 2014 11:57:04 GMT ) ( full text , mbox , link ) .
Acknowledgement sent to Christoph Biedl < christoph@biedl.ath.cx > :
Extra info received and forwarded to list .
Copy sent to Christoph Biedl < debian.axhn@manchmal.in-ulm.de > .
( Fri , 07 Mar 2014 11:57:04 GMT ) ( full text , mbox , link ) .
Message # 17 received at 499328@bugs.debian.org ( full text , mbox , reply ) :
From : Christoph Biedl < christoph@biedl.ath.cx >
To : Julian Gilbey < jdg@debian.org > , Gwern Branwen < gwern0@gmail.com > , 499328@bugs.debian.org
Subject : Re : Bug#499328 : Heuristics Date : Fri , 7 Mar 2014 12:55:25 +0100
tags 499328 confirmed upstream moreinfo thanks Gwern Branwen wrote ... >
There are a couple heuristics that ' file ' could use to detect Haskell files : (...)
I like that list , it should provide enough stuff to create good patterns .
Since my knowledge of Haskell is rather limited ( but I wrote some programs in Miranda many years ago ) , can you recommend a package of very typical Haskell sources ( there is no such thing as typical sources , I know ) so I can do tests ?
Just one thing : > -
And of course , Haskell files are usually suffixed .hs or .lhs , while >
Java files are more usually .
java
That one will not work , file ( 1 ) is completely filename agnostic .
Christoph
Added tag (s ) upstream , confirmed , and moreinfo .
Request was from Christoph Biedl < christoph@biedl.ath.cx > to control@bugs.debian.org .
( Fri , 07 Mar 2014 11:57:07 GMT ) ( full text , mbox , link ) .
Information forwarded to debian-bugs-dist@lists.debian.org , Christoph Biedl < debian.axhn@manchmal.in-ulm.de > :
Bug #499328 ; Package file .
( Fri , 07 Mar 2014 16:48:21 GMT ) ( full text , mbox , link ) .
Acknowledgement sent to Gwern Branwen < gwern0@gmail.com > :
Extra info received and forwarded to list .
Copy sent to Christoph Biedl < debian.axhn@manchmal.in-ulm.de > .
( Fri , 07 Mar 2014 16:48:21 GMT ) ( full text , mbox , link ) .
Message # 24 received at 499328@bugs.debian.org ( full text , mbox , reply ) :
From : Gwern Branwen < gwern0@gmail.com >
To : Christoph Biedl < christoph@biedl.ath.cx >
Cc : Julian Gilbey < jdg@debian.org > , 499328 < 499328@bugs.debian.org >
Subject : Re : Bug#499328 : Heuristics Date : Fri , 7 Mar 2014 11:46:08 - 0500
On Fri , Mar 7 , 2014 at 6:55 AM , Christoph Biedl < christoph@biedl.ath.cx > wrote : >
Since my knowledge of Haskell is rather limited ( but I wrote > some programs in Miranda many years ago ) , can you recommend a package > of very typical Haskell sources ( there is no such thing as typical > sources , I know ) so I can do tests ?
You can find all the Haskell sources you could desire on http://hackage.haskell.org/packages/
;
I 'm not sure about * typical * , but as far as ' clean ' goes , the XMonad source is pretty good , and if you want to keep accuracy on popular codebases , I 'd suggest Darcs , Pandoc , & hledger .
( GHC is probably way too big and gnarly to start on . )
The CSV libraries are generally small , if that 's helpful .
-- gwern http://www.gwern.net
Removed tag (s ) moreinfo .
Request was from Christoph Biedl < debian.axhn@manchmal.in-ulm.de > to control@bugs.debian.org .
( Sun , 09 Mar 2014 12:21:20 GMT ) ( full text , mbox , link ) .
Added tag (s ) help .
Request was from Christoph Biedl < debian.axhn@manchmal.in-ulm.de > to control@bugs.debian.org .
( Sun , 09 Mar 2014 12:21:20 GMT ) ( full text , mbox , link ) .
Information forwarded to debian-bugs-dist@lists.debian.org , Christoph Biedl < debian.axhn@manchmal.in-ulm.de > :
Bug #499328 ; Package file .
( Fri , 30 Aug 2019 19:27:03 GMT ) ( full text , mbox , link ) .
Acknowledgement sent to fatimaferson@gmail.com :
Extra info received and forwarded to list .
Copy sent to Christoph Biedl < debian.axhn@manchmal.in-ulm.de > .
( Fri , 30 Aug 2019 19:27:03 GMT ) ( full text , mbox , link ) .
Message # 33 received at 499328@bugs.debian.org ( full text , mbox , reply ) :
From : " fatimaferson@gmail.com " < griestkristen67@gmail.com >
To : undisclosed - recipients : ; Subject : Hello Date : Fri , 30 Aug 2019 19:25:23 +0000
-- Hello dear Friend
My spirit ask me to contact you , please i will like you to write me back once you read my message Okay .
Information forwarded to debian-bugs-dist@lists.debian.org , Christoph Biedl < debian.axhn@manchmal.in-ulm.de > :
Bug #499328 ; Package file .
( Fri , 30 Aug 2019 19:27:05 GMT ) ( full text , mbox , link ) .
Acknowledgement sent to fatimaferson@gmail.com :
Extra info received and forwarded to list .
Copy sent to Christoph Biedl < debian.axhn@manchmal.in-ulm.de > .
( Fri , 30 Aug 2019 19:27:05 GMT ) ( full text , mbox , link ) .
Message # 38 received at 499328@bugs.debian.org ( full text , mbox , reply ) :
From : " fatimaferson@gmail.com " < griestkristen67@gmail.com >
To : undisclosed - recipients : ; Subject : Hello Date : Fri , 30 Aug 2019 19:25:22 +0000
-- Hello dear Friend
My spirit ask me to contact you , please i will like you to write me back once you read my message Okay .
Send a report that this bug log contains spam .
PX : Biden might win Ohio .
Do you care how it could happen ?
Nope
Joe Biden could win Ohio .
Do you care how he could do it ?
Nope .
You 're exhausted and ready to get on with voting , columnist Jason Williams writes .
Related Posts Cultivating Sun Tzu Jonathan Teyan • February 19 , 2009
The humble carrot , familiar fare for Bugs Bunny and armies of school children , can be a dangerous , even lethal , snack for a small number of people .
Heating the carrot , however , can render them harmless to the allergic , according to a recent study .
But how could a little heat turn a vegetable from deadly to delectable ?
And how can a wholesome carrot be dangerous in the first place ?
The carrots we buy in grocery stores are certainly not poisonous .
The carrot , native to Afghanistan , is a root that has been grown and eaten for thousands of years .
The typical orange variety was developed in 17th century Holland .
Carrots are a good source of carotene , the compound that our bodies convert into Vitamin A .
This innocuous , nutritious vegetable is nonetheless dangerous to those people whose bodies react to it as a foreign invader .
These people have immune systems that respond to carrots in ways that are usually reserved for illness - causing germs .
No one really knows why this happens , but food allergies are becoming more common and seem to be on the rise in the industrialized world .
The cause of this proliferation may be excessive cleanliness .
Today ’s western children are exposed to fewer microbes not only because of the lack of dirt and germs in the foods they eat , but because they are more socially isolated than children in developing nations .
Research has shown that children who attend daycare have fewer allergies than children who remain at home .
Furthermore , both children and adults use antibiotics to combat microbes in their environments .
In sterile environments , immune systems lack enemies , and may attack food proteins as if they were germs .
Our bodies are protected from germs by the antibodies that constantly roam the blood system looking for foreign invaders .
For allergic people , antibodies target food proteins moonlighting as allergens .
When antibodies detect an allergen , a reaction occurs .
The body ’s response to an allergen can cause a variety of symptoms from facial swelling to serious anaphylactic shock .
In carrots , several proteins can cause a reaction .
Everyone knows that cooking carrots renders them mushy .
A little heat breaks down the carrot ’s cell walls , and turns this crunchy vegetable into perfect baby food .
Heat , in fact , makes many vegetables more palatable .
In their natural state , plants have ways to avoid being eaten .
These defense mechanisms are called secondary compounds and can be poisonous to the eater .
Most common crop plants have long since lost these harmful effects , and cooking some toxic wild plants can break down their toxins , making them edible .
When carrots are cooked , the potentially allergenic proteins within them unravel , rendering them safe from targeting by the immune system .
According to a recent study in The Journal of Allergy and Clinical Immunology , these denatured carrot proteins can no longer bind to the posse of antibody scouts , and when antibodies cannot recognize allergens , a strong immune response does not occur .
The same study found that cooked carrot protein can still activate a milder immune response that causes a less dangerous reaction .
Some participants who ate cooked carrots did not swell up and suffer breathing problems , but did get rashes from the second type of immune response .
Because of this , researchers recommended that people allergic to carrots avoid carrots in all forms , even though heating reduces risk .
Do n’t run to the crisper and dump those carrots just yet , though .
Not many people have bonafide food allergies .
The FDA estimates that only about 1.5 percent of adults and six percent of children have some kind of food allergy .
Children outgrow most allergies , and allergic adults are typically only allergic to a few foods .
Allergies to carrots are most common in Europe , where up to 25 percent of people with a food allergy need to avoid this orange root .
Some experts say that food allergies develop in adults because of previous sensitivity to pollen ; the patient may become allergic to a variety of plants that contain proteins similar to those found in the pollen .
For example , celery , which is related to carrots , mugwort , certain spices and birch pollen all contain the same allergenic carrot proteins that some people just ca n’t stomach .
— –
Got a question for us ?
ASK !
Eddie Carroll , an actor who for decades gave voice to Jiminy Cricket in Disney projects and impersonated Jack Benny in a noted one - man stage show , has died .
He was 76 .
Carroll died Tuesday from a brain tumor at the Motion Picture and Television Fund Hospital in Woodland Hills , said his wife , Carolyn .
FOR THE RECORD :
Eddie Carroll obituary :
In Sunday ’s California section , the obituary of Eddie Carroll , an actor who voiced Jiminy Cricket and impersonated Jack Benny , said that his daughter ’s name was Tia Monti .
Her name is Tina Monti . —
“ He was so proud to do both roles , ” his wife said .
“ He just admired the whole fantasy of Jiminy Cricket , and he loved the man . . . who was Jack Benny . ”
In 1973 , Carroll became the second actor to voice the cricket , who was the title character ’s conscience in the 1940 animated film “ Pinocchio . ”
Before auditioning , Carroll studied Jiminy ’s signature song , “ When You Wish Upon a Star , ” sung by Cliff Edwards .
The Canadian - born Carroll realized that he needed to adopt a Midwestern accent .
Advertisement
His agent did “ back flips ” when Carroll got the part , he told the Dayton ( Ohio ) Daily News in 2008 .
“ He knew the role was a cottage industry , ” Carroll said . " . . .
There ’s something practically every month -- a singalong film , computer game , recording as spokesman for Disney on Ice , a show at Disneyland or Disney World . ”
No one else has voiced a Disney character for as long as Carroll did , said Rick Dempsey , senior vice president of Disney ’s Character Voices division .
“ He totally was Jiminy Cricket , ” Dempsey said .
“ He really took what the character was into his own heart and in a sense lived that in his own life .
He also was one of the best Jack Benny impersonators on the planet . ”
When a crew member on a 1982 film set ruined a scene by dropping a prop , Carroll broke the tension by bursting out with a trademark Benny line , “ Oh , for heaven ’s sake , Rochester ! , ” and “ everybody laughed , ” Carroll later recalled .
Advertisement
It led to him being cast in the one - man show , “ A Small Eternity With Jack Benny , ” which opened in 1983 in Santa Monica .
After touring in that show for a year , he wrote a tribute , “ Jack Benny : Laughter in Bloom , ” and continued appearing as the comedian , who died in 1974 , until late last year .
He often toured six months a year .
Los Angeles magazine ’s reaction to the show in the 1990s was typical : “ Before our eyes , he truly becomes the legendary comedian . ”
Laura Leff , president of the International Jack Benny Fan Club , told The Times : “ Jack ’s humor is based so much around character , and Eddie was able to recreate that in a very authentic way .
It was the next best thing to having Jack himself there . ”
Advertisement
Eddie Eleniak was born Sept. 5 , 1933 , in Edmonton , Canada , and acted in high school alongside another student , Robert Goulet .
A bout with polio was not far behind him when Carroll came to Los Angeles in the mid-1950s with Goulet as part of an NBC talent program .
Soon after moving to the U.S. , Carroll served in the Army .
For two years , he wrote and produced shows for Armed Forces Radio and Television .
When his mother suggested he needed a simpler last name , he adopted “ Carroll ” for a favorite aunt .
Advertisement
In an acting class after the war , he met Jamie Farr , who would appear in the TV series “ MASH . ”
They formed a production company in the 1960s that developed a number of projects for networks and studios .
“ We were like brothers , and we still are , ” Carroll said in 2005 in the Toledo ( Ohio ) Blade .
Carroll had appeared in more than 200 commercials , according to his website , and was a regular on the early 1970s variety program “ The Don Knotts Show . ”
To portray Benny , Carroll taught himself to play violin and joked with a Times reporter in 1999 : “ Thank goodness Benny was n’t a great violinist or I ’d be in trouble . ”
Advertisement
After walking onstage as Benny , he would put the violin down and drolly say , “ Do n’t look so relieved ; I play it later . ”
Actress Erika Eleniak of TV’s “ Baywatch ” is his niece .
For almost 37 years , he lived in Encino with his wife , whom he married in 1963 .
He is also survived by his children , Tia Monti and Leland Carroll ; and two brothers , Bob Elen and Dale Eleniak , all of Los Angeles .
Advertisement
valerie.nelson@latimes.com
A man is recovering in hospital after he was mauled by a wombat at Flowerdale , north - east of Melbourne .
Paramedic Robert Gill said Bruce Kringle , 60 , was a survivor of the Black Saturday bushfires and was living in a caravan while he built a new home .
Mr Gill said when the man went to leave the caravan this morning , he found the wombat on his door mat .
" Unfortunately the gentleman stood on the wombat and the wombat proceeded to get rather nasty and attacked him and inflicted some wounds to his lower legs and also to his arms as well , " Mr Gill said .
" It took about 20 minutes .
He did try to exit the area and get away from the wombat but my belief is that it kept coming at him . "
A local resident said the man managed to kill the wombat with an axe .
Mr Gill said other residents had had a run-in with the wombat earlier .
" They were able to exercise caution with him and get rid of him further down the road , but unfortunately the next stop was this gentleman 's door mat , " he said .
Mr Gill said the man was bitten on the arms and legs and taken to the Northern Hospital in a stable condition .
Mr Kringle 's friend , Kelly Smith , said the wombat pulled him to the ground in the attack .
" Apparently it attacked his leg and got him to the ground and started attacking his chest , then Brucey killed the wombat and got taken to hospital in an ambulance , " she said .
Jeff McClure from the Department of Sustainability and Environment ( DSE ) said it was highly unusual for a wombat to attack a person .
" Wombats that are in an advanced stage of mange will become very agitated from the suffering and the irritation of the mange , " he said .
He said if wombats are approached or feel threatened they will rush towards someone .
" But it 's not known that they will push the attack to where they would physically attack someone . "
This website used to be dedicated to promoting abortion .
Abortion is probably the worst tragedy in todays world by a long shot .
Of course our world is full of injustice and cruelty , but abortion definitely takes the cake as the worst .
Being pro-life is so important !
There are many reasons why but chief among them is the fact that abortion ends the life of an innocent human being at a point when they are completely defenseless and unable to escape .
They are completely helpless and yet they are regarded as worthless .
Worthless in terms of human dignity , but of course they are valued for the price of the abortion and the price of selling their remains for ‘ research . ’
Can you believe that the remains of aborted babies are sold in secret for profit ?
This is ridiculous !
It sounds fake , it sounds like something out of a horror movie , but just google it !
It ’s for real .
You can find video evidence of abortion providers making deals to sell the body parts of aborted babies .
It ’s crazy .
I mean , you ca n’t be that surprised I guess .
When someone is okay with dismembering a little , innocent human being then what is to stop them from feeling that it ’s okay to sell that baby for profit ?
Nothing .
It makes sense , but it ’s still horrifying .
Abortion is a terrible thing .
It must be avoided and eliminated and can only be done so through peaceful and non-violent means .
The language of the abortionist is violence .
The language of the pro-lifer is peace and non-violence .
There are many ways in which you can get involved and start helping to put an end to abortion .
You can do it through activism , through voting , through donating , through your personal conversations , through volunteering .
There are so many things that you can do !
Voting
Voting is probably the first thing people think of when it comes to abortion .
It ’s kind of sad really because it ’s probably the least effective thing you can do .
Do n’t get me wrong , it ’s important and you should vote pro-life at all levels of government and for all branches of government , but really politics follows culture .
The culture is not yet changed so really the best you can hope for in the realm of politics is a marginal change .
There wo n’t be huge world altering changes within politics without huge changes in the culture .
So go ahead and vote , but remember that it ’s really not enough .
Activism
Activism is probably the second one people think of and it is definitely more effective than voting , but to the extent that it is focused on political change it is really limited by the same issue I mentioned above .
Activism can change peoples ’s minds and it can help put pressure on public figures and institutions , but in the end it ’s not super effective .
I mean really , when was the last time you changed your mind due to an activist you met on the street ?
When was the last time a picket sign changed your entire worldview ?
See what I mean ?
Donating
Again donating , like activism is helpful but is limited when it is used for politics and that sort of things .
Donating to a pregnancy resource center or an organization that is focused on educating people is much more effective .
This is because people who specifically help those who are abortion vulnerable are really much more likely to have an effect than a politician .
Service is more effective than power .
Which brings me to the next option .
Volunteering
Volunteering is a great way to get involved especially when you ’re talking about your local pregnancy center or a pro-life education organization .
Many of these organizations are often short - staffed and could put you to work doing some basic things even if you ’re brand new to the pro-life movement .
Learning
One of the most important things that we can do as pro-lifers is to be educated .
The abortion advocates may have more money and power but we have the truth on our side .
Because of that in the end we will win and life will be protected !
We recommend going over to whyprolife.com and spending some time there to learn as much as you can so that you can be effective in whatever you do for the pro-life movement .
Beginning in the mid-1990s , home prices in many American cities began a decade - long climb that proved to be an irresistible opportunity for investors .
Along the way , a lot of people made a great deal of money .
But by the end of the first decade of the twenty - first century , too many of these investments turned out to be much riskier than many people had thought .
Homeowners lost their houses , financial institutions imploded , and the entire financial system was in turmoil .
How did this happen ?
Whose fault was it ?
Some blame capitalism for being inherently unstable .
Some blame Wall Street for its greed , hubris , and stupidity .
But greed , hubris , and stupidity are always with us .
What changed in recent years that created such a destructive set of decisions that culminated in the collapse of the housing market and the financial system ?
In this paper , I argue that public - policy decisions have perverted the incentives that naturally create stability in financial markets and the market for housing .
Over the last three decades , government policy has coddled creditors , reducing the risk they face from financing bad investments .
Not surprisingly , this encouraged risky investments financed by borrowed money .
The increasing use of debt mixed with housing policy , monetary policy , and tax policy crippled the housing market and the financial sector .
Wall Street is not blameless in this debacle .
It lobbied for the policy decisions that created the mess .
In the United States we like to believe we are a capitalist society based on individual responsibility .
But we are what we do .
Not what we say we are .
Not what we wish to be .
But what we do .
And what we do in the United States is make it easy to gamble with other people ’s money — particularly borrowed money — by making sure that almost everybody who makes bad loans gets his money back anyway .
The financial crisis of 2008 was a natural result of these perverse incentives .
We must return to the natural incentives of profit and loss if we want to prevent future crises .
My understanding of the issues in this paper was greatly enhanced and influenced by numerous conversations with Sam Eddins , Dino Falaschetti , Arnold Kling , and Paul Romer .
I am grateful to them for their time and patience .
I also wish to thank Mark Adelson , Karl Case , Guy Cecala , William Cohan , Stephan Cost , Amy Fontinelle , Zev Fredman , Paul Glashofer , David Gould , Daniel Gressel , Heather Hambleton , Avi Hofman , Brian Hooks , Michael Jamroz , James Kennedy , Robert McDonald , Forrest Pafenberg , Ed Pinto , Rob Raffety , Daniel Rebibo , Gary Stern , John Taylor , Jeffrey Weiss , and Jennifer Zambone for their comments and helpful conversations on various aspects of financial and monetary policy .
I received helpful feedback from presentations to the Hoover Institution ’s Working Group on Global Markets , George Mason University ’s Department of Economics , and the Mercatus Center ’s Financial Markets Working Group .
I am grateful for research assistance from Benjamin Klutsey and Ryan Langrill .
None of the above bears any responsibility for any errors in this paper .
In writing this paper , I ’ve learned a little too much about how our financial system works .
Unfortunately , I ’m sure I still have much to learn .
And as more of the facts come to light about the behavior of key players in the crisis , I ’ll be commenting at my blog , Cafe Hayek , under the category “ Gambling with Other People ’s Money . ”
Continue reading
Xdebug 2.1.0 RC1 released
Schiphol , Netherlands
As earlier announced in my April Fools ' announcement and on Xdebug 's twitter feed , I 'm now releasing Xdebug 2.1.0RC1 .
This is the first Release Candidate and it addresses a number of issues found in the latest beta .
As I usually do in release announcements , I will also be introducing a new feature in Xdebug 2.1 in this one .
In an article that I wrote a few months ago , I illustrated a few different reasons on why the shut - op operator ( @ ) should be avoided .
Although there are a few cases where it simple can not be avoided if you want to write notice - free code , the main reason why this operator should be avoided , is because it makes debugging quite a bit more difficult if errors are hidden .
Xdebug is a debugging aid to make debugging easier .
So from version 2.1.0 there is a new configuration setting — xdebug .scream — that simply disables the effects of the @ operator .
That means that all errors will be shown , of course , still listening to the error_reporting and display_errors settings .
This functionality is not a novel thing , and the idea was lifted from the PECL scream package .
However , I think this functionality fits in very well with all the other things that Xdebug has to offer .
Just to mention it once more , I have no intention of making Xdebug closed source .
I spend a considerable amount of time in adding new features and addressing issues , so I would appreciate it that if consider a donation in case Xdebug has saved you time and effort in debugging your application .
If you have comments or suggestions to improve Xdebug , please write to the mailinglist .
Here is President Obama 's reaction to a question from George Stephenapoulos of ABC News : Obama brushed off criticisms from former Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin of his administration 's recently announced nuclear policy by noting her lack of experience on the subject .
" I really have no response .
Because last I checked , Sarah Palin's not much of an expert on nuclear issues , " he said in an exclusive interview with ABC News ' George Stephanopoulos .
President Obama went on to add : " If the Secretary of Defense and the Chairman of the Joints Chiefs of Staff are comfortable with it , I 'm probably going to take my advice from them and not from Sarah Palin , " he said .
A back - handed slap to an ignorant and dangerous political train wreck , Sarah Palin .
On the morning of May 18 , 1980 , research geologist Richard Waitt got a call from a Vancouver friend telling him a giant cloud was approaching the city from nearby Mount … Read story
It began with a striking image on the front page of The Seattle Times on Friday , June 5 , 1987 .
Read story
Mount St. Helens 40th anniversary
On May 18th , 1980 , Mount St. Helens erupted killing 57 people and changing the way residents of the Northwest viewed the volcano in their midst .
For the last 40 years ,
The Columbian has written about every aspect of the eruption — the people who died , including Columbian photographer Reid Blackburn , the survivors , the scientists , the tourists and the life that has slowly returned to the mountain .
We have gathered our stories , along with reader recollections from over the years , here .
The Longview Daily News also has a page dedicated to Mount St. Helens .
Pero desde luego que nos indignamos .
¿ Cómo está eso de que por el solo hecho de que no parezcamos gringos , que no seamos rubios y con sobrepeso por tanta comida frita en nuestra dieta de comidas rápidas , nuestros paisanos puedan ser sujetos de arrestos , multas y deportación ?
¿ Cómo está eso de que una violación a la ley migratoria , que es una falta administrativa , se convierta en Arizona en un acto criminal ?
Por supuesto que tenemos que denunciarlo , en coro y desde todos lados .
Qué bien que nuestros políticos dejen de lado que Estados Unidos es una democracia para que exijan a Barack Obama , que como presidente de Estados Unidos frene esa ley - al final de cuentas , nuestros resabios culturales del autoritarismo nos permiten excesos como pedir al Ejecutivo que manipule a la federación .
Es excelente que la Iglesia católica se queje y presione al gobierno federal de que haga algo por los pobres mexicanos que están a punto de ser repatriados contra su voluntad , y que el gobierno ofrezca la defensa a ultranza de ellos .
Qué motivador es también que en el Congreso haya voces que quieran promover iniciativas contra la ley antiinmigrante .
Hay una ola nacional contra la gesta racista en las tierras desérticas de Arizona .
Pero en realidad vemos al norte para no voltear hacia nosotros mismos .
Culpamos a otros sin mirar lo que hacemos de forma bastante más salvaje y grotesca .
Les gritamos que discriminan , que son déspotas , mal nacidos y exterminadores del multiculturalismo .
Gritamos con la fuerza de nuestro pulmón para esconder cuán hipócritas somos y lo infame de nuestra maniquea solidaridad .
Sacamos lo mejor de nosotros para esconder lo peor porque , ¿cuál fue la reacción mexicana cuando el año pasado la Comisión Nacional de Derechos Humanos dio a conocer su informe sobre el maltrato de los centroamericanos en México ?
¡ Exacto !
Nada .
Pero no nos confundamos .
La ley antimigratoria que firmó la semana pasada la gobernadora Jan Brewer es la más restrictiva que existe actualmente en Estados Unidos , lo que motivó críticas del presidente Obama inclusive antes de que la suscribiera y lo hizo advertir que el Departamento de Justicia observará su aplicación - de acuerdo con la ley en Arizona , en un plazo de 90 días- , porque existe la posibilidad de que sea violatoria de los derechos humanos .
Brewer esperó hasta el final para hacer algo que sus antecesores se habían negado a firmar .
Arizona no se ha distinguido en los últimos años por ser un espacio donde confluye un conocimiento amplio del complejo fenómeno migratorio , sino al contrario .
Esta decisión que polarizó al país en unos cuantos días se inscribe en el marco electoral que muchos fuera de Estados Unidos pasan de largo .
La ley antiinmigrante fue una iniciativa que el tesorero del estado Dave Martin aprovechó para presionar a Brewer y obligarla a tomar una posición pública .
La gobernadora , que sustituyó a Janet Napolitano cuando Obama nombró a ésta secretaria de Seguridad Territorial , buscará la reelección este año y en las primarias republicanas a finales de agosto , su principal adversario es , precisamente , Martin .
Una vena racista que se ha venido alimentando desde hace años cuando aparecieron en Arizona organizaciones vigilantes que crearon grupos paramilitares para frenar la inmigración en la frontera con México , y sucesivos gobiernos que elaboraron más de 200 iniciativas en contra de ese grupo en esta década , construyen parte del sedimento político que se ha empalmado con la temporada electoral .
La denuncia , como rápidamente se hizo en varios países centroamericanos cuyos inmigrantes también resultarán afectados , es una obligación moral y una posición política .
Pero , ¿con dobles discursos como el mexicano ?
El reporte que dio a conocer la Comisión Nacional de Derechos Humanos denunció que policías se habían vinculado con el crimen organizado - cárteles como Los Zetas y pandillas como los maras - para secuestrar , golpear , violar , prostituir , extorsionar y asesinar impunemente a inmigrantes a su paso por México .
Entre septiembre de 2008 y febrero de 2009 , periodo que comprendió el estudio , fueron secuestrados un promedio de 67.7 inmigrantes centroamericanos por día - una cifra que , bajo cualquier perspectiva , es escandalosa .
En el 10 por ciento de esos casos se documentó la participación de autoridades .
El informe describió algunos testimonios que recogió de las víctimas , como el de una inmigrante salvadoreña , secuestrada junto con una compatriota , a quienes secuestraron en las vías de tren por la zona de Tierra Blanca , en el estado sureño de Veracruz , para luego ser llevadas a una casa de seguridad .
La salvadore ña recordó : " Nos pidieron el número de teléfono de nuestros familiares en Estados Unidos y nos amenazaron que si no se los dábamos nos matarían .
Todo el tiempo nos insultaron con groserías , además de que nos dieron de cachetadas , nos daban empujones y patadas en todo el cuerpo , nos pegaban con un látigo , nos taparon los ojos y nos amordazaron .
A mi compañera la mataron porque ella no tenía quién le ayudara y no les dio ningún número ... le dispararon dos veces en la cabeza y la dejaron desangrándose como tres horas enfrente de mí para intimidarme .
" El lugar en donde me tuvieron secuestrada es una casa grande , oscura , sucia , que olía mal .
Los dos días que estuve secuestrada dormía en el piso , no había cobijas y sólo me dieron una vez de comer un pan duro y poquita agua , además de que los individuos que me secuestraron me desnudaron y me violaron .
En ese lugar todo el tiempo se escuchaban quejidos , gritos y lamentos de otras personas que posiblemente estaban secuestradas " .
Los investigadores de la Comisión Nacional de Derechos Humanos encontraron las ligas de complicidad entre delincuentes y autoridades por todo el país .
Descubrieron que las redes de traficantes humanos llegan a darles salvoconductos a los inmigrantes , que es un nombre - clave , útil para que cuando en el trayecto hacia la frontera con Estados Unidos los vuelvan a secuestrar para extorsionarlos , sus nuevos captores ya no les cobrarán .
El monto que pagan cada uno de los inmigrantes va de 1,500 mil a 5,000 dólares , y en volumen este ilícito generó una utilidad , en el periodo que investigaron , superior a los 25 millones de dólares .
La denuncia fue difundida con discreción en los medios de comunicación , y provocó nulas medidas correctivas del gobierno federal y menos aún de los gobiernos estatales , donde sus policías resultaron involucradas .
Los políticos deben haber estado entretenidos con algo muy importante para el futuro de la patria , pues prácticamente no se enteraron de las violaciones a los derechos humanos cometidas en contra de centroamericanos y ciudadanos de otros países en territorio mexicano .
Ya sabemos .
Hablar a favor de los inmigrantes no tiene ninguna utilidad política .
Hablar contra los gringos , tiene enormes réditos .
Con gritos no se resuelve nada en Estados Unidos , porque el problema , por más molestia que nos pudiera llegar a causar , es doméstico .
Con gritos en México a favor de inmigrantes se habría generado una corriente de opinión pública que podría haber puesto presión sobre autoridades y legisladores para que este problema añejo de racismo y violencia contra los indocumentados en este país pudiera comenzar a tener contrapesos políticos , judiciales y , eventualmente , alguna solución que no fuera la extorsión , la violencia y la muerte .
Pero es pedirle demasiado a nuestras clases gobernantes , que hablan mucho y hacen poco , o hacen mucho cuando el esfuerzo es mínimo y no se meten en problemas reales , como habría sucedido si gritaran tan fuerte por los inmigrantes que cruzan México , como lo están haciendo hoy en día en el Cañón del Colorado .
En Estados Unidos probablemente no influirán en absoluto , ni incidirán en frenar la tendencia racista en estos tiempos electorales .
Pero si lo denunciaran en México con la vehemencia y reiteración que lo hacen frente a Estados Unidos , podrían haber hecho una diferencia , y la doble moral que exudan por la piel habría sido un punto negro en nuestra historia , no una realidad que diariamente nos atropella .
Femen , the provocative women ’s movement in Ukraine , burst on the scene in 2008 and became internationally known for going topless ( and , well , almost entirely naked ) to protest sex tourists , sexism and other social ills .
Group members are now hoping to capitalize on their fame and good intentions by going into politics and running for seats in the next parliamentary election , scheduled for 2012 .
But will anyone take them seriously ?
Femen ’s leader , Anna Hutsol , thinks so .
Unser täglich Fleisch !
Ein Leben ohne Fleisch ist für die meisten Menschen kaum vorstellbar .
2012 lag der durchschnittliche Fleischkonsum in Deutschland pro Kopf bei rund 60 Kilo jährlich .
Eine enorme Summe , vor allem , wenn man bedenkt , dass pro Kilo des beliebten Schweinefleisches etwa 10.000 Liter Wasser und für Rindfleisch sogar 15.000 Liter Wasser benötigt werden .
Gleichzeitig haben weltweit 1.1 Milliarden Menschen kein sauberes Trinkwasser zur Verfügung .
Erde , Feuer , Wasser Luft !
Im großen Stil werden weltweit kostbare Waldflächen gerodet .
Nicht selten geschieht dies durch die sogenannte Brandrodung .
Regenwälder haben oft den Nachteil , dass nur die oberste Schicht des Bodens aus Humus besteht , also reich an Nährstoffen ist .
Deshalb wachsen die Bäume beispielsweise immer mit flachen , aber breiten Wurzeln nah an der Oberfläche .
Die Brandrodung schafft durch die Asche eine zweite dünne Schicht .
So lässt sich der Boden für kurze Zeit agrarisch besser nutzen .
Da die Nährschicht jedoch so gering ist , es in Regenwaldgebieten allerdings stark regnet , tritt schnell Bodenerosion ein und die für das Pflanzenwachstum so wichtigen Nährstoffe werden , samt Humusschicht weggespült .
Dies bedeutet , dass nicht nur der Boden unbrauchbar gemacht , sondern auch der kostbare Regenwald , Heimat zahlreicher , seltener Tiere und Lunge der Erde systematisch für den Hunger auf Fleisch vernichtet werden .
Ein Drittel der agrarischen Nutzfläche ist dabei für die Produktion von Futtermitteln reserviert .
Auf einen Kilo Fleisch kommen etwa 16 Kilo Getreide .
Auch hier werden nochmal literweise Wasser verschwendet .
In trockenen Regionen , wo sich zwar kostensparend produzieren , jedoch eine hohe Bewässerungsrate nicht vermeiden lässt , leidet die Umwelt unter den extremen Bedingungen .
Anstatt der sparsamen Tröpfchenbewässerung werden häufig konventionelle , billigere Bewässerungsmethoden genutzt , die Tonnen von Wasser aus nahegelegenen Flüssen und Seen pumpen .
Da der Großteil verdunstet ist der Verbrauch enorm und lässt das nahegelegene , häufig regional vorkommende Wasserreservoir rasch austrocknen .
Die Folge : Dörfer , die von den Wasserquellen abhängig sind , müssen leiden oder gar umsiedeln .
Die Tiere verenden an den Folgen der Dehydrierung .
Nicht nur der Boden leidet unter der Fleischindustrie .
Durch die Massentierhaltung wird ein hoher Ausstoß an Methan produziert , der direkt in die Luft steigt und mit zur Weitung des Ozonlochs beiträgt .
Nitrifizierende Bakterien vermehren sich rasch und mit dem entstehenden Ammoniak machen sie wertvolles Grundwasser ungenießbar .
Krabben , die in Büsum gefangen werden , werden in Marokko gepult ?
Was zunächst absurd klingt , ist in Wirklichkeit Tatsache !
Krabben , die in der Nordsee beispielsweise zwischen Büsum und Helgoland gefangen werden , kommen mit einem Schiff zunächst nach Marokko , um dort gepult zu werden .
Anschließend kann man sie in jedem Supermarkt in Deutschland als Büsumer Krabben kaufen .
Wer das ganze selbst beobachten möchte , kann eine Fahrt nach Helgoland von Büsum aus buchen und das Spektakel hautnah miterleben .
Ethische Grundrechte für Tiere ?
8,68 Millionen Personen haben 2014 in Deutschland mindestens eine Katze .
Keiner davon würde sie Essen .
Viele sind der Meinung ihr Haustier habe eine Seele und würde sogar verstehen was das Herrchen sagt .
Warum denken wir also anders von Rindern , Schweinen und Lämmern ?
Die Gier der Menschen nach Fleisch steigt von Jahr zu Jahr an und erreicht Raten , die nicht mehr lange zu halten sind .
Diese enormen Massen an Tieren können längst nicht mehr alle draußen auf Weiden gehalten werden , wie die Slogans der Fleischproduzenten fälschlich suggerieren .
Viel lieber sollen die Allesfresser mal ihre Gewichtsprobleme in den Griff bekommen , meinetwegen können sie dafür auch die überteuerten Fatburner nutzen .
Tiere müssen gezüchtet , eingestallt , gemästet und geschlachtet werden .
Das erfordert Zeit und vor allem Platz .
Um den teuren Platz einzusparen , werden die meisten Tiere in der konventionellen Massentierhaltung untergebracht .
Die wenigsten
Tiere haben dabei Raum genug , um sich auch nur um die eigene Achse wenden zu können .
Viele davon werden unwürdig gequält und verenden noch bei der Aufzucht .
Bilder , wie die von Peta zeigen die grausame Wahrheit der Massentierquälerei .
Unwürdige Verhältnisse schockieren dann den Fleischesser , lassen ihn am morgen von der Salami zur Marmelade wechseln und abends doch wieder zum Steak wandern .
Warum ?
Weil das Steak keine Augen mehr hat .
Keine Seele mehr hat .
Der Mensch muss aufwachen und erkennen :
Er isst der Dritten Welt das Wasser , den Tieren die Würde und dem Klima und dem Rest der Menschheit den Sauerstoff weg .
Aber muss das wirklich sein ?
Nein !
Vegan zu leben bedeutet der Verzicht auf tierische Produkte .
Dazu zählen Fleisch , Fisch , Eier , Milch und Milcherzeugnisse , wie Butter , Sahne , etc. Honig , aber auch Leder .
2009 hat die Amerikanische Gesellschaft für Ernährung ( ADA , American Dietetic Association ) ein Positionspapier über den Veganismus und Vegetarismus publiziert .
Aufgrund der bekannten Verbindungen zur Tierindustrie ist dies sehr bemerkenswert .
Die ADA kommt zu dem Schluss , dass auch die vegane Lebenseinstellung , sofern gut geplant , gesünder ist als die herkömmliche Lebensweise mit dem übermäßigen Fleisckonsum .
Sie hilft nachweislich chronischen Krankheiten , wie Krebs , Diabetis und Herz - , sowie Arterienleiden vorzubeugen und zu therapieren .
Professor Dr. T. Colin Campbell , Autor der Ernährungsstudie „ The China Study “ erklärt die Vorteile des Vegetarismus :
„ Die Untersuchungsergebnisse zeigen , dass die Mehrheit von vielleicht 80 bis 90 % der Herz - Kreislauf - Erkrankungen , Krebserkrankungen und anderen degenerativen Erkrankungen durch eine rein pflanzliche Ernährung bis ins sehr hohe Alter verhindert werden können “
Der gefürchtete Vitamin B12 Mangel , der nachweislich auch Fleischesser betreffen kann , kann durch einzunehmende Supplemente , sowie eine gesunde Planung der Ernährung hinreichend umgangen werden .
Alles in Allem ist der Vegetarismus unumgänglich , da der Konsum mit momentanen Ausmaßen nicht mehr lange zu halten ist .
Der Veganer trägt aktiv dazu bei der nachfolgenden Generation eine lebenswerte Umwelt zu erhalten , Regenwälder , das Klima und das Wasser zu schützen .
Tom C. sent us an ad for Google that does an excellent job of resisting the urge to make separate commercials aimed at men and women .
In the ad below , a searcher seeks information on masculine - typed and feminine - typed activities , as well as more neutral ones .
It leaves open the sex of the searcher .
It ’s a nice counterpart to the profoundly gendered advertising we see almost everywhere else … and evidence that it does n’t have to be that way .
— — — — — — — —————-
For another example of non-gendered advertising , see this vintage Uniroyal tires ad .
In comparison , Hulu sometimes asks whether you want to see ads made “ for her ” or “ for him , ” Facebook wants to know what sex you are so as to better sell to you , and Best Buy will just assume you ’re a dude ,
a bit about Free software , a bit about graphics , a bit about design , a bit about photography , a bit about gadgets , a bit about life and many more
Washington ( CNN ) -- President Obama has asked the Department of Health and Human Services to establish a rule that would prevent hospitals from denying visitation privileges to gay and lesbian partners .
The president 's Thursday memo said , " There are few moments in our lives that call for greater compassion and companionship than when a loved one is admitted to the hospital .
...
Yet every day , all across America , patients are denied the kindnesses and caring of a loved one at their sides . "
Gay and lesbian Americans are " uniquely affected " by relatives - only policies at hospitals , Obama said , adding that they " are often barred from the bedsides of the partners with whom they may have spent decades of their lives -- unable to be there for the person they love , and unable to act as a legal surrogate if their partner is incapacitated . "
When Lisa Pond collapsed during a family vacation in Florida three years ago , her partner of 17 years was kept away from her hospital room .
Janice Langbehn begged and waited for hours to stand by Pond 's bedside at Miami's Jackson Memorial Hospital , but it was n't until her partner 's sister arrived that she got any information .
In the end , the person Pond was closest to was relegated to a waiting room as she died from an aneurysm .
" To hold Lisa 's hand was n't a gay right , it was a human right , " Langbehn told CNN on Thursday .
Obama requested that the regulation make clear that any hospital receiving Medicare and Medicaid funding , which includes the vast majority of U.S. hospitals , must allow patients to decide who can visit them and prohibit discrimination based on a variety of characteristics , including sexual orientation and gender identity .
Read the president 's memorandum ( PDF )
The president listed widows and widowers without children and members of certain religious orders among those who suffer under the policy .
The memo was welcomed by gays and lesbians , who have used the restrictions on hospital visitation as an argument in favor of same - sex marriage .
" In the absence of gay people being able to legally marry in most jurisdictions , this is a step to rectify a gross inequity , " said David Smith , an executive at the Human Rights Campaign , the nation 's largest gay rights group .
" Because without gay marriage , much more inequities exist .
It should be applauded . "
Smith said the organization had been working with the Obama administration for months on the request , and that it was sparked by the case of an Olympia , Washington , lesbian couple who were kept apart as one died from an aneurysm while hospitalized in Miami , Florida .
The rule would help hundreds of thousands of lesbian , gay , bisexual and transgender families , he said .
Obama 's memo also requires the HHS regulations to guarantee hospitals honor all patients ' advance directives , which include stipulations such as who should make health care decisions if the patient is n't able to do so .
The memo also directs the department to look into any other health care barriers that pose challenges to such families and make recommendations to the president on them within 180 days .
He pointed out that North Carolina recently amended its Patients ' Bill of Rights to give each patient " the right to designate visitors who shall receive the same visitation privileges as the patient 's immediate family members , regardless of whether the visitors are legally related to the patient . "
Delaware , Nebraska and Minnesota have adopted similar laws , the memo said .
For Langbehn , a call from Obama about the order was a humbling experience .
For years , she pressed the Florida hospital for an apology , and never got one .
On Thursday , she received an apology from the president for how her family was treated .
The key part of the new rule would be that patients would have the right to pick their " circle of intimacy , " Langbehn said , which means her partner " did n't die in vain . "
CNN 's Anderson Cooper , Devon Sayers and Samira Simone contributed to this report .
Verdensbanken åpner databasene sine for fri bruk , akkurat slik USA og mange andre land har gjort med offentlige data den siste tiden .
Verdensbanken skal by på mer enn 2.000 ulike datasett , som inkluderer økonomiske nøkkeltall og statistikk om infrastruktur , teknologi , miljø , helse , forskning , samfunnsutvikling , utdanning og mye mer .
Frislippet inkluderer full tilgang til data fra 209 land , som i enkelte tilfeller strekker seg hele 50 år tilbake i tid .
Mange av rådataene er allerede tilgjengelig både for nedlasting og gjennom et programmeringsgrensesnitt ( API ) .
I løpet av sommeren skal API - ene ytterligere forsterkes med funksjonalitet og flere formater .
Verdensbanken opplyser at de også vil tilgjengeliggjøre widgets slik at dataene enkelt kan integereres i nettsider .
Alt sammen blir tilgjengelig gjennom det nye nettstedet data.worldbank.org .
Utviklere må registere seg for å få tilgang til API - et .
Les også :
I was startled to learn that a close friend , also an Atheist , just entered drug rehab .
He lives in another state and I only see him occasionally so it was easier for him to hide his addiction from me than from all those with whom lives and works .
But I was surprised when he sent me an e-mail telling me he was caught stealing and abusing narcotics for two years .
I would have never guessed .
My friend was a successful professional , and is happily married with two young kids .
His wife is an evangelical Christian .
He has always been very vocal about his Atheism and she married him understanding their differences .
They live near the wife ’s very supportive Christian family in the heart of the Bible Belt .
The wife takes the two kids to church but my buddy does not go and her church is aware that he is an atheist — her pastor has visited my friend and spoken politely to him a few times without obvious intent to convert .
My drug - addict buddy just started the 3 - month rehab program — isolated from family and friends .
He can only e-mail 20 minutes per day .
He wrote me that his program uses a 12 - step AA model .
Part of the program is that the addict is suppose to acknowledge and depend on a Higher Power .
As readers know , I am a sympathetic Atheist who feels that religion can offer many positive functions .
To me , when I hear “ Higher Power ” , I often generously translate it to mean “ Less of SELF ” — which , in my Buddhist way , I can support .
I also feel my buddy ’s anti-social characteristics are counter productive for him .
So , when my friend wrote me from the rehab center and wondered what an atheist like him was to do with this “ higher power ” issue , I wrote him a reply which I consider consistent with the Buddhist notion of “ skillful means “ .
I essentially suggested he get religion .
Below is my letter suggesting one way to do it .
I ’d love to hear your opinions .
BTW , my friend gave his excited permission for me to post his story and this e-mail .
Click “ more ” to read the e-mail ( mildly edited ) :
By Sima Kotecha
Newsbeat US reporter
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A US woman who thought she had won $ 43 m ( £ 28 m ) on a slot machine has been told it was a mistake .
The Fortune Valley Casino in Central City , Colorado , told Louise Chavez from Denver the machine had " malfunctioned . "
It is now unlikely she will see a penny of the dream jackpot .
When the lights and bells went off , Ms Chavez , who earns about $ 12,000 a year as a carer , thought she had hit the big time .
" All of a sudden I saw the light come on on top of the machine , " Ms Chavez told ABC 's Good Morning America .
" I 'm like , ' Oh , my God ! Oh , my God ! '
I 'd never had this feeling before in my life , never . "
However , gaming officials investigating the incident reckon it was probably just an unfortunate computer glitch .
Ms Chavez , who was celebrating her birthday , said all she ended up with was a free room for the night , some food and the original $ 20 she had put into the machine .
" I put my money in there , " she said .
" Whatever I won , I should get .
" There are dreams and there are things I 'd like to do - helping my family , helping my kids .
That 's why I 'm disappointed .
" My emotions changed from excited , thrilled , to very upset . "
The casino said it was the first time they had had such a serious machine error in 15 years of business .
Your Final NHL Local TV Ratings and Viewership Rankings in the US
April 19 , 2010 by Stephen M. Lepore
From the article by John Ourand of Sports Business Journal .
Special thanks to Ben Wright .
We ’ll do ratings first , then number of households watching .
Data for the Hurricanes and Predators is not available .
Ratings
1. Pittsburgh Penguins ( FS Pittsburgh ) – 8.05 ( Up 26.2 % )
2. Buffalo Sabres ( MSG Buffalo ) – 6.45 ( Down 19 % )
3. Detroit Red Wings ( FS Detroit ) – 4.21 ( Up 5.3 % )
4. Chicago Blackhawks ( CSN Chicago ) – 2.45 ( Up 131.1 % )
5. St. Louis Blues ( FS Midwest ) – 2.33 ( Up 21.4 % )
T6 . Boston Bruins ( NESN ) – 2.18 ( Down 13.8 % )
T6 . Philadelphia Flyers ( CSN Philadelphia ) – 2.18 ( Down 8.8 % )
8. Minnesota Wild ( FS North ) – 1.67 ( Down 27.4 % )
9. Washington Capitals ( CSN Mid-Atlantic ) – 1.6 ( Up 46.8 % )
10 . Colorado Avalanche ( Altitude ) – 1.56 ( Up 13 % )
11 . Columbus Blue Jackets ( FS Ohio ) – 1.39 ( Down 25.3 % )
12 . San Jose Sharks ( CSN California ) – 1.11 ( Down 20.7 % )
13 . New York Rangers ( MSG ) – 0.89 ( Down 18.3 % )
14 . Dallas Stars ( FS Southwest ) – 0.74 ( Up 27.6 % )
15 . Phoenix Coyotes ( FS Arizona ) – 0.62 ( Up 55 % )
16 . Tampa Bay Lightning ( Sun Sports ) – 0.60 ( Up 27.7 % )
17 . New Jersey Devils ( MSG Plus ) – 0.58 ( Up 48.7 % )
18 . Los Angeles Kings ( FS West ) – 0.48 ( Up 50 % )
19 . Anaheim Ducks ( Prime Ticket ) – 0.42 ( Up 50 % )
20 . New York Islanders ( MSG Plus ) – 0.36 ( Up 100 % )
21 . Atlanta Thrashers ( SportSouth ) – 0.33 ( Up 26.9 % )
22 . Florida Panthers ( FS Florida ) – 0.25 ( Up 8.7 % )
Households Watching
1. Pittsburgh Penguins – 93,000 ( Up 25.7 % )
2. Chicago Blackhawks – 86,000 ( Up 132.4 % )
3. Detroit Red Wings – 80,000 ( Up 3.9 % )
4. New York Rangers – 67,000 ( Down 17.3 % )
5. Philadelphia Flyers – 64,000 ( Down 9.9 % )
6. Boston Bruins – 53,000 ( Down 13.1 % )
7. New Jersey Devils – 43,000 ( Up 48.3 % )
8. Buffalo Sabres – 41,000 ( Down 18 % )
9. Washington Capitals – 37,000 ( Up 48 % )
T10 . Minnesota Wild – 29,000 ( Down 27.5 % )
T10 . St. Louis Blues – 29,000 ( Up 20.8 % )
12 . San Jose Sharks – 28,000 ( Down 20 % )
T13 . New York Islanders – 27,000 ( Up 107.7 % )
T13 . Los Angeles Kings – 27,000 ( Up 50 % )
T15 . Anaheim Ducks – 24,000 ( Up 50 % )
T15 . Colorado Avalanche – 24,000 ( Up 14.3 % )
17 . Dallas Stars – 19,000 ( Up 35.7 % )
18 . Columbus Blue Jackets – 13,000 ( Down 23.5 % )
19 . Phoenix Coyotes – 12,000 ( Up 71.4 % )
20 . Tampa Bay Lightning – 11,000 ( Up 22.2 % )
21 . Atlanta Thrashers – 8,000 ( Up 33.3 % )
22 . Florida Panthers – 4,000 ( Unchanged )
Below , some analysis
Anyone in the entire universe pick the Devils as the team with the most viewers aside from the four original six teams plus Boston & Philly ?
Probably not .
New Jersey might be as popular on TV as it ’s ever been .
Yet … apparently , not popular enough to justify a damned VERSUS appearance .
Figure the Avalanche to have a much bigger bump next year , for anyone surprised at how low they are .
Denver loves a winner , so I ’d have to think they ’ll be in the 40,000 range next year .
Other teams that will likely boon even further next year : Isles , Kings , Lightning , Caps , Hawks .
Teams likely headed down next season : Minnesota , Anaheim , Columbus , St. Louis
It ’s kind of a disturbing discrepancy between the haves and the have nots as far as TV ratings go .
Five teams are over 60,000 viewers , while six teams are under 20,000 viewers .
Flickr Following Opened Up Miniature Town to Unexpected Visitors Artist stirs memories and emotions with photographs of miniature " Elgin Park . "
March 28 , 2010  -- Michael Paul Smith lives in a place most of us know only from the pages of old photo albums .
In his hometown , the good old days are still just as shiny and bright as a new set of white wall tires .
But you wo n't find this place on any map .
" People forget how colorful the past really was , " Smith says as he snaps another photo of " Elgin Park , Pennsylvania , " the tiny town Smith has created using his collection of 1 /24 scale model cars and homemade buildings .
Smith began taking the lifelike pictures of his tiny town a few years ago using an inexpensive digital camera .
He 'll stage scenes outside in front of real backgrounds , or set them up on tables inside his cramped apartment in Winchester , Mass .
It 's a hobby he might have kept to himself had it not been for the photo sharing site Flickr .
One day Smith posted a few of his snapshots on line , and suddenly and without explanation , his small town went viral .
" Some people get very emotional , and some people cry , " Smith says .
" I think it 's about home , I think it 's about safety . "
Smith 's Flickr site has recorded over nine million hits since it was created , and every day Smith says he receives hundreds of e-mails .
" A woman from England wrote to me and she said I 'll be in the states , I want to visit Elgin Park .
I broke it to her gently , " Smith says .
He says the woman never wrote back .
" I think I broke her heart . "
But despite ever miniature detail , there 's one thing that 's missing from Elgin Park -- people .
Smith says he leaves them out on purpose .
" I want people to look at the picture , and I want people to visit with their mind .
I love that sense of quietness , and I was here by myself , " he says .
Still that has n't stopped uninvited guests from visiting Elgin Park .
One day Smith logged on to find his town had visitors -- creative fans of Elgin Park had " Photoshopped " themselves into Smith 's photographs .
They 've now created an " Elgin Park " page on Flickr , encouraging other users to share photos of their " visits " to the small town .
Look for Stray Thumb or Creator in Photos
But Smith says there are still plenty of doubters -- people who 've accused him of somehow faking or doctoring his photographs .
But Smith says there is no special editing involved .
To prove his point , he 'll occasionally appear in the background of a scene , or reveal his thumb next to one of his cars .
" What I 'm finding is making my models is n't a hobby , but it 's preserving the past , things we just do n't know any more , " he says .
" I 'm a one man historian . "
WE’RE A COURT LOW
As the great Supreme Court replacement derby gets fired up , John Shu reminds the American public that liberals relish the chance to perpetuate the stereotype that virtuous “ liberal ” judges rule in favor of minorities , the poor and the little guy while those shameful “ conservative ” judges rule in favor of evil corporations , police departments and white males .
Mr. Shu is a Supreme Court confirmation specialist who served as an adviser in both Bush White Houses .
“ This stereotype been around for a very long time .
The White House and its allies are already starting to try and take advantage of it , and politically , that ’s not a bad strategy .
But it ’s not an accurate strategy .
It ’s not based on fact , ” Mr. Shu tells Inside the Beltway .
“ The public should pay attention to the arguments that surround a particular nominee .
If the arguments say this person is qualified through education and experience , well , that ’s rational .
If the arguments cite the fact that they have empathy for the poor and the little guy , or are not in favor of evil corporations and the white male , then you have to wonder what ’s going on , ” he says .
“ It ’s important .
Pay attention .
These appointments are for life . ”
BORDER WARS
Not everyone is squawking about Arizona ’s new immigration law .
“ The ‘ open borders ’ Obama administration has postured itself in favor of amnesty over the rule of law .
Now states like Arizona are being forced to step up and fill the void left by the Department of Homeland Security and the Obama administration , ” says Rep. Steve King , Iowa Republican .
“ I commend Arizona for standing up for the rule of law and protecting American workers .
This is the time for the Obama administration to accelerate enforcement of immigration laws to make room for unemployed Americans , not grant amnesty . ”
WOO WORTHY
Decisions , decisions .
To oppose financial regulation or embrace it ?
That is the question among politicians in full woo mode , eager to appease their base support and fickle independents alike with just the right set of alliances .
It is a tricky business , with an unpredictable trajectory .
“ With independent voters distrustful of both government and Wall Street bankers , Republicans would appear to be at risk of losing some of their current advantage with independents should they oppose financial - regulation legislation , ” says pollster John Zogby , who gauges such sentiments in today ’s “ Poll du Jour . ”
“ Supporting the Democrats ’ bill wo n’t be appreciated by a majority of Republican voters , but this should be the issue where GOP lawmakers abandon the strategy of appealing to the base so as not to lose unaffiliated voters .
As for Democrats , being strongly anti-Wall Street could be effective in countering their burden of being seen as the party of big government , ” Mr. Zogby concludes .
BUTTON PATROL
“ Annoy a liberal .
Work hard , be happy . ”
Lapel button for sale at the Republican National Committee ’s online store .
FUN WITH SCIENCE
Quick , somebody call Al Gore .
“ Purple pokeberries - the weeds that children smash to stain their cheeks purple - red and that Civil War soldiers used to write letters home - could be the key to spreading solar power across the globe , ” say researchers at Wake Forest University ’s Center for Nanotechnology and Molecular Materials .
They have used the crimson pokeberry dye to coat inexpensive fiber - based solar cells that produce twice the power of the flat plastic variety .
The dye acts as an absorber , boosting the fibrous cell ’s output even more .
“ Pokeberries proliferate even during drought and in rocky , infertile soil .
That means residents of rural Africa , for instance , could raise the plants for pennies .
Then they could make the dye absorber for the extremely efficient fiber cells and provide energy where power lines do n’t run , ” notes center director David Carroll .
“ They ’re weeds .
They grow on every continent but Antarctica , ” he adds .
THE RACKET
There ’s the regular back and forth of tennis , pingpong , squash , badminton , jai alai , and Senate Democrats during financial - regulatory reform legislation , some observers say .
Republicans raise legitimate concerns about the various provisions in the bill that allow bailouts , and ka-blam .
Democrats dismiss it as mere “ talking points . ”
Republicans earnestly point out that the real - world consequences of the Democrats ’ legislation will be more bailouts , and whap .
Democrats are calling “ talking points ” once again .
Now why is this ?
Why wo n’t the learned Democrats give a substantive answer to critiques that their bill perpetuates taxpayer bailouts of private companies ?
“ Because they can ’t .
When shouting ‘ talking points ’ is your only rebuttal , you have no rebuttal , ” says the Republican Study Committee .
“ Will the Democrats ’ inability to defend their permanent - bailout bill finally be revealed as too - ridiculous - to - succeed ? ”
POLL DU JOUR
• 46 percent of U.S. voters would favor a political party that was “ anti- Wall Street . ”
• 9 percent of Republicans and 78 percent of Democrats agree .
• 44 percent of voters overall would favor a party that was “ anti-government . ”
• 84 percent of Republicans and 10 percent of Democrats agree .
• 56 percent of voters overall support Wall Street financial regulations .
• 16 percent of Republicans and 86 percent of Democrats agree .
Source : A Zogby International survey of 1,993 likely voters conducted April 23 - 25 .
• Tips , quips and fairly well - worded press releases to jharper@washingtontimes.com .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
A BUNGLING thief who stole an empty aftershave box and broke his ankle trying to evade police after another theft escaped a prison sentence on Thursday .
Shaun Robert Green , 28 , of Gigant Street , Salisbury , pleaded guilty to two counts of theft when he appeared before the city ’s magistrates .
The court heard that on January 26 he tried to steal a Makita drill from B &Q by throwing it over the fence in the yard so he could later go and pick it up .
But staff became aware of what he was doing and locked him in the yard until the police arrived .
Green tried to climb over the fence to escape but the razor wire caused him to fall and he suffered a compound fracture to his ankle and had to spend several weeks in Salisbury District Hospital .
On April 4 he took a box of aftershave from the city ’s Debenhams store and hid it in his pocket , only to later discover the box was empty .
Nick Redhead , defending , said : “ He ’s an affable man but a spectacularly incompetent thief .
He ’s not in work at the moment and receiving income support but is looking to get incapacity benefit due to ongoing problems with his ankle . ”
The magistrates said the value of the items was n’t great but that the offences came on top of a long record of previous relevant convictions and Green was in breach of a conditional discharge .
They sentenced him to a six - month community order with supervision .
When a consumer stops paying a bill , creditors often try to collect on their own for a few months .
In many instances , the creditor hires another company to collect the debt .
In other cases , they may dispose of the debt by selling it to a debt buyer for a steep discount .
Image Steven Katz , a former bill collector , says debtors can “ use the laws as they are on the books as both a shield and a sword ” against unscrupulous collection efforts .
Credit ... Samantha Sais for The New York Times
Debt collectors and debt buyers are the targets of litigious consumers , since the debt collection law primarily applies to third - party collectors .
Peter Barry , a Minneapolis trial lawyer , is so bullish on the future of debt collection litigation that he holds several “ boot camps ” each year to share his secrets with other lawyers who want in on the action .
If the debtor wins a court case under the act , the debt collector must pay the lawyer ’s fees .
The next boot camp is being held in early May in San Francisco , at a cost of $ 2,495 a person for two and a half days of instruction .
“ I ca n’t sue every illegal debt collector in America , although I ’d like to try , ” Mr. Barry said .
Mr. Katz can also claim some credit for the increase in lawsuits .
For six years , he has run a free Web site called Debtorboards.com , where people share tips on topics like keeping a paper trail and recording calls from collectors .
He said the site received two million hits in 2009 , a 60 percent increase over the previous year .
“ Debtorboards is geared to help people use the laws as they are on the books as both a shield and a sword , ” said Mr. Katz , who says he has won $ 36,000 from his own litigation against collection agencies .
( Since many of the settlements are confidential , it is difficult to prove the claims of Mr. Katz and others ) .
Of course , debt collectors are hardly pleased with the litigation trend .
Rozanne M. Andersen , chief executive of ACA International , a trade association for the debt collection industry , said she was “ extremely concerned ” about the increase in lawsuits , which she said cost her industry hundreds of millions of dollars a year .
She said much of the increase was the result of ambiguous language in the Fair Debt Collection Act .
A potentially lethal fungus normally found only in the tropics has established a foothold on the Pacific Coast of British Columbia and has slowly made its way southward into Washington , Oregon and Idaho , researchers said Thursday .
Health authorities are not unduly alarmed by the fungus because the number of cases so far remains small , but both federal and state officials — including those in California — are monitoring its progress in the fear that it will spread more rapidly as it reaches warmer climates .
“ Overall , I do n’t think it is a large threat at this time , ” said molecular biologist Edmond J. Byrnes III of Duke University Medical Center , the lead author of the report appearing in the online journal PLoS Pathogens .
“ But the fact that it is continuing to spread geographically and the number of cases is rising makes it a concern . ”
FOR THE RECORD :
Lethal fungus : :
An article in Friday ’s Section A about a potentially lethal fungus said four human cases had been reported in California .
Three cases have been reported in the state .
The spread is also a concern because the strain of the fungus that moved into the U.S. in 2004 has mutated to become more lethal than the original strain that invaded British Columbia in 1999 .
Five of the 21 people who contracted the fungus in the U.S. have died ( about 25 % ) , compared with 8.7 % of the 218 infected people in Canada .
The fungus has also infected many different species of mammals .
“ This is really big news in the world of people who study [ fungi ] , ” said mycologist Karen Bartlett of the University of British Columbia , who was not involved in the current research but who is one of the leading experts on the outbreak .
“ It ’s of clinical health importance because of the fact that the diagnosis can potentially be missed by physicians and veterinarians ” because they do n’t know about this new fungus .
The fungus in question is called Cryptococcus gattii , which is found primarily in tropical and subtropical regions .
It is a close relative of Cryptococcus neoformans , which kills more than 600,000 people annually in such regions .
C. gattii ’s primary habitat in Canada is about 10 species of trees , primarily Douglas fir and western hemlock .
C. gattii seems to infect primarily healthy people , while its close relatives — for which it can easily be mistaken — primarily infect those with a compromised immune system .
Physicians seeing its symptoms in an otherwise healthy person thus might not think to look for it .
It is not transmitted from person to person or carried by insect or animal vectors .
C. gattii , like all fungi , forms spores that are blown in the wind or moved around by disturbances of the soil .
They can easily be carried on the soles of shoes , for example .
The spores are inhaled and colonize the lungs , and then they spread throughout the body .
The primary symptoms include prolonged coughing , night sweats , pneumonia and weight loss over a period of weeks .
Meningitis can occur , which produces severe headaches .
Treatment involves six to eight weeks of intravenous antifungal medications , such as amphotericin B , followed by up to six months of oral fluconazole .
“ We need physicians to be aware of this and think about it when they see symptoms of infection , ” said epidemiologist Julie Harris of the mycotic diseases branch of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
“ This is a serious infection , but so far it ’s a rare infection . ”
The primary victims of infection have been people who spend a lot of time outdoors , often in contact with soil , and those who do woodwork and construction , Harris said .
So far , researchers have found almost no instances of the fungus in the environment in the U.S. , Byrnes said .
The 21 cases in humans and about three times that number in animals have been widely dispersed , in cities , suburbs and rural areas .
The animals that have contracted it are species that do n’t travel , and there are no common denominators to any of the infections , he said .
Four human cases , none of whom died , and four in animals have been observed in California , according to Dr. Ben Sun , the state public health veterinarian .
The fungus is not traveling eastward “ because we do n’t think it will ever be able to live in the Sierra Nevada , ” Bartlett said .
“ Could it go down the Central Valley of California ?
Yeah , probably .
But it will be intermittent , not a homogenous spread . ”
thomas.maugh@latimes.com
“ Party time !
Excellent ! ” Wayne and Garth make their first appearance on # streetview http://gss.st/Cm
“ Schwing ! ”
Read full article »
A comic comes stumbling into the room despite Tony exploding violently and Wes quietly giggling in the corner .
Lib Dem leader makes powerful pitch as he depicts his party as a significant change from Labour and the Conservatives
Nick Clegg , the Liberal Democrat leader , stole the first televised leaders ' debate in British political history by offering himself up as the fresh and honest alternative to two tired old parties in an electrifying , fast - moving , 90 - minute primetime broadcast .
Clegg 's revelatory performance , acknowledged by Labour , has the potential to change the political landscape , even if David Cameron , with the most to lose last night , will be relieved that in some of the instant reaction polls he came second , ahead of the prime minister .
Throughout the debate , Gordon Brown was aggressive and tried to launch a pincer movement with Clegg against the Tory leader , but the Liberal Democrat resisted on issues such as democratic reform , inheritance tax and social care .
Clegg , in effect introduced to the nation for the first time , said : " Do n't let them tell you that the only choice is between two old parties that have been playing pass the parcel with your government for 65 years now making the same old promises , breaking the same old promises . "
The charge reprised his opening claim when he pointed to the other two leaders , saying : " Now , they are going to tell you tonight that the only choice you have is between the two old parties who 've been taking it in turns to run things for years . "
In the first substantial poll conducted after the debate , Populus for the Times found Clegg the overwhelming winner with 61 % and Cameron and Brown trailing on 22 % and 17 % respectively .
Alan Johnson , the home secretary , said : " Clegg won on style , Brown on substance with Cameron squeezed out . "
Though there were no obvious catastrophic errors of judgment by the three men , the foreign secretary , David Miliband , claimed Cameron had insulted a fellow permanent member of the UN security council by at one point in the debate implying that China represented as much of a nuclear threat to the UK as Iran .
But overall the quality and the speed of the discussion dispelled fears that the rules would make the 90 minutes stilted or slow - moving .
Brown tried throughout to hit Cameron on the economy and the Tory decision to advocate £ 6bn of cuts this year .
He said : " We 've got to make a decision now about how we secure the recovery this year .
We 've got to make a decision about whether we put funds into the economy or take funds out of the economy .
I 'm very clear : we must n't make the mistakes of the 1930s or 1980s when unemployment rose for five years after the official end of the recession .
We 've got to make sure the money is in the economy this year to make sure that it is secure . "
He also repeatedly challenged the Tory leader on his refusal to give guarantees on spending on health schools and hospitals .
At one point Brown quipped : " You can airbrush your posters , but you cannot airbrush your policies . "
Cameron , standing back from the lectern , secured early impact by apologising on behalf of all the political class for the expenses crisis , and repeatedly tried to use real - life stories to bring home his points to the massive audience .
He also offered a strong peroration .
" What you have heard in this debate is just repeated attempts to try and frighten you about a Conservative government .
I would say choose hope over fear , because we have incredibly exciting and optimistic plans for the future of our country .
" The great vision where we build a bigger society , when we get our economy moving , when we stop Labour 's job tax that could destroy that economy .
I think it 's been shown tonight that the idea you have to go on wasting money to secure the recovery is simply wrong . "
The debate focused on domestic issues , especially crime , immigration , education and cleaning up politics – but rapidly spread right across the political canvas .
The three men played to their perceived political strengths during the debate .
At the end of one exchange between Brown and Cameron , Clegg countered in one of the night 's more telling hits by saying : " The more they attack each other the more they sound like one another . "
Brown relied again and again on his experience .
" These are no ordinary times and this is no ordinary election , " he said .
" This is the defining year to get these decisions right now .
Get the decisions wrong now and we could have a double - dip recession .
I know what this job involves and I look forward to putting my plan to you this evening . "
Trying to present Cameron as evasive , seen by Labour as one of his weaknesses , he tried to pin the Tory leader down by saying : " This is not Question Time , this is answer time , David . "
In one of the more testy exchanges on immigration , Cameron said Britain had benefited from immigration across decades .
" But I do think that it has got out of control and does need to be brought back under control , " he said .
The prime minister shot back : " I do not like these words because we are bringing it under control .
Net inward immigration is falling and will continue to fall because of the measures we have taken . "
Cameron claimed net inward immigration had been around 77,000 under Tory governments but under Labour it had never been below 140,000 .
Clegg said : " What has gone so wrong is talking tough and delivering chaos in the way that it is run . "
The Conservative leader tried to put distance between the Tories and 13 years of Labour – and attempted to draw the sting out of the toxic issue of MPs ' expenses .
He said : " Your politicians – frankly , all of us – let you down .
We can go on as we are , or we can say : ' No , Britain can do much better . '
We can deal with our debts , we can get our economy growing and avoid this jobs tax , and we can build a bigger society . "
Cameron admitted that not everything Labour had done over the past 13 years had been wrong , and he would keep the good things .
" But we need change , and it's that change that I want to help to lead . "
• This article was amended on 16 April 2010 .
The original reported David Cameron as saying net inward immigration had been around 7,000 under Conservative governments .
A post -debate opinion poll conducted for the Times was said to be by YouGov .
This has been corrected .
Actor Robert Culp Dead
Actor Robert Culp , 79 , best known for his work in television 's " I Spy " in the 1960s and more recently in " Everybody Loves Raymond , " died this morning after a fall at his Hollywood home , authorities said .
The actor was rushed to Queen of Angels hospital shortly after 11 a.m. PDT after hitting his head while taking a walk outside his home , said LAPD Lt. Bob Binder .
He was found by a jogger who called 911 , and paramedics , patrol officers and detectives responded to the scene , the Los Angeles Times reports .
He was pronounced dead at the hospital later ; no foul play is suspected but an autopsy will be conducted .
A native of Oakland , Calif. , he graduated from the University of the Pacific in Stockton , California .
Although often considered only a television actor , Mr. Culp worked in the movies as well , as naval officer John F. Kennedy 's friend Ensign George Ross in " PT 109 " ; as gunslinger Wild Bill Hickok in " The Raiders " and as the fiance of Jane Fonda in the romantic comedy " Sunday in New York . "
He went on to star in " Bob & Carol & Ted & Alice " in 1969 .
Mr. Culp also played the president in Alan J. Pakula 's 1994 murder mystery " The Pelican Brief . "
According to IMDB.com , he was a poker playing buddy of Hugh M. Hefner as a result , was a frequent guest at the Playboy Mansion .
Full obituary here .
- video encodings still in process -
In this video we see Prophet Yahweh , a superhuman African Hebrew Israelite from a different star system , telepathically summon a spacecraft that can be seen entering and exiting our atmosphere .
Four solid months after going into open beta , Palm 's entirely web - based SDK for webOS -- the so - called Ares SDK -- has reached version 1.0 , bringing " lots and lots " of new features along for the ride .
Biggies include UI - less components that add functionality to your application , in - line help , undo and copy / paste functionality ( for the SDK , that is ) , and a plug - and - play multitouch - enabled Google Maps widget that you can drop into your own screens .
Even if you do n't own a Pre and have no intention of commercializing a webOS app , it sounds like a blast to screw around with -- and considering how important the third - party ecosystem is for Palm right now , we 'd say that 's a good thing .
Interested parties can get set up with the gold build right now .
Renowned custom toy creator Jin Saotome , who you 've seen before , is back and telling Valve how it should be spending its merchandising budget : on action figures .
Advertisement
Jin 's custom
Spy figure , from online shooterTeam Fortress 2 , may have ridiculous knees , but everything else about him is spot - on , from his stupid grin to the " masks " he can wear to sneak around behind someone braver and shank them in the ribs .
If you 're up for an online adrenaline rush it 's available on eBay .
Failing that , you could just head to Jin's DeviantART page and check it out in detail .
Advertisement
Spy vs Pyro vs Scout vs etc [ Jin @ DeviantART , via Tomopop ]
The new UK Space Agency , with its mandate to improve the nation ’s space industry , may position it well to work with NASA in its new exploration direction .
Per ardua ad astra
There have been several sore points to UK - US relations in diplomatic , strategic , and cultural terms , and the “ special relationship ” is an abstraction constantly invoked by British newspapers in their commentaries of political challenges common to the two countries .
Historical examples arguably include the use of V - 2 rocket technology , the British Miles 52 supersonic flight project and its link to the USAF pilot Charles Yeager ’s historic flight , the claims of Barnes Wallis about the swing wing design that became used on the F - 111 strategic bomber and , culturally , films such as U - 571 which apparently claimed that the US Navy captured the Enigma machines in World War II .
However , it is possible to look on the positive side of things and see where there has been mutual benefit : for example , the claims that the Royal Navy helped to establish the famous “ Top Gun ” school and President Kennedy agreeing to sell the Polaris nuclear missile system to the Royal Navy in 1962 .
The apparent setback for NASA of Constellation ’s cancellation provides an opportunity for closer collaborations with other countries and , at this time , there can be few other countries as ready to hit the ground running than the UK .
In space , the first British satellite , Ariel 3 ( manufactured by the Royal Aircraft Establishment ( RAE ) , now QinetiQ ) , was launched by a NASA Scout rocket in 1967 , and defense and scientific collaborations have continued to the present with the UK making the largest contribution in the Mars Robotic Exploration Program as part of the NASA - ESA ExoMars program .
The contrast , however , between recent developments in both countries , at least superficially , appears to be vivid .
Soon after President Obama announced plans to cancel the Constellation program to return humans to the Moon , the UK finally confirmed a long - awaited establishment of a national space agency , the UKSA , which is intended to play a far more powerful and strategic role in space activities than the British National Space Centre ( BNSC ) .
On the one hand , an American lead in human space exploration seems to be fatally compromised and , on the other , the British reluctance to affirm its status as a serious long - term investor in human space exploration is apparently revoked .
While this sounds devastating to the US , it is well ahead of most other countries in preparing the ground for space tourism and the opportunities that this should open to further space developments .
Just as importantly , it can be argued that this apparent setback for the US provides an opportunity for closer collaborations with other countries and , at this time , there can be few other countries as ready to hit the ground running than the UK .
Thus , one can see two ways in which the US space community can perceive the cancellation of the Constellation program .
There could be a convulsion in which there is a general loss of confidence and a resignation to declining power status , perhaps much like Britain after the 1950s .
The country would then bravely try to stay ahead or keep up with China and other emerging space nations but underlying this might be a kind of defeatism and fatalism like that which purportedly led to British retreat from space , first in launchers in the 1970s then in manned space exploration in the 1980s .
It is hard to consider this outcome likely , however .
Instead , one hopes for a “ win- win ” model where the US embraces this change and uses it to its advantage in ways other countries are unable or unwilling to do .
I would say that no other country would empathize with NASA ’s current predicament more than the UK , with its history of cancelled , abandoned , or underfunded aerospace projects ( Miles 52 , Blue Steel , TSR - 2 , Black Arrow , Falstaff , HOTOL , Beagle 2 , etc . )
The UK , through its new space agency , has a responsibility to clarify and implement an all - encompassing space strategy .
Indeed , it is interesting how many recommendations made by the Innovation and Growth Team ( established by the UK Government to investigate how to grow the space sector ) have been directly addressed .
Examples include the instigation of the new space agency , a national space technology strategy , a space leadership council , and utilizing the results of high - level reviews of strategic space interests .
These obligations , and the historical falling short of expectations felt by some in this country , would make the UK receptive and motivated to assist NASA ’s priority projects .
The continued emphasis on economic return as a goal for any mission that the UK participates in resonates with the wish of President Obama to offload much of NASA ’s obligations to the private sector .
A willing partner , with similar goals , a shared historical legacy , similar historical hardships , and a similar current ethos should appeal to both NASA and UKSA , provided that key personnel and officials are proactive in contact and collaborations .
I would say that no other country would empathize with NASA ’s current predicament more than the UK , with its history of cancelled , abandoned , or underfunded aerospace projects .
The defense establishment in the UK was never slow in recognizing the potential of aerospace and space , but the political will has often been lacking and shriveled further by gloomy perceptions about the national economic situation .
The early launch of Ariel 3 , the advanced but little known Skynet constellation , and the mention of “ criticality ” of access to space - based capabilities in the Green paper preceding the forthcoming strategic defense review are but recent examples of the establishment ’s awareness of space .
A review is reportedly under way in government of the Outer Space Act ( 1986 ) to facilitate the use of reusable launchers in the UK .
However , the political and defense establishment has demonstrated before that , when the strategic imperative is present , lengthy reviews and departmental action ( let alone procrastination ) can seemingly be bypassed or drastically reduced , as was seen in a short space of time with the construction of rocket test ranges and launch sites at RAF Spadeadam , the RAE at Farnborough , the Isle of Wight , and more famously at Commonwealth sites in Woomera , Australia .
In fact , most of these facilities are either still in use or have been reused in the past few years .
Thus , the seed of launch capabilities and infrastructure could very well be sown almost immediately in this country following Ministerial directives , providing a foundation for action by the next government and , most importantly , boding well for future space tourism , commercial , and scientific launches ( whether domestic or international ) from the UK .
To provide a background perhaps instructive to the situation facing NASA and UKSA at the moment , one can look at a disparate chain of events going as far back as the first days of flight .
Around eight years after the first powered airplane flights made by the Wright Brothers on the sand dunes at Kill Devil Hills , North Carolina , the Royal Flying Corps in Britain was formed and quickly a motto was needed .
The motto — Per ardua ad Astra ( through adversity to the stars ) — persists to this day in the RAF and allied Commonwealth air forces .
To the officers at the time , their flights could well have seemed like just the first stage to the stars made eventualy by a later incarnation of the Corps .
The adversity now facing NASA is a later manifestation of this journey and , like the Wright Brothers and the Flying Corps , the business of NASA and like - minded agencies — of getting to the stars — must continue as ever .
Home
As a general rule , therapists should not accept gifts from their clients .
While the therapeutic relationship is special , it is still a professional one , and the practice of accepting presents starts to blur the boundaries of the work clients and therapists do together .
While not inherently a dual relationship , gift - giving does make the relationship more personal , and should generally be avoided so that the professional relationship remains unadulterated .
Sometimes , however , a client would like to show that the help a therapist provides goes beyond the check that the client writes for the service mehrere pdf dateien herunterladen .
For me , this has happened most often at the end of therapy , when the client has improved and it ’s time for us to go our separate ways .
Is it wrong to accept a small token of a client ’s appreciation ?
Not necessarily , as the therapeutic relationship does not exist in a vacuum .
The office is still the real world .
A therapist cannot simply deny a gift from a client .
That would just be rude .
While not a Therapist Rule per se , my professional stance is that I will accept a small gift , provided that the item is not particularly expensive or suggestive of anything other than thanks for services rendered dasta app downloaden .
A common example might be a small plant , a picture frame , or a coffee table book .
There are also less common examples :
Jim and I worked together for six months on depression and low self - esteem .
Jim was a mid-20 ’s man and college graduate , and his depression did n’t have a clear trigger or starting point .
At the beginning of his depression , Jim was n’t eating or socializing , and could n’t get himself out of bed to go to work .
He described himself as worthless and that he would never bring anything of value to a relationship , which was particularly troublesome to him since he wanted to start a family in the near future ps4 spiele kostenlos downloaden 2019 .
An anti-depressant from his family doctor helped Jim to regain his appetite and get to work .
But psychologically Jim was still miserable , and saw that medicine in and of itself would n’t get him to like himself again .
So he turned to Rob Dobrenski : psychological guide , attractive sage , and recent murder attempt survivor .
Jim was one of the more amazing clients I have worked with .
A true therapy lover , he never missed a session , or even one minute of one session for that matter .
He printed out articles on various therapeutic approaches to depression and we discussed them piano notes for free .
He did any and all therapy homework that was asked of him .
He learned how to think differently about himself and his world .
And over time , he felt better about himself , which meant that he no longer needed to be in therapy .
A good rule of thumb is to plan a final session in advance , rather than simply deciding on the spot that a client will not return .
This allows the therapist and client to talk about what the client has learned , what work he could continue to do on his own , potential pitfalls that could lead to relapse , and the like .
It ’s also a time to say good - bye and get closure , for both therapist and client .
“ Rob , this is for you , for all of your help , ” Jim said dofus herunterladen .
Jim handed to me a small , flat refrigerator magnet , about a 3 inch by 3 inch square .
“ This is …lovely , ” I said , wondering what would compel Jim to give me this .
Sensing something other than gratefulness and appreciation , Jim said “ What ’s wrong ?
You do n’t like it ? ”
“ No no , it ’s not that ” I said .
“ You do n’t like the slogan ? ”
“ It says , ‘ I Love My Penis . ' ”
Actually , the word ‘ love ’ was symbolized via the commonly used red heart , making the statement a true double - organ sentence herunterladen .
“ Right !
And you do … do n’t you ? ”
“ Sure .
Of course .
I ’ve just never received a gift such as this . ”
Therapist Rule :
When given a gift that falls outside the lines of tradition , try to understand the meaning behind the gift .
“ I very much appreciate that you ’d give me a thank - you gift for our work together , I just do n’t quite understand what made you choose this particular gift . ”
“ You ’ve helped to get my self - esteem back .
I did n’t like myself for a long time , but that ’s changed now .
I got myself a girlfriend , and she tells me to be proud of my penis , that ’s it ’s the gateway to my manliness zedge kostenlos herunterladen .
She ’s right , and I am proud .
Damn , I might even marry this woman .
‘ I Love my Penis ’ is my new mantra , and I wanted to share it with you as my way of saying thank you .
It ’s also to remind you to be proud .
Of your penis .
And your life .
That ’s what you helped me to be . ”
Although an unusual moment in my professional life , these instances are what make a therapist ’s career worthwhile .
Knowing that I played a profound part in Jim ’s transformation made it a wonderful time to be alive , and even though he had never once mentioned his penis in the sixth months prior to that day , I felt immersed in Jim ’s newfound happiness herunterladen .
“ Thank you , ” I said .
“ It ’s a nice present , and I ’m glad I helped you to be proud .
Of your penis .
And your life . ”
“ You ’re proud too , right ? ”
“ Right .
We ’re both … proud of our lives .
And other things too . ”
“ Shout it with me before I go ” he said .
“ I ’m sorry ? ”
“ Shout it with me .
To celebrate ! ”
“ Shout what ? ”
“ I love my penis , ” Jim said .
“ I do n’t know if that ’s … ”
“ Shout it ! ”
“ I love my penis . ”
“ Louder ! ”
“ I love my penis ! ”
“ Together ! ”
“ I LOVE MY PENIS ! ” we screamed at the tops of our lungs adobe reader mac herunterladen .
I ’m sure my colleagues heard us from the nearby suites and questioned my therapeutic methods , but I did n’t care .
“ Does n’t that feel great , Dr. Rob ? ”
It did .
When the echo from the screaming had died down , the session was over , and it was time for Jim to go on his way as a happier man .
And I did feel proud of the work we had done .
I keep the magnet on my refrigerator as a reminder of how great it was to work with Jim .
And to remember to be proud microsoft office powerpoint 2007 kostenlosen .
( Visited 3,844 times , 1 visits today )
click to enlarge
I ’ve been spending some time cleaning out my studio , and when I found these 70’s vintage Popy toy catalogs , I felt the need to scan - and - share .
Aside from the obvious and gratuitous display of voluptuous toy pr0n , I ’m digging the photography and graphic design , which , like pretty much everything from Japan , goes that extra mile to make even the most simple piece of promo / commercial ephemera look irresistible .
Just look at that type treatment !
Probably hand - drawn , too .
The JM ( standing for “ Jumbo Machinder ” ) shield / stamp on the back is wonderful too .
click to enlarge
Look at that photo !
What red - blooded little kid could possibly resist its siren song ?
Not me – I have collected a lot of the stuff depicted on this page .
click to enlarge
This catalog was included with a boxed Jumbo Machinder accessory fist attachment .
Jumbo Machinders were two - foot - tall renditions of anime giant robots , made from the same blow - molded plastic used to make shampoo bottles .
Due to the storage constraints of the typical Japanese family home , very few of them survived the seventies , and all but a few ended up as gomi .
Here in America , Mattel brought over a few hardy examples and sold them as Shogun Warriors .
click to enlarge
Accessory fists !
click to enlarge
I guess those little red missiles and spring - loaded fists were n’t enough of an injury - to - the - eye liability magnet for Popy , so they brought out a whole line of accessories to complete the job .
I have yet to find a complementary kid-sized eyepatch with a Popy logo , but I ’m sure I ’ll turn one up eventually .
click to enlarge
Clearly ZZ - 6 is the money melon of the accessory fist series .
It is a giant fist , made from a boulder , that SHOOTS MISSILES .
I can think of no better example of the uniquely Japanese concept of AWESOME AND DESTROY .
click to enlarge
And then there ’s ZZ - 8 , the Fortress Of Fists .
For when you need a Guns Of Navarone - styled rocky emplacement to proudly display all this lethal weaponry .
click to enlarge
Each of the accessories came with a proof - of - purchase coupon , and when you had a complete set , you could send away to Popy for this little beauty , a suitcase / robot garage for your jumbo .
click to enlarge
This is another , smaller catalog from another box , with a nice selection of jumbos and diecast chogokin .
click to enlarge
The guys on the right are Jumbo Machinder villains , all from Mazinger Z .
These are some of the rarest items in the jumbo pantheon .
The guy in the middle of the bottom row , named Garada K - 7 ?
Only three are known to exist .
The last time one was on the market , it sold for five figures .
I step off the treadmill , retrieve the cleaning supplies and wipe it down .
I gather up my water , iPhone and bag and start walking back to my car .
I ’m en route to pick up my kids and as I approach our Hyundai , the sun is shining on my back , warming my soul and infusing me with lightness .
I ca n’t help but take stock of my post - workout state of being .
I breathe with such ease that when I think of Eva , I feel like a criminal .
The expansion and contraction of my lungs is fulfilling and complete .
I feel just that much more alive than I did before I ran 5 km .
I turn to face the sun in worship and I offer up simple gratitude for this organ that is so vibrantly healthy .
Eva Markvoort and I had some things in common .
Albeit in different years , we both started the theatre program at the University of Victoria ( UVic ) .
And we both had our education and dreams interrupted by serious health issues .
I left the Phoenix Theatre in 1991 to have brain surgery .
Though I initially returned to the theatre after my surgery , it no longer felt right and I started looking around for something else that did fit .
Eva was often not cast in parts she auditioned for , not because she did n’t have talent , but because her precarious health could threaten a performance .
I gave up and took a different course .
Eva persevered .
Eva had cystic fibrosis .
When she was forced to leave the theatre program because of declining health , she was two courses short of her degree .
While she received a double lung transplant in 2007 , her body was in a state of constant rejection .
Her sister , also a UVic student , went to bat for her and , on February 24 , the University of Victoria granted Eva a Fine Arts degree in a record 28 hours .
Eva died on March 27 , 2010 , but not before she reached thousands of people — some living with CF and some not — via her blog .
Earlier this year , she was presented with the prestigious Cystic Fibrosis Foundation Summerhayes Award for her advocacy around CF and organ donation .
And she was the heroine of the internationally renowned medical documentary 65 _ RedRoses , which in early April was up for the Banff World Television Award .
Eva ’s Celebration of Love — Live Steam , Friday April 30 at 4 pm PST
On Friday , April 30 , 2010 at 4 pm Pacific Standard Time , Eva ’s Celebration of Love will be streamed from the 1,260 - seat Massey Theatre in New Westminster , BC .
Please visit Eva ’s blog for the live stream and to learn more about this remarkable young woman .
Photo Credits
“ Eva Markvoort , Celebration of Love Program ” courtesy of 65redroses.livejournal.com
Eva in public service ad for cystic fibrosis and organ donation , from 65 _RedRoses .
Recent Christine Shaw Roome Articles :
Duncan Keith posted career bests in 2009 - 10 with 14 goals and 55 assists .
Chicago Blackhawks defenseman Duncan Keith has been named as a finalist for the James Norris Trophy , given annually to the National Hockey League defenseman who demonstrates throughout the season the greatest all - round ability in the position , the league announced today .
Keith is one of three finalists for the award , along with Drew Doughty of the Los Angeles Kings and Mike Green of the Washington Capitals .
Keith , 26 , ranked second among NHL blueliners with a career - high 69 points , posting career - bests in goals ( 14 ) and assists ( 55 ) in 82 regular - season games during the 2009 - 10 campaign for the Blackhawks .
He led all defensemen in goals ( 10 ) , assists ( 38 ) , and points ( 48 ) recorded at even - strength , and ranked second among all players with an average of 26:35 of ice time per game .
The Penticton , B.C. native ( born in Winnipeg , Manitoba ) won a gold medal in February with Team Canada at the 2010 Winter Olympic Games in Vancouver .
He has registered 45 goals and 152 assists in 404 regular - season contests over the course of his NHL career , and six assists in 21 career Stanley Cup Playoff games , leading the Blackhawks to the 2009 Western Conference Finals in his postseason debut last year .
Keith has paced the club in ice time in each of his five seasons in the league , and his +84 plus / minus rating since the start of the 2007 - 08 campaign is the third - best total in the NHL .
Chicago ’s second selection , 54th overall , in the 2002 NHL Entry Draft , Keith is attempting to capture the seventh Norris Trophy in franchise history , joining Pierre Pilote ( 1963 , ’ 64 , ’65 ) , Doug Wilson ( 1982 ) , and Chris Chelios ( 1993 , ’ 96 ) as the only Blackhawks to win the award .
The winner will be announced Wednesday , June 23 , during the2010 NHL Awardsthat will be broadcast live from the Pearl Concert Theater inside the Palms Hotel Las Vegas on VERSUS in the United States and on CBC in Canada .
The Boston regional FIRST Robotics competition will send five teams to the championship in April
Cheering crowds packed into Boston University 's Agganis Arena over the weekend not for a rock concert or sporting event , but for a robotics competition .
More than 50 teams from across the Northeast U.S. and three other countries brought homemade robots to compete in the Boston regional FIRST robotics competition .
To watch a video report from the event , click here .
" We have an event here that really takes the excitement of an athletic competition , energy of a rock concert , and combines it with science and technology using robots , " said Marc Hodosh , chairman of the Boston FIRST regional and also president of TEDMED .
FIRST , which stands for For Inspiration and Recognition of Science and Technology , was founded by Segway inventor Dean Kamen in 1989 .
In this year 's competition , the robots played a game of soccer and earned points for scoring goals .
The field measured 27 feet by 54 feet and contained several soccer balls , goals and various obstacles and obstructions .
Six teams competed in every round , three on the red alliance and three on the blue alliance .
The alliances work together to score points .
The first 15 seconds of every round was autonomous , meaning that the robots functioned on their own without human control .
During the next two minutes , students controlled the robots and tried to score goals .
In the final seconds of each round , the robots attempted to hang above the field .
Each ball scored got one point , each robot hanging above the field at the end of the round earned two points , and if a robot was hanging from another robot , the alliance was awarded three points .
In January , the students received a kit of parts and used them to build their own unique robots .
" And these kids have six weeks to build these really sophisticated , large , 100 - pound robots , " said Hodosh .
The students soldered and pieced together the hardware , but also programmed the software , which was especially important for the 15 - second autonomous section of each match .
Once the students took control of the robots , they used joysticks and laptops to direct the ' bots .
The students also needed to position the robots and control their kicking mechanisms .
" We all get really involved in building the robot , " said Blake Bourque with Team Infinite Loop from Oakland , Maine .
Having been on the team for four years , he said he enjoys helping the younger students understand " that this system works with this system and all that fun stuff . "
Hodosh said one of the goals of FIRST is to naturally interest students in science and technology so that the U.S. can stay competitive with the rest of the world .
" We need engineers , we need scientists much more so than we may need extra athletes and extra entertainers . "
And if the Boston competition was any indication , that goal has been met .
Before entering the program , student Woodrow Shattuck from Berlin , Connecticut 's Team Techno - Nuts said that he had no intention of pursuing an engineering career , but now he said , " I 'm pretty sure I 'm going to some sort of engineering college . "
The high school teams are typically advised by a teacher , but also have help from full - time engineers from major companies , many of which sponsor teams .
The atmosphere of the competition was very lively , with pop music playing throughout the arena accented by cheers and screams when the robots scored .
The teams even had mascots , one in a human - sized eagle costume , roaming the floor .
The team on which Shattuck played , the Techno - Nuts , wore large , plush bolts on their heads .
" I love it because I 'm a nerd and I really get a kick out of this engineering stuff , " said Blair Lichtenstein of Team Robo - Rebels from Walpole , Massachusetts .
" It teaches you a lot of stuff you do n't learn in school . "
Five teams from the Boston regional will advance to the FIRST Championship in Atlanta from April 15 - 17 .
After yesterday ’s Pinhole Bonanza , I am proud to serve you the Battlefield Pinhole Camera DIY tutorial .
The battlefield is a revolutionary pinhole camera that simultaneously uses 3 rolls of 35 mm film to capture an image split across all three rolls .
Look at the image on the left for a clue on the name origin :)
This tut has lots of details and is somewhat technical , so we will jump between images , videos and text , using the best method ( or methods ) to illustrate each step .
Try and keep up .
This tutorial is brought to you by the nothing - is - impossible photographer Steven Monteau .
Check his other photographic inventions on his Flickr stream and his bi-lingual blog .
Just before diving into this huge tut , if want to learn more about pinhole cameras , I recommend reading the following books :
The Pinhole Camera : A Practical How - To Book for Making Pinhole Cameras and Images and
Pinhole Photography : From Historic Technique to Digital Application
The Concept
A pinhole camera , taking 4×5 ″ pictures ( ˜10x13 cm ) on 3 different 35 mm roll films !
Components
This is a breakdown of all the different elements that build the Battlefield .
You can use this list as a companion to the actual instruction .
It will help you understand what are the different functionalities that each part provides .
It also opens a small window into the head of Steven .
The Main Body
The main Battlefield body which looks like , em … a naval destroyer is the enclosure that holds all the pieces together , as with any camera the body has to answer several functions :
Firstly , it needs to have a place for the film cassette , then it needs a photographic chamber and lastly it needs to house the winding spool or spools .
Here is an exploded diagram of the camera
A Mechanism To Handle Roll Films
“ Traditional ” pinholes this size usually carry photo - paper or sheet - film as what we computer age babies call sensor .
The Battlefield , however , uses three rolls of film so it needs to have a winding spool and knob , a rewind lever lock mechanism and button and three ( yes THREE ) different rewind spools and knobs .
The Pinhole Itself
The pinhole is the hole that lets the light through .
It is a very small hole drilled in aluminum foil .
If you do n’t know what a pinhole is , check this article or read this great book : The Pinhole Camera : A Practical How - To Book for Making Pinhole Cameras and Images .
A Shutter
As the exposure times are slow , the shutter can be a simple scotch tape .
But it ’s way cooler to make a nice sliding shutter .
So indeed a sliding shutter it is .
Lids
The lids are what ’s keeping the entire Battlefield light - tight .
The first back lid is an internal cover which is meant to avoid light leaks .
It is also pressing on the film to keep it flat .
The second back lid is a big cover , made for closing the camera securely .
Tripod Mount
A nut ( screw thread : 1/4 ″ 20 tpi unc )
Building Materials
The main body is build from a cardboard calendar .
It is pretty thick , if you do n’t have a old calendar for that end , you can use heavy construction paper or foam board .
Black is optimal for that .
The thin stuff like the mechanisms is built from plastic calling cards .
Credit cards will work too .
The wind & rewind spools are made from felt - tip pens .
And the knobs are made from marker - pen caps and bottle caps .
You ’ll also need some film – at least three rolls .
Tools
To cut , to drill , to mistreat materials you will need scissors , cutter ( no saw ) and an xacto knife .
To fit the stuff together , use super glue to group the cardboard pieces and use Epoxy Glue ( like araldite ) to fix materials subject to constraints ( especially the tripod mount & the knobs )
You ’ll also need sandpaper , pins , nails , tracing paper , and some small odds and ends you ’ll probably find in the office supply drawer .
Let ’s Start The Construction
Step 1 – Cutting The Main Body
And preparing the film cassette slot
Step 2 – Delineating The Photographic Chamber Boundaries
And preparing the winding spool
Step 3 – Creating an Anti-Rewind Mechanism
A Mechanism for preventing the film from loosing tension .
If it ’s a bit difficult to understand why it ’s useful and how it works now , jump to the end of the post to see how it works and come back here .
Step 4 – Creating Rewind Knobs For Each Film Roll
Step 5 - Drilling The Actual Pinhole
I ’m using aluminum foil and a needle to do this , as this is the fastest way I found .
Actually ,
Te pinhole can be drilled randomly , it will work anyway , but it should have the perfect size for its focal length ( distance between pinhole and film ) in order to get sharp results , check this pinhole size calculator to get the exact hole size you need
BUT !
It ’s impossible to pierce so precisely , so you will have to pierce numerous holes randomly , and check which ones have the right size , by scanning them at the max .
res .
See the images below for example .
If you get curious during the process , well , you can preview the result .
Just put some tracing paper in place of the film like in the image below .
Use a box ( or your hand ) to darken the back , and voilà ! :
Step 6 – Making a Cool Sliding Shutter
Actually , this is kinda useless for this kind of pinhole , but it is so cool , that I will show you what I ’ve done anyway ^^ :
I ’m sure you do n’t need any advice to make a much simpler version .
( hint – gaffer ’s tape )
Step 7 – Making The Back Lid
Depending on the design of your pinhole making a back lid can be very simple , however , mine is complicated .
If my camera body was rectangular , I would just have to make a slightly bigger box to close the whole thing , but , nooooooo , I had to make a battleship .
( Camera open left , camera closed right )
Step 8 – Finishing & Painting
Apply a first coat of Primer , it helps smoothing out the surfaces , it also helps to avoid light leaks .
As far as painting goes , the only useful / functional paint is the matte black into the photographic chamber , it removes reflections and “ eats any lights that accidentally goes into the chamber .
The rest is for fun
You can now see the tripod mount ( a glued nut ^^ ) on the first pic
Using The Battlefield
Advance the films / shoot / advance the films / shoot / adv … …
Then , when the films end , allow the rewinding by pushing the rewind lever lock button
Test Shots
The American Civil Liberties Union and the ACLU of Mississippi represent Constance McMillen in her lawsuit against the Itawamba County School District charging that the school violated McMillen ’s constitutional rights by barring her from attending her high school prom with her girlfriend .
Following an initial demand letter from the ACLU calling for the school district to reverse its decision , the school canceled the prom , prompting the lawsuit .
The ACLU of Mississippi serves as the fiscal sponsor of the Mississippi Safe Schools Coalition ( MSSC ) , which is organizing an alternative prom .
MSSC is a coalition of Mississippi youth dedicated to ending homophobia , transphobia , sexism and all forms of discrimination , and fostering acceptance of students regardless of their actual or perceived sexual orientation or gender identity through public education and advocacy .
As fiscal sponsor , the ACLU of Mississippi is processing online donations for MSSC for the Second Chance prom and for MSSC ’s ongoing work .
The ACLU of Mississippi sometimes receives donation offers that are associated with sponsorship requests .
In those cases , the ACLU of Mississippi passes along the offers to the advisory board of MSSC which makes the final decision about whether or not to accept those donations and sponsorship offers .
A staff person at the ACLU of Mississippi made an error in judgment in sending an e-mail to the American Humanist Association expressing concerns about accepting its donation and sponsorship offer .
To our understanding , MSSC has not made a decision regarding the acceptance of this funding and sponsorship offer .
The decision is up to MSSC .
The American Humanist Association has been made aware of the error , and the ACLU of Mississippi has expressed its apologies to the association for that error and the sentiments expressed in the e-mail .
The sentiments expressed by the ACLU of Mississippi staff person in the referenced e-mail do not reflect the views of the ACLU of Mississippi or the National ACLU in any way .
The ACLU remains a stalwart defender of freedom of belief and expression for all .
The following is the apology written by ACLU of Mississippi Executive Director Nsombi Lambright to Roy Speckhardt , Executive Director of the American Humanist Association and sent to Mr. Speckhardt on March 31 , 2010 at 5:24 pm :
Dear Roy ,
On behalf of the ACLU of Mississippi , I would like to offer our sincere apologies for the inappropriate e-mail you received from a member of our staff regarding your generous offer to sponsor and donate to a prom for Constance McMillen .
As I believe you ’ve heard from the Mississippi Safe Schools Coalition , MSSC makes the final decision about which sponsorship related offers to accept .
It was an error for our staff member to insinuate to you that our organization had that decision - making power .
Furthermore , please understand that the sentiments expressed in the e-mail you received from our staff member do not reflect the views of our organization in any way .
The ACLU of Mississippi is a stalwart defender of freedom of belief and expression for all , and we are appreciative of your commitment to protecting those principles , as well .
Nsombi Lambright
Executive Director , ACLU of Mississippi
What is F.B. Purity ?
Watch a video overview of F.B. Purity by GetConnected TV | Screenshots
F.B. ( Fluff Busting ) Purity is a Facebook customizing browser extension .
It alters your view of Facebook to show only relevant information to you .
It lets you remove the annoying and irrelevant posts from your newsfeed such as game and application spam , ads and sponsored posts .
It can also hide the boxes you do n't want to see on each side of the newsfeed .
Last Updated : 1st Jul 2020 ( v30.6.10 ) Release Notes
>> Download & Install F.B. Purity <<
Is F.B. Purity Safe ?
Absolutely !
F.B. Purity has been around since 2009 , its one of the top 150 highest user rated Firefox extensions ( out of a total of over 11,000 extensions ) has over 475,000 happy users and has also received glowing reviews from big media companies including The Washington Post , CNET and PCWorld .
If you need further proof FBP is completely safe , see the test result gallery .
F.B. Purity - Further Information
Read
What does FB Purity do ?
| User Guide | Hide People You May Know |
How to get the old Facebook design back | How to Disable Autoplay Videos | Customize Facebook 's Reaction Images | FBP FAQ / Help Page
Support F.B. Purity
If you like F.B Purity , please make a donation to show your appreciation for all the work i have put into developing this and keeping it running .
You can also help by spreading the word , and telling all your friends about F.B. Purity too .
N.B " Facebook " is a registered trademark of Facebook Inc .
This site and the F.B. Purity extension / script are neither endorsed by , nor affiliated with Facebook .
Last week when Scott Roeder , the murderer of Wichita Kansas abortion clinic provider Dr. George Tiller , had his day in court , he spent much of his rambling self - defense quoting the words of another abortion clinic assassin , Reverend Paul Hill .
In the 1990s my own research had brought me into conversation with others in the inner circle in which Hill and Roeder were at that time involved .
So it was a chilling experience for me to realize that this awful mood of American Christian terrorism — culminating in the catastrophic attack on the Oklahoma City Federal Builiding — has now returned .
Christian terrorism has returned to America with a vengeance .
And it is not just Roeder .
Last week , when members of the Hutaree militia in Michigan and Ohio recently were arrested with plans to kill a random policeman and then plant Improvised Explosive Devices in the area where the funeral would be held to kill hundreds more , this was a terrorist plot of the sort that would impress Shi’ite militia and al Qaeda activists in Iraq .
The Southern Poverty Law Center , founded by Morris Dees , which has closely watched the rise of right - wing extremism in this country for many decades , declares that threats and incidents of right - wing violence have risen 200 % in this past year — unfortunately coinciding with the tenure of the first African - American president in US history .
When Chip Berlet , one of this country ’s best monitors of right - wing extremism , warned in a perceptive essay last week on RD that the hostile right - wing political climate in this country has created the groundwork for a demonic new form of violence and terrorism , I fear that he is correct .
Christian Warrior , Sacred Battle
Though these new forms of violence are undoubtedly political and probably racist , they also have a religious dimension .
And this brings me back to what I know about Rev. Paul Hill , the assassin who the similarly misguided assassin , Scott Roeder , quoted at length in that Wichita court room last week .
In 1994 , Hill , a Presbyterian pastor at the extreme fringe of the anti-abortion activist movement , came armed to a clinic in Pensacola , Florida .
He aimed at Dr. John Britton , who was entering the clinic along with his bodyguard , James Barrett .
The shots killed both men and wounded Barrett ’s wife , Joan .
Hill immediately put down his weapon and was arrested ; presenting an image of someone who knew that he would be arrested , convicted , and executed by the State of Florida for his actions , which he was in 2003 .
This would make Hill something of a Christian suicide attacker .
What is interesting about Hill and his supporters is not just his political views , but also his religious ones .
As I reported in my book , Terror in the Mind of God , and in an essay for RD several months ago , Hill framed his actions as those of a Christian warrior engaged in sacred battle .
“ My eyes were opened to the enormous impact ” such an event would have , he wrote , adding that “ the effect would be incalculable . ”
Hill said that he opened his Bible and found sustenance in Psalms 91 : “ You will not be afraid of the terror by night , or of the arrow that flies by day . ”
Hill interpreted this as an affirmation that his act was biblically approved .
One of the supporters that Paul Hill had written these words to was Rev. Michael Bray , a Lutheran pastor in Bowie , Maryland , who had served prison time for his conviction of fire - bombing abortion - related clinics on the Eastern seaboard .
Bray published a newsletter and then a Web site for his Christian anti-abortion movement , and published a book theologically justifying violence against abortion service providers , A Time to Kill .
He is also alleged to be the author of the Army of God manual that provides details on how to conduct terrorist acts against abortion - related clinics .
Recently Bray has publicly defended Paul Roeder , the Wichita assassin , saying that he acted with “ righteousness and mercy . ”
Several years earlier , another member of Bray ’s network of associates , Rachelle ( “ Shelly ” )
Shannon , a housewife from rural Oregon , had also attacked Dr. George Tiller as he drove away from his clinic in Wichita .
She was arrested for attempted murder .
When I interviewed Bray on several occasions in the 1990s , he provided a theological defense of this kind of violence from two different Christian perspectives .
In the remainder of this essay , I ’ll summarize from Terror in the Mind of God some of my observations about these theological strands behind their terrorism in the 1990s — and which , amazingly , are surfacing again today .
Theological Illogic
The more traditional Christian justification that Bray used for his violence was just - war theory .
He was fond of quoting two of my own heroes , Dietrich Bonhoeffer and Reinhold Niebuhr , in what I regard as perverse ways .
Bray thought that their justification of military action against the Nazis ( and an attempted assassination plot on Hitler ’s life Bonhoeffer was involved in ) was an appropriate parallel to his terrorism against the US government ’s sanctioning of legal abortions .
It seemed highly unlikely to me that Bray ’s positions would have been accepted by these or any other theologian within mainstream Protestant thought .
Bonhoeffer and Niebuhr , like most modern theologians , supported the principle of the separation of church and state , and were wary of what Niebuhr called “ moralism ” — the intrusion of religious or other ideological values into the political calculations of statecraft .
Moreover , Bray did not rely on mainstream theologians for his most earnest theological justification .
The more significant Christian position that Bray and Hill advanced is related to the End - Time theology of the Rapture as thought to be envisaged by the New Testament book of Revelation .
These are ideas related , in turn , to Dominion Theology , the position that Christianity must reassert the dominion of God over all things , including secular politics and society .
This point of view , articulated by such right - wing Protestant spokespersons as Rev. Jerry Falwell and Pat Robertson , have been part of the ideology of the Christian Right since at least the 1980s and 1990s .
At its hardest edge , the movement requires the creation of a kind of Christian politics to set the stage for America ’s acceptance of the second coming of Christ .
In this context , it is significant today that in some parts of the United States , over one - third of the opponents of the policies of President Barack Obama believe he is the Antichrist as characterized in the End - Times Rapture scenario .
The Christian anti-abortion movement is permeated with ideas from Dominion Theology .
Randall Terry ( founder of the militant anti-abortion organization Operation Rescue and a writer for the Dominion magazine Crosswinds ) signed the magazine ’s “ Manifesto for the Christian Church , ” which asserted that America should “ function as a Christian nation . ”
The Manifesto said that America should therefore oppose “ social moral evils ” of secular society such as “ abortion on demand , fornication , homosexuality , sexual entertainment , state usurpation of parental rights and God - given liberties , statist - collectivist theft from citizens through devaluation of their money and redistribution of their wealth , and evolutionism taught as a monopoly viewpoint in the public schools . ”
At the extreme right wing of Dominion Theology is a relatively obscure theological movement that Mike Bray found particularly appealing : Reconstruction Theology , whose exponents long to create a Christian theocratic state .
Bray had studied their writings extensively and possessed a shelf of books written by Reconstruction authors .
The convicted anti-abortion killer Paul Hill cited Reconstruction theologians in his own writings and once studied with a founder of the movement , Greg Bahnsen , at Reformed Theological Seminary in Jackson , Mississippi .
Leaders of the Reconstruction movement trace their ideas , which they sometimes called “ theonomy , ” to Cornelius Van Til , a twentieth - century Presbyterian professor of theology at Princeton Seminary who took seriously the sixteenth - century ideas of the Reformation theologian John Calvin regarding the necessity for presupposing the authority of God in all worldly matters .
Followers of Van Til ( including his former students Bahnsen and Rousas John Rushdoony , and Rushdoony ’s son - in - law , Gary North ) adopted this “ presuppositionalism ” as a doctrine , with all its implications for the role of religion in political life .
Recapturing Institutions for Jesus
Reconstruction writers regard the history of Protestant politics since the early years of the Reformation as having taken a bad turn , and they are especially unhappy with the Enlightenment formulation of church - state separation .
They feel it necessary to “ reconstruct ” Christian society by turning to the Bible as the basis for a nation ’s law and social order .
To propagate these views , the Reconstructionists established the Institute for Christian Economics in Tyler , Texas , and the Chalcedon Foundation in Vallecito , California .
They have published a journal and a steady stream of books and booklets on the theological justification for interjecting Christian ideas into economic , legal , and political life .
According to the most prolific Reconstruction writer , Gary North , it is “ the moral obligation of Christians to recapture every institution for Jesus Christ . ”
He feels this to be especially so in the United States , where secular law as construed by the Supreme Court and defended by liberal politicians is moving in what Rushdoony and others regard as a decidedly un-Christian direction ; particularly in matters regarding abortion and homosexuality .
What the Reconstructionists ultimately want , however , is more than the rejection of secularism .
Like other theologians who utilize the biblical concept of “ dominion , ” they reason that Christians , as the new chosen people of God , are destined to dominate the world .
The Reconstructionists possess a “ postmillennial ” view of history .
That is , they believe that Christ will return to earth only after the thousand years of religious rule that characterizes the Christian idea of the millennium , and therefore Christians have an obligation to provide the political and social conditions that will make Christ ’s return possible .
“ Premillennialists , ” on the other hand , hold the view that the thousand years of Christendom will come only after Christ returns , an event that will occur in a cataclysmic moment of world history .
Therefore they tend to be much less active politically .
Rev. Paul Hill , Rev. Michael Bray , and other Reconstructionists — along with Dominion theologians such as the American politician and television host Pat Robertson and many other right - wing Christian activists today — are postmillenialists .
Hence they believe that a Christian kingdom must be established on Earth before Christ ’s return .
They take seriously the idea of a Christian society and a form of religious politics that will make biblical code the law of the United States .
These activists are quite serious about bringing Christian politics into power .
Bray said that it is possible , under the right conditions , for a Christian revolution to sweep across the United States and bring in its wake Constitutional changes that would allow for biblical law to be the basis of social legislation .
Failing that , Bray envisaged a new federalism that would allow individual states to experiment with religious politics on their own .
When I asked Bray what state might be ready for such an experiment , he hesitated and then suggested Louisiana and Mississippi , or , he added , “ maybe one of the Dakotas . ”
Not all Reconstruction thinkers have endorsed the use of violence , especially the kind that Bray and Hill have justified .
As Reconstruction author Gary North admitted , “ there is a division in the theonomic camp ” over violence , especially with regard to anti-abortion activities .
Some months before Paul Hill killed Dr. Britton and his escort , Hill ( apparently hoping for Gary North ’s approval in advance ) sent a letter to North along with a draft of an essay he had written justifying the possibility of such killings in part on theonomic grounds .
North ultimately responded , but only after the murders had been committed .
North regretted that he was too late to deter
Hill from his “ terrible direction ” and chastised Hill in an open letter , published as a booklet , denouncing Hill ’s views as “ vigilante theology . ”
According to North , biblical law provides exceptions to the commandment “ Thou shalt not kill ” ( Ex 20:13 ) , but in terms similar to just - war doctrine : when one is authorized to do so by “ a covenantal agent ” in wartime , to defend one ’s household , to execute a convicted criminal , to avenge the death of one ’s kin , to save an entire nation , or to stop moral transgressors from bringing bloodguilt on an entire community .
Hill , joined by Bray , responded to North ’s letter .
They argued that many of those conditions applied to the abortion situation in the United States .
Writing from his prison cell in Starke , Florida , Paul Hill said that the biblical commandment against murder also “ requires using the means necessary to defend against murder — including lethal force . ”
He went on to say that he regarded “ the cutting edge of Satan ’s current attack ” to be “ the abortionist ’s knife , ” and therefore his actions had ultimate theological significance .
Bray , in his book , A Time to Kill , spoke to North ’s concern about the authorization of violence by a legitimate authority or “ a covenental agent , ” as North put it .
Bray raised the possibility of a “ righteous rebellion . ”
Just as liberation theologians justify the use of unauthorized force for the sake of their vision of a moral order , Bray saw the legitimacy of using violence not only to resist what he regarded as murder — abortion — but also to help bring about the Christian political order envisioned by the radical dominion theology thinkers .
In Bray ’s mind , a little violence was a small price to pay for the possibility of fulfilling God ’s law and establishing His kingdom on earth .
For most of the rest of us , even a little violence is a price too high to pay for these fantastic visions of Christian politics and for America ’s recent return to Christian terrorism .
WASHINGTON ( AP )  Major League Soccer's D.C. United will host Italy 's AC Milan in an exhibition match May 26 at RFK Stadium .
It will be the clubs ' first match against each other .
D.C. United president Kevin Payne said Monday the game will be " a great test for our players . "
He also said D.C. United could add games against " two other major European clubs . "
Because the game is less than three weeks before the World Cup , AC Milan wo n't have any of its stars who will be with national teams .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Conservation Book Repair :
A training manual
Written by Artemis BonaDea
Illustrated by Alexandria Prentiss
Published by Alaska State Library , Alaska Department of Education
1995
Many conservation book repair programs in Alaska owe much to the author of this work .
Artemis BonaDea has spearheaded the education of Alaska library personnel in these techniques since 1988 .
Beginning with brief presentations and one - on - one training in the 198Os , she has presented workshops in several Alaska locations since 1990 .
In 1990 , the Continuing Education Committee of the Alaska Library Association ( AkLA ) and the Library Coordinators of the Alaska State Library identified training in book repair and conservation as a high priority .
In response , AkLA applied for and received an Interlibrary Cooperation Grant to offer three conservation - style repair workshops across the state .
When added to previous presentations , at least one or two sections of this publication were presented in Palmer , Homer , Sitka , Juneau , Fairbanks , and Anchorage .
In varying the length of presentation and location during the workshops , we determined what worked best in training and what hand - outs proved most useful .
We also discovered that , while the hands - on workshops were very helpful , the trainees inevitably had questions when they returned to their libraries to face repair problems on their own .
In addition , not all portions of the state could be offered these workshops , although we still believe that hands - on training works best for this subject .
We considered a video tape as an alternative , but soon settled on a medium which would be universally accessible to all small libraries in the state : the written word with numerous illustrations .
As the workshops came to an end , this book began to take shape .
Artemis had developed handouts for the presentations and in response to telephone requests .
Subsequently , several individuals volunteered to follow the methods of conservation book repair found in this volume and offer suggestions in the attempt to make the language and illustrations as clear as possible .
The explanations found in the publication have been field - tested in workshops as well as by individuals who have not been able to attend the workshops .
The Alaska State Library and the Alaska Library Association collaborated in producing this publication , but primary credit must go to Artemis BonaDea who has worked very hard to make this a successful publication .
Artemis received training at the University of Washington , the University of Iowa , and Johns Hopkins University .
Her work on this volume is artful , accessible , knowledgeable , and exacting : the same as her repairs .
We are delighted to present this book to Alaska libraries and hope that it proves to be helpful .
We will appreciate any comments and suggestions .
Kathryn H. Shelton , Librarian III Alaska Historical Collections
Alaska State Library Alaska Department of Education
Juneau , Alaska August 1995
Who knew that underneath the synthpop sound of MGMT ’s “ Kids ” was a toe - tapping acoustic hoedown of a song just dying to get out ?
Apparently , The Ooks Of Hazard knew .
The nine piece band which includes seven ( yes , seven ! ) ukuleles , an accordion , and a cajón recorded themselves performing a version of “ Kids ” far better than MGMT performed at Coachella this past weekend ( which is to say , not at all ) .
Watch The Ooks after the jump and like us , we promise you ’ll agree with the YouTube commenter who said , “ im in﻿ love .
who are you guys and why ca n’t i find anything - other videos , info , anything !- on the internet ? ” .
What songs would you like to see The Ooks Of Hazard cover next ?
Comment below !
In a park near Little Havana in Miami yesterday , a politician with a boyish grin named Marco Rubio , whose parents arrived from Cuba five decades ago , jabbed his pen at a sheet of paper to whoops from the small crowd .
The gesture was small , and apparently unassuming , but its consequences could be great .
And for another politician – one not present in that park – the stroke of Rubio 's pen might as well have been a hammer driving nails into his palms .
That politician is Charlie Crist , the Governor of Florida , who until a year ago was one of the most popular and beloved figures in the Republican Party .
A moderate , he was seen by many as a possible vice - presidential candidate in 2008 .
Since then , he has been strung up in a political crucifixion about as swift and cruel as any you are likely to see in America .
Rubio , a former Speaker of the Florida legislature , is the man responsible , though Crist has performed a little self - flagellation of late .
The rally in the park , attended by members of Rubio 's family and 100 - odd supporters , was the moment the 38 - year - old Cuban - American , hailed by some on the right as their answer to Barack Obama , signed the papers qualifying him to take on Crist in the primary elections to determine who will compete for the Republicans for an open seat in the US Senate .
That someone as tender , and ideologically far , from the party mainstream could end up being a threat to Crist 's ambitions to transition from the governorship to become one of Florida 's two US senators would have been unthinkable until not long ago .
Rubio , for example , is the man who at a recent conservative gathering in Washington declared his love for Guantanamo and his support for a form of torture known as water - boarding .
But he is much more than a threat now .
With demigod status in the ranks of the Tea Party protest movement , Rubio would almost certainly crush Crist when Florida Republicans vote for their nominee in August .
A recent Rasmussen poll saw Crist with 28 per cent support versus 57 per cent for the former Speaker .
Not accustomed to being political toast , Crist faces a stark choice .
The GOP 's rules say he must decide this week whether to drop out altogether , stick with it , or seize at the only other realistic option open to him : cut loose from the party he has served all his political life and run for the Senate as an independent .
The Governor told members of his cabinet yesterday to expect a public decision tomorrow .
This is much more than a local squall .
Political dramas in Florida always bring national reverberations because of the pivotal part the state plays in every presidential contest .
Now the state has set itself up as the ground zero for what may be the most important political upheaval seen in America in a generation : the resurgence of right - wing , conservative zealots whose creed is small government , low taxation and zero bi-partisan cooperation .
It is a phenomenon that has been manifested , in part , by the so - called Tea Party .
Its sudden sprouting across the political landscape – a Gallup poll yesterday showed 28 per cent of Americans voicing support for it – has clearly sent a chill wind through the Democratic Party .
But it is also threatening to tear apart the Republican Party , undoing Ronald Reagan 's notion of a " Big Tent " party open to all shades of conservatism and erecting instead an edifice narrowly reserved for purists .
This is what Jim DeMint , a Republican Senator from South Carolina and vocal Rubio fan , meant when he said a few months back : " I would rather have 30 Republicans in the Senate who believe in principles of limited government , free markets , free people , than to have 60 that do n't have a set of beliefs . "
Among those Republican figureheads who have endorsed Rubio and tipped Crist into the drink are the likes of Dick Cheney and Rudy Giuliani .
Giuliani has never forgiven Crist for endorsing John McCain over him in 2008 for the presidential nomination .
Last week former Massachusetts Governor and presidential hopeful Mitt Romney also climbed aboard with Rubio , even though he himself was once the definition of a big tent Republican .
Not even McCain is standing by Crist , running for cover this week unable to find it in himself to say anything positive about his old friend .
As for the idea that the Florida Governor could run as an independent for the US Senate , McCain told a reporter : " I support Republicans . "
The Republicans , Dana Milbank of the Washington Post argued , " are in a dogmatic race to the bottom as they drop Crist for his far - right challenger " .
What has the man done to deserve so sharp a cold shoulder from old friends ?
Even the National Republican Senatorial Committee , responsible for winning as many Senate seats as possible for the party , told Crist to get out of the way .
The simple answer is not unrelated to a road - building ceremony attended by Crist this Monday .
It will be funded partly by President Obama 's $ 787bn stimulus programme .
Conservatives despise the stimulus dole - out .
To them it symbolises big-spending and deficit growth .
Not only did Crist accept the money ( in common with almost every other governor ) but when Obama came to Florida last year for a public rally in Fort Myers , Crist – for a split second – embraced him .
It was a moment they called the " hug " and it has been damaging him since .
The Crist hug has entered popular US political lore alongside the Lieberman kiss .
Joe Lieberman did , in fact , attain the heights of running for vice - president .
Yet he was effectively expelled from the Democratic Party because of a similar moment in 2005 on the floor of the US Congress – a momentary chest - bump with George W Bush .
The moment set off a bomb under Lieberman who had already earned the disdain of many Democrats for supporting the invasion of Iraq .
Lieberman responded by leaving his party and winning in Connecticut as an independent .
But even moderate Republicans have had reason of late to feel dismayed by Crist recently .
The Governor seemed to abandon his own convictions earlier this spring , for instance , when he vetoed a bill passed by the state legislature linking teachers ' pay to the achievements of students .
The law had strong support from the Republican mainstream in Florida , not least from Crist 's predecessor , Jeb Bush .
But the disdain in which he is held by riled - up conservatives is not altogether reasoned .
Crist is pro-gun , anti-gay rights and anti-abortion and has regularly paid lip service to the cause of small government .
Unconvinced hardliners point instead to Crist 's bipartisan tendencies .
" There are people , " Rubio recently averred , " who believe the way to be more successful as Republicans is to be more like Democrats .
And the people who believe we need to be more like Democrats will vote for Charlie Crist . "
Adding to the frustration of Crist and his dwindling band of allies are polls showing that , when it comes to the general election in November , he would beat the likely Democratic nominee , Congressman Kendrick Meek , just as Rubio would .
But it is another poll , by Quinnipiac University in New York , that was surely getting the Governor 's attention yesterday .
It suggested that were he to run as an independent he would beat both Rubio and Meek in what would , at that point , become a three - way race in November .
But several obstacles have come into view .
As a Republican , Crist still has access to the bank accounts of many rich supporters .
Cutting loose from the Republicans would narrow his access to the considerable sums of money needed to stage a credible campaign .
Plus he would not have the party – the senatorial committee in Washington – gunning for him with all it can provide ; money , endorsements and advertising .
Yet , there are few political observers left who do not believe that , by tomorrow night , Crist will have bolted the party of Reagan and Bush and set up shop on his own .
" The clock is making him decide now .
I just do n't see a path for him to stay in the Republican primary , " David Johnson , a Republican consultant , said .
An independent run by Crist would at least provide a litmus test of where the party , and even the country , may be headed .
When all the Tea Party noise is left outside and Florida Republicans find themselves alone in the booth , what kind of politician will they ultimately choose to serve them in Washington ?
The pragmatist or the ideologue ?
Leading Independent Politicians
Bernie Sanders
In a country where socialism is a dirty word , Bernie Sanders is the rarest of exceptions : an avowed critic of American capitalism who manages to hold on to a Senate seat with a vast majority and little complaint from either Republicans or Democrats .
Sanders represents Vermont , a state whose maverick streak is emphasised by a healthy secessionist movement .
Always an independent , he first won election to the House of Representatives in 1991 , and was elected as the state 's Senator in 2006 .
Much loved by his constituents , he initially alienated Democrats by painting them as indistinguishable from their Republican opponents – but the workoholic gradually earned their respect over his long career .
" I 'm not afraid of being called a troublemaker , " Sanders once said .
" But you have to be smart .
And being smart means not creating needless enemies for yourself . "
Joe Lieberman
In 2004 , Joe Lieberman was the Democratic candidate for vice - president ; now he is an independent senator , loathed by many in his former party , and refuses to rule out running as a Republican in the next election .
Lieberman , who represents Connecticut , first split from the party when he was defeated in the primary by an anti-war candidate who took advantage of anger at his support for the invasion of Iraq – but ran anyway as an independent in the general election , and won .
Since then he has infuriated his former party by supporting John McCain in the 2008 presidential election , and delaying and diluting healthcare reform proposals .
Those moves have dismayed his former supporters in Connecticut , too , and he may face a tough challenge to retain his seat when it comes up for re-election in 2012 .
Michael Bloomberg
A lifelong Democrat , Bloomberg , the 8th richest man in America , changed his affiliation to the Republican Party so he could run on their ticket for mayor of New York .
He duly won , but in 2007 dropped his party affiliation to become an independent , saying that the change had brought his official position " into alignment with how I have led and will continue to lead our city " .
While the move made little difference to his status in New York – where his huge wealth means that he has never needed to kowtow to the party political interests that affect most politicians – it did increase speculation that he was planning a run as an independent presidential candidate in 2008 .
After a lengthy period of indecision , he decided not to run in February that year .
Speculation continues that he could revive his presidential campaign for another shot at the office in 2012 .
Jim Jeffords
Like Sanders , Jim Jeffords was a senator from Vermont ; very much unlike Sanders , he was a Republican .
When he first entered the Senate , in 1988 , he was a loyal party member , albeit firmly on the moderate wing .
But as the party moved further right , he became alienated .
In 2001 , the Senate leadership refused to sanction funding for a bill that would place disabled children in mainstream schools , and Jeffords decided he had had enough .
Becoming an independent earned him the fury of former colleagues .
But , he wrote in his autobiography , " I had to be true to what I thought was right , and leave the consequences to sort themselves out . "
He retired in 2006 , continuing to vote with his former party on many issues but voting against the war in Iraq .
Only one Republican applauded his final speech .
En ces temps de crise , la vérité est une valeur sérieusement en baisse .
Cette bonne vieille vérité que l'on croyait venue à bout des mythologies , des chimères , des idéologies , vaut désormais moins qu'une incantation de chanteur ou un boniment d'actrice .
La France est un pays étrange , sécularisé , dans lequel la vieille morale bourgeoise a été quasi éradiquée , mais où il semble régner plus que jamais la distinction entre les observations qui ont le droit de cité et celles qui en sont bannies .
Comme dans les vieilles familles , " toutes les vérités n'y sont pas bonnes à dire " .
Ne parlons pas de la Vérité , notion définitivement absurde , mais de ces petites vérités reposant sur des faits établis , sans doute partielles , mais toujours préférables au doigt mouillé ou à la profession de foi .
Dans la France de 2010 , le Conseil supérieur de l'audiovisuel ( CSA ) sanctionne une chaîne , Canal Plus , pour avoir retransmis les propos du journaliste polémiste Eric Zemmour .
Ce dernier a prétendu dans l'émission " Salut les Terriens " : " Les Français issus de l'immigration sont plus contrôlés que les autres parce que la plupart des trafiquants sont noirs et arabes , c'est un fait . "
La deuxième partie de la phrase est aussitôt critiquée .
Aussitôt , l'employeur principal de l'impétrant le convie à un entretien préalable au licenciement .
Un avocat général célèbre , Philippe Bilger , qui le soutient sur son blog , est aussitôt convoqué par le procureur général .
Le monde médiatique s'en émeut , s'en offusque .
Au contraire , une grande partie du public s'offusque que l'on s'offusque .
Sur les blogs qui traitent de l'" affaire " , nombre d'internautes dénoncent ce qu'ils estiment être une atteinte à la liberté d'expression .
Devant l'afflux des commentaires , et parfois leurs excès , les blogs décident les uns après les autres de fermer le robinet à paroles .
Devant l'abondance du courrier des lecteurs , la convocation de Zemmour est annulée .
ÉLITE ÉCLAIRÉE FACE À UN POLÉMISTE ET UN PEUPLE VULGAIRES ?
Pour peu que l'on se renseigne sans a priori , il n'est pourtant pas absurde de penser que le propos sur " la plupart des trafiquants " est fondé .
En 2007 , journaliste au Point , j'avais tenté de révéler " ces statistiques qui dérangent " .
Après avoir compulsé des liasses de notes de synthèse de la direction centrale de la sécurité publique et de la direction centrale de la police judiciaire , j'avais estimé que 60 à 70 % des crimes et délits en France sont commis par des enfants de l'immigration africaine ou nord - africaine .
Comme la délinquance est , au moins en partie , corrélée avec la relégation sociale ou culturelle , la statistique n'épuise pas la réalité , et surtout ne justifie pas l'excès de contrôles policiers .
Mais le chiffre correspond ( de manière plus ou moins pertinente ) à un fait .
Toutes proportions gardées , un fait journalistique se reconnaît à la manière dont Karl Popper reconnaît une vérité scientifique .
C'est une proposition réfutable sur le principe , qui n'a pas encore été réfutée .
Des indices ( la perception directe , les témoignages , les documents ) permettent d'établir une vérité , qui sera récusée si d'autres indices me font changer de vérité .
La croyance , religieuse ou politique , n'est en revanche pas réfutable .
Elle est un choix , qui dépend de ma volonté plus que des indices .
Que préfère le monde médiatique ?
Il est très intéressant de constater que les faits bruts avancés par Zemmour ont plus choqué dans le Landerneau que des opinions pour le coup très contestables .
Ainsi le polémiste avait - il clamé que les entreprises avaient le " droit " de discriminer les Noirs et les Arabes .
Que par " le droit " il ait entendu que la discrimination était " légitime " ou " légale " , c'était soit scandaleux soit faux .
A l'aune des réactions , ces assertions sans fondement étaient semble - t- il moins dérangeantes qu'une réalité toute crue .
Bien entendu la vérité est multiple , lointaine , profonde , même avec une " subjectivité désintéressée " comme la prônait Hubert Beuve - Méry .
Mais avec l'occultation d'une réalité , d'un chiffre , d'un fait , même parcellaire , et l'interdiction d'en débattre , commence l'abolition de l'honn êteté et de l'idée même de vrai et de faux .
Le plus étrange , en France , c'est qu'une vérité dérange plus que bien des inepties ( ou les mensonges caractérisés qui prolifèrent impunément dans la vie politique ) .
Qui s'attache aujourd ' hui à distinguer simplement le vrai du faux ?
La vérité est sans doute une construction du réel , puisqu'elle repose sur un choix immanquablement subjectif de faits , mais elle ne souffre pas la négation du réel , ni la récusation des faits gênants .
Ce devrait être le rôle premier des journalistes , de collecter tous les indices possibles pour comprendre le monde et la société , plutôt que de s'instituer en clercs proférant un prêchi-prêcha " responsable " et " moral " .
Si les journalistes s'avisaient seulement de lever le voile sur la réalité , peut - être seraient - ils plus populaires .
Autant que la crise économique , la défaite de la vérité , et son corollaire , la crise de la liberté d'expression , exaspèrent les Français .
Sur certains sujets , le peuple ( lecteurs et électeurs ) ne supporte plus les leçons administrées par nos clercs autoproclamés .
Sur l'immigration , la délinquance , la mondialisation , l'Europe , les communautarismes , les conflits d'intérêt , etc. , les Français demandent que les médias leur disent la vérité ( c'est - à - dire des vérités qui peuvent ê tre différentes en fonction des lignes éditoriales ) , au lieu de s'évertuer à empêcher la révélation de faits bruts .
Il est absurde de s'étonner de la " dépression " française .
Sans tomber dans la psychologie de bazar , tout corps social dont l'expression est retenue , auquel le déni de réalité est imposé , finit rongé de l'intérieur .
Une fois les éléments sur la place publique , les Français sont assez intelligents pour réfléchir .
Quiconque pense le contraire doit proposer aussitôt l'établissement d'un despotisme éclairé à la place de la démocratie .
Etonnant paradoxe .
L'humoriste de France Inter Stéphane Guillon peut raconter n'importe quoi , décrire untel en nazi et telle autre en " petit pot à tabac " , il peut user d'une rhétorique déshumanisante , animalière , tracer des portraits diffamatoires sans se renseigner un instant sur la réalité de ce qu'il prétend " caricaturer " , il passe pour un parangon de la liberté d'expression .
Tout est autorisé au divertissement , même les pires insinuations .
L'air du temps spectaculaire préfère la méchanceté infondée au souci de l'exactitude .
Sur son blog , Brice Couturier , l'animateur de l'émission " Du grain à moudre " , sur France culture , écrit à raison que la gauche bobo est désormais " bimi " : bien intentionnée , mal informée .
On pourrait ajouter que la droite l'est autant .
Il n'est point besoin d'avoir lu La Fabrique du consentement , de Noam Chomsky et Edward Herman , sur " la propagande médiatique en démocratie " , pour savoir qu'en adeptes du " deux poids deux mesures " , les médias peuvent colporter des intérêts particuliers , qu'ils soient nationaux , particuliers , ou de classe , sous couvert d'une doctrine de bonnes intentions .
QUE FAIRE ?
Mettre fin , immédiatement , à la traque du " dérapage " dans nos journaux .
Vous avez remarqué ?
Pour peu que l'on s'écarte de la pensée en ligne droite , c'est le " dérapage " .
Ceux qui sortent de la route doivent recevoir une leçon , pour l'exemple .
Qu'ils votent " non " sur un traité constitutionnel européen , qu'ils soient favorables à une réflexion sur le protectionnisme , que le métissage général ne soit pas leur seul horizon politique , qu'ils dénoncent des conflits d'intérêt dans la société , ils doivent être remis dans le droit chemin .
Ou éliminés dans le bas fossé du débat .
Dommage , car comme disait Gandhi , la vérité est " dure comme le diamant et fragile comme la fleur de pêcher " .
Plutôt que de nous aiguiller tels des magistrats du bien et du mal , les journalistes devraient nous aider à comprendre simplement ce que nous sommes , dans quel monde nous vivons .
L'on se demande parfois qui , de George Orwell , l'auteur de 1984 , ou d'Aldous Huxley , celui du Meilleur des mondes , avait le mieux imaginé le monde futur .
En tout cas , dans la France de 2010 , pas besoin de Big Brother , le divertissement semble pris infiniment plus au sérieux que l'établissement laborieux des faits .
Les journalistes devraient choisir leur camp tant qu'il en est encore temps .
Les sunlights du spectacle ou la recherche dans les laboratoires du réel .
Christophe Deloire est le directeur du Centre de formation des journalistes ( CFJ )
Le Monde
What they look like in their street clothes ( totally SFW ) .
Sweet lawd they look normal .
Like , produce shopping at the supermarket , normal .
Porn Stars dressed like regular people like me and you ?
Pffff .
Ha , they all look like a bunch of middle aged housewives .
I think the first two are beautiful
Wow , they really all are really ugly .
Abzurd
moderator Male , 70 +
Canada
Joined : 15 yrs , 7 mos ago
81,494 Posts
Lighting up a cigarette in Queen St Mall could soon be banned following numerous public complaints .
Brisbane City Council will ask shoppers and traders if they support outlawing smoking in the pedestrian precinct .
Butting in ... Brisbane City Council will ask shoppers and traders if they support outlawing smoking in the Queen Street Mall .
A middle - of - the - road option could include dedicated smoking areas away from residents and shops .
The Queens St Mall advisory committee and members of the public have regularly complained to council about smoking in the mall , Lord Mayor Campbell Newman said .
Jumbotron would later be very popular among the aliens as the place to announce a marriage proposal .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Greece has formally asked for the activation of an EU - IMF financial rescue package to help pull the debt - ridden economy out of its crisis .
It had hoped that just the promise of EU support , agreed last month , would have been be enough to reassure markets and help its recovery .
But Greece 's problems have continued to hit investor confidence in the euro and other European economies .
Eurozone countries will now provide tens of billions of euros in loans .
Mr Papandreou said the aid was a ' national necessity '
On Friday evening , several thousand protesters took to the streets of Athens to demonstrate against further austerity measures .
Earlier this month , a deal was agreed under which eurozone nations would provide emergency loans of up to 30bn euros ( $ 40 bn ; £ 26 bn ) in the first year , with a further 10bn euros coming from the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
The European Commission and the IMF said they were optimistic that the exact details of a loan could be worked out quickly .
However , in Germany , where there has been public opposition to funding a bail - out , Chancellor Angela Merkel said any aid would come with " very strict conditions " , including a credible savings plan .
ANALYSIS Andrew Walker , BBC world economics editor , at IMF Headquarters in Washington Greece 's request has come as no surprise to anyone , least of all IMF managing director Dominique Strauss - Kahn .
As he pointed out himself , IMF staff have been advising Greece on managing the public finances for weeks .
Why does the rest of the euro area care so much ?
Partly it wants to avoid the general disruption to the euro area financial markets that would result if Greece failed to pay its debts .
The next candidate for trouble , if the dam bursts , is probably Portugal .
Anxiety also extends to a lesser extent to others such as Spain , Italy and Ireland .
Mr Strauss - Kahn was keen to play down the likelihood of further rescues .
" Of course , we are prepared to help countries if needed , " he said , " but we do not see a need these days to focus on any other countries but Greece . "
Let 's hope he is right A German finance ministry official , Joerg Asmussen , said his country was doing its bit .
" The German side is ready to act with its part of the aid package .
I cannot say anything about the time frame , but originally it should need some two weeks , " he said .
Greek Prime Minister George Papandreou , on a visit to the Aegean island of Kastellorizo , said the markets had not responded positively to the austerity measures designed to reduce the country 's debts , as he had hoped .
Confidence in the Greece economy has continued to fall , pushing its cost of borrowing to record levels in recent days .
It was therefore now a " national and pressing necessity " to access the EU - IMF aid , he said , and he had asked Finance Minister George Papaconstantinou to make a formal request for the loan plan 's activation .
" Our partners will decisively contribute to provide Greece the safe harbour that will allow us to rebuild our ship , " added Mr Papandreou .
' Pressure on ' Greece has sent a letter to the European Commission , the European Central Bank and the Eurogroup representing other Eurozone countries " formally requesting the activation of the support mechanism " .
For non-eurozone senior officials , the Greek problem looks manageable .
They just wish everyone would get on and manage it
Stephanie Flanders , BBC economics editor Read Stephanie 's blog in full Read your comments
There are still some hurdles to clear though .
The German opposition SPD is demanding a full debate on their portion of the aid package which could delay any German contribution .
So the IMF may be called on to finance the first portion of the aid .
The next immediate step will be for eurozone ministers to agree an interest rate for loans to Greece - which will be considerably lower than the 8 % they are facing on the open market at the moment .
The BBC economics editor Stephanie Flanders said for non-eurozone senior officials , the Greek problem looked manageable .
They just wished everyone would get on and manage it .
She said the clock was now ticking and several countries needed to get parliamentary approval for the plan , which would take some weeks .
She added that delays had already pushed up the amount needed to support Greece , and further pain could be in store .
Uncertainty remains [ an error occurred while processing this directive ]
The euro rallied in late Friday trade , ending in New York 0.6 % higher at $ 1.33.8 .
The yield , or interest rate , on Greek 10 - year bonds , fell to as low as 7.99 % after Mr Papandreou spoke , after rising to nearly 9 % on Thursday - its highest level for more than 10 years .
It then crept back up to 8.66 % .
The fall is a sign of a slight increase in confidence in Greece 's ability to pay back its loans .
But analysts said there was still significant uncertainty ahead .
" The market 's relatively modest reaction to the news that Greece was formally requesting aid from the EU and IMF was a clear sign that the market still believes that Greece will be forced to restructure its debt even with a bail - out , " said BNY Mellon 's Simon Derrick .
" These concerns were hardly soothed by a comment from the European Commission that it was neither for nor against a restructuring . "
In addition , attention has also been turning to other eurozone countries with large deficits in recent days .
BNY Mellon pointed out that Portugal had come under pressure on the markets this week , with the cost of its borrowing rising .
It also remarked that some investors had begun to pull out of investing in Portuguese debt in recent days .
" It seems clear which domino currently looks in danger of falling over on the European table , " Mr Derrick said .
But one of the members of the European Central Bank Governing Committee , Ewald Nowotny , said Greece 's problems should not unsettle other eurozone countries .
He said : " The fiscal situation of , let 's say , Spain and Portugal , cannot be compared with the situation of Greece .
It should be made very clear that there is no economic basis for negative news about these countries and it should also show very clearly that we do no want to give space for speculation . "
Spending cutbacks
The EU - IMF loans package has been put together to help pull Greece out of its debt crisis .
Greece is swamped by 300bn euros of debt and needs to borrow about 54bn euros this year alone .
In the middle of April finance ministers of the eurozone nations agreed to provide up to 30bn euros in emergency loans for debt - hit Greece should it ask for them .
At the time they offered a three - year financing programme at interest rates of about 5 % , based on IMF formulas .
Meanwhile , spending cutbacks being introduced by Athens to restore its finances are being resisted .
On Friday , Greek riot police fired tear gas during unrest as about 2,500 people marched through the streets of central Athens in protest at the country 's austerity measures in the latest display of public opposition .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CHARLESTON , S.C. --
Local university sprint champion Allison Bick can add a ridiculous distinction to her growing list of accomplishments as a college track star -- illegally running too fast .
For many , the thought of being cited for being too fast would be flattering , but for Bick , who has never had a traffic violation or a ticket of any kind , being labeled a rule breaker is a serious matter .
" I respect the law .
My father was a Police Sergeant , " said a still - shocked Bick , who has yet to crack a smile over the citation .
" When the policeman stopped me , I was like , are you joking ? "
Officer Randy Clifton made it clear that this was indeed no laughing matter .
" My job is to control the speed in a given area , " said Clifton , who has been receiving hate mail since the incident .
" I understand Ms. Bick is a top athlete but she was going nearly 30 ( mph ) in a 15 mph school zone and putting lives in danger . "
No human has been clocked over 28 miles per hour , meaning that according to Officer Clifton 's account , Bick could likely be the fastest human on the planet .
Nevertheless ,
Bick still refuses to see the silver lining in the incident .
" I had just gotten a new pair of Nike Air Max running shoes and was doing some interval training , " said Bick .
" I was n't trying to break the law . "
Bick will contest the charges in front of the county judge next month .
Until then , she intends to keep her training on the track .
Related Content : Nike
Air helps athletes worldwide achieve " unbelievable " leaps and bounds .
Source of air revealed .
WATCH HERE
April Fool 's Day jokes on ESPN.com Page 2 today .
FULL STORY
TABLE OF CONTENTS
Legal Review
Ap po in tm ent Ord ers
DA Form 1574
Exhibit A – 06 19 :37 Z Still from Apache Gun Came ra Film showing camera men in the comp any of armed
insurgents .
Exhibi t B – 062 0:07 Z S till fr om Apach e G un Camera Film show ing in surg ents with RPG and AKM .
Exhibit C – 06 20 :34 Z S till fro m Apache Gun Came ra Film showin g camerama n peering around corner of wall
at MB 5458 8617 .
Exhibi t D – 062 0:38 Z S till f rom Ap ache Gun Ca mera Film show ing cameraman fil ming US Army HMM WV .
Exhibit E – 0 62 1:0 7 Z S till fro m Apache Gun Ca mera F ilm sh owing insurgents c lustered tightly abou t
cameramen .
Exhibi t F – 0 626 :03 Z Still from Ap ache Gun C amera Film sho wing 2
Male s attempti ng to load wo und ed AIF
into black van .
Exhibi t G – 063 1:53 Z S till fr om Apach e G un Camera F ilm sh owin g US Soldiers o n scene .
Exhibit H – 0 63 9:44 Z S till from Apache Gun Ca mera F ilm sho wing Evacuation of Iraqi girl from bl ack van .
Exhibit I – 0641:11 Z Still from Apache Gun Camera Film showing Evacuation of Iraqi boy from black van .
Exhibi t J – Sworn Statement of CP T , Company Commander , B/2- 16 IN ) .
Exhibi t K – Sworn Statement of 1LT Platoon Leader , B /2-1 6 IN ) .
Exhibi t L – Sworn Statement of 1LT Mortar Platoon Leader , 2 - 1 6 IN ) .
Exhibi t M – Sworn Statement of SPC Medic , B/2- 16 IN ) .
Exhibi t N – Sworn Statement of 1LT Platoon Leader , B/2- 16 IN ) .
Exhibit O – Pictures taken by B /2 - 1 6
Pe rsonn el during Se nsitive Site Exploitation vic
Exhibi t P – P hot os of MG Lyn ch dated 24 Jun e 20 07 .
Recovered by Media Exploi tation Tea m fro m Canon EOS
Media Cards vic
Exhibi t Q – P hot os of Namir Noor Eldeen , Re uters ’ News Ag ency Photo graph er , dated 11 July 200 7 .
Recovered by Media Exploi tation
Te am from Canon EO S Me dia Cards vic
Exhibi t R – Photos of US Army HMMW V Da ted 12 July 2007 .
R ecovered b y Media Exploi tation
Te am fro m
Canon EO S Media Cards vic .
Jos� Ra�l Gonz�lez Lara acept� que pidi� 26 millones de d�lares a la congregaci�n ; les pide no hacerse las v�ctimas , pues quienes sufrieron los abusos sexuales de parte del religioso fueron �l y su hermano
CIUDAD DE M�XICO | Viernes 05 de marzo de 2010
AP | El Universal
10:08
Hey there , time traveller !
This article was published 6/4/2010 ( 3830 days ago ) , so information in it may no longer be current .
Opinion
So let 's get this straight :
The province " lends " $ 90 million to one of the city 's wealthiest football fans to build a new stadium for the Bombers -- with the fall - back plan essentially being the citizens pick up the tab -- and there 's no white noise of outrage ?
Did I click my heels or something ?
Is this Kansas ?
WAYNE .GLOWACKI / WINNIPEG FREE PRESS ARCHIVES
David Asper and Greg Selinger ( right ) have mostly avoided stadium vitriol .
Because it can't be Winnipeg , where historically just the hint that government money could be used to erect sports facilities was guaranteed to rouse the troops to action .
Editorials are written .
Protests are organized .
Indignation is dutifully expressed .
I mean , does n't anybody remember the ballpark ?
Not only should a penny of taxpayer money never been given to help Sam Katz build his diamond , but especially on that treasure of an empty lot that activists would have you believe was just this side of Eden .
Heck , all Mark Chipman got was a lousy $ 13 million each from the province and the feds for his $ 120 - plus- million hockey rink -- which was paid back in taxes generated by construction before the doors on the MTS Centre were opened -- and all he had to do to get it built was fight a case to the Supreme Court of Canada .
And remember that time when Conservative Leader Hugh McFadyen floated an election promise -- complete with Thomas Steen in the flesh -- to bring back the NHL ?
Of course , McFadyen did n't utter a word about money .
After all , the subject of taxes subsidizing NHL teams / buildings / players was long ago proved to be political suicide in these parts .
Still , that vague and ill - conceived press conference was viewed as McFadyen 's " Jump the Shark " moment of the 2007 campaign .
Outraged Guy : " Did McFayden just say he was going to use tax money to bring back the Jets ?
Or was it Thomas Steen ?
Does n't matter .
Seize them both ! "
So what happened ?
It boggles the mind to wonder what might have occurred at the turn of the century if a provincial leader would have " loaned " Chipman $ 90 million to build an arena .
If you loan me and my cat $ 90 million we could build the Bombers a new stadium , too .
OK , maybe it would n't have all the bells and whistles , but it would have goalposts and everything .
It 's just that , you know , we 're not sure we would be able to pay it all back .
The cat is a bit of a deadbeat .
Look , this is not an argument against the deal .
The Bombers were going to have to replace the 50 - plus - year - old fossil of a stadium they currently occupy sooner than later and the prospect of sinking tens of millions ( although I do n't necessarily buy that $ 52 - million figure Premier Greg Selinger was conveniently throwing around ) into the existing money pit was probably the most convincing rationalization for a new building .
Besides , here 's a little secret .
Football stadiums are a lot more like bridges than ballparks and hockey rinks .
They are infrastructure .
And if government money is n't used to either build them or maintain them they do n't get built or fall to the ground .
So maybe after years of bickering over issues involving taxpayer money and sports facilities , the vast majority of Winnipeg residents are suffering from outrage fatigue .
Maybe the level - headed among us can look at the construction of the ballpark and hockey rink and say , " Sure , taxpayers ' money was used , but look at the results . "
After all , enough folks have spent a summer day munching on a hotdog and watching the Goldeyes -- even though they pay for the privilege -- to realize a return on their investment .
And enough Winnipeggers have forked over their paycheques for a Simon and Garfunkel concert ( Ack ! ) to reasonably conclude that building the arena can no longer be portrayed as Darth Vader 's attempted construction of the Death Star .
So maybe David Asper 's retail component does n't work , which is a distinct possibility .
What 's the worst that can happen ?
The city gets a brand - new stadium to last at least another two or three generations , the future of the Bombers is secure and the community as a whole picks up the tab .
Yes , that 's correct .
The new stadium could be largely funded by the taxpayer .
You and me .
Where 's the outrage ?
Probably exactly where it belongs in a city where railing against the spending of public dollars on sports facilities was once heard and hear !
hear 'd !
by a receptive and disgruntled constituency .
No more , clearly .
Times and attitudes have changed .
If they had n't , Premier Selinger would be fighting for his public life now .
In fact , he would have ran away from Asper as if he was on fire , much less stand with him at a press conference to proudly make the generous announcement .
And if you think I 'm a little bewildered , what must McFadyen been thinking , other than , " What the hell ? "
Or perhaps the Conservative leader just shrugged , turned to his assistant , and said , " Get me Thomas Steen on the phone . "
randy.turner@freepress.mb.ca
The Philadelphia Eagles transformed the landscape of the NFC East on Sunday night when they traded six - time Pro Bowl QB Donovan McNabb to the rival Washington Redskins .
The Redskins surrendered the 37th overall pick in this year 's draft , plus a pick in the third or fourth round next year in return for McNabb .
EX - TEAMMATE : McNabb had ' a little revenge ' in his voice after trade to Redskins
PHOTOS : McNabb through the years in Philadelphia
It was the culmination of a weeks - long flirtation with dealing McNabb .
Coach Andy Reid announced on March 24 that he was entertaining trade offers .
" It was tough on all of us , " Reid said .
" You can't erase the last 11 years .
We had 11 great years together .
" I know he 'll go on and have success the remaining part of his career . "
McNabb was drafted second overall by the Eagles in 1999 , the year he became their starter .
He took the team to a Super Bowl and five NFC title games , but a championship eluded him throughout his tenure in Philadelphia .
VIDEO : Redskins fans burned McNabb 's jersey in 2007
He said he was " really excited " to don the burgundy and gold of the Redskins and begin a new era in Washington with first - year coach Mike Shanahan .
" I 'm eager to work with coach Shanahan -- he 's been a very successful coach with a couple of Super Bowl victories on his resume , " McNabb said in a statement .
" While it has been my goal to win a Super Bowl in Philadelphia , we came up short .
I enjoyed my 11 years and know that we shared a lot more good times than bad . "
Reid dismissed a suggestion that McNabb had dictated his trade destination or that McNabb would have refused to report to a team such as the Bills or Raiders , who were rumored to be among his suitors .
But he said McNabb deserved the opportunity to go to a place he was happy with .
" We wanted to do what was good for us and good for Donovan , " he said .
" And if we could find a nice mix , that 's what we would do . "
The Redskins will play the Eagles twice during the 2010 regular season , a fact that Reid said gave the Eagles pause before finalizing the deal .
" I will always wish Donovan the best of luck , " he said , " with the exception of two weeks throughout the year . "
Shanahan said in a statement he was thrilled to acquire McNabb , though he did not address the future of QB Jason Campbell , the team 's starter since 2006 .
" He knows our division and the roadmap to success in the NFC East , " Shanahan said .
" He will set a high standard of excellence . "
Reid named Kevin Kolb the new starting QB of the Eagles . -- Sean Leahy
According to The Times , this unusual animal was captured in the Sichuan province in remote central China .
Nicknamed " the oriental yeti , " the unidentified animal is on its way to Beijing for DNA tests .
" There are local legends of a bear that used to be a man and some people think that 's what we caught , " one of the hunters said .
I dunno … Looks to me like a hairless bear .
Besides , everyone knows that real Yetis look like this .
" ' Oriental yeti ' that looks like a bear without fur shipped for tests " ( Thanks , Xeni ! ) UPDATE : Naturally , Loren Coleman has taken a hard look at this story over at Cryptomundo .
The westbound College streetcar slides to a stop at Elizabeth St. , letting on and off about half a dozen passengers .
“ May I have a transfer , please ? ” asks a chipper young rider .
The light turns green .
The blonde driver stares straight ahead through dark - rimmed glasses , the corners of her mouth turned down , as she mindlessly shoves a piece of paper into the woman ’s hand .
The streetcar starts to roll forward , just as a car that had been waiting to turn left makes its move .
The driver punches the horn in a long , high burst .
She shakes her head and mutters under her breath .
Is this the Blonde Dragon ?
“ Somebody asked me about that this morning , actually , ” said the woman , who did n’t give her name .
“ But I do n’t think it ’s me because I never said that . ”
On Monday , the TTC released 312 rider complaint letters to the Star .
One described an experience involving a blonde driver with glasses on the College route .
“ On several occasions I have had the misfortune of boarding ( the streetcar ) only to realize that the driver for the first leg of my journey to work is this miserable woman , ” the writer states .
One morning , the writer became the “ target of her vileness ” after trying to exit through the front , rather than push to the back during rush hour .
“ She yelled at the top of her lungs four times . . .
‘ EXIT AT THE REAR DOOOOORS !!!’ . . .
I turned around and calmly asked her , ‘ Why are you such a bitch to the passengers ? ’
Her loud reply : BECAUSE I ENJOY IT !!! ”
So , was this individual — the only blonde operator working the College line early Tuesday afternoon — the Blonde Dragon ?
Dragon or not , the driver has a rebuttal for many of the complaints raised against the TTC .
Frontline workers are constantly dealing with problems from the public , she said .
“ We tell people to move back .
We have these automated buttons to tell people to move back .
We have signs everywhere .
But they wo n’t move back .
What are we gonna do ? ” she said .
“ And people get on and they want a free ride , wha - wha - wha - wha , ” she said , imitating a passenger trying to get around paying .
“ And people are getting on with their coffee mug in their hand , their cellphone on their ear , and they have n’t got their passes and money in their hand .
And they ’re digging it out .
Like , if you can have your coffee mug ready , you can have your fare ready , ” said the 15 - year veteran .
“ All these little things will slow it down . ”
Does this make her sound rude ?
She does n’t think so .
If drivers are n’t on the ball at every stop , further down the line , passengers will complain about delays .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
But still people contact customer service and file complaints .
In a news release Tuesday , union local president Bob Kinnear said the TTC ’s ratio of complaints to riders “ compares very favourably with other large urban transit systems in North America and , in fact , with other public services generally . ”
The worst complaints , noted the College driver , “ come from the third parties .
And meanwhile they have no idea what ’s going on . ”
Last week , DC 's blockbuster " Blackest Night " crossover was released , wrapping up a story that spread out over 88 issues .
But what exactly happened in all those comics ?
As a public service to our readers , ComicsAlliance has the answer , as Senior Writer Chris Sims recaps the high points of the entire story in only sixty seconds !
CAMBRIDGE , Mass. , April 6 , 2010 -- Carbon nanotubes , long touted for applications in materials and electronics , may also be the stuff of atomic - scale black holes .
Physicists at Harvard University have found that a high - voltage nanotube can cause cold atoms to spiral inward under dramatic acceleration before disintegrating violently .
Their experiments , the first to demonstrate something akin to a black hole at atomic scale , are described in the current issue of the journal Physical Review Letters .
" On a scale of nanometers , we create an inexorable and destructive pull similar to what black holes exert on matter at cosmic scales , " says Lene Vestergaard Hau , Mallinckrodt Professor of Physics and of Applied Physics at Harvard .
" As importantly for scientists , this is the first merging of cold - atom and nanoscale science , and it opens the door to a new generation of cold atom experiments and nanoscale devices . "
Hau and co-authors Anne Goodsell , Trygve Ristroph , and Jene A. Golovchenko laser - cooled clouds of one million rubidium atoms to just a fraction of a degree above absolute zero .
The physicists then launched this millimeter - long atomic cloud towards a suspended carbon nanotube , located some two centimeters away and charged to hundreds of volts .
The vast majority of the atoms passed right by the wire , but those that came within a micron of it -- roughly 10 atoms in every million - atom cloud -- were inescapably attracted , reaching high speeds as they spiraled toward the nanotube .
" From a start at about 5 meters per second , the cold atoms reach speeds of roughly 1,200 meters per second , or more than 2,700 miles per hour , as they circle the nanotube , " says Goodsell , a graduate student on the project and now a postdoctoral researcher in physics at Harvard .
" As part of this tremendous acceleration , the temperature corresponding to the atoms ' kinetic energy increases from 0.1 degrees Kelvin to thousands of degrees Kelvin in less than a microsecond . "
At this point , the speeding atoms separate into an electron and an ion rotating in parallel around the nanowire , completing each orbit in just a few trillionths of a second .
The electron eventually gets sucked into the nanotube via quantum tunneling , causing its companion ion to shoot away -- repelled by the strong charge of the 300 - volt nanotube -- at a speed of roughly 26 kilometers per second , or 59,000 miles per hour .
The entire experiment was conducted with great precision , allowing the scientists unprecedented access to both cold - atom and nanoscale processes .
" Cold - atom and nanoscale science have each provided exciting new systems for study and applications , " says Golovchenko , Rumford Professor of Physics and Gordon McKay Professor of Applied Physics at Harvard .
" This is the first experimental realization of a combined cold atom - nanostructure system .
Our system demonstrates sensitive probing of atom , electron , and ion dynamics at the nanoscale . "
The single - walled carbon nanotube used in these researchers ' successful experiment was dubbed " Lucy , " and its contributions are acknowledged in the Physical Review Letters paper .
The nanotube was grown by chemical vapor deposition across a 10 - micron gap in a silicon chip that provides the nanowire with both mechanical support and electrical contact .
" From the atom 's point of view , the nanotube is infinitely long and thin , creating a singular effect on the atom , " Hau says .
###
This work was supported by the Air Force Office of Scientific Research and the National Science Foundation .
A construction migrant worker ’s notes
[ From MOP ]
A young migrant worker updates a post of his raw , yet I found to be truthful and insightful notes while working at a construction site of soon to be multi-million luxury homes in Sanya , Hainan .
I never speak out .
I am a “ diving ” migrant worker .
( 潜水 : Diving means lurking here , it is a Chinese internet slang , means someone who reads forum posts but never replies , never expresses their views .
It is like underwater diving , never pop their heads out of the water . )
I used to have very low self - esteem , just because I am a migrant worker working at construction sites every day .
Maybe it ’s because I went to junior college for two years , our manger Yang made me the publicist , so I got the opportunities to take photos .
Migrant worker is the synonym of low - quality in the society .
I admit that we are the people living in the lowest level of the society .
Even if we were paid attention to , we were seen as the weakest group .
But now I do not feel worthless anymore , in fact we the migrant workers are also human beings , we are proud , all of the high - rise buildings are built up with our blood and sweat ; we also are educated , I can write posts ; we also know how to live .
The reason I write this post is so everyone can know how we build a block of high - rise buildings , and also to show you our lives as migrant workers .
This photo is recorded while we are working , the person in the photo is not me , I am a reinforcement metal worker , he is a structure worker named Wang Zhigqiang , as for how a structure worker works , I will tell everyone later .
The place we are working at is Sanya , Hainan .
Wang Zhiqiang ’s home town is Leshan ( I am from Suinging ) .
He has not been home for a year and half .
His wife and kid are still at his home town , he misses his home very much .
During lunch we all go down to the cafeteria to eat , he does not go .
He brings lunch , sitting at the site , watching the ocean , homesick .
First , posting a working picture of me , Laohu took the picture for me .
My head was almost not in the picture !
I am 24 years old , went to junior college , I chose to be a construction worker that is also the job for migrant workers .
Our construction site is at Sanya in Hainan province , a very beautiful city ~~ ~
I always liked the ocean since when I was a kid , I also like this place Sanya , the real ocean makes people feel broad - minded .
How many of you are curious , what it is like upstairs more than 100 meters high , while the building is being built .
Actually there are many procedures adding levels to the building , I am a reinforcement metal worker , it is a very important job , the job of reinforcing the load - bearing beams .
We have to do this on every level of the building .
This year my home town is now every cold , and I am very worried about my mother , her poor health .
I am here at Sanya which is one of the China ’s only tropical cities , is actually very warm .
Unfortunately I can only build building here , but cannot afford to buy a home !
Take this building I am working on as an example , it ’s named Phoenix Island Health Resort , I heard it will cost 80,000 yuan per square meter .
How wonderful would it be if I can let my mother come and live here ?
He is a structure worker , from same hometown as me , bother Wang .
It was him that introduced me here , he is very good to me …
But my monthly salary is 1,600 yuan , if I do n’t eat anything and just work , in about 5 years I can buy 1 square meter .
Sanya is indeed a beautiful place .
Our company is constructing the best building in Sanya , named Phoenix Island .
This picture is taken at the gate of the site .
It will look like this when it is done !
The main building is 200 meters tall .
Is that not beautiful ?!
Now many people think the migrant workers eat wotou ( steamed corn bread ) and drink water soup …
But actually things have changed , I am not sure about the migrant workers elsewhere , but we eat very well here .
There is beef and fish …
This is one of the 6 cafeterias .
Because there are three shifts , the main course will be made three times a day .
As for our cultural life , is also not like everyone thinks .
We live in the shack at night , chatting and masturbation is our only activity .
When we rest , we watch TV and our TV is a 42 inch flat - panel HDTV .
Migrant workers here have a normal live , kind of like everyone else .
Elevator work is relatively the easiest job around here .
They are 4 people taking turns .
The elevator needs to be operated 24 hours a day .
Sayan is very hot city so their work is also very hard , staying in the cage for hours .
Wang Meili is from Lesan in Sichuan , she operated the elevator for 5 years now .
She likes me .
Every time when I go on the elevator she always think of some things to talks to me .
But I do n’t like her like that , I do n’t dislike either .
I do n’t like the books she is reading , she always reads pirated books about murder and romance .
Her romantics surprised me because she weight at least 180 Jing !
This elevator is outside of the building , going up and down , but in fact it is pretty safe with doubled doors .
The happiest moment is getting off work .
Ring the bell , waiting for the elevator , every time Wang Meili stares at me .
I am happy , because we are getting of work …
Close to midnight , taking the elevator down from 100 meters in the air to the ground , the sea breeze blowing at our sweaty body , feels very nice .
They would make dirty jokes , intentionally telling them to Wang Meili .
Wang Meili always turns red and curses at us .
I do n’t think migrant workers are sad , every buildings in cities of China has our sweat .
There would be no so called modern city without us .
On top of the ocean , in the elevator cage , watching the night scene of Sanya , very beautiful !
On the way back to our dorms
We have a place for showering , but uncle Yu is used to getting hosed down outside .
He said that he does that at home .
Why are migrant workers in the pictures wearing white hats and red hats , no one is wearing the normal yellow hat ?
Yellow hats are for leaders , they are from the construction company .
They get monthly salary and we are paid by the hours , work one day and get paid for one day .
If we get a cold , then there will be no pay .
However the yellow hats are not bad people .
Manager
Yang wears a yellow hat , he goes to work earlier than us , and is the last person leaving the site .
He has n’t gone home for 2 years already .
He is the quality responsible person at the construction site .
One day , I saw him crying by himself , I knew he also misses home !
These couple of days it is very old at my home town , but because the typical weather , it ‘s still very hot here .
When we rest at night we watch TV together , the highest rated show is not the news here , we do n’t have the right to concern about the national affairs .
We are more concerned about the weather following the news .
We will chat about the weather conditions of our hometowns , and sigh for a while then go to sleep .
Sun son is our concrete worker here , his home is in Shijiazhuang , the house was crushed by the snow this year , but fortunately no one was hurt .
Lele is Lao Wang ’s kid .
He never smiles .
This is happiest picture I took of him when playing riding the horse game .
This is his biggest smile .
This is the back yard where the migrant workers service the migrant workers .
Lele grew up in this courtyard from age 2 to 4 .
Lele looks like this normally
Actually we have women here , but they do not go upstarts .
They do some moving work at the ground level .
Lao
Wang ’s wife just came here last month and she does this kind of work .
She is very pretty , but Phoenix Island is very windy so she covers herself like this …
As for her yellow hat , Manager Yang gave to her , because they ran out of hats .
Next to our construction site is the ocean .
I took this photo myself , the water is soft and transparent , looks very beautiful .
When I am on breaks I would sleep on the beach .
This place does not belong to us , but because we are constructing buildings here , we can look at the most beautiful ocean of our country without spending any money .
Getting back to business , I got this photo from manager yang ’s computer .
This is how the buildings would look when they are done .
I heard they start selling them in December already !
80,000 per square meter .
I worked here for two years , if I do not eat and drink I can afford to buy 0.45 square meter .
I do n’t understand how many reinforcement metals the person needs to make to afford a home ?
In the middle of the night I sneaked up and went online , I was criticized .
There are good amount of computers here , but I do n’t have one .
Most of notebooks are Shenzhou brand , and most of them are used to play little games that come with Windows .
I borrowed it from my roommate Wang .
His family is wealthier than mine .
Because we are on an island , we also have our own grocery store on site .
I go there once every three days , every time I would buy a pack of Hongmei , we all smoke this here , cheap .
The female boss at the store likes me and I also have good impression of her .
For a while , I thought about her when I masturbated at night .
Sometimes I do it two to three times a night , thinking about how she is treating me well .
Then one day right after I masturbated I had to go work the night shift , plus sitting on the cold metals and the ocean breeze , I got sick , JJ ( slang for male genital ) stopped “ working ” .
After that day , I quit the bad habit of masturbation .
When there is “ hunger and thirst ” , I look at the boundless sea , taking a deep breath then I am done .
She uses a Lenovo notebook .
I grew up with poor health .
When first came here , I had high fevers for couple of times .
Once when I was sick I hid in a cement pipe and slept for a day .
Someone found me and sent me to the hospital .
Then I got better , now I almost do n’t get sick anymore .
It looks like working is the best cure .
My physical fitness is a lot better than before also .
This is our living place , looking down from upstairs .
Today I was criticized by our leader for posting photos online .
I was very angry and said I did n’t post any bad photos .
Anyway , he said no , if I was to post anything , I would have to say we are very clean , we are very good …
I said as long as it ’s the truth .
Anyway today I was lectured .
When I first came here , the building looked like this already .
Now it ’s like this .
I do n’t know why when I am writing the post I feel very difficult ; I remembered I was so talented when I was in high school , could write down so much beautiful words , and now I know my dream of being a writer is gone .
— — — — ——
–
The post stopped here as for today , perhaps he can get over his feeling of shattered dream of being a writer and tell us more .
Learning Anytime , Anywhere
The Mobile Learning @ The Hill Program provides Seton Hill 's academic community with 24/7 access to a world of learning , in addition to the tools they need to engage in it fully .
Through this program , faculty are provided with a MacBook Air and the training to integrate mobile technology resources into the academic environment .
All traditional full - time undergraduate students receive a MacBook Air .
Mobile Learning @ the Hill Technology By Program
Traditional full - time undergraduate students ( all academic programs ) : MacBook Air
M.S. in Physician Assistant ( graduate ) students : MacBook Air
M.A. in Art Therapy ( graduate ) students : MacBook Air
M.S. in Orthodontics ( graduate ) students : MacBook Air
Doctor of Physical Therapy DPT ( graduate ) students : MacBook Air
Seton Hill Recognized by Apple for the 6th Time !
Apple has named Seton Hill an Apple Distinguished School for the sixth time , for a period of three years ( 2019 - 2022 ) .
The Apple Distinguished School designation is reserved for programs that are recognized centers of educational excellence and leadership .
The ebook " Mobile Learning @ the Hill : Moving Forward " provides insight into how Seton Hill developed its mobile learning program , and includes practical examples for using mobile technology for teaching and learning .
( Best viewed on an iPad . )
Innovative Teaching & Learning Center
Seton Hill ’s Innovative Teaching & Learning Center supports faculty and students in the appropriate use of technologies to enrich and expand the teaching and learning experience .
Apple Care
Seton Hill ’s Information Technology staff maintain self - servicing status with Apple .
This means that students , faculty and staff :
Do n’t need to leave campus to receive Apple support .
Will be provided with a “ loaner ” MacBook Air to replace a MacBook Air that can not be serviced right away .
Solution Center
If you ’d like additional information on technology at Seton Hill , please feel free to contact our Solution Center at ( 724 ) 830-1805 or support@setonhill.edu .
“ Who were the ones we kept in charge ?
Killers , thieves , lawyers ” — Tom Waits
“ They fill out heads with lies , and then have the cheek to wonder why we grow to hate them ” — The Mighty Stef ,
“ I was looking for a job , then I found a job .
And heaven knows I ’m miserable now ” — Morrissey
“ Oh jesus christ almighty .
Do I feel alright ?
No , not slightly ” — Lily Allen
“ We want to burn your town down .
We want to burn your fucking whole town down ” — T
he Nation Blue
“ I was n’t doin ’ nothin ’ .
And anyway , just what is it I ’m supposed to have done ? ” — Tex Perkins
This is the first edition of what is expected to become a recurring series on InfoQ .
The idea behind this minibook is that a number of InfoQ articles and interviews which deal with a particular topic ( in this case , REpresentational State Transfer , or REST ) are combined together to provide a detailed exploration suitable for both beginners and advanced practitioners .
Free download
In a return as epic as the prodigal son's , Big Ben — Peaches Geldof 's kiss - and - telling lover — arose and returned to Reddit on Easter Sunday , with two comments responding to the screed Eli Roth directed at his mother yesterday .
Their war over the " instantaneous connectivity of the internet " ( Eli's words ) has now evolved into a battle of the Jews — Bear Jew ( Eli's character in Inglourious Basterds ) versus Ben Jew , who once performed a " mitzvah " by gifting a blind Hasid a tandem bicycle .
( Turns out Big Ben is a diplomat in Williamsburg 's Hipster - Hasid bike lane war . )
Ben 's return to Reddit began with a simple link to our post on Eli 's open letter to his mother .
Then the man of the " Big Ben " penis tattoo wandered over to a preexisting thread about Eli's letter to his family , and joined the commentariat : " Fuck it , how often do you get the chance to challenge the Bear Jew to a cage match after he tattletales to your mom . "
We also discover that Ben 's mother finds the situation " amusing . "
Thatcoolguyben 79 points 5 hours ago [-]
I 'm glad to be back on Reddit and these comments are out of control in the best way possible .
I never said I considered Eli Roth 's statement harassment , I actually find it quite amusing , as does my mom .
I did in the heat of the moment write a letter back to him that could be either public or private , but I 'm sleeping on it before I send it and I want time to edit it before I come out just bashing some guy .
I will eventually challenge this dude to a cage match , which chances are I will lose , but fuck it , how often do you get the chance to challenge the Bear Jew to a cage match after he tattletales to your mom .
Chances are never .
Also eventually I 'll do an AMA on this , but will definitely wait for this to cool down .
Lastly , does anyone on Reddit know anything in depth on IP and copyright laws ?
I 've received a ton of messages with people saying things about my story and pics getting picked up without me or Reddit being credited .
How should I go about handling this , if in any way at all ?
Feel free to post here or message me privately .
All in all I find this pretty funny , all this spawning from one quick post on Reddit when I was bored and erupting into possible fights with the Bear Jew .
Proof that when someone tells your tits or GTFO you should always provide the tits .
It is testament to Eli Roth 's ridiculous level of asshole - itude that you end up wanting to take the side of a guy who posted naked pictures of a one - night stand on Reddit , which is not a nice thing to do .
Previously : Eli Roth Tattles to Peaches Pornographer Big Ben's Mother
Meet ' Big Ben , ' Peaches ' Oversharing , Heroin - Using Lover
Peaches Geldof 's Heroin - Fueled One - Night Stand at the Scientology Center
Peaches Admits to Nude Pics , Denies Heroin and Scientology Allegations
Peaches ' Pornographer Suspended Himself from Meathooks Last Night
( Warning : This was typed by a very sleep deprived man ) Last month , the court case that removed my ability to get a passport came to an end .
I assumed that at that point , I was allowed to do all the things that had been legally kept from me .
Drive a car , use my bank account , get a passport , etc .
In June , Danielle and I took a ferry ( I live far away from everything and must take a ferry into the city for many things ) to the passport office to order passports at $ 90 each so we could go to ConnectiCon .
Just to be sure , we paid the extra $ 30 each to get the " express " treatment so we'd be sure to have them in time for the convention .
We were assured that if there were any problems , they 'd call us .
If we received no phone calls , we could pick up the passports on the very day that we were scheduled to catch a plane into the USA .
Talk about cutting it close !
For two weeks , I jumped every time the phone rang , hoping that it was n't the passport office .
After all , our plane tickets came to $ 1,500 and were non-refundable .
The day before we were meant to leave for the convention , we received a letter from the passport office , telling me that my passport application had been denied because there was a " flag " on my name .
The letter was sent the date after we applied for the passports .
I quickly called up the FMEP ( who were my old " friends " from the court case who were supposed to remove the flag on my name ) and asked what was up .
The man I spoke to told me that it was all cleared up weeks ago and perhaps the files at the passport office were just slow to update .
Danielle and I woke up at 4:15 am the next day in order to catch the first ferry into the city and be at the passport office as soon as they opened .
We brought with us , all our ConnectiCon luggage just in case there was something that could be done and we could dart off to the airport with passports in hand .
Once at the office , we waited in line to get a number , then waited for that number to be called at which point we spoke with Gordon , a passport office employee .
After hearing about our situation , he looked me up and discovered that the evil flag wason my name !
He said that as long as that flag was there , he can not issue me a passport .
And even if he could , it 's not likely that it could be ready the same day , but if we wanted to contact the FMEP and " light a fire under their butts " as Gordon put it , we could then pay the $ 150 ' 24 hour urgent passport application fee ' and try our luck .
" But I 've already paid .
I paid $ 120 . " I said .
" That was your initial application fee and that application was shut down as soon as we saw the flag on your name .
That fee is unfortunately non-refundable . "
Danielle and I looked at each other , knowing that although we had about $ 160 on us , we needed that money for luggage fees , food , taxis , etc .
I decided to call FMEP from a payphone in the hallway and see if I could light that fire under their butts .
I was put on hold , so I waited .
I waited at that payphone for half an hour before an FMEP rep named Laura answered .
After explaining my situation Laura assured me that the flag should be gone by now .
I asked if someone representing the FMEP could call the passport office and tell them that .
She said " we do n't have the power to do that , only the Department of Justice can do that " .
I got the D of J's number and called them .
I was put on hold and so I waited .
I waited at that payphone for half an hour .
Then I waited for another half an hour .
I hung up and decided to pester Gordon again .
I went back into the passport office ( where Danielle had made herself at home , crocheting next to a pile of our luggage ) , waited in line to get a number , then waited for that number to be called , at which point I was talking to my old friend Gordon who was telling me once more that he did n't have the power to bypass that flag on my name .
I returned to the now familiar payphone and decided to call the mysterious Department of Justice again .
This time , I was determined to stay on hold for as long as it took .
It took about an hour .
My heart leaped as a man answered .
" Department of Justice , before we begin , may I have your social insurance number please ? "
( For you Americans , a social insurance number is similar to a social security number ) . " 495 ... " I began . " 875 234 ? "
Said the man on the phone .
That 's right , he finished my SIN number for me ( No , I did n't just type my real SIN Number online , but the real one was said over the phone ) . " Um ... yeah , how did you ..? " " Hello Mr. Hunt " I was completely confused at this point .
I could n't understand how he knew who I was .
" I literallygot off the phone with Laura from the FMEP who called me to explain your situation .
I can help you .
I contacted the security department and as soon as they fax me the information of your file , I can manually remove the flag on your name .
" " Wow , that 's great ! " I said .
" Yes , you 're very lucky that I was in the office .
I can have this cleared up by tomorrow . " " Tomorrow ?
Oh , well I need to be on a plane tonight .
Is there any way that was can fix this now ? " " Unfortunately Mr. Hunt , I can't correct the issue until I get that fax and they wo n't be able to contact me until tomorrow . " " Oh . " I replied " Well is there any way that you could ... " " Hang on Mr. Hunt , the fax is here . " " What ? "
" It 's here .
It just arrived . "
And five minutes after that comment , this amazing God of a man had removed the flag from my name .
He even said " On behave of the Department of Justice , I declare that you are free to obtain a passport without any hindrance .
" I rushed back into the office , waited in line to get a number , then waited ... well , you know the drill .
We gave Gordon our $ 150 and a few hours later , Danielle and I both had our passports .
An awkward phone call to Danielle 's amazing parents landed us a $ 200 loan from them , which would cover the other expenses of our trip .
We bused to the airport , checked in our luggage for $ 50 and waited until just after midnight to catch the first plane of our trip .
We landed in Minneapolis and were all guided to US customs .
Something that we were told we'd have to do before we could catch our next flight into NYC .
Danielle and I were ready to pay some kind of duty tax on our items , but we 'd done some research and discovered that there was no tariff on books .
An officer pulled us aside and asked us all sorts of questions .
I explained about the convention and how Danielle and I were to be guests of honour .
" Where are your work visas ? "
He asked us .
" What ?
Wait , we need work visas to attend a convention ? "
I felt that ' passport office ' stress from the day before returning to me .
The officer explained to us that by trying to enter the USA to sell even one book without a work visa , we were stealing work from Americans and breaking the law .
I told him that I 'd be willing to ditch all my merchandise and just go to enjoy the convention and he said " no " .
He said that since I already told him that I was planning to sell some books , I could not enter the USA at this point no matter what I said or did .
He asked us if we 'd ever sold any books at American conventions before .
Not wanting to make things worse by lying , I told him that we 'd attended GenCon in 2007 .
He told us outright that we were not going to be allowed into the United States and mentioned possible jail time .
" Have a seat and wait right there . "
He said .
After my court battle , I was now getting used to being told that I might be going to prison .
For a guy who does n't even know how to roll a joint , I sure hear the phrase " possible jail time " a whole lot .
This time was different than the court situation though .
Having Danielle lumped into that possibility with me was a special kind of fear .
As I sat in my plastic chair looking up at the staggering number of American flags that surrounded me ( which now looked angry somehow ) , I began rehearsing certain conversations in my mind ...
" But officer , she did n't even fill out the customs card , I did . " " Officer , she 's not the author of the books , I am . " " Honestly officer , I do n't even trust her to touch my merchandise .
She has nothing to do with sales .
" After awhile , Danielle and I were separated and I was brought into an interrogation room .
It was explained to me that Danielle was also being interrogated somewhere else so if we lie about anything , they 'll know about it and her and I could be facing five years in prison .
I silently hoped that neither Danielle or I accidentally got any facts wrong and end up with unmatching answers .
I was questioned for maybe an hour by Officer C. ( you think I 'm crazy enough to post his name here ? ) who asked me about everything .
Seriously , everything .
When my Father met my Mother , how much money did I make at GenCon in 2007 , even this one ...
" So why are you a guest of honour at this , ConnectiCon ? " " Uh , well ...
I 'm an author .
I guess ... I suppose I have a large amount of fans ?
I mean ... I suppose I 'm an author of some notability in certain circles . "
I 'm a pretty modest guy , but we 're talking about jail , people .
I 'd have told him that I was the best singer in Canada , if that 's what he wanted to hear .
The interrogation was actually a lot like the ones you see in movies .
A bunch of times he'd exit the room , leaving me sitting alone in my chair before returning five minutes later .
I could vividly picture some cheesy Law & Order group of cops studying me from behind some two way mirror asking things like " what do ya think ?
Ya think he 's lying ? " .
There was no such mirror , but I could still imagine it .
After the interrogation , I was finger printed , photographed , then brought into another room where two officers thoroughly searched me .
It was all very professional and I was n't " violated " or anything but seriously , that was as close to a homosexual experience as I 've ever come , and I 've had a prostate exam before .
Eventually , Danielle and I were brought into the same room and escorted by Officer C. to a plane that would take us back to Canada .
We were not allowed to have our passports returned to us until after the plane landed in Canada .
Despite all of these events , I want to make it clear that the officers Danielle and I dealt with were very professional .
No one tazed us or was unnecessarily rude .
They were all just very professional and unwavering in their duties .
In fact , Danielle and I were both told separately that we were much more co-operative and truthful than what the officers were used to .
So now we 're back home safely .
I 'm so very sorry to those of you who travelled a long distance and paid money that you otherwise might not have to get to ConnectiCon to see us .
I also want to apologise to ConnectiCon who paid for a hotel room for Danielle and I that will now not be used .
Given that this whole nightmare has cost us over $ 2000 and made us no profits , I 'll be launching a Tempts Fate this week in hopes of putting a dent in this brand new debt of ours .
The riddle door in the last Tempts Fate was very popular , so I 'll be expanding on that idea .
Hopefully it 'll be fun for everyone .
My stance on Tempts Fate donations is usually " just reading the comic is support enough " , but this time it 'll be a little bit more of the " please help us " variety .
Also , the last three days , being a roller coaster of stress and intense negative emotions has shown me something pretty cool .
Despite the tears , the fear and the worrying , Danielle and I never once snapped at each other or turned on each other in any way .
The entire time , we were nothing but supportive , loving and close .
In fact , the worst part of the whole ordeal for both of us was when we were separated and not allowed to know where the other was .
I now know that no matter what happens , there 's no situation that can cause us to turn on each other .
During the interrogation , I answered as many questions as I could with a simple " yes " or " no " .
I did n't want to make matters worse by adding any extra details and tripping myself up .
I kept this minimalistic answering for as many questions as I could except one .
In an environment where an untrue answer would get me thrown in jail , when asked " Is Danielle Stephens your wife ? " .
I answered " She will be .
" As always , thanks for reading .
~Thunt
I ’m only addressing those who were born into a particular religion and have accepted it without taking the time to venture out with no bias and really assess other religions .
We see these people all the time .
The majority of people who follow a particular religion were born into it .
I was , you probably are …and if you ’re not you either left religion altogether or went to another .
I had a conversation about this with my friend just today .
She is Hindu and knows I ’m an Atheist .
Funnily enough she is frightened of speaking to me on the subject of religion for too long because what I say gets her thinking about the rationality of her own belief in God ( s ) .
She often has this glassy stare on her face and I can clearly tell that she wants to both continue to speak on the subject but also run away .
So I asked her , As Richard Dawkins famously did .
“ Why do you believe in the Gods you do ?
Why do n’t you believe in Thor or Zeus or even Apollo ? ”
To which she had no answer .
She opened her mouth to speak and subsequently shut up .
The answer was quite clear really .
She believed what she did because she had been told to …because it had been passed along like bread at the dinner table .
She ’d just accepted it and eaten it right up .
After - all , in a regular home , the good points of religion are focused on .
I ’m not saying the bad ones are n’t but the scriptures are thought to be a source of morality .
We as humans want to believe we ’re special .
We want to have a purpose and we very strongly desire life after death .
These are n’t all the reasons it is so easy to accept .
For one , childrens ’ brains are easily susceptible and they will believe what they are told .
It ’s one of those things that made our ancestors survive .
“ Do n’t touch that it ’ll kill you , ” must have saved many childrens ’ lives .
So we accept what we are told .
Hell is a bad place to go .
Heaven is a good place to go .
Be good and you ’ll be eternally happy .
Be bad and you ’ll burn in hell .
Jeez !
What child is n’t frightened out of their mind by that ?
This is why you believe in Allah .
This is why you believe in Jesus .
Why do n’t you believe in Zeus ?
Zeus is old news of course .
Get with the program !
____________________________________________________________
Leave a comment below and check the little box thingy to subscribe to this Blog or click the “ Sign me up ” button at the top to subscribe by email .
I have no subscribers and I am not above pleading !
All about entrepreneurship , intrapreneurship , ideas , innovation , and small business .
Search the site
Partner Ads
Categories Categories Select Category Advice For The Young At Heart Books & Reviews Events & Happenings Feature Story Gadgets Ideaspotting
In the News Interviews Others Products & Services Professionalisms Resources Thinking Aloud Uncategorized
Accolades
Your Say
Published online 24 February 2010 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2010.89
News
' Lab in a can ' eliminates the middleman between sample site and lab .
Divers work on the sensor in a test tank at MBARI .
Todd Walsh / MBARI
Scientists have developed an underwater biological laboratory that can identify DNA fragments in minutes , saving researchers the trouble of going into the field to retrieve samples .
The ' ecogenomic sensor ' , which is packed into a roughly 1 - metre - long canister , can test for proteins released by microorganisms and even run DNA tests match DNA to determine which species are present .
" The instrument is , in essence , a microbiology laboratory in a can , " says James Birch , a bioengineer who is helping to develop it for the Monterey Bay Aquarium Research Institute ( MBARI ) in Moss Landing , California .
Traditionally , he says , the most expensive and time - consuming part of such ocean testing is getting samples into the lab .
" They have to send somebody out on a ship or a pier , then schlep the water back , " he said on 23 February at the American Geophysical Union 's 2010 Ocean Sciences Meeting in Portland , Oregon .
But not with the automated lab .
Mounted on a fibre - optic cable , the lab can instantly relay its findings to shore .
" Instead of going out and sampling once per week , which public health officials do now , this can give you results in an hour and a half , " Birch said .
One potential use for such devices is to warn seaside communities of impending algal blooms , which can shut down beaches and do millions of dollars of damage to tourist economies .
The device can also be used for deep - ocean research .
Already , Birch said , scientists testing it have found that deep - sea microbial communities are unexpectedly dynamic .
" There are lots of changes in the numbers and kinds of microbes , depending on weather and tides 1,000 metres above the instruments , " he said .
Swimming free
Another advance that has recently been tested and was reported at the meeting is a wireless underwater modem with a range of 200 metres that uses optical signals to transmit data at megabit speeds .
Rather than having to use an expensive submersible to physically plug a cable into a remote instrument , for example , researchers could simply lower a wireless modem , establish communication , then reel the modem back up when they 're done .
The modem is also fast enough to transmit video footage , says Norman Farr , an electrical engineer at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in Massachusetts , whose team recently used the device to send such images .
Not only does that allow the transmission of video data , Farr says , it also allows humans to pilot underwater rovers remotely .
Rovers could be docked at an interesting seabed site — perhaps a hydrothermal vent field .
Optical modems would then be installed nearby , on towers with good lines of sight .
These would be connected to shore by fibre - optic cables , allowing scientists to operate the vehicles from the comfort of their labs .
" A user would wake up one of the vehicles , drive it to respond to some sort of event , perform an experiment or look at some critters — whatever is desired — all the while downloading data , " Farr said .
Once the job was done , the researcher would return the rover to its ' parking ' spot and put it back in standby mode , where it would wait for its next use .
To range farther afield , however , ocean scientists are going to need robotic explorers called autonomous underwater vehicles ( AUVs ) .
Such vehicles , which can roam for up to 18 hours without a pilot , for are already in use .
Since 2006 , MBARI software engineer Thom Maughan has been working to improve AUV autopilots , using artificial - intelligence software borrowed from NASA 's Mars rovers , which need to be able to go about their business without being directly controlled from Earth .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Mars rovers , of course , operate mostly by visual input .
Not so AUVs , which need to be able to operate in the dark , 1,000 meters below the water 's surface .
" Ours is more like taste , smell and feel , " Maughan said , " but we 're using the same underlying software design . "
Rather than sending the AUVs out on preset tasks , the new software is designed for maximum flexibility .
" It can change its mission on the fly , prioritize and collect the data the scientist needs , " Maughan said .
So if a scientist wanted to study the microorganisms living on each side of a temperature gradient , the AUV would find the boundary , follow it , and pick the best spot to take samples .
" Were putting in priorities and letting this robotic system decide what is the best fit to give the scientist optimum use of the vehicle , " said Maughan .
Twenty - five miners were killed Monday after a coal mine explosion deep in the rugged hills of West Virginia , marking the worst U.S. mine disaster since 1984 and raising questions about safety precautions at one of the nation ’s largest coal producers .
The search for survivors at the Upper Big Branch mine was called off early Tuesday morning , although four miners remained unaccounted for , according to Jeff Gillenwater , spokesman for Massey Energy Co. , the mine owner .
Distraught families and others in the tight - knit Appalachian mining community wept and hugged nearby as rescue teams penetrated the deep shafts and dark tunnels , and as the death toll steadily rose through the long night .
The explosion about 3 p.m. Monday had disabled communication lines , including wireless systems , inside the vast underground complex , officials said .
Officials had raised hopes during the day that many of the missing miners might have used emergency escape routes to reach specially reinforced , airtight chambers that are stocked with food , water and air about a mile and a half below ground .
If so , the sites could sustain them for several days .
Officials said they did n’t yet know the cause of the accident .
But federal mine safety and health officials have repeatedly cited Massey , one of the nation ’s largest coal producers , and the mine ’s operator for potentially dangerous conditions , including venting of combustible methane gas .
Violations in recent weeks include cracking and collapsing of mine walls on Feb. 21 ; ventilation problems on March 17 , March 23 and March 30 ; drill dust on March 25 ; and inadequate air quality on March 23 ; according to U.S. records .
In the last year , federal inspectors have fined the company more than $ 382,000 for repeated serious violations involving its ventilation plan and equipment at the mine , the Associated Press reported .
At least nine mine rescue teams , state and federal officials , and distraught families had converged on the Appalachian mining town of Montcoal , about 30 miles south of Charleston , the state capital .
Elizabeth Pellegrin , a spokeswoman for the Charleston Area Medical Center , said one miner was flown in by helicopter at 6 p.m .
The miner was in intensive care , she said , and doctors were preparing for other patients .
“ We ’re hoping for more , ” Pellegrin said .
The mine employs about 200 people , but not all would have been underground on the afternoon shift .
President Obama offered his condolences to the families of the miners , according to the White House .
The president spoke by phone Monday night with Gov. Joe Manchin III and offered federal assistance in the rescue .
“ For those families who are still waiting for news on their missing loved ones , I want them to know that we are doing everything possible in cooperation with federal officials and the company to get our miners out as quickly and safely as possible , ” Manchin said in a statement released by his office .
“ We are all working diligently together and I ask that everyone pray for the miners , their families and our rescue teams , ” he added .
Earlier in the evening , Don Blankenship , Massey Energy ’s chairman and chief executive , confirmed seven deaths “ with a heavy heart . ”
He said the company would not release the names until next - of - kin were notified .
“ Our top priority is the safety of our miners and the well - being of their families , ” Blankenship said in a statement .
“ We are working diligently on rescue efforts and continue to partner with all of the appropriate agencies .
“ Our prayers go out to the families of the miners .
We want to assure the families of all the miners we are taking every action possible to locate and rescue those still missing , ” he said .
Kevin Stricklin , administrator for coal mine safety and health in the U.S. Department of Labor , told the Associated Press that seven men apparently were killed while riding out of the mine on a vehicle , and that two other men aboard the vehicle were injured .
Stricklin said officials do n’t believe the roof collapsed .
Jeff Gray , director of emergency services with the Central West Virginia Chapter of the American Red Cross , said officials were scrambling to get medical and mental health services to the site .
“ It ’s a very rural area , ” he said .
About seven miles from the mine , the First Baptist Church in Whitesville prepared sandwiches , hot dogs and soda for grieving families Monday evening , said Dennis Dye , a church deacon .
“ We ’re prepared for them to come and we want them to come , ” he said .
The mine , operated by Massey subsidiary Performance Coal Co. , produced 1.2 million tons of coal in 2009 , according to the Mine Safety and Health Administration .
Massey Energy says on its website that it has an above - average safety record , with three fatalities at the Upper Big Branch mine in the last 12 years .
In 1998 , a miner was killed when a support beam failed and dropped bags of cement mix onto him , according to the federal Mine Safety & Health Administration .
Federal investigators blamed poor welding and construction .
Another miner died there in 2001 when part of the mine ’s roof collapsed , and an electrician was accidentally electrocuted while repairing a shuttle car in 2003 .
Massey Energy is a publicly traded company based in Richmond , Va .
It has 2.2 billion tons of coal reserves in southern West Virginia , eastern Kentucky , southwest Virginia and Tennessee , according to the company ’s website .
bob.drogin@latimes.com
nicole.santacruz@ latimes.com
( Newser ) – A small town in Texas is reviving an old disciplinary technique : hitting students with paddles .
Temple lifted its ban on the practice last May .
Without paddling , " there were no consequences for kids , " says the head of the school board , who adds that high school students have become much better behaved — though only one student has been paddled so far .
Some locals applaud the move : " There are times when maybe a good crack might not be a bad idea , " one man tells the Washington Post .
Wait , is n't that illegal ?
Nope , not in Texas .
Corporal punishment is actually legal in 20 states .
Many critics , including the ACLU , say hitting kids is n't right .
Some lawmakers agree .
" The federal government has outlawed physical punishment in prisons , I think the time has come that we should do it in schools , " says Rep. Carolyn McCarthy , who is pushing for a ban .
( Read more corporal punishment stories . )
Posted by Big Gav in china , high speed rail , rail transport
Inhabitat has a post on an extremely ambitious Chinese plan to build high speed rail links to Europe - China To Connect Its High Speed Rail All The Way To Europe .
Remember the time when the US used to have enough ambition ( beyond invading foreign oil fields of course ) to attempt large scale engineering projects ?
China already has the most advanced and extensive high speed rail line in the world , and soon that network will be connected all the way to Europe and the UK !
With initial negotiations and surveys already complete , China is now making plans to connect its high speed rail line through 17 other countries in Asia and Eastern Europe in order to connect to the existing infrastructure in the EU .
Additional rail lines will also be built into South East Asia as well as Russia , in what will likely become the largest infrastructure project in history .
China hopes to complete this massive infrastructure project within 10 years , which will include three major rail lines running at speeds of 320 km / hour .
The first will go from King ’s Cross Station in London all the way to Beijing ( 8,100 km as the crow flies ) and will take approximately two days .
This line will also then extend down to Singapore .
A second HSR line will connect into Vietnam , Thailand , Burma and Malaysia .
The last line to be built will connect Germany to Russia , cross Siberia and then back into China .
The exact routes have yet to be determined .
Financing and planning for this monstrous project is actually being provided by China , who is already in serious negotiations with 17 countries to develop the project .
China states that other countries , like India , came to them first to get the project rolling , because of their experience in designing and building their own HSR network .
Financing for the infrastructure will be provided by China and in return the partnering nation will provide natural resources to China .
For instance , Burma , which is about to build its link , will exchange lithium ( used in batteries ) , in order for China to build the line .
China benefits because it will be able to transport materials cheaply into manufacturing centers inside its borders and the Eastern Hemisphere benefits by getting a fast , efficient , low carbon transportation system .
Considering China has already become the global leader in HSR , their leadership in this new venture could reasonably shift the balance of power in their direction .
Also , get ready for a huge influx of HSR station designs in the coming years .
As China 's cities fill with more people , there is some hard thought being put into how to move them around once the streets are saturated with all those new cars .
General Motors and its Chinese partner have a solution .
General Motors , which introduced a modified Segway at the New York Auto Show a year ago , is now trying out a similar kind of personal mobility scooter with its Chinese partner , Shanghai Automotive Industry Corp.
Group .
Looks a lot like last year 's buggy with a canopy thrown on .
It 's called the EN - V , or Electric Networked - Vehicle , and it was just shown in Shanghai .
It 's a two - seater developed from that Segway , which GM called the Personal Urban Mobility and Accessibility , or PUMA , at the time .
The body and canopy of EN - V are constructed from carbon fiber , custom - tinted Lexan and acrylic .
The EN - V gets its power from two electric motors -- one in each of its two driving - mode wheels .
It can literally " turn on a dime " and takes up only about the third of the space of a car .
In addition , everything in EN - V is drive - by - wire , supporting its ability to operate autonomously or under manual control .
The motors not only provide power for acceleration , but also bring the vehicle to a stop , GM says .
Other details from GM 's release :
Power for the motors is provided by lithium - ion batteries that produce zero emissions .
Recharging can occur from a conventional wall outlet using standard household power , allowing EN - V to travel at least 40 kilometers on a single charge .
EN - V can also improve the efficiency of the public electric infrastructure since the vehicle can communicate with the electric grid to determine the best time to recharge based on overall usage .
By combining the Global Positioning System ( GPS ) with vehicle - to - vehicle communications and distance - sensing technologies , the EN - V concept can be driven both manually and autonomously .
Its autonomous operating capability offers the promise of reducing traffic congestion by allowing EN - V to automatically select the fastest route based on real - time traffic information .
The concept also leverages wireless communications to enable a " social network " that can be used by drivers and occupants to communicate with friends or business associates while on the go .
The vehicle also has the ability to communicate with sensors in roadways and other infrastructure -- a technology that has been getting a lot of attention in Japan and the rest of Asia .
Advertisement
If you like getting the most use out of your possessions as possible , this guide will help you turn a hooded sweatshirt into a laptop bag , baby carrier , and more .
Over at the design site Conceptual Devices , they have a project called Just Undo
It that emphasizes the use of common objects in new and versatile ways .
Check out the video below to see how they turn a hooded sweatshirt into a laptop bag :
In addition to the laptop bag video they have multiple photo tutorials available at the link below — including one for the laptop bag for those of you at a YouTube - unfriendly location .
Check out the full site for guides on how to make a pillow , carryall , laptop bag , baby carrier , and more .
Advertisement
Just Undo It [ Conceptual Devices via Digital Inspiration ]
Why Commission an Oil Painting When You Can Be Rendered in Hair ?
| Craftastrophe
The seller is n’t clear on whether she creates these from actual hair or simply from photos of hair , but she is clear that the process of creating your likeness out of hair takes 2 - 5 weeks ( which makes me lean optimistically toward actually hair ) and that you will receive a glossy print out , ranging from size A4 – A0 .
The web is a generally free place , but some sites and services want to make it annoying to navigate and enjoy .
Stream any video you 'd like , see the sites you need , and get at services you thought were down with these tips .
Advertisement
Photo by chidorian .
10 . Skip Past Annoying User / Pass Requests
Advertisement
Closed betas , deleted cookies , and over - eager marketing firms want you to log into just about every site on the net .
If you 're just stopping by to read a story or browse around , the time - tested site BugMeNot often has a quickie user / pass combo you can use to log in , along with a Firefox add - on that can do the checking and logging in for you .
BugMeNot has gotten a little soft - hearted since its early days , and will sometimes block posting of login details for sites that request it , but is often a handy resource for those who need to wipe their browser or last logged in a long time ago .
( Original post )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
9. Read Articles That Rupert Murdoch Wants You Paying For
Advertisement
Many news sites have a curious relationship with web traffic , including the Wall Street Journal .
They do n't want you stopping by and browsing what 's available , but when they 've got a scoop to share , they 'll go ahead and open a side door for the masses .
You can jump in through that side door at most any time using Google News , which most news sites offer at least one click - through to .
The simple way , as Digital Inspiration explains , is to simply copy the URL of any article you 're looking to read at the Journal or elsewhere , and then paste it into Google .
The first result should usually get you right where you 're trying to go .
Otherwise , head to Google News and enter either a site - specific ( site:wsj.com ) or source - specific ( source:wall_street_journal ) operator , then type in your search terms .
It 's an oldie , but a goodie .
( Original post )
Advertisement
8. Change User Agents to Get Around Browser Blocks
Advertisement
Want a peek at what Gmail on the iPad looks like , or get around sites that pretend Internet Explorer is the only browser that works ?
You should switch up your user agent , the string of text that a browser identifies itself to sites with .
Firefox users can install User Agent Switcher for the easy fix , while Safari has a user agent changer built in .
Chrome can change its user agent string , too , and other browsers usually have some kind of work - around available .
Next time you hear about coffee shops offering up free Wi-Fi to iPhone users , feel free to take advantage .
Advertisement
7. Get to Gmail When It's Down
Advertisement
When bloggers , Twitter addicts , and Gmail fans go nuts over " Gmail being down , " they often mean that the standard web interface is n't loading in their browser .
The Gmail team itself has recommended using an IMAP client when Gmail is n't loading , and the How - To Geek has quite a few other work - arounds to recommend , including keeping a link to Gmail 's HTML - only and mobile versions handy .
Advertisement
6. Get Actually Usable BitTorrent Speeds
Advertisement
The distributed nature of BitTorrent makes it a reliable means to downloading files — unless your broadband internet provider , or your router , does n't want to play ball .
We 've detailed the best ways to set up your software , router , and connections in our beginner and intermediate guides to BitTorrent .
If it seems like your corporate net provider is the issue , Wired has a guide to outwitting your torrent - stifling ISP .
You might not get top - notch speeds with such work - arounds , but you will get downloads that work .
( Original post )
A Beginner 's Guide to BitTorrent From your geeky roommates who eat up your internet connection at all hours of the night to your …
Read more
Advertisement
5. Get to Sites Taken Down by Traffic
Advertisement
You 've just found the coolest new site — unfortunately , so has everybody else on the net .
When a site goes down , you can try seeing if Google has a recent cache of that page ( by searching for something like cache : lifehacker.com , or try the Coral Content Distribution Network , which has proxies and nameservers and all kinds of geeky network stuff all over the globe , grabbing images of sites on a regular basis .
To see what Coral has available , just add .nyud . net to the end of any URL — so lifehacker.com.nyud.net shows what Coral can grab from Lifehacker .
It 's a fairly solid bet , especially if a site or page has been around for any length of time , and it beats hitting refresh every five minutes for two hours .
But for the full spectrum of page - saving options , the Resurrect Pages Firefox add - on offers both Google and Coral 's cache , along with a handful of other page - saving services , so you can likely get lucky with one of them .
( Original posts : Coral Cache , Resurrect Pages )
Advertisement
4. Control Computers at Home
Advertisement
Your DSL or cable company does not want you serving up a web site or running a game server from your house .
That does n't mean you can't occasionally jump into your home computer to grab some choice music , shut it down , or stream some great video to a hotel room without much on .
The basics involve setting up your router for port forwarding , using DynDNS to give your home network a domain name , and , if you want total control , using VNC to remote control your computers .
It 's not exactly a plug - and - play job , but once you 're done , you 'll feel like you 've got one of those secret tunnels back to your home , the kind you turn over a rock and type a code into an embedded keypad to access .
Advertisement
3. Download YouTube and Other Flash Videos
Advertisement
Every company wants to stream video on the web , but few want their viewers to download it — even if the server hit is about the same , and it 's already in the cache , anyways .
To get at YouTube and other streaming video sites ' goods , the How - To Geek wrote up a complete guide to ripping and converting Flash videos .
Among the recommendations : YouTube Downloader or the Get YouTube Video bookmarklet , along with the old Vixy . net webapp standby .
If Hulu 's where you want to grab from , StreamTransport is , at the moment , working for that purpose .
For conversion to nearly any format once the download 's done , try the Format Factory .
Advertisement
2. Access Country - Blocked Streaming TV
Advertisement
Want to watch Top Gear from Tucson ?
Hulu from Halifax ?
Find a good proxy in the country that 's intended to watch the content , set up your browser to use it , and you 're on your way .
Commenter hengehog laid out the process of setting up either Firefox or Chrome with proxy add - ons in a step - by - step gallery , so we can all see what the fuss about this new Doctor Who is about .
Advertisement
1. Roll Your Own Proxy to Access Blocked Sites
More professionally maintained proxies ( covered elsewhere here ) get you your favorite shows , and the Tor project can make your browsing anonymous enough to get past certain web road blocks .
For a lighter , home - rolled solution that gives you occasional access to a more reading - based blog or site , consider making your own proxy .
You can set one up on the same space you maintain for a personal site with PHProxy .
Lacking for server space ?
No problem — set up a proxy on Google Apps Engine , or run a proxy server from your home computer .
Either way , you 'll get good - enough access to sites that work may have blocked , but you occasionally need access to .
( Original posts : PHProxy , Google App Engine ) .
Advertisement
What 's the go - between , work - around tool you use every day , at work or home ?
What little tricks or software have helped you work past artificial walls ?
We want to hear all about your clever means in the comments .
The Other Guys
Two mismatched New York City detectives ( Ferrell and Wahlberg ) seize an opportunity to step up like the city 's top cops whom they idolize -- only things do n't quite go as planned .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The mortgage chief of the United States ’ second largest bank was mobbed by angry borrowers on Tuesday after he invited customers to speak to him if they feared foreclosure of their homes .
The JPMorgan Chase &
Co executive was at a congressional hearing in Washington when a lawmaker asked him who mortgage borrowers could turn to if they felt his bank ’s employees were not helping them hold onto their homes .
“ Come to me , ” said David Lowman , chief executive for JPMorgan Chase & Co ’s home mortgage business in response to the question from Massachusetts Democrat Barney Frank .
Minutes later , around 50 borrowers burst from the audience and presented Lowman with a 6 - page document alleging his bank reneged on a pledge to help struggling homeowners .
The activist who organized the protest said Lowman did not want to talk and left the hearing .
“ He ran .
He ran like a dog with its tail between his legs , ” said Bruce Marks of the Neighborhood Assistance Corporation of America ( NACA ) , which helps homeowners avoid foreclosure .
“ He was scared to death because he does n’t really want to talk to homeowners . ”
The incident is symptomatic of frustrations among U.S. homeowners as defaults and foreclosure filings dominate the housing sector more than three years after the property bubble began to deflate .
NACA organizes events where borrowers try to get loan modifications with lenders .
The group says JPMorgan signed up to the NACA program but dropped out in December .
A JPMorgan spokesman declined to comment on the complaint .
More and more I realize that good software design minimizes the amount of things you have to care about at any one time .
Well - designed programs take advantage of abstraction possibilities of languages and libraries to model the problem and its solution in the most effective way .
Well - designed languages minimize the syntactic concerns necessary to produce those abstractions .
I unsurprising news , the default Perl 5 object system shows its limits in that you have to think about Perl 5 reference syntax and objects and encapsulation , genericity , abstraction , and polymorphism all at once .
Moose encourages people to do the right thing by providing abstractions that encapsulate the concerns of other levels of abstraction .
Inside - out objects did something similar .
I realized this yesterday when writing about the state feature introduced in Perl 5.10 .
If you 're a fan of minimalist languages which provide one and only one obvious way to do things , you 'll hate this explanation , but at least you 'll know why you 're wrong .
state declares a lexical variable which maintains its state even after control flow leaves its lexical scope .
In other words , these two snippets of code are almost entirely equivalent :
# the closure approach { my $ count = 0 ; sub add_user { my ( $user , % data ) = @_ ; $ data{user_id} = $ count + + ; ... } } # the state approach use feature ' state ' ; sub add_user { state $ count = 0 ; my ( $user , % data ) = @_ ; $ data{user_id} = $ count + + ; ... }
The one potential difference is that the initialization of $ count in the first example must take place before the first call to add_user ( ) .
If you 're careful to avoid that tiny potential trap , you can achieve the same effect with the closure code .
Scheme and Python and even Java fans rejoice for a moment .
Okay , that 's long enough .
The problem is that — just as with arguing that you do n't need fold because you have a for loop with iteration — that line of thinking ignores the fact that the syntactic overhead necessary to make the former example work is too high .
Adding a single keyword to achieve the same semantics and avoid that tiny little trap also makes the resulting code more expressive .
It 's more declarative .
There 's nothing wrong with the goal of a language with a minimal feature set .
That 's a fine goal , but it can't be the most important goal , and it can't be a goal in isolation .
That 's because sometimes adding a feature lets you remove unnecessary scaffolding .
I believe that it 's better to pursue concision than artificial simplicity in program and language design .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Lib Dem leader Nick Clegg has hit back at suggestions that a vote for his party would only benefit his rivals .
Polls suggested growing Lib Dem support after the first prime ministerial TV debate , leading Labour and the Tories to claim the party could not win power .
But Mr Clegg , spelling out his party 's policies in Wales , said that such an attack was " what political parties always do when they get desperate " .
He wants to cut government spending by £ 3.1 bn to fund a " green jobs " scheme .
This includes bringing 250,000 empty UK homes back into use - including 10,000 in Wales - and providing grants and loans to improve the energy efficiency of homes and schools .
The party also wants to invest in dockyard areas to allow them to manufacture wind turbines for off - shore power generation and to guarantee internships or training for young people unemployed for 90 days .
However , much of the press conference was dominated by questions over the Lib Dems ' election prospects .
' Fluidity ' Conservative leader David Cameron is warning that voting Lib Dem would lead to an ineffective hung Parliament or the country being " stuck " with Labour .
And ministers are seeking to emphasise that the choice for government is between Labour and the Tories , with analysis of opinion polls suggesting that even if the Lib Dems get the largest share of the vote , Labour could still win the most seats .
But Mr Clegg told Monday 's briefing the election campaign had brought a new " fluidity " to politics and that growing numbers of people were considering voting differently .
" To ... repeat this tired old claim that a vote for the Liberal Democrats is a vote for another party , misses , in my view , the blindingly obvious which says that a vote for the Liberal Democrats is exactly what it says on the tin - it is a vote for the Liberal Democrats . "
He pointed to his party 's growing influence on councils in major cities outside London , saying Labour was " in effect non-existent " in much of the south and that the Tories had little support in many inner cities .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 April 7
Venus and Mercury in the West
Image Credit & Copyright : Manu Arregi Biziola
Explanation :
In this twilight skyview , a windmill stands in silent witness to a lovely pairing of planets in the west .
The picture was recorded on April 5 from Gallegos del Campo , Zamora , Spain .
Venus ( left ) and Mercury ( right ) are near their much anticipated conjunction in the early evening sky .
But even in the coming days , these two evening stars will remain close in the western sky at sunset .
In fact , with brighter Venus as a marker , sky watchers will have an excellent guide for spotting Mercury nearby , a planet often hidden in the Sun 's glare .
How to mock out jQuery and Raphael
Most people are in agreement now that testing is a good thing .
But most any JavaScript developer out there will tell you that testing browser - dependent code ( jQuery , Raphael , etc. ) can be a pain .
You usually have to concede to running your tests in the browser , or spend lots time of pounding out env.js bugs to get something headless running .
But here at Hoopla , Trotter and I have found a very happy middle ground .
As outlined in his post , it ’s trivial to make a simple mock Raphael that satisfies your code and allows you to test what got called .
But in practice , maintaining these mock classes gets repetitive quickly .
So I wrote recorderMock.js , which makes it easy to create full - featured mock objects for things like jQuery , Raphael and any other library that does n’t run outside of the browser .
Say you wanted to test some code that used jQuery to resize a div :
$ ( " #display " ) . width ( someComputed Width ) . height ( someComputed Height ) ;
I think I just heard your inner tester say “ oh shit . ”
Worry no longer my friend .
Building a mock for this with recorderMock is super simple .
Just put this in your setup code .
$ = recorderMock ( " width " , " height " ) ;
You can even check that they got called with the right values :
expect ( $ . height .
__calls [ 0 ]. arguments ) . to ( eql , [ 250 ] ) ; // or expect ( $ . height .
__calls .
last .
arguments ). to ( eql , [ 250 ] ) ;
And specifying return values is only slightly more complicated .
Say you want to return mock html for different DOM elements :
this .
startDate = $ ( " # start - date " ) . html ( ) ; this .
endDate = $ ( " #end-date " ) . html ( ) ;
Mock it out like this :
$ = recorderMock ( " html " ) ; $ . html .
__returns ( function ( call ) { var selector = call .
previous .
arguments [ 0 ] ; return { " #start - date " : " January 1st , 2010 " , " #end-date " : " January 31st , 2010 " }[ selector ] ; } ) ;
Need a basic mock of Raphael ?
Just use this :
Raphael = recorderMock ( " path " , " rect " , " text " , " attr " , " init " , " push " , " set " , " hide " , " show " , " animate " , " animateWith " , " rotate " , " translate " , " setSize " ) ;
So there you have it .
You can indeed test browser - related code outside a browser .
And it ’s pretty easy .
recorderMock has a handful of other tricks , and I ’ll probably be adding more soon , so keep an eye on the specs for examples on how to use it more fully .
Update 2010 -05-06 :
I just released version 0.3.0 which includes better support for inspecting the call chain .
The above examples have been updated to reflect the API changes and enhancements .
Sorry , but comments are powered by Disqus which requires JavaScript .
Feel free to email me any thoughts you may have .
A SNAKE - obsessed adventurer has embarked on a dangerous solo expedition into the wilderness without food and extra clothing , telling authorities not to search for him should he not return .
Andrew Ucles , who calls himself the Snake Hunter , set off on foot from his Wollongong home a fortnight ago aiming for a 100 - day trek to an undisclosed location in Queensland .
Desperate to raise awareness of conservation and wildlife issues , Mr Ucles , who names Steve Irwin as his hero , went against the advice of his friends and family to tackle the high - risk expedition .
Armed with just a tent , hunting knife , kayak and a video camera , Mr Ucles is determined to live off the land .
Close friend Alee Hadaya said Mr Ucles had no food or spare clothing with him , but would survive on what he finds in the bush .
" His greatest fear was people would try and stop him because it's a high - risk mission , " Mr Hadaya said .
In a video recorded just before he took off , and posted on YouTube , Mr Ucles urged authorities not to rescue him should something go wrong .
" This is a personal choice of his , he 'd prefer any money spent on rescuing him to go to Australian wildlife conservation , " Mr Hadaya said .
Mr Ucles , who recently completed a science degree through the University of Western Sydney , has been a wildlife activist since a young age .
" He knows what he is doing , he is very experienced ... he 's carried out some practice missions in the bush before he left , catching rabbits and fish , " Mr Hadaya said .
Family and friends have not heard from the wildlife activist since he left two weeks ago , but will have to wait 100 days to see if he survives .
Mr Ucles posted a Facebook update on March 18 that read : " One decision can bring change , one step can start a journey , one person can make an impact .
This is The Snake Hunter signing off . "
If he survives in the bush , Mr Ucles is expected to make a documentary of his expedition , in a bid to raise awareness of wildlife and conservation .
CHICAGO GOP : “ It is hard to decide whether CPS has become a radical political organization or an ideological enforcement outfit straight out of North Korea , ”
Having received complaints from parents of Chicago schoolchildren , today the Chicago Republican Party decried the attempts of Chicago Public Schools to inject Critical Race Theory into private homes across Chicago with a “ Say Their Names Tookits ” to parents without any request or invitation in reaction to last week 's Breanna Taylor grand jury decision .
“ It is outrageous that CPS would be arrogant enough to seek to direct parents on how to ‘ talk to their children ” , especially when the package is nothing short of an ideological indoctrination course , ” said Chairman Steve Boulton .
“ We need many conversations about race in America today , but this radical view is not constructive . ”
The “ toolkit ” is attached to a mass email to parents from “ Chicago Public Schools ” signed by CEO Janice Jackson .
The “ Tookit ” is directed to just one issue , “ anti-racism ” and initially refers parents to a piece in which describes teaching as “ an act of resistance ” while asserting that teachers “ stand in a powerful and political position ” while describing how topics like literature , history and science all must be turned to the topic of racial history .
The toolkit contains links to no less than 50 different publications , all of which focus on only one topic , racism , with documents such as “ The American Nightmare , ” “ Violent Protests Are Not the Story , Police Violence Is ” ; “ Ending Curriculum Violence ” , “ Teaching Young Children About Bias ” ; “ The Urgent Need Media for Anti-Racist Education . ”
It also contains a link to a New York Times “ timeline ” on the Breanna Taylor shooting that conveniently omits a crucial fact from the press conference of Kentucky Attorney General Daniel Cameron : at least one witness confirmed that the police did announce the raid and was it was not “ no knock . ”
“ It is hard to decide whether CPS has become a radical political organization or an ideological enforcement outfit straight out of North Korea , ” stated Boulton .
“ Either way , CPS needs fundamental reform from top to bottom to concentrate on education , not socio-political theories of its leadership . ”
###
Up to six NHL teams , reports the Globe and Mail , may have already received an advance on tv money and revenue sharing that is not normally distributed until September or October .
David Shoalts at the Globe and Mail named the Stars as a likely recipient , and cited a blog at Sportsnet.ca by John Shannon as the impetus for his column :
It 's hardly surprising , if true , given what we know about Hicks Sports Group 's busy , busy 2010 .
The troublesome part is that it 's starting to conjure memories of last summer when the Texas Rangers were supposedly unable to properly tend to the grass in their outfield because the budget for that kind of work had run out ...
( Though as Ludwig 's Mullet pointed out in the comments , this may have just been a seed / weather issue and those stories were exaggerations .
Still ... )
Then came word in July that Major League Baseball had loaned as much as $ 15 million to the Rangers to help , and later it was found out that was possibly the first of many such payments until a buyer could be found for the team .
Things with the Stars have certainly not deteriorated that far .
Yet .
The important thing to remember about this supposed " advance " ...
Is that it 's just that : An advance .
An advance on money they were going to eventually get anyway , and it's a common occurrence in the NHL for at least one or two teams to want that money sooner rather than later .
They still have n't reached Texas Rangers proportions of the league just loaning money willy - nilly to help cover losses ;
A place the New York Islanders may soon find themselves if that Globe and Mail column is to be believed .
Still , it 's troublesome to see the Stars on that list with those kinds of franchises .
9 out of 10 times in life , if you see someone asking for an advance on their paycheck , it 's not going to end well .
Pretty soon they 'll be asking us to clean up our own trash on the way out of the AAC , and calling the visiting teams to ask " Hey , can you guys bring the game pucks ?
and any spare rolls of tape you might have lying around ? "
I kid .
For some good news , see NHL.com for a cool piece on Stars prospect Mathieu Tousignant .
JRuby - Prof is a new JRuby specific profiler by Daniel Lucraft .
While there are many mature profilers for Java available , JRuby 's mixed execution mode makes their output hard to read ; some JRuby code is interpreted , some JRuby hot spots are JIT compiled to bytecode .
With a Java profiler , JRuby 's internal methods will show up in the profiles , hogging all the top spots in the profile output , when the user actually only wants to know how often which Ruby methods are invoked .
JRuby - prof uses JRuby 's hooks to get information about events like method invocation , etc .
Hooks are a more efficient way of implementing a profiler , at least compared to the simple method of set_trace_func , where a callback function is called before a line is executed .
JRuby - prof is available as a Gem :
jruby - S gem install jruby - prof
The source code for JRuby - prof is available at GitHub .
A new addition to JRuby is the JRuby :: Synchronized module .
Charles Nutter explains the idea behind JRuby :: Synchronized on the jruby - user list :
After talking with MenTaLguY on IRC about adding some concurrent collections to JRuby , we came up with a new feature for people to try out :
require ' jruby /synchronized '
class MyClass include JRuby :: Synchronized ...
or
obj.extend JRuby :: Synchronized
the effect of including or extending this new module is that all method calls against that class 's object ( or against that now - singleton object ) will act like they 're wrapped in a Java synchronized block .
No two threads will be able to execute methods against those objects at the same time ( on a per- object basis , obviously ) .
It 's an experiment with providing concurrency tools for JRuby - what others would you like to see ?
Magic has been around for hundreds of years and since the greats like Houdini , many more magicians have set about changing the face of magic .
This is the list of the 10 greatest magic tricks ever televised .
They are the writer ’s own opinion and are based upon the idea of the trick , the execution , entertainment value , professionalism , and shock factor involved .
10 Richard Ross Linking Rings
Richard Ross was a Dutch magician well known for his brilliant sleight of hand ability , as well as appearing to be almost as surprised as the audience by the tricks he was performing .
This airing of the trick was in 1983 .
Keep a close eye on the rings as they intersect and come away from each other ; while being a simple routine , it is , by any standards , flawless .
If you like this one you will also like his Multiplying Clocks .
9 David Blaine Teeth
David Blaine is a well known illusionist and endurance artist , famous for his high – profile feats of endurance and numerous street magic series and television appearances .
He has been hailed as the modern day Houdini .
In this trick , he pulls a girl ’s teeth out before making them reappear in her mouth when he blows on her .
This will shock you .
8 Paul Daniels Chop Cup
Paul Daniels is an English magician who has had success through various TV performances , programs , and live shows .
Chop Cup , is fast , interactive and incredibly entertaining .
As Paul Daniels says in the clip , it took him near to 300 performances to get it right , and the effort shows .
The sleight of hand is perfect and the work of a master .
7 Harry Blackstone Jr Floating Lightbulb
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZaE-7JYnyjY
Harry Blackstone Jr , son of Harry Blackstone Sr ( also known as “ The Great Blackstone ” ) , sadly died in 1997 .
His father was born way back in 1885 and between them , the pair had been presenting magical performances for a long time .
The clip is from his act ‘ The Floating Lightbulb ’ , which shows a lightbulb , lit , with no means of electricity , floating around the stage and the audience for examination .
6 Lance Burton Doves
A master of magic , William Lance Burton now performs nightly in Las Vegas but his career has featured numerous television performances featuring brilliant feats of magic .
He is an award winning magician from Louisville , Kentucky , and started performing magic at age 5 .
His dove act has been chosen for the sheer professionalism and skill with which he performs the illusions .
5 Criss Angel Walking on water
Criss Angel is the darkest magician on this list , famous for his television shows Mindfreak , Believe and Phenomenon .
He is well known for his spin on the darker side of magic performing tricks such as pulling a woman in half , and getting himself run over by a steam roller live on air .
In this illusion , he attempts to show a pool of people he can walk on water and does so whilst they watch and swim around and under him .
4 David Copperfield Vanishing Statue of Liberty
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VAEw-gtDkO4&feature=player_embedded
By magician ’s standards , making an object disappear is either a simple case of deception , illusion , sleight of hand or misdirection .
That ’s fine for say , a card , or a piece of jewelry , but what about something bigger ?
Siegfried and Roy were made famous in Vegas for their vanishing elephant illusion but Copperfield thought he would take it a step further and make the Statue of Liberty in New York City , disappear .
It has to be seen to be believed .
3 The Pendragons Metamorphosis
The Pendragons are a husband and wife team of magicians from America .
They are well known for their fast and dangerous illusions .
In 2006 , Jonathan Pendragon fell on an arrow while rehearsing a dangerous bow and arrow trick .
The arrow pierced his liver , stomach and heart , but since , he has made a full recovery .
Their metamorphosis illusion is regarded as the fastest trick in history .
2 Penn and Teller Bullet Catch
Featured before on Listverse , Penn and Teller ’s bullet catch is not only incredibly dangerous but also incredibly brilliant .
They mix Penn ’s enthusiasm with Teller ’s muteness perfectly and mix in subtle humor which makes the act highly enjoyable .
1 David Copperfield Death Saw
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h0_VSBA4FQI&feature=player_embedded
David Copperfield is officially the most successful magician in history , selling over 40 million tickets to shows and grossing over $ 1 billion to date .
He has 10 Guinness World Records , has 20 Emmy awards , a Living Legend award and numerous others , as well as being the first living magician to have a star on the Hollywood walk of fame .
His success however , is n’t the reason he has bagged the number one stop on this list .
His tricks are larger , more impressive and more dramatic than any other magician , and he has the on stage presence , charisma , and movements which has made him the archetype for great magicians all around the world .
WikiLeaks cracks video of second US massacre
WikiLeaks plans to post video showing US massacre of Afghani civilians
The whisteblower website WikiLeaks -- which exploded onto the national stage earlier this month after it released a video recording showing US servicemembers shooting two reporters and six others to death -- says they plan to release another , even more harrowing clip .
Collateral Murder was the title give to the project which released the video earlier this month and can be viewed by going to the following link :
http://collateralmurder.com/
Now , this new clip about to be released will show previously classified footage from US warplanes that had been tapped to bomb Taliban positions in Farah province , Afghanistan last year .
Adds the UK Telegraph : " The Afghan government said at the time that the strikes by F - 18 and B1 planes near Granai killed 147 civilians .
An independent Afghan inquiry later put the toll at 86 . "
" Video footage of the strike could prove highly damaging to the Nato - led coalition if it showed pilots failing to safeguard civilian lives , " the paper continues .
The earlier video showing two Reuters cameramen being shot appears at the bottom of this report .
Viewer discretion is advised , as the clip is graphic .
As recently as today , Afghanis protested the deaths of four other civilians who were killed when US forces fired on a bus on Monday .
About 200 men took to the streets of Kandahar to demonstrate over the killings on a highway outside the southern Afghan city , burning tires and shouting " death to America , death to Karzai , death to this government " .
Hours later , three Taliban militants wearing suicide vests and carrying guns tried to storm the office of Afghanistan 's premier spy agency in Kandahar , sparking a shoot - out with security forces .
The incidents reflected chronic insecurity in the province of Kandahar , where US - led military forces are preparing a major push to dislodge the Taliban from their spiritual capital .
The Afghan government said a woman and a child were among the dead and 18 others were wounded in the shooting , which occurred when the bus neared a NATO convoy on the highway linking Kandahar and the western province of Herat .
This video is from WikiLeaks , released to the press on April 5 , 2010 .
ENDS
© Scoop Media
Feb. 16 , 1980 : New Wave rock is a cult phenomenon that is on its way out , says AOR radio consultant Lee Abrams .
" With the exception of the Boomtown Rats , the Police and a few other bands , we 're not going to be seeing many of the New Wave circuit acts happening very big over here ( in America ) .
As a movement , we do n't expect it to have much influence . "
Patrick Goldstein says : " This may mean bad news for fans of acts such as the Clash , Elvis Costello and the Talking Heads , who have begun to enjoy regular airplay on many AOR stations . "
In the 1990s Bill Geerhart was an unemployed , not - so aspiring screenwriter in his 30s .
To pass the time , he channeled his inner child , 10 - year - old Billy , and started writing letters to famous and infamous people and institutions .
These letters , written in pencil on elementary school ruled paper , asked funny but relevant questions to politicians , serial killers , movie stars , lobbyists , CEOs , and celebrity lawyers .
Geerhart saved copies of his letters and the replies he got back .
This week , Harper Collins published them in a book called Little Billy 's Letters : An Incorrigible Inner Child 's Correspondence with the Famous , Infamous , and Just Plain Bewildered .
The publisher gave us permission to run some of our favorites .
Enjoy !
Buy Little Billy 's Letters on Amazon | Visit Harper Collins site for Little Billy 's Letters
The National Hobo Association believes that " unlike tramps or bums , the hoboes are usually very resourceful , self reliant and appreciative people . "
Susan Atkins is a convicted murderer former member of the Manson Family .
When she died in prison in 2009 , she was the longest - incarcerated female inmate in the California penal system , having been denied parole 18 times .
Robert Shapiro was a member of O.J. Simpson 's " dream team " of defense lawyers .
The Catholic Church is the world 's largest Christian church , with more than a billion members .
Caesars Palace is a hotel and casino in Las Vegas , Nevada .
CANNABIS CULTURE –
An extensive study by Canadian researchers has concluded that “ tough on crime ” prohibition laws proposed by Stephen Harper and the Conservative Party will have no effect on drug supply and may boost rates of violence in the country .
In “ a systematic review of all available English - language scientific literature ” , researchers at the Urban Health Research Initiative , a program of the BC Centre for Excellence in HIV / AIDS , examined “ the impacts of drug law enforcement on drug market violence ” , according to a media bulletin released today .
“ Widespread drug - related violence in places like Mexico and the US , as well as the gun violence we are increasingly seeing on Canadian streets , appears to be directly attributable to drug prohibition , ” said co-author Dr. Evan Wood , a BC - CfE researcher .
“ Prohibition drives up the value of these substances astronomically , thereby creating lucrative markets exploited by organized crime .
Any disruption of these markets through drug law enforcement seems to have the perverse effect of creating financial opportunities for organized crime groups , and gun violence often ensues . ”
The peer - reviewed study analyzed 15 international reports examining “ the impact of drug law enforcement on violence ” , according to the UHRI .
“ Contrary to the prevailing belief that drug law enforcement reduces violence , 87 % of the studies ( 13 studies ) observed that drug law enforcement was associated with increasing levels of drug market violence , ” the group reports .
The study , which confirms what drug policy reformers have been repeating Ad nauseam for years , appears just days after Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper appeared on YouTube defending his harsh drug policies and answering questions about marijuana prohibition , which dominated an online poll of reader - submitted questions .
Harper admitted that the drug trade leads to “ unimaginable violence and intimidation ” and “ the destruction of social systems , of families , of governmental institutions , the corruption of police forces ” , and said he was “ frustrated by how little impact governments have been able to have on the drug trade internationally . ”
But instead of recognizing the simple fact , repeated in study after study , that drug prohibition creates the illegal market that fuels this violence and corruption , Harper said we should keep pouring millions into a system that does n’t work because “ drugs are bad ” .
“ Now , you know , I know some people say if you just legalized it , you know , you ’d get the money and all would be well , ” he said .
“ But I think that rests on the assumption that somehow drugs are bad because they ’re illegal .
The reason drugs …it ’s not that .
The reason drugs are illegal is because they are bad .
And even if these things were legalized , I can predict with a lot of confidence that these would never be respectable businesses run by respectable people . ”
The new study shows that Harper and his Conservative Party goons are , yet again , on the wrong side of the scientific debate .
Researchers at UHRI pointed directly to the Conservative government ’s proposed crime legislation in their announcement of the study :
The review notes that drug prohibition has created a massive global illicit drug market , with an estimated annual value of US $ 320 billion .
Several of the studies reviewed suggested that violence stems from power vacuums created by the removal of key players from the illicit drug market by law enforcement .
As police use increasingly sophisticated methods to disrupt drug distribution networks , levels of drug - related violence may rise .
The report ’s findings are also significant in the context of Bill C - 15 , which is currently before Parliament and would introduce mandatory minimum sentences for drug convictions .
Research shows that similar sentencing policies in the United States have been ineffective in curbing the drug trade and have imposed a staggering tax burden through the escalating costs of incarceration .
Despite the renewed emphasis on law enforcement in Canada ’s new National Anti-Drug Strategy and the proposal to implement mandatory minimum sentences for drug law violations , the evidence base to support these measures has not yet been articulated .
“ In the era of evidence - based public policy , it is remarkable that the federal government is proposing extremely costly interventions , such as mandatory minimum sentences , without any discussion of their costs or likely impacts on crime , ” said Dr. Thomas Kerr , a BC - CfE researcher and co-author of the report .
“ This review clearly demonstrates that while these interventions will place an enormous burden on the taxpayer , they are unlikely to reduce crime and may actually increase violence in our communities . ”
The report recommends that alternative models of drug control be considered if drug supply and drug - related violence are to be meaningfully reduced .
Read the entire study or a one page summary .
There is the sexism of a " potential backer " inviting you to go yachting by sending a naked photo of himself on the boat , or being mistaken for a secretary .
And then there is the " women do n't raise their hands " conundrum .
Advertisement
It 's been a big week for discussions of women in technology and start - ups , spurred by a big New York Times story on the lack of high - ranking women in Silicon Valley and a New York Magazine 's piece on New York - area startups touching on the male domination of the scene ( the author , occasional Jezebel contributor Doree Shafrir , says in the piece she 's recommended tech meetups to single female friends . )
The stories and issues recounted in both will be familiar to anyone who has paid attention to the issues of women in business — the roles of women in tech entrepreneurship being a sort of ur - example of those issues , given how few women pursue careers in the field and decide to strike it on their own .
But there is the type of thing that makes good copy , like these anecdotes from the Times piece :
She learned how to handle male - dominated pitches early in her career , when Rivals.com was buying another start - up .
She was in the conference room , pouring a cup of coffee , when the other company 's executives and lawyers walked in .
They proceeded to discuss the lowest bid they would accept , as if she was n't there .
" They assumed I was the admin , " or secretary , she says .
When the group sat down to negotiate , she adds , " Their faces went white as ghosts . "
Advertisement
And
She recalls one venture capitalist telling her that it did n't matter that she did n't have business cards , because all they would say was " Mom .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
... and then there are the blurrier issues — who gets mentored , who gets funded , choosing stability over the vicissitudes of startup culture — that do n't look like outright exclusion , but are still contributing to the lack of women working in this field .
And while plenty of women have faced such outright discrimination of the former , the latter is undoubtedly more prevalent .
It 's those more subtle factors that make it hard to know where to start .
Here 's what media consultant ( and former Gawker editor ) Elizabeth Spiers wrote in response to the New York piece :
The problem is n't funding , it 's a lack of female entrepreneurs .
( And it 's a little ironic that some of the people complaining are n't willing to start — or at least have n't started — companies themselves . )
Every female entrepreneur I know shopping for funding right now is getting meetings and commitments .
But there are n't too many of them .
I think one reason for this is that women are socialized to be more cautious about risk taking .
And setting up the average startup is usually a lot more risk intensive than starting a blog and putting up some Google ad sense links .
It 's being responsible for a weekly payroll , dealing with crap like benefits administration and renegotiating your leases , managing investor expectations while doing additional fundraising , and so on ...
If you 're a woman and unhappy that the tech scene looks the way it does , go start your own company .
Put up or shut up .
Advertisement
Not only are women " socialized to be more cautious about risk - taking , " they 're often looking down the line at completely different expectations of family life , ones that make joining a larger company rather entrepreneurship more appealing .
Here 's one woman in The New York Times :
Ms. Vijayashanker is starting her company now , partly because she wants to have a family in a few years and says the tech start - up lifestyle is n't hospitable to child - rearing .
That 's why , she says , many young women prefer working at big companies to starting their own .
" Girls have certain family goals they want to accomplish , " she says .
" Working 60 hours a week is difficult because it requires a life sacrifice . "
Advertisement
Another woman tells the Times that she did n't go into engineering because " I need more human interaction . "
And on the more social ends of the tech industry in its various pockets , where networking happens , that human interaction can often be within a pretty narrow sphere .
Here 's Elizabeth Stark , who teaches about tech issues at Yale , in New York :
If we just keep it status quo , for all the reasons defined in these self - reinforcing networks , they will stay self - reinforcing with the white , geeky , male , Stanford / Harvard - dropout types .
And that 's who a lot of the V.C. 's are investing in .
If I had a bunch of money , I would start a firm for women tomorrow . "
Advertisement
In a follow - up piece in The Huffington Post , Stark writes that she herself fell prey to that self - reinforcing social image :
Paired with an old male [ computer science ] professor as an advisor , and the only woman in a sea of geeky males .
I chose to study social science instead .
In retrospect , I wish that I had chosen differently , or at least given it more of a chance .
But back then , in light of my serious interest in technology , I had decided that I would rather pursue the impact of technology on society than pursue the building of it via Computer Science .
Had I had a mentor that encouraged me to pursue Computer Science , I likely could have been convinced otherwise .
Advertisement
There are some female mentors out there now — a Vogue profile of Facebook COO Sheryl Sandberg , for example , says she has monthly dinners with high - profile guests for Women of Silicon Valley , and that she pushed for " child - care programs , maternity - leave policies , or preferred parking places reserved for expectant women " at Google and now Facebook .
Of all the reasons given to explain the lack of women in these fields , this was the one that resonated the most for me .
From the Times :
In a study of 493 undergraduate engineering majors ' intentions to continue with their major , men tended to stick with their studies as long as they completed the coursework , while women did so only if they earned high grades .
Advertisement
Fittingly , one woman is quoted saying that she did n't start her company " until she had worked at four more companies .
' I have to know everything ; I have to have it all figured out , ' she recalls thinking . "
In other words , even the smart , self - directed , relatively privileged women who would be prime candidates for heading start - ups often lack the blind confidence to go it alone .
That confidence can at times be unfounded , but as the saying goes , you can't win if you do n't play .
There is , however , a ray of hope .
From New York :
" Today , Amazon has their hosting platform , Amazon Web Services .
Facebook has their identity platform , Facebook Connect , " says John Borthwick , co-founder of Betaworks , which builds and invests in start - ups .
" If you want to build something now , you can build it on top of these building blocks .
What it means is the cost of development goes down .
The cost of entry goes down . "
Advertisement
He was speaking generally , but the same could apply to any outsiders from the all - male , mostly white ( and immigrant ) tech sector , who might be intimidated by the belief that their skills are n't up to snuff .
Out Of The Loop In Silicon Valley [ NYT ]
What She Saw At The Revolution [ Vogue ]
Tweet Tweet Boom Boom [ NYM ]
Re Doree 's Article [ Spiersblr ]
Is it a strawberry ?
Is it a pineapple ?
Is it a conspiracy ?
Or is it a bid by Waitrose to impress their new brand ambassador ( a man best known for playfully messing with form and flavour : " It looks like an apple with a maggot in it , but when they bite into it , it 's a chocolate glazed veal sweetbread with a tiny citrus straw ! " ) .
Yesterday the supermarket launched what they 've dubbed the ' pineberry ' - an " Alice in Wonderland - style fruit " as their press release has it .
" Despite their extraordinary smell and taste similar to a pineapple , pineberries are still strawberries " , Waitrose 's PR machine explains .
Perhaps taken with their Wonderland analogy , they go on to point out in winning doublespeak that the breeding of this exciting " new fruit " originated in the 18th century when the result of crossing different wild strawberries , Fragaria Chiloensis and Fragaria Virginiana produced Fragaria Ananassa , the base for all modern varieties .
The fruit is being grown by these people for Waitrose .
You may remember , Waitrose also breathlessly announced the " strasberry " ( strawberries that look a bit , but do n't really taste like , raspberries ) this time two years ago , accordingly dubbed by the waiting media as the new " it fruit " that " we 'll all be eating " this summer ( has anyone tried them ? ) .
This time , Waitrose reckons you 'll all be making ' pineberry pavlovas ' and ' pineberry punch ' for the five weeks they 're in season , so we thought we'd give them a bit of a try .
Weekend 's food editor , Bob Granleese , never one to hold back , was not a fan : " It smells like a strawberry . "
Bite .
" It tastes like ... water . "
Pause .
" With sweetener in it . "
Pause .
" It 's disgusting . "
I went next , immediately pulling a lemon sucking face at the sharpness of the albino fruit which I can only describe as " nippy " .
Jay Rayner was similarly unimpressed : " Basically , it 's an unripe strawberry .
Just because it can be sold does n't mean it should " .
And devoted food lover Rachel Dixon was quite taken aback : " What the hell ?
It 's a raspberry .
No. Strawberry . "
Nibble .
" Um . " Pause .
Grimace .
" Whoa " .
Pause .
" So it 's some kind of freakish strawberry that does n't taste very nice . "
Not much endorsement so far .
Away from the food desk there was a slightly more positive reaction .
Slightly .
Reactions included " looks bad , tastes OK " , a non-committal " I do n't hate it " , the diplomatic " I would n't substitute it for a strawberry but it's a nice addition to the berry family " and even " I think they 're lovely " .
The weird overly sweet smell reminded one colleague of the cheap processed strawberry perfumes that children love .
" Style over substance " was her verdict .
In a way , you 've got to admire the PR effort .
It 's a strawberry !
But it tastes like a pineapple !
It 's a pineberry !
They 've played a blinder here - a freakish - sounding fruit that takes a pretty picture is always a winner for press coverage , as we all know .
They 've got the print inches in the usual places , they 've got us covering them ( albeit in an annoyingly sneery way ) ; hell , they 've even got conspiracy theories springing up with a Wikipedia page questioning whether the whole thing 's an April Fool due to the fact that an internet design and SEO company also called Pineberry published several new websites just before the launch of the new fruit .
Back in the real world , there have been a number of white strawberry varieties around for hundreds of years .
This is one of them .
It does n't taste anything like a pineapple , it tastes like a sharp - and quite unpleasant - strawberry .
Overall verdict : not as bad as Waitrose 's memorable but truly awful strawberry and cream sausage from last year but really not very nice at all .
Waitrose , as supermarkets go , you 're not bad .
But please - it 's time to leave the berries be .
Swedish hackers have put together the GåågleBot : " a ' home crawler ' consisting of a vacuum roomba with an on board webserver and camera .
While the vacuum goes about its business , it extracts text from the images it takes .
The text is later put in a database on the roomba and searchable through a web interface . "
The idea is that you release this thing and it crawls your house and indexes everything that has text on it .
Later , you can google your house , asking the index to find you books , groceries , CDs — anything with a label .
Lots of people have written to me to tell me that this reminds them of the roommateware I wrote about in my novel Makers , and I can see what they mean .
But to my mind , the science fiction that this most strongly evokes is Paul Ford 's Robot Exclusion Protocol , one of the funniest and most prescient bits of technospeculation I 've ever read ( go read it now , it 's short and you 'll thank me ) .
Gaaglebot
( via /. )
Javascript Disabled Detected
You currently have javascript disabled .
Several functions may not work .
Please re-enable javascript to access full functionality .
Trading
No bootlegs , modchips , or other piracy - related items .
Read our trading rules before trading .
Must be a member for 30 days before creating threads .
The beautiful hourglass - shaped nebula Sharpless 2-106 shines with brilliant colors in this new image from the Gemini North telescope .
Giant star S106IR lies near the waist of the hourglass .
Astronomers estimate the star could be up to 15 times more massive than our sun .
The winds the star sends ripping through space appear to have generated the nebula 's distinctive shape .
Scientists believe that as material accretes in a disk around the hot star , perpendicular outflow jets send gas and dust streaming out at speeds of up to 125 miles per second .
The new data from Gemini North is considerably better than previous images , such as the one at the right .
The nebula is part of a catalog published by Stewart Sharpless in 1959 .
It 's about 2 light - years long and half a light - year wide .
It 's located about 2,000 light years away in the direction of the Constellation Cygnus .
The image was captured using four narrow - band filters that have been tuned to see hydrogen as well as ionized helium , sulfur and oxygen .
When combined in the top composite , helium is violent , sulfur blue , oxygen green and hydrogen red .
Images : 1 . Gemini Observatory / AURA
2. Digitized Sky Survey / SuperCOSMOS
See Also :
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Tumblr , and green tech history research site ; Wired Science on Twitter and Facebook .**
I 'm guessing a non -zero number of you have seen this picture :
I further imagine that some of you have seen the animated version .
( Warning !
May cause seizures , nausea , trips to Jupiter and Beyond the Infinite . )
Like all awesome things , this comes with a story .
Paul ( of Paul and Storm ) texted me one day and said , " Storm and I wanted to give you a surprise gift , but you have to grant permission for it to be made .
You 're going to get an e-mail asking for permission to use your image .
I promise you that it 's going to be for something awesome , so please say yes . "
I am very good at following directions , so when the e-mail arrived , I did what Paul asked , and then waited for the arrival of a pen with a cartoon version of me on it that , when clicked , revealed my epic wang .
Thus began a saga wherein Paul would say , " Hey , go get your mail .
Something awesome is waiting for you . "
I would reply , " I 'm working on my keynote .
I 'll pick it up when I get some time . "
About 45 days later , I finally picked it up .
I opened it in my office , saw myself looking back at me from infinity , and could n't believe that I 'd waited so long to pick it up .
( On the other hand , it was a wonderful reward for completing the first draft of my keynote . )
I called Anne into my office , and revealed it in the usual manner , by slowly lifting it up to my chin and showing it off .
" Oh my god , " Anne said .
" It 's you ... and you ... and you ... and you ... "
" All the way to infinity , " I said .
We shared a Sci-Five , to commemorate the occasion .
You know , like you do .
I wore this shirt to Emerald City Comicon , where it was photographed a few times , always to much laughter and occasional applause .
I wore it again at PAX , where this now - famous picture was taken by Paul .
This picture has been sent around the Internets in all the usual places , first appearing on Reddit , then Fark , then Epic Win , and today it got to Digg .
It 's been pretty awesome and a lot of fun to see it compared to the Infamous Clown Sweater and the Velvet Wesley ( and its own recursion ) , but I feel sad that the man responsible for actually making the thing is n't getting the attention and congratulations that I believe he deserves .
I intend to correct that , right now :
The Recursive Wheaton ( also known as the Wheaton Singularity ) is an Infini - tee , created by Scott Meyer , who also creates an amazing and wonderful webcomic called Basic Instructions .
This is the strip where the Infini - Tee was born .
I understand that , once a year or so , Scott will accept commissions for your very own Inifini - Tee , if you ask him nicely ( and throw him some shiny gold rocks , or a chest of electrum pieces . )
I come across cool stuff online all the time , and I always like to know where it came from .
I do n't know if Scott even cares , but speaking as a creator , it 's really important to me that credit is given where it is due .
If you see this , Scott , thanks for making such an awesome T - shirt and entertaining webcomic .
And thanks to Paul and Storm for giving me such an epic gift .
FOR nearly three decades , the Federal Trade Commission ’s rules regarding the relationships between advertisers and product reviewers and endorsers were deemed adequate .
Then came the age of blogging and social media .
On Monday , the F.T.C. said it would revise rules about endorsements and testimonials in advertising that had been in place since 1980 .
The new regulations are aimed at the rapidly shifting new - media world and how advertisers are using bloggers and social media sites like Facebook and Twitter to pitch their wares .
The F.T.C. said that beginning on Dec. 1 , bloggers who review products must disclose any connection with advertisers , including , in most cases , the receipt of free products and whether or not they were paid in any way by advertisers , as occurs frequently .
The new rules also take aim at celebrities , who will now need to disclose any ties to companies , should they promote products on a talk show or on Twitter .
A second major change , which was not aimed specifically at bloggers or social media , was to eliminate the ability of advertisers to gush about results that differ from what is typical  for instance , from a weight loss supplement .
For bloggers who review products , this means that the days of an unimpeded flow of giveaways may be over .
More broadly , the move suggests that the government is intent on bringing to bear on the Internet the same sorts of regulations that have governed other forms of media , like television or print .
We ’ve been watching some of the old fifties and sixties TV shows , and I find the era fascinating .
Besides the fact that so many future great writers and actors were heavily represented in the first two decades of TV , the writing itself was often very impressive .
Our recent favorite is the first season of Have Gun – Will Travel .
I remember watching it as a kid , but it may take being much closer to geezerhood ( ooops , I mean “ wisdom ” ) to appreciate some of the sophistication in the show .
First of all , the name of the show .
It has a hyphen .
It ’s a business card .
A professional gunfighter — with a business card !
Even that hyphen tells you something .
A show with punctuation !
Clearly , not the usual western .
And both the guy ’s holster and business card have that horse head .
Which has no fewer than THREE different referential worlds linked to it : the “ cowboy ” genre and all the things you expect from that ; the “ knight ” genre ( Paladin is a term for a knight , of course , and even the western theme song refers to him as “ a knight without armor in a savage land … ” — can you hear it ? )
So the reference there is to another world entirely — the King Arthur stuff and the morals and mystique of knights of yore ( and yore itself , for that matter … )
But also , it ’s a CHESS PIECE .
A chess piece suggests a thinker , and the first episode of the show demonstrates that handily .
Jack Lord is the bad guy , hidden off in a Mexican spa town that is headed by , of course , a guy named O’Brien in a sombrero .
Very Mexican , that .
And of course , hordes of gun - totin ’ , rootin ’ - tootin ’ cowboy vigalentes have tried to go out after this Jack Lord bad guy , and all have failed .
He ’s still there , with a woman who was either kidnapped or ran off ( of course , this being the fifties , women basically were assumed to not be all that sure of what they were doing — a kidnapped woman was presumed to always be either ambivalent or at fault in her own kidnappping … sort of like a Helen of Troy , if you just swap out ancient Texas for ancient Greece .
And did you notice that they sort of probably based the first episode of the show on the Iliad , then ?
I tell you , these fifties writers were eddycated ! )
But the posses did n’t manage to get the bad guy or bring the “ girl ” back ; in fact , they limped back across the border mangled , maimed , and decimated .
Enter Paladin .
Who of course , uses his chessmaster brain more than brawn .
He studies the bad guy , figures out how to play on his vanity and needs , and so instead of shooting people to get what he wants , he basically just lures the guy back to justice ( and the woman back to her “ old life ” under her dad ’s control , but hey , it was the fifties . )
Which right away shows you something about this show and its writers .
It is going to be a subversive show .
Smart will win over brute force and gunplay .
( Still very much a subversive notion in America , I ’d argue . )
For more subversion , check out the second episode .
In episode 2 , Charles Bronson plays the bad guy .
Real bad hombre .
Gunfighter .
Killer .
Except of course , he manages to care about his newborn son .
He is a man of honor , and even sentimentality , underneath .
Instead of the easy George Bush stereotype of “ you ’re either good or evil , either with us or agin ’ us , ” we have nuance .
In fact , the Bronson character only has one tragic flaw : he is a “ fast gun , ” which is sort of fine in itself .
But he does n’t care if he shoots other guys who are nowhere near as fast .
Guys who never had a chance against him .
And that is the thing Paladin says to him ( and to the viewer at the opening of the show , in a “ gun pointed at you so you ’ll listen ” teaser - quote moment . )
This critique — it ’s not being a shooter , but taking advantage of guys who never had a chance against you , that makes you bad — is really interesting .
Again , it totallly upends so much of the Western genre , all that stuff we take for granted about the “ ethics ” of all them thar gunfights .
It ’s another example of the show being a western that subtly takes the whole western genre apart and questions it , from the inside .
In both of these first episodes of HG - WT , the contrast is stark , between the smart , principled and interesting chessmaster Paladin , and the conventional cowboy approach , in which the lawmen or the family vigilantes are also after the bad guy , but whereas Paladin is competent and smart , they are incompetent , fat , direct and un-subtle .
And mostly get themselves kilt .
You wonder what that ’s supposed to be a commentary on , back in the late fifties .
Hofstadter ’s Anti-Intellectualism in American Life comes to mind .
McCarthyism comes to mind .
The whole cold war comes to mind : the idea that security lies in brute force and nukes , in polarized views of “ good versus bad , God-fearing Americans versus Commies , ” and blah blah blah .
These things were very live concerns of writers and non-stupid patriots back then , just as they were during the Bush years ( substitute , say , Muslims for Commies ) , and still are ( now the bad guys are “ socialists ” or something , and the good guys wear their guns to the church social . )
But in any time , it ’s the stupid “ force first ” approach to righteousness in America that shows like this may critique , under cover of being popular entertainment .
A deeply profound commentary on a sometimes stupid , brutal , and simplistic culture , as critiqued by a bunch of writers who clearly preferred the intelligence of chessmasters to the cudgel .
Whose message was hidden but very vital , as all good writers ’ messages sometimes are : your survival may depend on being thoughtful , on understanding the other person , more than on brute , stupid force .
SAN FRANCISCO — Microsoft is trying to home in on a younger , chattier demographic with two new cellphones centered on social networking .
The Kin One and Kin Two allow users to keep closely synched with sites like Facebook , Twitter and MySpace .
The start menu displays a montage of photographs from friends with notes about what they are doing rather than a more traditional menu that caters to phone functions .
The Kins also have touch screens , links to the Zune music service and high - powered cameras for capturing photographs and video .
“ This is aimed at 15 - to 30 - year - olds who are social - networking enthusiasts , ” said Robert J. Bach , president of Microsoft ’s entertainment and devices division , who introduced the phones at a news conference here Monday .
Phone makers like Nokia and Samsung have long built a variety of models , including those aimed at younger buyers , many of which also link to social - networking sites .
But in its focus on social networking , Microsoft has taken one of the more aggressive stances in going after this market , which the company believes is receptive to a fresh pitch .
Sexist pet peeve : the persistent myth that women are all privately obsessed with producing tiny widdle babies .
Working to debunk that assumption is a recent National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy study [ PDF ] which surveyed thousands of young Americans , aged 18 to 29 , about their thoughts and perceptions about pregnancy .
Guess which group is more likely to be “ pleased ” at an unplanned pregnancy ?
It ’s not the one with the silently weeping ovaries .
In order to gauge the “ surprise fetus ” reaction , NCPTUP researchers first isolated survey respondents who claimed it was “ very important or somewhat important for them to avoid pregnancy right now . ”
Then , researchers asked them how they would feel about an unplanned pregnancy :
If you found out today that ( you were / your partner was ) pregnant , how would you feel : Very upset , a little upset , a little pleased , very pleased , would n’t care .
Results : Staggeringly gendered !
Forty - three percent of young men responded that they would be “ a little pleased ” or “ very pleased ” by the news ; only 20 percent of women answered the same .
Men also proved more comfortable with an unplanned pregnancy at an earlier age :
Thirty - four percent of men 18 - 19 said they would be pleased .
By the time they reach age 20 - 24 , 42 percent of men said they would be pleased .
And over 50 percent of men aged 25 - 29 would be pleased by the news .
Remember : this is only among men who deemed it “ important ” that a pregnancy not occur at this junction .
Meanwhile , the percentage of women who would be “ pleased ” by an unplanned pregnancy stays steady at a low 16 percent all the way from age 18 to 24 .
By the time women reach the 25 - 29 age range , the percentage of “ pleased ” women soars to 29 percent .
Despite the jump , women in their late 20s still lag behind their male counterparts by 22 percentage points .
I do n’t know : Perhaps our joy is muted by the fact that unexpected pregnancies tend to put us ladies out a touch .
So , politely , what the fuck is going on ?
How many women out there are having sex under the assumption that their male partners are invested in teaming up to prevent pregnancy , only to discover that the guys are privately ecstatic about the idea ?
And could it happen to me ?
After all , my boyfriend falls into the Pleased By Surprise Fetus Danger Zone of age 25 - 29 .
Better safe than sorry :
me : Hey , would you agree that it ’s very important or somewhat important for us to avoid pregnancy right now ?
him :
What ?
me :
Do n’t worry , it ’s a theoretical question .
him : Christ .
Very . me : OK .
him : ?? me :
If you found out today that I was pregnant , how would you feel : Very upset , a little upset , a little pleased , very pleased , would n’t care ?
him : Hmm . Wouldnt care .
I guess .
me : Just so you know , over half of men in your age range would be pleased or very pleased , even though they say it is important for them to not cause a pregnancy right now .
him :
Oh , I would never have picked those .
Whew .
I never thought I would register my boyfriend “ not caring ” about me getting pregnant as a small victory , but I ’ll take what I can get .
Researchers in the UK have developed a method of curing a class of genetic disorders by transplanting parts of embryonic cells from one mother to another , creating the possibility of babies with three biological parents .
Researchers at Newcastle University have transferred material from a healthy fertilized human egg into an unhealthy one , repairing the egg ’s genetic flaws , Nature magazine reported Wednesday .
ADVERTISEMENT
The procedure is meant to fix problems with faulty mitochondria — the “ cellular batteries ” that power human cells .
By transferring the mitochondria from a female donor to another embryo , the researchers were able to turn a flawed egg into a healthy embryo .
“ As mitochondria contain DNA , a child conceived this way would inherit genetic material from three parents , ” reports the Times of London .
“ The mother and father would supply 99.8 per cent of its DNA , but a small amount would come from a second woman , the mitochondrial donor . ”
That possibility has “ profound medical and ethical implications , ” reports Brandon Kleim at Wired.com .
“ One issue involves the nature of parenthood : Would a mitochondrial donor be a parent ? ”
Doug Turnbull , a Newcastle University neurologist who worked on the research , downplayed the idea of a “ third parent . ”
“ What we have done is like changing the battery on a laptop , ” he said , as quoted at the Guardian .
“ The energy supply now works properly but none of the information on the hard drive has been changed . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
About one in 6,500 children are affected by mitochondrial diseases , which can cause “ muscle weakness , blindness , heart and liver failure , diabetes and learning disabilities , ” reports the Daily Telegraph .
There are currently no treatments for mitochondrial diseases .
The Guardian reports the UK ’s Muscular Dystrophy Campaign is among the backers of the research .
“ These findings will be a ray of hope for people affected by mitochondrial diseases , who can often be left with the heartbreaking decision of whether to have children who may be born with a serious illness , ” said the group ’s chief executive , Philip Butcher .
ADVERTISEMENT
He added , “ In the future , this technique may give parents the choice to have a healthy child and end the tragic cycle that some families go through , passing on these conditions from generation to generation . ”
So far , the research has n’t moved out of the lab because British law prohibits artificially created embryos from being placed in a woman ’s womb .
But the researchers behind the project are pushing for a change to the law .
ADVERTISEMENT
” I would urge the Human Fertility and Embryology Authority to permit fertility treatment using these techniques as soon as the method is proved to be effective and safe in humans , ” Butcher said .
Turnbull said that the technique could be available for public use in as little as three years .
Sea Site Solution is an India based website design company .
Seasitesolution is dealing with Wordpress , Magento , website design , ecommerce website programming , web development , Joomla , and SEO .
Sea Site Solution - a Webdesign Company , we design web site , which look professional , attractive and represent character of your business organization .
We strive to offer customized web design as per your specifications and desire .
We offer web site design and web application development services with universal standards at an affordable price .
We ensure that the web design idea , matches your branding needs .
Web site is a significant tool of modern business .
It gives crucial information and impression of your business to the web site visitors .
Web site design plays an important role to build up image and impression of your business organization in the competitive market .
The effectiveness or ineffectiveness of your web site is strictly depends on things like colors combination , layout , easy navigation , page size and use of space .
Correspondingly ,
It creates center of attention and retains visitors or vice versa .
An efficiently designed website enables you to develop strong relationships with your customers and business partners .
It also helps to increase business revenue .
Occam and Tock
The CSP calculus has inspired quite a few languages and frameworks ; CHP is just one of them .
Go is a recent example , but probably the oldest example is the occam programming language .
Occam was developed for the Transputer processor , which has since died out .
The efforts of research groups at Kent and Southampton made sure that occam survived the death of its original host platform .
Today , a much - modified version of the original compiler , now named KRoC , will compile and run occam code on x86 Linux and various other platforms .
Its basis , the original compiler , was written around twenty - five years ago .
In C — eugh .
Nowadays there are better languages to write a compiler in — such as Haskell .
My colleague Adam Sampson began playing with writing an occam compiler in Haskell using modern technologies like nanopass compilation ( where the compiler consists of a large number of small and simple passes ) , Parsec ( for , um , parsing ) and generic programming ( for performing automatic descents of the abstract syntax tree during the passes ) .
At some point I joined in , and between us we wrote Tock , a compiler for occam and other concurrent languages , written in around twenty - thousand lines of Haskell .
Parsing
Occam is a difficult language to compile , for several reasons .
Its grammar has ambiguities that can only be resolved with semantic knowledge .
For example , c ?
x is either an input from channel c into variable x , or it is an input from channel c that must match the tag ( think Haskell data - type constructor ) x .
It is not clear which it is until you have determined what x is , which typically happens after parsing .
This is exactly the sort of problem that would occur if Haskell did not require data constructors to start upper-case and variables to start lower - case ( without this restriction , what would x be in “ let x = y ” : variable or constructor ? ) .
Occam is layout - based , using 2 - space indents .
This requires some pre-processing to insert indent / outdent markers .
We use alex to tokenise and insert the markers , then use Parsec - 2 to parse a stream of tokens into an abstract syntax tree ( AST ) after running a pre-processor stage on the token stream .
To help resolve the ambiguities , we accumulate a symbol table in the parser , which is not nice — we would like to iron that out .
Generic Programming
We started out using Scrap Your Boilerplate ( SYB ) as our generic programming method for implementing traversals of the AST in our nanopasses .
The advantage of using generic programming for traversals is that you can write the code you ’re interested in ( e.g. apply this check to all parallel constructs in my AST ) without writing the code you ’re not interested in ( if you find an if statement , here ’s how to descend into it to find the parallel constructs ) .
SYB turned out to be too slow for us and we ended up constructing our own generic programming framework , Alloy .
It ’s available on Hackage , and there is a paper ( and a talk ) if you ’re interested .
Safety Checks
Occam permits some powerful static safety checks .
In every framework based on occam ’s principles ( including CHP ) it is not possible to statically ensure that one - to - one channels are not going to be used wrongly in parallel ( e.g. that the writing end will not be written to by two processes in parallel ) .
The occam compiler does check this .
The algorithm is actually quite simple to implement in the AST .
Wherever you find a PAR construct ( which runs its branches in parallel ) , descend into all the branches and make a set of pairs of channel name and direction ( input or output ) that are used or passed as parameters to processes .
Check all the sets against each other , and if any pair is present in more than one set , issue an error .
With generic programming , making the set of pairs is just a generic query , and the whole thing is fairly straightforward .
A similar check is performed to ensure that variables obey the Concurrent - Read Exclusive - Write ( CREW ) rule : that in parallel you either have no - one accessing a variable , only readers , or exactly one writer .
Another safety check involves arrays .
Occam permits arrays of variables and arrays of channels , and performs safety checks on both .
These checks are particularly tricky when combined with replicated parallel constructs .
These are like parallel for loops ; you can write PAR i = 0 FOR 10 , and the code beneath will be replicated 10 times in parallel with indexes 0 through 9 .
The old occam compiler statically checked this by only allowing statically - known replication counts , and using brute force to expand out all the code and perform lots of known - constant checks on the array indices .
Tock uses the Omega test ( a form of Presburger arithmetic ) to perform the same checks for dynamic replication counts .
I spent a while pouring over the Omega Test paper to understand it ( and produced some slides on it to help others understand it ) and then implemented it in the compiler .
I am still impressed by what it can do .
Take this code , for example :
PROC p( ) [ 100 ]
INT a : PAR i = 0 FOR 10 SEQ a [ i * 10 ] := 0 SEQ j = 1 FOR 10 a [ ( i* 10 ) + j ] := j :
This code declares an array of 100 INTs .
The PAR i = 0 FOR 10 line runs the code below it 10 times in parallel , each with a different value of i ( 0 through 9 , inclusive ) .
This code is initialising an array of 100 items , by running these 10 parts in parallel , each of which initialises the beginning of a strip ( indices 0 , 10 , 20 , etc ) to zero , and the rest of the strip ( e.g. indices 1 through 9 , 11 through 19 ) to be 1 to 9 .
In the above code , there is an error arising from incorrect indexing .
The tock compiler spots this and gives the following error :
unsafe2.occ : 1 : PROC p() 2 : [ 100 ]
INT a : 3 : PAR i = 0 FOR 10 Here-------^ 4 : SEQ 5 : a [ i * 10 ] := 0 6 : SEQ j = 1 FOR 10 7 : a [( i*10 ) + j ] := j 8 : : tock : Error : unsafe2.occ:3:7
Indexes of array " a " ( " i * 10 + j " and " i * 10 " ) could overlap when : 1 <= i' <= 9 , j = 10 , 1 <= j ' <= 10
That error message could perhaps do with being more helpful , but the important part is the most specific : when j is equal to 10 , there can be an overlap between array indices being written to in parallel .
The problem is that j should n’t be able to reach 10 : the SEQ j = 1 FOR 10 line should be SEQ j = 1 FOR 9 .
If you are doing parallel imperative programming with arrays , this is a very useful error for the compiler to be able to spot .
Once the line is corrected , tock can tell that it is safe , and will compile the file .
Backends
Tock is really a source - to - source compiler .
Rather than producing native code , it produces C code ( using the CCSP library ) or C++ code ( using the C++CSP library ) .
This means that the code is as portable as the concurrency libraries themselves ( almost every platform has a C / C++ compiler ) , and means that we get the C compiler to do all the optimisation of straight - line code for us , rather than writing that ourselves .
I actually started work on a CHP backend for Tock , which I guess is fairly silly : compiling a low - level imperative language into a high - level functional language is not typically a good idea , but it was interesting .
It involved lots of do blocks and let clauses to directly implement the imperative aspects in a sort of single - static assignment form crossed with a hint of continuation - passing .
I ’d like to finish it one day — but it ’s a lot of work for no particular gain .
State of Play and Build System
Tock is just about feature complete .
It lives in a public darcs repository if you are interested in it .
The build system uses autoconf and automake , which is unusual for a Haskell project — most Haskell programs use cabal .
There are several things that Tock needs that I do n’t think cabal provides by itself :
Two - stage compilation ; due to our generics library , we must build one Haskell program and run it in order to generate more Haskell source that is then compiled alongside more source files to form Tock .
C Tests ; since we compile C using Tock , we must find out details about the C compiler ( e.g. size of void* in C , or accepted flags ) to give to Tock during the build process .
Program availability ; there are certain programs we require ( e.g. gcc , alex ) , so we need to test for them during configuration .
That list is shorter than last time I looked at converting Tock to cabal , so perhaps it may now be possible to switch to cabal — I gather we might be able to keep our autoconf script for the tricky parts and use cabal for the rest .
Any links on doing so would be appreciated !
If we can get Tock cabalised , we can get it on Hackage , which would make it easier for people to download and use .
Almost all of our dependencies are in the Haskell Platform , so it would be nice to be able to say : install the Haskell Platform , install a concurrent run-time ( e.g. CCSP ) , then issue “ cabal install tock ” and you ’re done .
What would also be good would be to get people working on the compiler .
For example , Adam and I have wondered if we could add a Go frontend to our compiler , and thus bring the safety checks to bear on the Go language ( and potentially to compile it down to our fast concurrency libraries ) .
Unfortunately , neither Adam nor I have had time to work on Tock for a while now , but it would be a shame to let it stagnate .
Floppy disks : headed for the museum , or treasured home for your data ?
When Sony said this week it was halting the production of floppy disks , the Magazine set out to discover who still buys and uses this anachronistic computer storage medium .
Would you believe floppies keep many of these in the air ?
More than 1,000 readers e-mailed in response to the Magazine 's request to explain their attachment to the once universally popular 3.5 " diskettes .
Many pointed out floppies are needed to access even newer computers ' deepest innards - their Bios .
( A surprising number also enjoyed pointing out the South African term for floppies - stiffies - though let 's not dwell too long on that . )
Here are 40 explanations for why floppy disks are still needed .
1 . I regularly buy floppy disks .
I own a pub with a retro theme and I use them as beer mats .
Shaun Garrod , Ashby de la Soul 2 .
I am an artist from London and I use floppy disks to produce my paintings .
I tile them up as canvases .
The personal information on each disk is forever locked under the paint , but the labels are left as a clue .
I use the circular hubs on the reverse for eyes !
Nick Gentry , London 3 .
In the aviation industry they are still used to update firmware on ticket printers .
Dre , Germany 4 .
Not as much a user as an owner of a great many floppies , I was planning to tile the roof of my shed with them ( using the two existing corner holes to take the nails ) until my wife forbade it .
Erik Ga Bean , Stevenage , England 5 .
I work for a national high - street based business .
We still use floppies in many sites for back - ups .
Believe it or not we are still running MS - DOS on most of our till systems .
We get through hundreds if not into the thousands each year .
Matt Sparks , Birmingham 6 . Have you seen the cost of clays for skeet shooting ?
Pull !
Paul Taylor , St. Helens England 7 . A huge number of CNC [ computer numerical control ] machines for metalworking and manufacture use floppies because their instruction sets are small enough to fit on the disks .
In these areas a floppy is far hardier than a CD or even a USB pen-drive .
Peter M , Wirral , UK 8 .
Drilling holes on four sides and interlocking them with industrial clips , I have created a retro futurist sliding curtain for a client 's loft .
Monochromatic colour floppies with occasional accents of bright red and yellow give different moods on sunny days or ambient lighting by night .
On them are stored formulas and theories of leading edge scientists ...
Paolo , Montreal 9 .
Believe it or not , most if not all ATM ( cashpoint ) programming is installed direct to the machine from a floppy disk .
With all of the ATMs available in just the UK with many additional copies made to support each machine in a region ... this could amount to a huge stockpile of disks hanging around for each bank and / or private ATM manufacturer .
Steve , Northampton 10 .
My band released our first single on a floppy as a gimmick last year .
It took us quite a while to find somewhere that actually sold them anymore .
Chris Bennigsen , Manchester 11 .
I buy these little beauties for a quite different reason .
The floppy disk costs an average of £ 3.66 for 200 , however they have a resale value of £ 5.50 at any good computer recycling centre , so I buy them in bulk and simply sell them directly at a profit .
Take that , Bill Gates .
Cynthia , Tamworth 12 .
I still buy and use floppies for my electronic organ and some older synthesizers .
Many professional keyboardists still own older synthesizers for their unique design and sheer power .
Nick Chan , Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia 13 .
I put handles on them and sell them as spatulas .
I sell thousands of them a year .
Stan Russell , Squatney , Delaware - USA 14 .
I work with a lot of printing companies here in the place that invented the " floppy , " and despite communicating with them via e-mail , they insist on having final document copies posted to them on a floppy .
Why ?
Floppies are easy to mail , cheap and easily replaceable , and somehow give the impression of document security that e-mail attachments do n't .
Matt Apple , Nara , Japan 15 .
I buy about 100,000 floppies per year as I have a business that makes them into drinks mats , fridge magnets and toast racks .
Ken Pork , London 16 .
In the automotive industry in the US many plastic parts are made in machines that are 20 - 30 years old .
I go through floppies fairly regularly because we 'll need to access a robot or punch press or milling machine or something else that has no other form of external media access .
Kyle , Georgia 17 .
I have a stack of old 3.5 " floppies I keep in a box .
They work perfectly for adjusting a bookshelf or the like set up on carpet .
If the bookshelf tilts , I just slide floppies under the appropriate corners until it 's upright .
Greg Goebel , Loveland CO USA 18 .
I 've always used an old floppy disk as an ice scraper for the car , just the right combination of rigidity and flexibility .
Just do n't use the side with the metal sleeve on .
They last about a year before they need replacing from my endless pile from the 1990s .
Chris , Swindon , UK 19 .
The government here still uses floppies to process employee and employer data every month .
Just imagine you have to do this every month in a year for every company in my country and there you go : a million or so floppies .
Kel , Malaysia 20 .
As a blind computer technician and computer enthusiast I find floppy disks essential .
I have developed a lot of small batch utilities and use floppy disks as I can more easily tell if the disk is loading up , for instance the click and hum of the drive is something I can hear and by its sounds , I know what is happening .
Ibrahim Gucukoglu , Peterborough UK 21 .
As a telecoms engineer , I have to add that there is still some test equipment out there that logs data only to floppy disks .
The disks are such a pain to work with , but it 's not like you can throw out a $ 330,000 piece of test equipment because you do n't like the way it outputs its data .
Erik , Copenhagen 22 .
There are thousands of DOS - based computers running machinery in the print industry and all the software updates are on floppy disks .
Alan Head , Canvey Island , UK 23 .
I 'll tell you who still uses them : schools in the US .
I 've needed one - just one - each year for my ( now ) third grader .
Valarie , Dallas , Texas 24 .
The social security administration of Panama requires that the " mechanised " version of their declarations , submitted by all contributors to the health care / retirement system every month , be written on a floppy .
Anita Bonita , Palma Real , Rep of Panama 25 .
An unusual use is sewing machines - there are top - end models that accept embroidery designs stored either on a special cartridge on floppy disk .
James , Hampshire 26 .
I use a multitude of coloured floppies as a fashion statement , as part of outfits I make .
The pieces I create are for cyberpunk / goth outfits .
Alexandra " Chii " , Yorktown , Virginia , USA 27 .
Romania 's fiscal agency still requests documents on floppy to process taxes .
Mystery solved .
Jack , Bucharest 28 .
Floppy disks are ideal " floppy table " stabilisers , whether in the dining room or on the patio .
They are also good for wedges filling in gaps where wood has to be cut .
I have also embossed them in a cement pathway in a splendid " talked about feature " as they are of no use whatsoever for storage .
Gerry Roberts , Breaston / Derby , UK 29 .
People like my father are the ones who buy floppies .
No matter how hard you try you can not get him to use CD or USB technology .
He is " old school " and likes the idea that you can still label and catalogue floppies like paper based files .
Darien , Marlborough MA , USA 30 .
I know for a fact National Milk Records ( NMR ) still use floppy disks for dairy recordings and many farmers use the plug - in USB disk drives to still use the floppy format with their system , including my old man .
Adrie , Battle 31 .
I run a business that deals a lot with local and central government departments , and a lot of them still require documents on floppy , and wo n't even take documents by e-mail .
Quaint , but typically British - 20 years behind the times .
Paul , Milton Keynes , UK 32 .
In Peru we have to declare our taxes through a special software ; if you are an employer , you should pay the income tax and the employees ' taxes on separate " forms " , and this software only allows to save one form per disk ( you take the disk to the bank and there you present it in the same way you present the telephone bill , for example , and pay ) .
Floppies must be sold in the tens of thousands in my country for that sole reason .
Ariel , Callao , Peru 33 .
The Ministry of Defence and all three armed services use them for HR purposes on each individual 's annual appraisal report .
Captain Birdseye , London 34 .
These are still used within the rail industry for backing up data systems .
Very handy for the job that they do .
Scott , Glasgow 35 .
Sad to say but there are a lot of ancient computers in church and school offices , and the old lady at the church or the school runs it the same as she did 20 years ago , so the floppy is her tool of choice .
I donated a couple of newer used PCs to the church and had to take the floppy drives out of the old systems and put them in the new systems for her .
Simply amazing .
Barry , Dayton Ohio , USA 36 .
Many aircraft use the floppy medium to transfer the monthly navigation database updates to the aircraft 's navigation systems .
Also to update software on non-critical aircraft systems .
There 's lots of aircraft out there and the floppy has to be a new one for each data transfer .
So still a lot of demand .
Peter Whittingham , Sharjah UAE 37 .
Recently I decided to lay down some new concrete walkways at my home , and came upon the idea to grind up floppies ( along with some other plastics ) to mix in with the concrete .
The addition of the fibres makes for a stronger concrete , and looks interesting as well .
New Orleans , LA , USA 38 .
Here in Mexico , IMSS ( social security hospitals ) requires every employer to send the files of new employees via floppy .
Jorge Escobar , Mazatlan , Sinaloa , Mexico 39 .
In the film industry , many telecine machines ( for scanning film to tape ) output meta - data onto a floppy disk .
These machines are very expensive so they 're not something that 's upgraded on a frequent basis .
Jon , Los Angeles , CA , USA 40 .
My company still uses floppy disks by the tonne load .
We transfer the drawings files from PC onto them , and this is turn is loaded onto our K2 cutting machine that creates the wooden structures for houses .
One floppy per customer adds up to a lot of disks .
Rob Wheeler , Heathfield
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
It ’s sad to face another Earth Day now that the environmental giants have passed from the scene .
By “ giants ” I mean persons of stature who truthfully made the connection between immigration , overpopulation and environmental damage — leaders like Senator Gaylord Nelson and Sierra Club President David Brower .
These days , the Congress is filled with people who call themselves environmentalists but vote for open borders , and the Sierra Club has gone over to the dark side as completely as Anakin Skywalker became Darth Vader .
But back to Gaylord Nelson …
In 2004 , the University of Wisconsin presented the retired Senator with a Distinguished Alumni Award , which included a brief film about his life ’s work :
Environmental scientist Leon Kolankiewicz wrote up an Earth Day remembrance of Senator Nelson as a reminder of how a real environmentalist acts .
Earth Day founder disappointed in followers for neglecting overpopulation , Mother Nature Network , April 20 , 2010
This month , America celebrates the 40th anniversary of Earth Day , founded in 1970 by the late U.S. Sen.
Gaylord Nelson ( D - Wis. ) , one of our greatest environmental heroes of the 20th century .
Yet few of the multitudinous articles , exhibits , parades and speeches will dare — or bother — to broach the one issue that worried Nelson perhaps more than any other : human overpopulation .
I know this because I collaborated closely with Nelson on several projects during the last decade of his life .
By the time he died in 2005 at the age of 89 , Nelson had become deeply disappointed with the wholesale retreat of the environmental establishment from advocating limits to population growth .
Rather , a new generation of more pragmatic ( expedient ? ) campaigners preferred to prattle on about safer and sexier topics like tropical deforestation , overfishing , oil and water shortages , urban sprawl , traffic congestion , power plant pollution , toxic waste , marine “ dead zones , ” proliferating dams , roads and power lines , destruction of wildlife habitat , endangered species , and of course , climate change .
Ironic when human reproduction and the population growth it produces are all about sex , eh ?
Nelson and many other activists of his generation viewed these problems as symptoms of too many people consuming too many resources and generating too much waste .
In an influential 1971 paper published in the journal Science , biologist Paul Ehrlich and physicist John Holdren ( now President Obama ’s science adviser ) quantified this understanding by introducing the IPAT equation : Impact = Population x Affluence x Technology .
Environmentalists of that era largely endorsed this formulation , which explicitly included the population factor , and even wide segments of the broader American public were receptive to it .
The outspoken Ehrlich appeared several times on The Tonight Show with Johnny Carson to hammer home his “ zero population growth ” message to millions .
And for a variety of reasons , the fertility rate plummeted by about half from its baby boom high down to replacement level — 2.1 children per family — by the early ’ 70s .
After two centuries of continuous exponential expansion — from a puny 4 million in 1790 to a bulging 200 million in 1970 — America seemed poised to voluntarily and humanely halt population growth before it overwhelmed our environment .
With U.S. population stabilization , our beleaguered environment could have begun to breathe a sigh of relief from ever - increasing demographic demands for land and resources .
Yet this hopeful vision did not come to pass .
Instead of stabilizing , America has added more than 100 million new voracious consumers , each brainwashed daily by powerful commercial interests that through conspicuous consumption we can achieve nirvana , or at least keep up with the Joneses .
Americans now number 310 million , and the Census Bureau projects another 130 million by 2050 , pushing us to 440 million .
And we would still be growing rapidly with no end in sight !
Under this crushing pressure , virtually every environmental goal becomes unattainable , from reducing our national ecological footprint and carbon emissions to rescuing endangered species and ecosystems .
Achieving these will be mission impossible , as much a pipe dream as losing weight and getting fitter all while eating more and more .
And yet today ’s environmentalist leaders are strangely silent in the face of this unfolding demographic disaster .
Why ?
Because immigration , or “ the i-word , ” since environmental groups dare not utter it , is now pushing our population upward .
Over 80 percent of the projected increase to 2050 will be due to directly and indirectly to immigration .
Fearful of alienating progressive allies and growing numbers of Hispanics and Asians , and loath to be lumped ( however unfairly ) with repugnant xenophobes , the largely white , liberal , and yes , squeamish environmental establishment either opts to look the other way on population — or they insist it is a “ global problem that needs global solutions , ” thereby abrogating the need for any meaningful action on their part .
Never mind that , on a planet dominated by sovereign nation - states , there are literally no realistic means available to work at a “ global ” scale .
But liberal , Democratic icon Gaylord Nelson did not flinch or look the other way or frame the problem so vaguely as to preclude national action .
His many speeches on environmental sustainability continually highlighted the U.S. population problem .
A newspaper article describing one Earth Day speech began : “ Senator Gaylord Nelson spoke to a standing - room only audience advocating that the U.S. limit immigration before U.S. resources are depleted . ”
At a Washington press conference , Nelson bristled at the notion that limiting immigration is inherently racist .
In a March 2000 speech , Nelson warned that the U.S. could become as overpopulated as China and India .
“ With twice the population , will there be any wilderness left ?
Any quiet place ?
Any habitat for song birds ?
Waterfalls ?
Other wild creatures ?
Not much , ” he said .
Chatting with Nelson before a 1998 news conference at the National Press Club in Washington , he startled me by announcing that when all was said and done , he considered himself a failure because the U.S. was moving away from , not toward , sustainability .
And out - of - control population growth was a major reason why .
But Nelson did not fail .
His followers failed him … and the nation ’s environment they purport to defend .
BLOOMINGTON , Ind. --
Could our universe be located within the interior of a wormhole which itself is part of a black hole that lies within a much larger universe ?
Such a scenario in which the universe is born from inside a wormhole ( also called an Einstein - Rosen Bridge ) is suggested in a paper from Indiana University theoretical physicist Nikodem Poplawski in Physics Letters B .
The final version of the paper was available online March 29 and will be published in the print edition April 12 .
Poplawski takes advantage of the Euclidean - based coordinate system called isotropic coordinates to describe the gravitational field of a black hole and to model the radial geodesic motion of a massive particle into a black hole .
In studying the radial motion through the event horizon ( a black hole 's boundary ) of two different types of black holes -- Schwarzschild and Einstein - Rosen , both of which are mathematically legitimate solutions of general relativity -- Poplawski admits that only experiment or observation can reveal the motion of a particle falling into an actual black hole .
But he also notes that since observers can only see the outside of the black hole , the interior cannot be observed unless an observer enters or resides within .
" This condition would be satisfied if our universe were the interior of a black hole existing in a bigger universe , " he said .
" Because Einstein 's general theory of relativity does not choose a time orientation , if a black hole can form from the gravitational collapse of matter through an event horizon in the future then the reverse process is also possible .
Such a process would describe an exploding white hole : matter emerging from an event horizon in the past , like the expanding universe . "
A white hole is connected to a black hole by an Einstein - Rosen bridge ( wormhole ) and is hypothetically the time reversal of a black hole .
Poplawski's paper suggests that all astrophysical black holes , not just Schwarzschild and Einstein - Rosen black holes , may have Einstein - Rosen bridges , each with a new universe inside that formed simultaneously with the black hole .
" From that it follows that our universe could have itself formed from inside a black hole existing inside another universe , " he said .
By continuing to study the gravitational collapse of a sphere of dust in isotropic coordinates , and by applying the current research to other types of black holes , views where the universe is born from the interior of an Einstein - Rosen black hole could avoid problems seen by scientists with the Big Bang theory and the black hole information loss problem which claims all information about matter is lost as it goes over the event horizon ( in turn defying the laws of quantum physics ) .
This model in isotropic coordinates of the universe as a black hole could explain the origin of cosmic inflation , Poplawski theorizes .
Poplawski is a research associate in the IU Department of Physics .
He holds an M.S. and a Ph.D. in physics from Indiana University and a M.S. in astronomy from the University of Warsaw , Poland .
###
To speak with Poplawski , please contact Steve Chaplin , University Communications , at 812-856-1896 or stjchap@indiana.edu .
" Radial motion into an Einstein - Rosen bridge , " Physics Letters B , by Nikodem J. Poplawski .
( Volume 687 , Issues 2 - 3 , 12 April 2010 , Pages 110 - 113 .
at last a nightmare before christmas tatttoo as unusual as the animation itself .
Thankyou for not adding to an already over done tattoo'd icon and for bringing some originality to the piece , its a breath of fresh air
The Ancient Greeks knew a thing or two about elegance and simplicity so it is no surprise that one of their most popular fabric choices was linen .
Linen ’s versatility and beautiful draping made it the perfect choice for the fashionable Greeks of the Classical Period .
Crinkled linen was very fashionable and was produced either by sewing the crinkles into the fabric or with starch .
Another fashionable choice was to make a shiny version of linen .
This was done by working oils into the weave .
The Greeks favored decorated hems on their linen , typically the iconic key pattern or a botanical pattern with leaves , vines and flowers .
These borders were usually dyed in a darker shade than the rest of the cloth to accentuate the pattern .
The primary clothing staple for Greek men and women was the chiton , which eventually evolved into two different styles .
The first and simplest was the Doric chiton .
A Doric chiton was basically a tunic made from one or two lengths of cloth that were folded , pinned and belted to fit the wearer .
The Doric chiton was also known as the peplos when worn by women .
Women preferred linen peplos .
It was made by folding a piece of cloth to form a double layer at the top .
A girdle was worn to cinch the garment at the waist while fibula pins were worn to fasten the linen at the shoulders .
The Ionic chiton became fashionable later than the Doric chiton but did not replace it .
Both styles were worn by men and women .
However , the Ionic chiton required more than simple draping and pinning .
The Ionic chiton was a rectangle of linen , folded in half and then sewn down the long , open side .
It was then pinned at the shoulders with fibulae .
Women ’s Ionic chitons were pleated to accentuate their femininity .
Additionally , women sometimes put oval weights into the hem so that the chiton would drape and cling to the body better .
Many women also wore a light linen shawl called a pharos which served a dual purpose .
It provided warmth in the winter by draping it over the head and as a beautiful accessory during the warmer months when worn draped across the body as a scarf .
Linen was so popular in Classical Greece that women also used it in their hair !
Dressing their hair beautifully was very important to Greek women .
A very common and elegant hairstyle choice was the chignon , especially when worn with a headdress .
One of the most frequently seen combinations was a chignon worn with a crescent shaped tiara called a stephane .
The stephane was often joined to a linen bag that supported the chignon .
Evidence of a thriving linen industry in Greece has been found on clay tablets that date back 4,000 years .
Though the Greeks loved to use linen fabric for their clothing , they had other uses for it as well .
One of the most surprising applications was for armor .
Considered Greek by many , it is believed that Alexander the Great and his men wore linen armor .
In fact , Plutarch claimed that Alexander wore a breastplate of doubled ( or folded ) linen .
It is unfortunate that no examples of this armor have survived .
However , through descriptions , paintings and sculpture , archaeologists believe they have reconstructed something very similar to Alexander ’s Kevlar like armor .
Called linothorax , the armor was made through laminating several layers of linen with a type of simple glue made from flax seeds or rabbit skins .
Linothorax was very strong , a fact that has been proven by archaeologists through rigorous testing .
It is through such tests that archaeologists now believe that Linothorax would have held up to the weaponry used in battle during Alexander ’s time .
( Mosaic of Alexander the Great found in Pompeii , believed to be wearing linothorax armor )
These are just a few examples of the myriad of ways in which linen was used by the Ancient Greeks .
From their elegant and simple use of linen fabric for clothing to the ingenious use of linen as armor , we can see that the Greek peoples found linen to be a beautiful and highly functional fabric .
Toyota faces a string of claims for damages
Toyota has announced yet more recalls , the latest being 600,000 Sienna minivans in the US due to corrosion .
The news came a day after the Japanese company halted production of its Lexus GX 460 because of safety concerns .
The latest recall affects Siennas made between 1998 and 2010 , which may suffer corrosion in the spare tyre carrier .
" In the worst case , the carrier cable may fail and the spare tyre could become separated from the vehicle , " Toyota said in a statement .
The company said it was working on a solution to the problem .
On Tuesday , the Japanese carmaker halted sales of its Lexus GX 460 SUV worldwide after a US magazine , Consumer Reports , said the vehicle 's handling during its tests posed a " safety risk " .
Toyota also said it would test all of its other SUV models , including the Land Cruiser , Land Cruiser Prado and Rav4 .
Concerning the Sienna recall , Toyota said prolonged exposure to road salt could result in excessive corrosion of the spare - tyre cable , and that they should be inspected by dealers .
Rapid expansion
Toyota overtook General Motors in 2008 as the world 's biggest carmaker , but has since blamed its quality control problems on its rapid expansion .
Executives from Toyota were fiercely criticised in the US Congress and the company 's once high reputation has been left in tatters .
Toyota has recalled more than 8 m vehicles since late 2009 for brake and accelerator defects , and is facing 97 lawsuits for damages for injury or death linked to claims that cars were faulty .
The developers behind the GWT Java framework have implemented a port of Quake 2 that runs natively in modern Web browsers .
It takes advantage of recent innovations in emerging standards - based Web technologies such as WebGL and WebSockets .
GWT is designed to enable Web application development with Java .
Developers can benefit from Java 's static typing and more rigidly structured architecture .
It generates the requisite JavaScript code that is needed for the application 's client - side components .
GWT powers several high - profile Google Web applications , including Google Wave .
The GWT developers implemented browser - based Quake by using a Java port of the Quake 2 engine on top of GWT .
GWT and the Java - based Quake engine both had to be extended and modified extensively in order for the pairing to work , but the effort paid off .
It serves as a compelling example of how emerging standards are becoming increasingly capable of delivering all of the necessary functionality for interactive 3D network gaming .
As some readers might remember , Google released a Quake demo for Native Client ( NaCl ) when the plug - in was first announced in 2008 .
The state of open Web technologies has clearly advanced since that time .
It 's no longer necessary to rely on plugins to deliver this kind of functionality .
Are you ready to start your first aluminum fence installation project ?
Installing your own aluminum fence seems like such a great idea ….
saving money on the installation , exercise in doing the project , doing it your way and the sense of accomplishment when the job is done … and it is , ALL of these things … but , if not planned properly , it could cause some un-necessary …
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
04/14/2010
Their Focus on the Family is firm -- unless Peter LaBarbera wishes to adjust it
by Jeremy Hooper
Because of pressure from from overheated , SPLC - recognized equal rights foe Peter LaBarbera , Focus on the Family has repudiated a past comment that one of their own had made in regards to a potential LGB Supreme Court nominee 's sexual orientation .
FOt F 's Tom Minnery now says to LaBarbera exclusively :
“ It has been reported that we would not oppose any U.S. Supreme Court nominee over their ’ sexual orientation . ’
Our Judicial Analyst [ Bruce Hausknecht ] made a statement to this effect in an interview with The Plum Line .
To be honest , this is one of those conversations we ’d like to ‘ do over . ’
We can assure you that we recognize that homosexual behavior is a sin and does not reflect God ’s created intent and desire for humanity .
Further , we at Focus do affirm that character and moral rectitude should be key considerations in appointing members of the judiciary , especially in the case of the highest court in the land .
Sexual behavior–be it heterosexual or homosexual–certainly lies at the heart of personal morality .
” [ Source ]
So rather than stand on the conviction that it is record that matters and not sexual orientation , Focus on the Family has chosen to align itself with a man who personally attacks people 's weddings , personally attacks transgender individuals for no reason whatsoever , publicly mocks a six - year - old girl and her family as a way of making a point about a state 's marriage ruling , asks readers to send emails to an underage teenager so that the young gay man might " find and receive godly counsel and escape the clutches of a sin movement that endangers body and soul , " and whose body of beyond - the - pale work ( including repeated links to discredited researcher Paul Cameron ) has twice attracted the attention of the Southern Poverty Law Center .
They have allowed themselves to be bullied , tossing one of their own colleagues under the bus so that they can retain a name that is synonymous with opposing LGBT people for no virtue larger than their orientation .
They have capitulated on their stance on judges , so that they could themselves seem more judgmental .
So there ya have it : Regardless of qualifications , all of this nation 's openly gay judges are automatically off the consideration list for SCOTUS .
So says Americans For Truth .
So says Colorado Springers for Capitulation .
**
** Hausknecht 's earlier comment :
“ We agree with Senator Sessions , ” Bruce Hausknecht , a spokesperson for Focus on the Family , which was founded by top religious right figure James Dobson , told me a few minutes ago .
“ The issue is not their sexual orientation .
It ’s whether they are a good judge or not . ”
Their sexual orientation “ should never come up , ” he continued .
“ It ’s not even pertinent to the equation . ”
Top Religious Right Group : We Wo n’t Oppose Gay SCOTUS Pick [ Plum Line ]
Your thoughts
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
SAN FRANCISCO -- Mark DeRosa gave the San Francisco Giants a two - out , two - strike hit that they 've been missing -- and he did it against Phillies ace Roy Halladay .
Manager Bruce Bochy called it one of his team 's best at - bats all year .
That got San Francisco started , all right .
Eli Whiteside homered and doubled in a run , Jonathan Sanchez struck out six and the Giants beat Philadelphia 5 - 1 on Monday night to hand Halladay his first loss since joining the Phillies in a blockbuster four - team trade this winter .
" That was huge , " Whiteside said of DeRosa 's grind - it - out first at - bat .
" It got us going in the first , put two on the board and gave everybody a little confidence that ' We can get to this guy . ' "
Ryan Howard went 0 for 3 with a strikeout and walk hours after the slugger agreed to a $ 125 million , five - year contract extension that could keep him with the Phillies until 2017 .
He flied out to deep center in the first , with Andres Torres going to the wall to make a tough catch .
" When you see that guy and he got that contract , he 's got to be happy out there and he 's going to swing the bat , " Sanchez said .
" It 's a big ballpark but I thought he hit it pretty good and that it was going to go out .
When he caught that ball , it was amazing . "
DeRosa hit that two - run single in the first for San Francisco and Aubrey Huff had an RBI single in the sixth after Pablo Sandoval 's leadoff double .
Sandoval slid home just to just beat the throw .
Whiteside doubled in the second to make it 3 - 0 , then hit a solo homer in the seventh .
After Whiteside 's double , Halladay ( 4 - 1 ) retired the next 10 hitters in order before Torres dived to beat out an infield single .
Halladay had a six - start winning streak snapped , the second - longest of his career .
The right - hander came in with an 0.82 ERA -- third - best in the National League -- but it rose to 1.80 .
" We got to one of the best pitchers in the league , " Giants reliever Sergio Romo said .
" Every game out you have a feeling he 's going to go CG [ complete game ] . "
Halladay 's three earned runs in the first two innings were as many as he'd given up in his four previous starts combined .
He had pitched a five - hit shutout of the Braves in his previous start .
Halladay was tagged for 10 hits and five runs in seven innings , struck out five and did n't walk a batter for the third time this season in a 104 - pitch night .
" They come after us .
When we play them , they definitely want to beat us , " Phillies manager Charlie Manuel said .
" They looked better than we did .
They had more energy .
They were flashy .
They were having more fun .
I saw that .
... I was hearing today , fans were telling me , that they were having trouble hitting .
I wo n't ever believe that .
They came out swinging on him . "
Sanchez ( 2 - 1 ) , who threw a no-hitter last July 10 , labored through five innings .
He allowed three hits and one run and walked five .
The lefty escaped a bases - loaded jam in the third .
He struck out Jayson Werth for the second out , then got Ben Francisco on a shallow fly to right that Nate Schierholtz ran hard to retrieve .
Chase Utley had an RBI groundout in the fifth for the Phillies ' lone run , then Sanchez struck out Howard before a walk to Jayson Werth drew a visit from pitching coach Dave Righetti .
Sanchez then got Ben Francisco to fly out to left .
Shane Victorino hit his first two doubles of the season and singled for the Phillies , who are in the final series of a nine - game trip .
Halladay had faced the Giants only twice previously , getting a no-decision in his last start against them on June 17 , 2004 .
He 's 0 - 2 against San Francisco , one of four teams he 's yet to beat .
" They hit some good pitches and I made some poor pitches that cost me , " Halladay said .
" They were getting to some decent pitches .
Sandoval hit a couple balls that were [ on the ] chalkline in the batter 's box .
Learn from it and move on . "
The 2003 AL Cy Young Award winner was traded to Philadelphia on Dec. 16 after 12 seasons with Toronto .
The swap also included Cliff Lee , who went to Seattle .
The Giants 3 for 7 with runners in scoring position after going 0 for 6 on Sunday .
They had been just 5 for 54 with runners in scoring position over the previous seven games .
Game notes
Sandoval is hitting .425 at home ( 17 for 40 ) .
... Sanchez has n't allowed a hit to a lefty batter all year in 14 at - bats .
... San Francisco C Bengie Molina had the day off .
... Injured Giants 2B Juan Uribe , nursing tightness in his right elbow , took early hitting and was available to pinch hit .
Bochy does n't expect Uribe back in the starting lineup until at least Wednesday .
He still has n't thrown since leaving early from Saturday 's game against St. Louis .
... A moment of silence was held before the national anthem for former Golden State Warriors owner Franklin Mieuli , who died Sunday at age 89 .
...
Sharks hockey star Dany Heatley threw out the ceremonial first pitch .
San Jose is on to the second round of the playoffs .
10 Things You Might Not Know About Google
This article is written by Philipp Lenssen as part of the Blog Swap with Seth Finkelstein – Seth 's article on 10 Things You Might Not Know About Censorware can be found at Philipp 's blog .
1. Google query syntax underwent some subtle changes over the years .
Not too long ago , you could n't enter more than 10 words into the Google search box .
Or to be more precisely , you * could * , but subsequent words were ignored .
I bet the Google founders were thinking " 10 words ought to be enough for everyone , " and mostly there were right – but for some advanced uses , especially with the Google Search API , a little more is helpful .
Then , a while ago , Google increased the words limit to 32 words .
This is probably OK for a few more years !
Another change is that Google ignores stop words nowadays .
Stop words in search engines are words like " the " or " a " which are too tiny or common to be useful additions to most searches .
However , Google is now accepting them as semi-normal words ( one remaining difference being that they 're not highlighted , or linked to the dictionary ) .
This means in Google.com , you get different results when search for [ the tale of a cowboy ] vs [* tale * * cowboy ] vs [ tale cowboy ] .
( I 'll be using square brackets around search queries – they 're not to be included in the search . )
Another operator changed its functionality during the years ; a couple of years ago , you could only query Google for [ site:something.com ] , but not [ site:something.com /something / ] .
Today , you can add folders to the site operator .
2. Google itself was Beta .
These days , everyone puts a Beta tag on their 2.0 - ish web app .
But did you know back in 1998 , when Google launched their search , it was also in Beta ?
Take a look at a copy stored in the WayBack Machine to see it .
Be aware the page might look quite ugly by today 's standards ... heck , it was probably ugly even back in 1998 ( then again , so was my homepage in 1998 ! ) .
3. PageRank more than 1 - 10 – maybe .
While no one outside Google knows for sure , it is often speculated that Google 's PageRank value – the " authority rank " ( or quantity of backlinks which themselves receive lots of backlinks ) – is a much more precise number than the plain 1 , 2 , 3 ... 10 values .
A float , not an integer , if you will .
So , for example , if you 're looking at a site which shows a PageRank 8 in the Google Toolbar , its internal PageRank may be something like 8.355 ( or however precise Google 's number is ) .
But we do n't know for sure – maybe Google 's algorithms prefer speed over quality when it comes to the recursive PR calculations of billions of pages .
This calculation might not be a breeze even for Google 's 10,000 - 200,000 computers ( that 's another number we can't be too sure of outside of Google ) .
4. Google 's co-founders did n't like each other in the beginning .
I guess when you 're an uber - geek , like Google founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin are , you are also very competitive ( to the point of risk being arrogant towards slower thinkers , maybe ) .
John Battelle in his book The Search ( page 67/68 ) , tells of how the two met at Stanford University in the summer of ' 95 :
Like most schools , Stanford invites potential recruits to the campus for a tour .
But it was n't on the pastoral campus that Page met Brin – it was on the streets of San Francisco .
Brin , a second - year student known to be gregarious , had signed up to be a student guide of sorts .
His role that day was to show a group of prospective first - years around the City by the Bay .
Page ended up in Brin 's group , but it was n't exactly love at first sight .
" Sergey is pretty social ; he likes meeting people . "
Page recalls , contrasting that quality with his own reticence .
" I thought he was pretty obnoxious .
He had really strong opinions about things , and I guess I did , too . "
" We both found each other obnoxious , " Brin counters when I tell him of Page 's response .
" But we say it a little bit jokingly .
Obviously we spent a lot of time talking to each other , so there was something there .
We had a kind of bantering thing going . "
5. Google has 16 official blogs .
You might have come across the official Google Blog .
But did you know Google actually has 16 different – and all official – blogs ( give or take one ) ?
Here 's the full list ( I 'm also collecting these all on one page ) :
Google Blog - googleblog.blogspot.com
Google Talkabout - googletalk.blogspot.com
Google Base Blog - googlebase.blogspot.com
Google Video - googlevideo.blogspot.com
Inside Google Desktop - googledesktop.blogspot.com
Google Code - code.google.com
Inside AdWords - adwords.blogspot.com
Inside AdSense - adsense.blogspot.com
Google Reader Blog - googlereader.blogspot.com
Blogger Buzz - buzz.blogger.com
AdWords API Blog - adwordsapi.blogspot.com
Google Enterprise Blog - googleenterprise.blogspot.com
Google Research - googleresearch.blogspot.com
Google Maps API Blog - googlemapsapi.blogspot.com
Google Writely - writely.blogspot.com
Inside Google Book Search - booksearch.blogspot.com
6 . Google self - censors in several countries .
You heard about how Google self - censors in China ( e.g. human rights sites top - ranked by Google in other countries are missing in Google.cn ) .
But did you know that Google showed censored search results in other countries for years , sometimes even without showing a disclaimer that something was missing ?
In Germany and France , that was the case .
You can see this for yourself if you first search Google.com for [ site:ety.com ] .
This will result in 9,940 results .
Now if you do the same search on Google .
fr – Google France – you get zero results .
However , there 's a disclaimer at the bottom :
" In response to a legal request submitted to Google , we have removed 260 result (s ) from this page .
If you wish , you may read more about the request at ChillingEffects.org . "
Note Google 's disclaimer is showing the wrong number of missing pages – it 1,000s , not 260 .
Following the link to Chilling Effects , we see this text :
Google received complaints prior to March 2005 about URLs that are alleged to be illegal under U.S. or local law .
In response to these complaints , one or more URLs that would have appeared for this search were not displayed .
In other words , Google is not censoring this out of their own belief , but by following government requests .
Now what 's ety.com anyway , except being one of the many censored domains ?
A quick glance will show it 's some kind of stupid Nazi propaganda site , illegal by some country 's standards .
But you know what Voltaire said ...
" I may disagree with what you say , but I will defend to the death your right to say it . "
7 . Google stopped counting their index size .
Since around 2001 , Google on their front - page were proud to show off the number of pages they search through ... a number that went from a billion and a half to over 8 billion ( according to Google ) .
Today , Google does n't show this number anymore .
Maybe Googlers – that 's what Google employees are called – realized that results quality beats results quantity .
Or maybe they just realized that by sheer numbers , competitors were winning .
In August 2005 , Yahoo in their blog announced :
As it turns out we have grown our index and just reached a significant milestone at Yahoo !
Search – our index now provides access to over 20 billion items (... ) [ including ] over 19.2 billion web documents
Today , when you want to find out about the Google index size , there 's a workaround though : search Google for [ " * * " ] – that 's a good estimate .
Right now , it 's displaying 25,270,000,000 pages .
In a direct comparison , when we search for " the " on both Google and Yahoo , Google shows a couple of billion pages more .
Then again , these numbers are hard to verify – Google only lets us see the first 1000 results for each query .
And in the end , who wants to see more than that anyway ?
Most people do n't even go beyond the first 10 results , and rather adjust their search query instead !
8. The Google API may offer over 1,000 requests .
If you 're a developer utilizing the Google web search API , and you need way beyond the 1,000 requests per day Google offers by default , here 's a tip : you can email the Google API support and request more hits for your API key .
Depending on your projects and traffic needs , which you will have to outline , Google just might grant you the request !
9 . Google comic book search .
While Google does n't have its own comic book search engine , you can still achieve good results by going to Google Images , setting the file size to " Large images " , and then searching for [ comics ] .
Using this setting , you can also search for an artist 's name , like [ " john byrne " ] , [ " john romita jr " ] , [ " frank miller " ] or [ " daniel clowes " ] .
You might even have some fun adding your own speech bubbles to the comic book pages you find ( use a free font like WebLetterer for best results ) ...
10 . Google Writely is a multi-user chat .
OK , so Writely – which Google recently acquired – is not really a chat , but an online word processor .
However , by inviting others to your Writely document , you can group - edit any document ... and see the changes by others merged into the document as you type !
This feature allows you to chat with a group , and you can have fun with positioning text on different places on the screen , wiki-editing what others wrote , or adding colors and images .
