Is Making Child Hold a Sign Strict Parenting or Just Humiliating ?
Second - grader made to advertise own misbehavior says he will do better .
Feb . 11 , 2008  --
After her 8 - year - old son acted up in class , a Jacksonville , Fla. , mom employed a controversial punishment to teach him a lesson .
Marcia
Harvey made her son Roland stand on the sidewalk for three hours with a sign telling the world how he misbehaved in his second - grade class .
The sign read , " I was rude to my teacher .
I can't come to school .
I am sorry . "
The other side read , " I will make good choices . "
Harvey said today on " Good Morning America " that she did n't want to embarrass her son , but thought a different type of punishment might get the message across .
" It was a way of getting his attention and getting him back on track , " Harvey said .
" I want him to be successful in life . "
Many ABCNews.com readers praised Harvey last week for taking a strong stand .
One comment read : " It 's refreshing to see parents discipline their children without fear of reprisal . "
But the sight of teary - eyed Roland tugged the heart strings of others readers , some of whom said Harvey had taken the punishment too far .
Some experts agree , saying teaching by humiliation does not work .
" All it will do is produce more anger and resentment in the child , " said psychologist Jill Hunziker .
Harvey is not the first parent to try this form of discipline .
Fed up by her 14 - year old daughter 's bad grades , one Oklahoma City mom forced the teen to stand at a busy intersection wearing a sign that promised she would try harder in school .
" I was embarrassed and I think it helped me a lot , " said the daughter , Coretha Henderson .
" It helped me realize that I can do better and I need to try harder . "
Twelve - year - old Dustin Murphy was sent out with a sign after being kicked out of school for the seventh time .
Hunziker said while this form of punishment is n't necessarily the best , Harvey 's heart was in the right place .
He may not do it again because he 'll be humiliated or he 'll get in trouble but it seems to me that the mother was concerned about him being a good student and she wants him to learn how to be a good person , " Hunziker said .
As for Roland , who is an honor roll student , he says he has learned his lesson .
" I got to be good in school and do right , " he said .
In it , Washington 's Treasury in effect accuses Iran 's banking system , up to and including its central bank , of being complicit in money laundering associated with nuclear weapons proliferation and terrorism .
The Treasury is warning banks worldwide to think twice about doing any business with 51 state - owned and seven private Iranian banks involved in foreign operations .
" Through state - owned banks , the Government of Iran disguises its involvement in proliferation and terrorism activities specifically designed to evade detection , " it says , accusing Bank Markazi , the central bank , of helping disguise suspect transactions and helping sanctioned commercial banks continue to do business .
The notice is being interpreted in some quarters as a prelude to a blacklisting of all Iranian banks under the US Patriot Act's Section 311 powers , requiring all American financial institutions to sever ties with them .
While American banks do n't do business with Iran - in Iran the only international credit card you can use is Mastercard , set up by British banks - the effect of such a ban is much wider .
Banks from other countries also shy away from the sanctioned outfits , for fear of being contaminated in the eyes of American regulators .
Tay Za , the pre-eminent business crony of the Burmese military regime , found this to his cost after being put on the " Specifically Designated Nationals List " of the US Treasury along with other regime figures after the suppressed popular uprising last September .
Immediately after the listing , a widely circulated email attributed to his 19 - year - old son , Htet Tay Za , boasted : " [ The ] US bans us , we 're still f-- king cool in Singapore .
We 're sitting on the whole Burma GDP .
We 've got timber , gems and gas to be sold to other countries like Singapore , China , India and Russia . "
Not long after , a Singapore bank pulled its lines of credit to Tay Za's Air Bagan for the purchase of two Airbus jets , and his hopes of expanding the airline internationally were grounded .
Although Singapore is not obliged to follow US sanctions , its banks evidently saw a risk to their US and international business from having sanctioned Burmese individuals and businesses on their books .
Earlier , in September 2005 , the US Treasury applied a Section 311 listing to Macau's Banco Delta Asia for allegedly helping North Korea launder funds and pass fake $ US100 bills .
The ensuing run on the bank forced it to cut all business with North Korea and scared many other foreign banks away .
Neither Burma nor North Korea are at all significant in world trade or financial flows .
Iran is another matter , ranking as the world 's fourth - biggest oil producer and exporter , and with $ US125 billion ( $ 135 billion ) in its total trade , according to 2006 figures .
What would happen to these oil flows and this trade if the Americans succeed in dragooning banks worldwide away from providing the finance ?
Presumably some of the trade could be directed via intermediaries such as the Gulf states .
But the Gulf sheikdoms are all US protectorates heavily dependent on American goodwill .
Could there be a rebellion against US financial system domination , say by China , which is increasingly reliant on oil from Iran and some other countries out of Western favour ?
Unlikely : so far China has not used its veto against United Nations Security Council resolutions that have steadily tightened financial sanctions on Iran .
The latest , on March 3 , specifically called member states to " exercise vigilance " on Iranian banks , including the two largest commercial banks , Bank Melli and Bank Saderat .
A Tokyo - based financial analyst ( in the always interesting website japanfocus.org ) , John McGlynn , said Iranian trade officials started complaining openly in December that Chinese banks were refusing to open new letters of credit .
It 's not another war in the Middle East , but how it affects Iran 's already faltering economy and its paranoid - minded ruling clique of Revolutionary Guards and mullahs we do n't know .
As pressure it will be powerful , and like the atom bomb , the collateral damage could be extensive .
Für Kinder ist es das Größte - ein Ausflug !
Für Eltern , Großeltern , Tanten und Onkel oder sonstige " Betreuer " entwickelt sich ein Ausflug gerne und schnell zu einem anstrengenden und nervenaufreibenden Tagesprogramm .
Leichter wird es auf jeden Fall , wenn das gesamte Ausflugequipment leicht und übersichtlich in einem faltbaren Bollerwagen verstaut wird .
Sie haben keine schwere Last auf dem Rücken , im Notfall immer 2 Hände frei und die kleinen Ausflügler können auch etappenweise Platz nehmen und die Eindrücke des Ausflugs verarbeiten .
Wenn Sie einen Bollerwagen kaufen - dann achten
Sie unbedingt darauf , dass der Bollerwagen faltbar ist .
Warum ?
Die Gründe liegen auf der Hand :
platzsparend beim Transport in PKW , Bahn , etc .
leicht zu handeln / lenken
auch in den eigenen 4 - Wänden ist der Bollerwagen leicht zu verstauen ( Keller , Garage , Dachboden , etc . )
durch das geringe Eigengewicht können aus problemlos Wald - und Sandwege bewältigt werden
Kinder lieben es einen Ausflug zu planen und wichtige Dinge wie Spielzeug , Kuscheltiere oder Picknick - Utensilien einzupacken .
Da Gerät der eigene kleine Kinderrucksack schon einmal schnell an seine Kapazitätsgrenzen .
Was gibt es schöneres als dein Familien - bzw .
Gruppenbollerwagen zu nutzen und zu bepacken .
Ihre Kinder Werdes es lieben - und Sie können dank des hervorragenden Handlings ganz einfach manövrieren und lenken .
Der faltbare Bollerwagen ist das persönliche Backup für alle " notwendigen " Ausflugsutensilien .
Die Belastbarkeit liegt bei ca. 100 kg uns somit besteht durchaus die Chance , dass der ein oder andere Ausflugsteilnehmen die Annehmlichkeiten zu schätzen lernt und Sie somit auch große Etappen bewerktstelligen können .
Fazit : Zögen
Sie nicht , kaufen
Sie noch heute einen faltbaren Bollerwagen .
Achten Sie auf robustes Material und qualitativ hochwertige Verarbeitung - denn dann kann bei Ihrem nächsten Ausflug absolut nichts schief gehen .
Ein weiterer wichtiger Punkt sind die richtigen Reifen - hier macht es Sinn zu überlegen für welchen Einsatz Sie Ihren Bollerwagen überwiegend nutzen wollen .
Unterscheiden Sie zwischen Luft und Kunststoffreifen und passen Sie Ihren Bollerwagen individuell auf Ihre Bedürfnisse an . Ebenfalls wichtig kann entsprechendes Zubehör sein .
Ein Sonnensegel gegen die Hitze und Sonnenbrand ?
Einen Flaschenhalter für eine kleine Erfrischung der Mitreisenden ?
Oder auch Extra - Taschen und mehr Platz für die Passagiere zu bieten .
Thanks to the How Appealing blog , we are often directed to the scrumptious opinions of Seventh Circuit judge Frank Easterbrook .
Today , Judge Easterbrook handed down this gem today .
Read it in full .
It 's fun .
In short , the Seventh Circuit affirmed a trial - court ruling in favor of the FTC , which had brought suit against the makers of the Q - Ray Ionized Bracelet .
The defendants were ordered to disgorge more than $ 16 million in profits from selling the product , which , as Judge Easterbrook pointed out in his opening sentence , Wired ...
The Ugly Political Question , In 2008 And 1988
Here 's reader email from Talking Points Memo :
I am appalled , though not surprised , at the complete silence by the candidates on the last few days ' events on Wall Street and the world 's stock , bond and currency markets .
This has far more effect on all of our futures than racist comments by the oxygen deprived brains of some old political or spiritual leaders .
I know why Clinton and McCain are not talking about it : too many of their biggest supporters had too much to do with what happened ... What about Obama ?...
Maybe if the media first tried to understand the problems , then asked the proper questions until answers were forthcoming or it was clear the candidates are afraid to ask them , political coverage would be more than the extreme sports coverage it has turned into .
I strongly suspect we 're seeing a replay of what happened with the S&L crisis in the eighties .
The business details are n't exactly the same , but the political dynamics are .
At first the S&Ls were a fairly small problem .
But fixing it when it was small would have required the financial industry to take a big hit .
So Wall Street wanted to keep the game going until the problem was gigantic , and could only be dealt with by a federal government bailout .
Meanwhile , both Republicans and Democrats were at fault , so they collaborated to prevent it becoming an issue during the 1988 election .
Working together , they were able to cost the US taxpayers hundreds of billions of dollars .
Everything 's the same today , except this may be an even more impressive , multi-trillion dollar success .
Here 's an excerpt from William Greider 's 1992 book Who Will Tell the People describing the process with S&Ls .
It 's long , but well worth reading :
The ugly political question that explains the politicians ' stalling and obfuscation was always this :
Would the taxpayers be compelled to put up the money to resolve this financial breakdown ?... [ I ] f the taxpayers were n't going to pay for it , then the industry itself would have to .
The modest $ 10 billion bailout enacted in 1987 employed federally guaranteed borrowing to raise the money but the funds were in theory going to be repaid by the S&L associations themselves ...
Thus , if Congress had provided prompt , adequate financing to solve the crisis , that would have meant raising the industry 's premiums sharply ...
The saving and loan industry proposed a political alternative : Paper over the problem for now and let the next president deal with it ...
Kenneth McLean , staff director of the Senate Banking Committee ... explained the subtext driving the congressional decision : " You were talking about taking away industry money and they said , look , we 're paying for this mess ... So the message was : Let 's let the problem build up and dump it on the taxpayers . "
Congress , in effect , acquiesced to that logic and so did the Reagan administration .
Sure enough , it was dumped on the taxpayers .
A delicate political problem remained for both Democrats and Republicans .
Having temporarily papered over the crisis , now they would have to get through the 1988 presidential election without the people finding out .
This proved to be relatively easy since the only remaining power center that might have turned this into an embarrassing campaign issue was the news media .
Politicians in both parties counted on political reporters not to catch on and they were not disappointed ...
The financial industry naturally shared the politicians ' interest in discretion , but the bailout plans were not closely guarded secrets .
An inquiring reporter could obtain copies with any special effort at digging .
Robert Dugger , lobbyist and chief economist of the ABA , explained the politics : " Everyone knew the game was : Democrats do n't bring this up .
Republicans do n't bring this up .
Because a firefight on this issue will have more bodies on both sides than anyone wants to lose .
The financial community knew that and we all knew where the play was :
Wage the presidential campaign on all issues , but do n't use the thrift crisis .
We all know it has to be dealt with .
We 'll do it right after the election " ...
At the White House , the immediate goal was to get Ronald Reagan safely into retirement without having his final year in Washington marred by an embarrassing taxpayer bailout for a deregulated industry .
When Dan Brumbaugh was briefly considered as a candidate for the job of chief S&L regulator , the word came back to him through political channels : " If this guy really wants this job , he 's going to have to sit down with Howard Baker [ Reagan 's White House chief of staff ] and assure Baker that we can hold things together until this president gets out of town . "
— Jonathan Schwarz
Posted at March 17 , 2008 04:51 PM
Are Men Really More Competitive Than Women ?
The conventional wisdom holds that men and women have different abilities when it comes to competition ( a view that ’s certainly being challenged in the current Democratic primary ) .
Labels like “ lacking the killer instinct , ” “ peacemaker , ” and “ avoiding confrontation ” are commonly assigned to women in competitive environments , while the supposed male knack for thriving in competition is cited as a reason for the persistent wage gap between the sexes .
But is an enhanced or decreased competitive drive a result of biology , or simply a culturally instilled trait ?
University of Chicago professors Uri Gneezy and John List and Columbia professor Kenneth Leonard performed a controlled experiment to test this question , and published their results in the new working paper , “ Gender Differences in Competition : Evidence From a Matrilineal and a Patriarchal Society . ”
Their method consisted of studying two distinct social groups : the Maasai in Tanzania , a “ textbook example of a patriarchal society ” in which women and children are considered “ property , ” and the Khasi in India , who are matrilineal , meaning female - dominated through inheritance laws , household authority , and social structures — though still distinct from “ matriarchal , ” since , as the authors point out , “ the sociological literature is almost unanimous in the conclusion that truly matriarchal societies no longer exist . ”
Gneezy , List , and Leonard tested the competitive drives of 155 subjects , male and female , by gathering groups of men and women from both tribes , offering them money in exchange for participation in an experiment , separating them into individual rooms , and then giving them tasks like tossing a tennis ball into a bucket 10 times .
Each subject was told that he or she was competing against an unnamed rival in another room , and was given a choice of payment options : receive either a ) “ X per successful shot , regardless of the performance of the participant from the other group with whom they were randomly matched ; ” or b ) “ 3X per successful shot if they outperformed the other participant . ”
Their results are summarized as follows :
Our experimental results reveal interesting differences in competitiveness : in the patriarchal society women are less competitive than men , a result consistent with student data drawn from Western cultures .
Yet , this result reverses in the matrilineal society , where we find that women are more competitive than men .
Perhaps surprisingly , Khasi women are even slightly more competitive than Maasai men , but this difference is not statistically significant at conventional levels under any of our formal statistical tests .
While plenty of studies have contrasted the competitive drives of men and women , few , if any , have isolated subjects who ’ve spent their lives blissfully free of Western ( and Eastern , for that matter ) cultural biases about gender .
Now if we could only test how the Khasi women fare in corporate law firms …
Jayne Cobb By CantonHeroine Watch
1K Favourites 287 Comments 25 K Views
I LOVE - LOVE -LOVE FIREFLY , and the character of Jayne especially , so I went the whole hog on this one .
3H - 6B and a fineliner pen for some of the straight edges .
There are so many layers built up , I can't even count .
I probably went through half a can of fixative .
I should also mention that there is extensive use of the eraser to get that transparent glowy look .
IMAGE DETAILS Image size 850x1201px 289.93 KB
Show More
Published : Jul 26 , 2006
This is hysterical .
It ’s not quite the story of a potential Commander - in - Chief in action , which is Hillary Clinton ’s version .
Mary Ann Akers ,
The Sleuth at the Washington Post , has an interview with Sinbad :
Sinbad , along with singer Sheryl Crow , was on that 1996 trip to Bosnia that Clinton has described as a harrowing international experience that makes her tested and ready to answer a 3 a .m. phone call at the White House on day one , a claim for which she ’s taking much grief on the campaign trail .
Harrowing ?
Not that Sinbad recalls .
He just remembers it being a USO tour to buck up the troops amid a much worse situation than he had imagined between the Bosnians and Serbs .
In an interview with the Sleuth Monday , he said the “ scariest ” part of the trip was wondering where he ’d eat next .
“ I think the only ‘ red - phone ’ moment was : ‘ Do we eat here or at the next place . ' ”
Clinton , during a late December campaign appearance in Iowa , described a hair - raising corkscrew landing in war - torn Bosnia , a trip she took with her then - teenage daughter , Chelsea .
“ They said there might be sniper fire , ” Clinton said .
Threat of bullets ?
Sinbad does n’t remember that , either .
“ I never felt that I was in a dangerous position .
I never felt being in a sense of peril , or ‘ Oh , God , I hope I ’m going to be OK when I get out of this helicopter or when I get out of his tank . ' ”
In her Iowa stump speech , Clinton also said , “ We used to say in the White House that if a place is too dangerous , too small or too poor , send the First Lady . ”
Say what ?
As Sinbad put it : “ What kind of president would say , ‘ Hey , man , I ca n’t go ’cause I might get shot so I ’m going to send my wife …oh , and take a guitar player and a comedian with you . ' ”
' Stop the Fox News Virus , ' says filmmaker in new vid Chris Tackett
Published : Friday March 14 , 2008
|
Print This Email
This " [ Obama ] is a ' Halfrican ' . "
" He sounds like Hitler . "
" Will Prez Barack blame America first ? "
" Patriotism makes [ Obama ] a little uncomfortable . "
" He 's so liberal , he 's anti-American ! "
These are just a few examples of the many biased attacks coming from the right - wing Fox News channel towards Democratic White House hopeful Sen.
Barack Obama , argues a coalition of media watchdogs and progressive groups in a new video .
Brave New Films highlights these and other audio and video clips to demonstrate what the filmmakers call the " Fox News Virus " .
To illustrate the way these narrative attacks work , clips are shown of Fox News hosts or guests making a statement about Obama , along with the date of the statement , followed by a later statement from a pundit on a different channel .
The idea , the filmmakers suggest , is that attacks are repeated by Fox News hosts and guests on the channel over the course of weeks and months until they eventually spill over into other news outlets .
The Brave New Films video , the most recent in an ongoing series , offers multiple examples of this This phenomenon , which David Brock , himself a former , self - described conservative attack - journalist , described in his book The Republican Noise Machine : Right - Wing Media and How It Corrupts Democracy , is nothing new .
Brock later went on to leave right - wing media and founded Media Matters for America , an organization that aims to expose and counter bias in the media .
In a similar fashion , Brave New Films , founded by filmmaker Robert Greenwald , also aims to counter bias and misinformation .
The video below is the latest part of their series , Fox Attacks .
Part 1 can be viewed here .
Americans are spending more money than ever to treat spine problems , but their backs are not getting any better .
Those are the findings of a report in The Journal of the American Medical Association , which found that spending on spine treatments in the United States totaled nearly $ 86 billion in 2005 , a rise of 65 percent from 1997 , after adjusting for inflation .
Even so , the proportion of people with impaired function because of spine problems increased during the period , even after controlling for an aging population .
“ You ’d think if you ’re putting a lot of money into a problem , you ’d see some improvements in health status , ” said Brook I. Martin , research scientist at the Department of Orthopedics and Sports Medicine at the University of Washington and lead author on the study , published Wednesday .
“ We ’re putting a lot of money into this problem , and it ’s a big investment in health care expenditures , but we ’re not seeing health status commensurate with those investments . ”
The report is the latest to suggest that the nation is losing its battle against back pain , and that many popular treatments may be ineffective or overused .
Researchers have produced conflicting data about the effectiveness of spinal surgery for back pain , although one major clinical trial , known by the acronym Sport , showed that spinal surgery patients did better than patients receiving more conservative care , which included medications or physical therapy .
However , some doctors have questioned whether surgeries , injections and narcotic pain medications are being used appropriately .
A pair of galaxies , known collectively as Arp 87 , is one of hundreds of interacting and merging galaxies known in our nearby Universe .
Arp 87 was originally discovered and catalogued by astronomer Halton Arp in the 1970s .
Arp's Atlas of Peculiar Galaxies is a compilation of astronomical photographs using the Palomar 200 - inch Hale and the 48 - inch Samuel Oschin telescopes .
The resolution in the Hubble image shows exquisite detail and fine structure that was not observable when Arp 87 was first discovered in the 1970's .
The two main players comprising Arp 87 are NGC 3808 on the right ( the larger of the two galaxies ) and its companion NGC 3808A on the left .
NGC 3808 is a nearly face - on spiral galaxy with a bright ring of star formation and several prominent dust arms .
Stars , gas , and dust flow from NGC 3808 , forming an enveloping arm around its companion .
NGC 3808A is a spiral galaxy seen edge - on and is surrounded by a rotating ring that contains stars and interstellar gas clouds .
The ring is situated perpendicular to the plane of the host galaxy disk and is called a " polar ring . "
As seen in other mergers similar to Arp 87 , the corkscrew shape of the tidal material or bridge of shared matter between the two galaxies suggests that some stars and gas drawn from the larger galaxy have been caught in the gravitational pull of the smaller one .
The shapes of both galaxies have been distorted by their gravitational interaction with one another .
Interacting galaxies often exhibit high rates of star formation .
Many lines of evidence -- colours of their starlight , intensity of emission lines from interstellar gas , far - infrared output from heated interstellar dust -- support this fact .
Some merging galaxies have the highest levels of star formation we can find anywhere in the nearby Universe .
A major aspect of this excess star formation could be properly revealed only when Hubble turned its imaging capabilities toward colliding galaxies .
Among the observatory 's first discoveries was that galaxies with very active star formation contain large numbers of super star clusters -- clusters more compact and richer in young stars than astronomers were accustomed to seeing in our galactic neighbourhood .
Arp 87 is in the constellation Leo , the Lion , approximately 300 million light - years away from Earth .
These observations were taken in February 2007 with the Wide Field Planetary Camera 2 .
Light from isolated blue , green , red , and infrared ranges was combined to form this colour image .
Click Here For Latest News / Dev Blog
Shredz64 is a modern day game for the Commodore 64 that makes use of the Playstation guitar controller hooked through the PSX64 interface .
Its design is modeled against the popular “ Guitar Hero ” series , geared toward the ability to play along to your favorite C64 music on the guitar .
Correctly played notes increase your score and applause meter , while incorrectly played notes decrease your applause meter .
If the crowd stops applauding , you ’re out !
Additionally , Shredz64 features the “ shredocity ” meter that allows for extra points when you ’re doing an awesome job shredding to your favorite chiptune .
Watch Shredz64 in action or Download Now !
Shredz64 features the following :
The ability to play ( many ) SID files , including ones added by the player .
The ability to edit “ notes ” ( the buttons that scroll during gameplay ) for both built in and imported songs .
Pseudo 3D gameplay to give it the look and feel of a modern day game .
High score tracking , 5 scores for each song .
The ability to detect when the guitar is lifted up to activate shred mode .
Further information and song downloads can be found at Synthetic Dreams .
Sometimes you might hear a person talking about mental disorders like depression or bipolar disorder without really understanding what they mean .
What is depression ?
What is bipolar disorder ?
Why do we refer to these things as mental health issues or mental disorders rather than a medical disease ?
And does it matter what we call a thing ?
Depression is a Mental Disorder , not a Disease
While psychiatric medications and their resulting television commercials in the 1990’s and this decade have done much to help people seek treatment for a mental disorder like depression , they have n’t done much to help people understand the complexities of things like “ depression ” and “ bipolar disorder . ”
These things are called disorders , not diseases , for a reason .
A disorder simply means something that is out of the ordinary , which depression and other mental disorders are .
They are more specifically a cluster of symptoms that research has shown to correlate highly with a specific emotional state .
By David Shukman
BBC environment correspondent , Midway
Cannot play media .
Sorry you need to have JavaScript enabled on your browser .
Advertisement
On the coral atoll of Midway in the central Pacific - famous for America 's first victory over the Japanese fleet in World War Two - wildlife experts are facing a new battle against a rising tide of plastic waste .
The Midway Islands are home to some of the world 's most valuable and endangered species and they all are at risk from choking , starving or drowning in the plastic drifting in the ocean .
Nearly two million Laysan albatrosses live here and researchers have come to the staggering conclusion that every single one contains some quantity of plastic .
About one - third of all albatross chicks die on Midway , many as the result of being mistakenly fed plastic by their parents .
I watched as the deputy manager of the wildlife refuge here , Matt Brown , opened the corpse of one albatross and found inside it the handle of a toothbrush , a bottle top and a piece of fishing net .
The gyre drives waste towards Midway
Diary :
The middle of nowhere
He explained how some chicks never develop the strength to fly off the islands to search for food because their stomachs are filled with plastic .
" It is disheartening to see such a monumental problem .
It 's really going to take not just people in a refuge or people working with birds like this - it 's really a global effort to solve this problem . "
According to Matt Brown , the need for action is urgent because plastic waste adds to a list of existing threats .
" The plastic is just another , very large straw on the camel 's back that 's really endangering the future of these birds . "
Many albatrosses are found to have swallowed disposable cigarette lighters - which look remarkably similar to their staple food of squid .
One chick has grown up with this hook in its mouth Others become ensnared in plastic .
We were alerted to one albatross chick with a large green hook fixed inside its beak .
The beak itself had become deformed .
One of the experts here , John Klavitter , carefully extracted the hook and found a small plastic net dangling from it .
The net may once have held some fruit , hung on display in some distant shop , only to end up threatening the life of one of the world 's greatest sea-birds .
The staff here regularly try to clear up the plastic but the task is huge .
We filmed a clean - up operation on one short stretch of beach and after just 30 minutes there was a vast pile of fishing floats , bottles , plastic sheeting , toys , torches , and deodorant sticks .
A relentless battle : Each tide brings a new swathe of waste
One challenge is finding every small piece of plastic - it's often the tiniest fragments that cause most damage .
Another is maintaining morale as each tide or wind brings another load of plastic to Midway 's shores .
In theory the wildlife here enjoys a double layer of bureaucratic protection - lying within a wildlife refuge and a newly declared Marine National Monument .
But none of that counts for much if products designed to be cheap , durable and long - lasting are allowed into the oceans in the first place .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
What does the telecommunications traffic flowing in and out of New York City reveal about the city that never sleeps ?
To find out , researchers from the senseable city laboratory at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology have created a novel project that reveals the complex dynamics of talk that exist between New York and other cities around the globe .
The project , called New York Talk Exchange ( NYTE ) , is based around an analysis of telecommunications traffic flowing to and from New York City and will debut Feb. 24 , 2008 , as part of The Museum of Modern Art ( MoMA ) exhibition , " Design and the Elastic Mind . "
" It is like showing how the heart of New York pulsates in real time and how it connects with the global network of cities , " said Carlo Ratti , director of the senseable city laboratory and associate professor of the practice of urban technologies at MIT .
" We are interested in visualizing and exploring the connections that New York entertains with the rest of the world , how they change over the course of a day , and how the city 's neighborhoods differ from each other by maintaining special and distinct relationships with particular cities and countries , " said Kristian Kloeckl , project leader at the senseable city laboratory .
NYTE uses data flows from the AT&T network that measure the volume of Internet protocol ( IP ) and voice traffic flowing in and out of New York at a given time .
These data are then projected as three large visualizations that will hang at MoMA , and will also be accessible over the web at http://senseable.mit.edu/nyte.
The first visualization , called Globe Encounters , uses 3 - D real - time animations to show New York 's global connections to other world cities - a kind of " globalization in real time . "
The second , called Pulse of the Planet , shows how those connections change over the course of the day as time zones sweep across the planet .
It also shows how New York follows a 24 - hour schedule , as if it were always awake to connect to the rest of the globe .
The third zooms inside New York City 's five boroughs and explores how global connections vary from neighborhood to neighborhood - a kind of " globalization from the bottom . "
The project illustrates how different parts of the city are linked to very different portions of the planet .
For example , Mumbai , India , ranks 24th as the origin of calls into Manhattan , and 11th in calls into Queens .
Toronto , Canada , is one of the main destinations for calls out of Manhattan , but accounts for only 1 percent of calls from the Bronx .
As Columbia University Professor Saskia Sassen , author of the book " Global Cities , " details in the NYTE project catalog , " The striking piece of evidence coming out of this project is that global talk happens both at the top of the economy and at its lower end .
The vast middle layers of our society are far less global ; the middle talks mostly nationally and locally . "
The project also makes it possible to draw comparisons between global cities .
For example , there has been much discourse in the popular media about the rivalry between New York and London for world city pre-eminence , with the majority concluding that London is the more cosmopolitan city .
However , data shared with MIT by British Telecom reveal a different picture , with New York having a more global reach into Asian and South American hubs such as Beijing , BogotÃ ¡ and Riyadh , and London having more of a reach into Europe and the United States .
" The AT&T and BT data comparison hints at an interesting parallel : in an age of globalization , perhaps London 's relationship to Europe is analogous to what is conventionally believed to be New York 's relationship to the whole of the United States , " said Ratti .
" The ' continent ' may be closer to London than the British believe . "
Kloeckl stressed that individual privacy is assured during the project .
" The telecommunications traffic is measured at a high level in the global network flow .
No information about individuals is collected at any point in the process . "
Over the next few months the MIT team hopes to address some important research questions that loom behind the MoMA visualizations :
How is the structure of global cities evolving ?
How could telecommunications data allow us to gain new insights into the dynamics of globalization ?
How do byte transfers across the globe affect the need for travel and physical displacement , thus suggesting ideas for better sustainability at a global level ?
" Our cursory analysis illustrates how telecom data can help us to expand our conception of global cities and their role in the process of globalization , " said Ratti .
" In the end , the NYTE project reveals as much about the city of New York as it does about its worldwide counterparts , in areas such as business , culture and immigration .
In other words , our visualizations demonstrate that in the information age , urban life is as global as it is local . "
All maps from the New York Talk Exchange will be on exhibit at MoMA until May 12 , 2008 , and simultaneously available on the senseable city laboratory 's web site : http://senseable.mit.edu/nyte.
For more information about " Design and the Elastic Mind , " please visit www.moma.org.
The New York Talk Exchange is sponsored by AT&T .
Team members include project leader Kristian Kloeckl , Assaf Biderman , Francesco Calabrese , Margaret Ellen Haller , Aaron Koblin , Francisca Rojas and Andrea Vaccari .
Professor Saskia Sassen and William J. Mitchell , professor of architecture and media arts and sciences at MIT , acted as research advisors to the project .
Not to be outdone by President Sarkozy 's amorous overture to President Bush in Washington , Prime Minister Brown of Britain has used the first major foreign policy speech of his premiership to insist that Britain is America 's closest ally .
Click Image to Enlarge Peter MacDiarmid / Getty President Sarkozy of France , left , and Prime Minister Brown of Britain walk past a ceremonial guard at the Élysée Palace in July in Paris .
After decades of Anglo - French rivalry , in which France has vehemently deplored the global influence America and Britain have attained and what every president of France since Charles de Gaulle has described as " Anglo - Saxon culture , " Mr. Sarkozy claimed during his visit to Washington last week that France , not Britain , is now America 's best friend and partner .
Mr. Brown , who has been portrayed on both sides of the Atlantic as having distanced himself from America to avoid the charge against his predecessor , Tony Blair , that he was Mr. Bush 's " poodle , " fought back last night , claiming in a speech at a banquet thrown by the lord mayor of the city of London that the French president 's bid to usurp Britain 's traditional place alongside America would not succeed .
" It is no secret that I am a lifelong admirer of America , " Mr. Brown said .
And , in a thinly veiled reference to France 's traditional dislike of America and its culture , he added , " I have no truck with anti-Americanism in Britain or elsewhere in Europe , and I believe that our ties with America  founded on values we share  constitute our most important bilateral relationship . "
He welcomed France 's late conversion to the American cause and a similar newfound affection for America expressed by Chancellor Merkel of Germany in her visit to Mr. Bush 's ranch in Crawford , Texas , over the weekend .
" It is good for Britain , Europe and the wider world that today France and Germany and the E.U. are building stronger relationships with America , " Mr. Brown said .
But he emphasized that it is with America , not Europe , that Britain maintains its " most important " relationship .
" The strength of our relationship with America is incredibly important to the future of the world , " Mr. Brown said in an accompanying television interview with Sky News .
" If we 're going to rebuild the international institutions as I think we should be doing , to meet the challenges of the next stage , then we want to work with America to enable us to do so . "
Mr. Brown 's comments will come as a slap to a former U.N. official , Mark Malloch - Brown , now a British foreign minister , who declared shortly after his appointment that since Mr. Brown 's arrival in Downing Street , America and Britain were no longer " joined at the hip . "
The maverick Lord Malloch - Brown , who has angered many members of the Bush administration with anti-American statements , was instantly reprimanded by the British foreign secretary , David Miliband , and has since found himself obliged to apologize for suggesting that Britain should start negotiating with the Islamist terrorist groups Hezbollah and Hamas .
Along with a furor in the British press over the free living accommodation provided for him by the British government , Lord Malloch - Brown 's days in Mr. Brown 's government appear to be numbered .
Mr. Brown also used his Mansion House speech to express his backing for America 's robust opposition to Iran 's nuclear weapons ambitions , saying the mullahs in Tehran must choose between " confrontation " and a " transformed relationship with the world . "
" Iran should be in no doubt about our seriousness of purpose , " he said .
" We will lead in seeking tougher sanctions both at the U.N. and in the European Union , including on oil and gas investment and the financial sector , " he said , unless the Tehran regime conforms to international demands to halt uranium enrichment and allow inspectors to inspect nuclear facilities .
The prime minister was at pains to point out that he would not be soft on those countries that threaten peace .
" My approach is hard - headed internationalism , " he said .
" Internationalist because global challenges need global solutions and nations must cooperate across borders , often with hard - headed intervention , to give expression to our shared interests and shared values .
And hard - headed because we will not shirk from the difficult long - term decisions and because only through reform of our international rules and institutions will we achieve concrete , on - the - ground results . "
Following his own advice , Mr. Brown demanded that martial law in Pakistan be ended without delay and democracy be reinstated .
" We call on President Musharraf of Pakistan to restore the Constitution and implement the necessary conditions to guarantee free and fair elections on schedule in January , " he said .
He also proposed broadening the membership of organizations like the United Nations , the Group of Eight , the International Monetary Fund , and the World Bank to make the bodies more purposeful .
The U.N. Security Council should be changed to make it " more representative , more credible , and more effective , " he said .
" We cannot any longer escape the consequences of our interdependence , " he said .
" The old distinction between ' over there ' and ' over here ' does not make sense of this interdependent world .
There is no longer an ' over there ' of terrorism , failed states , poverty , forced migration , and environmental degradation , and an ' over here ' that is insulated or immune . "
In the light of the conflicts in Iraq , Afghanistan , and elsewhere , where dictatorial regimes degraded a nation 's institutions , Mr. Brown advocated the forming of an international " standby civilian force , " including police and judges , to " rebuild civic societies . "
It 's time for John Edwards , Bill Richardson and Al Gore to Endorse
It 's time .
Barack Obama has shown he has the judgment to be President of the United States .
He has shown that he is Presidential .
He has shown that he is electable .
He has shown that he can both write and deliver an incredibly detailed , difficult , timely speech on race and family in America .
It is time for John Edwards to stop angling for a cabinet post in either administration and go with his heart and mind .
It is time for Bill Richardson to say to hell with the Clinton 's negativity and corporatism and go with his heart and mind .
It is time for Al Gore to heal the Democratic Party and set out a clear endorsement of Senator Obama 's qualifications and stand behind him for the bruising race to November .
Hillary Clinton does not have any path to the nomination through primaries , or even a way to have a lead after the primaries .
She must rely on undemocratic superdelegates to overturn the will of the people .
700,000 more people have voted in primaries for Obama .
The discussion of re-doing Florida and Michigan primaries is over .
The delegates should be split evenly between the 2 candidates and seated .
John Edwards can get the ball rolling tonight with an appearance on The Tonight Show with Jay Leno .
Come on Senator Edwards , if you , the Governor and Vice President endorse Obama , this low point can be over because Hillary will have no choice but to drop out as superdelegates see the writing on the wall and endorse Obama in droves .
I ’d like to thank the thousands of people who took the time to respond to my constituent survey and invite folks to review the preliminary results below .
If you have not yet completed the survey , you are encouraged to make your voice heard in the final online tally .
As your Representative in Congress , I work hard to advance your values .
Thankfully , your priorities are a pleasure to stand up for .
Survey results confirm our community cares deeply about our children , families , and schools .
Based on preliminary results , I have already taken several important actions .
First , I co-sponsored House Resolution 333 .
If passed , this resolution would impeach Vice President Dick Cheney .
Doing so is necessary before we can impeach President George Bush .
Second , I will redouble efforts to work with colleagues to move forward legislation that would allow the millions of uninsured people age 55 through 64 to buy into Medicare .
Third , I will continue to oppose retroactive immunity for the telecommunications companies that complied with the Administration ’s warrantless wiretapping program .
You are invited to attend March , April , and May town meetings and continue to make your voice heard .
Sincerely ,
Pete
The rally on Wall Street yesterday was the largest one - day jump in 5 years .
Was the rally based on healthy economic news ?
No .
Was the major increases based on a housing market turning around ?
No .
The rally was based on the notion that the Fed was going to start exchanging Treasurys for mortgage - backed securities .
So what exactly occurred yesterday ?
In essence , the Fed has decided to become Wall Street ’s pawnshop :
“ The program will lend up to $ 200 billion of Treasurys to primary dealers , a group of 20 big investment firms , for a 28 - day term .
The firms can put up as collateral mortgage - backed securities issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , which generally are seen as safe because of an implicit government guarantee .
But in an unusual move , AAA - rated mortgage securities issued by banks will also be accepted .
Many investors have shied away from these mortgage - backed securities because they fear defaults in the underlying assets will erode the value . ”
California is still facing massive budget short falls as are many other states .
Does nothing to address the now ever increasing job losses .
I love how many folks were crowing about lifting caps not being such a big deal .
This is exactly why it is a big deal .
The lifting caps was to allow as many loans to be refinanced that were actually garbage , slap a AAA rating on them or funnel them into the GSEs , and then hand them off to the Fed for something of actual value .
The reason there is no market for this stuff is because many of these loans are n’t worth the paper they are printed on .
The slippery slope argument comes to mind here .
It should now be utterly apparent why there was such a persistent fight to keep the rating agencies from downgrading anything because now , all that needs to be done by these investment firms is to roll up to the Fed and exchange toxic mortgage sludge for something of actual value .
Take a wild guess what this is going to do to our dollar and the overall economy ?
This is a flat out bailout principally geared at Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
The mortgage market in the US is huge .
It is roughly $ 11.2 trillion in size and Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac hold $ 5.61 trillion of this amount .
What ’s worse , is that Fannie Mae itself has approximately $ 133 billion in subprime or subprime like loans on its books .
Interesting how this number fits nicely with the $ 200 billion pawnshop plan .
I will now remove my tinfoil hat .
* Hat designed to ward off future bailouts and also can be used for Jiffy Popcorn .
So let us now look at some potential examples of what kind of mortgages will be funneled into this glorious pawnshop now known as the Federal Reserve .
Today we salute you Artesia with our Real Homes of Genius Award .
Two for the Price of One
What if I told you that you would be able to purchase two homes for the price of one if you were to wait for slightly over a year ?
Sounds too good to be true ?
Maybe this rings like a real estate late night infomercial and you ’re expecting someone in a Hawaiian shirt to tell you how you will never have to work another day in your life and have a nice tan too .
Who said you could n’t have everything in life ?
The above 836 square foot home is exactly this kind of deal .
This 2 bedroom 1 bath home located in Artesia is now selling for an incredible $ 180,000 .
Now where does the deal come in you may be asking ?
Well let us look at the sales history on this place :
Sale History
12/22/2006 : $ 363,000
09/11/2006 : $ 260,000
06/26/1970 : $ 2,000
So in a little over one year , the price has been slashed in half .
Now , you can buy two places like this for the price of one .
Of course this place is a short sale but what ever happened to that note that accompanied the sale for $ 363,000 ?
Keep in mind that the original sale , given the price falls into the conforming loan limit range even before the caps being raised , may well have placed this home into a government backed loan .
Now , the market is setting the price so the $ 180,000 price is now the true value of the home assuming it sells at that price .
Yet that original note does n’t vanish into thin air .
Now , many mortgage holders that own these mortgages , can stop by their local government sponsored pawnshop and exchange the mortgage - backed security for nice and exchangeable US Treasurys .
Is n’t that grand ?
Yes , the market on the street is telling us that the value of the home is only $ 180,000 but I wonder what the good people at the Fed will be handing out to the investment firms ?
Here is another issue that is n’t really being discussed .
Are they going to pay the face value of the note ?
Let us assume this was a 5 percent down purchase , will the government hand over to the investment firms $ 344,850 worth of Treasurys ?
Clearly there are many nuances that simply need to be worked out .
In addition , the firms need to pay back the money after the 28 days are over .
Now riddle me this , if they can only sell a place like this for $ 180,000 and owe the government back $ 344,850 plus interest accrued , where in the world are they going to come up with the additional $ 164,850 ?
These mortgage - backed securities are bundled but that does n’t mean that they are disconnected from the underlying asset .
After all , the entire reason we are in this mess is because the underlying asset was over inflated .
Therefore , it is important to understand how the Fed is going to value these MBS exchanges .
Clearly many of these firms are not going to be able to pay back their exchange because the reality is , many of the homes will not come remotely close to yielding the initial face value of the mortgage unless homes appreciate by 20 percent this year .
My guess is the Fed will continue to roll over payment and give forbearance to many of these investment firms .
These are the same firms that are beating current owners / servicers over the head to pay their mortgage .
Is that price disconnect going to improve in the next few months ?
Of course not .
All this does is pushes the day of reckoning a day further and ultimately does not help 95 percent of the population .
The program will start on March 27 so we ’ll see how it goes .
Nothing has happened yet .
But this has the same chance of helping the overall economy just as much as all the other failed bailout , whoops , I mean liquidity measures that have occurred over the past year .
Until our leaders have the courage to let many of these firms go under for flat out unscrupulous lending practices and allow the market to adjust , we are going to continue to see things like this .
Contact your Congress person and let your voice be heard .
Nothing wrong with some of these proposals including the OTS negative equity certificates or allowing judges to do cram - downs .
But these are things that will hurt lenders and the few power brokers on Wall Street so of course they are off the table and did n’t garner any traction .
But what is n’t off the table is making the Fed the new pawn shop of America .
Today we Salute you Artesia with our Real Homes of Genius Award .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information
In an op - ed in Time , the writers of the show are asking people to engage in a little civil disobedience when it comes to drug trials : Jury nullification .
Editorial note : Whoa !
You 've found a super - old post here on BuzzFeed , from an earlier era of the site .
It does n't really represent where we are anymore , and may in fact be totally broken , but we 're leaving it up as a part of our early history .
Is Windows a First Class Platform for Ruby ?
By Peter Cooper
Luis Lavena is the new maintainer of the popular Ruby " One- Click Installer " for Microsoft Windows .
As part of this new role , Luis has set a milestone of cutting the dependency on pre-built packages .
He wants to move development from Visual C++ 6 to MinGW , so that Windows - based Ruby developers will , at least , be able to take advantage of a Linux - esque build system for Ruby libraries in future .
Back in January , Luis wrote Ruby for Windows , a post where he elaborated on these ideas and wrote candidly about the state of Ruby on Windows ( inability to compile some gems without VC6 , etc. )
Unfortunately , he did n't get much of a reaction , and was led to write Is Windows a support platform for Ruby ?
I guess not , a somewhat frustrated post where Luis asks whether he should continue with the OCI / VC6 -> MinGW work or not .
He wants to know whether anyone is actually interested in Windows being a first class Ruby platform or not , or whether there are other alternatives .
As a non-Windows user , I do n't have any opinions , but as a Ruby user , I share Luis 's concerns that a poor Windows Ruby ecosystem could harm the growth and spread of the language .
So , we 'd really love to know if Windows is a platform that Ruby developers truly want to support , or whether there are other approaches that should be taken .
Is Windows a first class platform for Ruby , or not ?
On Friday , February 1 , 2008 at 12:56 P.M. , an email was sent to all San Carlos based employees of Tesla Motors : “ P1 Arriving Now ! :) . ”
This simple email signified the moment we had been working toward for the last few years .
You see , “ P1 ” is the internal designation for the first production unit to be produced by Tesla Motors .
This is the anticipated ‘ first car ’ that was built for Chairman , Elon Musk .
So what was it like to be a part of the arrival of P1 ?
The day started with great anticipation .
We all knew the car was planning to arrive on Friday at about 1:00 P.M .
We knew that select media would be in attendance to witness the event .
We knew there would be a party at the end of the day .
Many of us also knew that P1 was stuck in customs in Los Angeles and there were no guarantees that it would be released on time .
A few well placed phone calls improved the odds .
When the email arrived that announced the arrival of P1 nearly all Tesla employees gathered behind the shop to watch the delivery truck arrive .
When the rear door of the trailer opened and P1 was inside there was a collective sigh of relief from the team and we broke into applause .
The team pushed P1 from the trailer and into the shop .
Oh right , the car was shipped without an ESS ( Energy Storage System , aka “ battery ” ) .
Our service team would need to install an ESS before Elon could take his first drive .
For the next couple hours we waited with anticipation as the service team installed the ESS in P1 .
These guys have done this job many times , but never in front of so many people , and never on a production car .
While we waited for the ESS to be installed Elon addressed the crowd .
He thanked everyone for their hard work and reiterated the importance of this first production car .
We will not only build thousands of Tesla Roadsters , we will build tens of thousands of Whitestars , our next vehicle .
Once the ESS was in and all other necessary parts reassembled and checked out , the car was lowered to the ground for its maiden voyage on U.S. soil .
The key was turned and the car started right up .
For all the risk involved in shipping the car , clearing customs , and installing a key component of the car in plain view , everything went exactly as planned .
Very cool !
What do you do in Silicon Valley when you receive delivery of your very first , highly anticipated product ?
You take a victory lap down University Avenue in Palo Alto of course .
To me this is the Silicon Valley version of John Travolta going for a strut at the end of the movie “ Staying Alive . ”
Elon jumped in his car for the first time and led the way .
Four Tesla Roadster prototypes followed packed full of engineers .
It was n’t exactly roadster weather on Friday , but nobody cared .
Tops off and lights on , five Tesla Roadsters drove in formation down highway 101 and up University Avenue .
What a sight to see .
I wish the whole world was there to see this achievement , but they were n’t , so we took pictures and a few videos .
I think you will see from the pictures , anticipation quickly turned to elation as the day progressed .
We are all proud of this achievement and are now working hard to build and deliver the remaining first year Tesla Roadsters .
Employees and media await the arrival of P1 Employees and media await the arrival of P1
Mac Powell explains the significance of P1 Mac Powell explains the significance of P1
The car sits high without the ESS installed
The car sits high without the ESS installed
P1's ESS signed by the ESS team P1's ESS signed by the ESS team
Service prepares P1 for ESS installation Service prepares P1 for ESS installation
ESS in position to be lifted into place ESS in position to be lifted into place
_
It 's alive It 's alive
Elon leads the way to Palo Alto Elon leads the way to Palo Alto
_
On the open road
On the open road
Victory lap in Palo Alto Victory lap in Palo Alto
Roadster prototypes driven by
engineers follow Elon and JB in P1
Unofficially the United States is now in an economic recession .
Investment bankers Merrill Lynch say so .
Officially , the US may not be in recession for months .
That kind of announcement usually comes from the White House , but since this a presidential election year , and the party of the sitting president usually is ousted when thereâ€™s bad economic performance , the Oval Office will be slow to admit a downturn .
Already the Federal Reserve has mentioned another half point cut in short term interest rates to try keep the economy from falling off a cliff .
Itâ€™s hoped that lower interest rates will spur borrowing and get the economy moving again .
( Of course , itâ€™s too much borrowing that brought on the recession in the first place . )
Lower interest rates have another not so stellar effect .
Low rates also mean low returns for overseas investors lending to the US .
Thereâ€™s a better place to invest , they say : oil .
As weâ€™ve seen over the past months , as interest rates fall the price of oil goes up .
Any savings consumers may get in lower interest rates they may lose with higher prices at the pump .
! ADVERTISEMENT !
Low interest rates , too , cause the value of the dollar to drop relative to other currencies .
Little rate of return , little faith in the US , drives the dollar lower .
This raises the price of imports ( inflationary , bad for consumers ) and lowers the price of exports ( good for exporters , if you can find any .
For an industrial nation the US is not very industrial anymore .
The US manufactures little to export , little that the world wants to buy .
We do export wood chips , however .
Yes , wood chips , shredded waste wood and bark from sawmills as well as ground - up tree limbs and roots .
We export them to Europe .
According to Forest to Market ( F2M ) , a forest and wood products information and pricing company , as the Europeans import more and more wood chips to supplement coal in powerplants and to cut greenhouse gas emissions , the price of wood chips is going up in the US market .
The sagging dollar makes wood chips from the US a bargain in European markets increasing demand for them .
But the wood chip supply in the Pacific Northwest and the South is also getting tighter and driving up prices .
New home building is down and along with it the demand for lumber .
As lumber producers slow , waste wood chip supply slows too , decreasing supply and increasing prices .
To keep the supply of wood chips flowing and meet demand , lumber companies are resorting to chipping logs that previously might have been sawn into boards .
Talk about wasted wood .
The reduced supply of wood chips has raised prices by almost 10 percent since the third quarter of 2006 .
So at a time when more US utilities are also looking to burning wood chips and other biomass to neutralize greenhouse gas emissions , wood chips are getting more expensive at home but purchased at bargain rates by interests overseas .
The Federal Reserve is walking a tightrope between controlling inflation , particularly high energy costs , and encouraging consumers to borrow and spend at a time when theyâ€™d be better off saving and paying off debt .
If thereâ€™s one bright side itâ€™s this : the rate of greenhouse gas emissions growth will decline in a slowing economy .
Links :
Forest to Market ( F2M )
http://www.forest2market.com
Playing " Save the Planet " : IBM Launches PowerUp Video Game
February 18th , 2008 by Carol Gulyas
CSR
Wire has announced IBM ’s launch of “ PowerUp , ” a video game in which players simulate the saving of Planet Helios .
The game is targeted to teenagers , or the teenager in all of us :
“ The game is part of IBM ’s TryScience initiative and [ was ] launched at Engineer ’s Week 2008 opening on February 16 in Washington , D.C.
The game , which can be played alone or together , features a planet in near ecological ruin where three exciting missions for solar , wind and water power must be solved before sandstorms , floods or SmogGobs thwart the rescue . ”
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Dear Nudone , i wish i had your confidence in politcians and juges .
When i look back mostly everything turned out more bad than expected .
So better nip things in the bud .
And ( please take no offense here , i dont mean your arguments itself , i'm only talking of the tenor in your post ) your post sounds for me the same the politicans blah - blah sounds .
Of course we 'll only punish bad guys .
Nobody wants to build a wall through germany ( Ulbricht 1961 ) , and it wont come up so bad and its all for terrorism - fighting and to keep our safety and the earth is a disk !
And i see it in a bigger context .
Everything taken for its own is not so important and we can calm down .
But when i look in the past what happened all there in little pieces , you have to assemble the puzzle and then we 'll see the whole picture .
And we lost so much " freedom " here in the last two year we have n't in the 50 years before together .
And there are too much people that do n't care about this trend and say " i have nothing to hide " .
And so they follow like sheep .
Thats why i get so angry about it .
Not exactly for this one decision ... for all the changes in the near past .
If you are right , i will be happy , but your servant will believe it , when your servant will SEE it .
Sorry that i'm so pessimistic , but life is a good teacher !
CUJoTo
Toshiba plans to put a polite boot into Apple 's hyped Macbook Air with a new version of its Port é g é R500 notebook featuring built - in 3G mobile broadband .
The Japanese manufacturer points out that its lightweight laptops are thinner , lighter and more capable than Steve Jobs ' new machine , and they cost less as well .
The Macbook Air is a triumph of marketing and of Apple managing its fans ' expectations , said Ken Chan , Toshiba 's U.K. product manager .
" I think Apple made compromises for [ the sake of ] design , " he said .
" For Apple , less is more .
It is in the unique position of having a strong following of people who are willing to pay a € 200 premium to get its products . "
He added : " We have an abundance of connectivity features , it makes ours less of a hassle to carry it around than the Apple . "
The R500 not only has 3G connectivity , it also has three USB ports to Air 's one , and it includes an internal DVD drive , removable battery , a full - size DVI video port , a PC Card slot , Gigabit Ethernet and a Firewire connector .
All of the latter are missing from the Macbook Air .
Chan said that the R500 weighs just 1kg as well , to the Air's 3lb ( 1.35kg ) , and is thinner .
The one area where the Air scores is screen size - it has a 13.3 - inch TFT , versus the R500's 12 - inch .
However , Chan argued that if Toshiba were working to the same size budget - 3lb weight and a 13.3 - inch screen - it would put features in , not take them out .
He said that the key advances making such lightweight PCs possible are Intel 's ultra- low power processor chips that require less cooling , and a move to high - density motherboards that take up much less space inside the case .
In addition , Matsushita slimmed its optical drive down from 9.5 mm to 7 mm , allowing the laptop to be thinner .
The Port é g R500 with 3G costs from € 1,249 ( US $ 2,436 ) , Chan said , while a version with a 64GB solid - state drive instead of a 120 GB or 160GB hard drive starts at € 1,499 .
Toshiba also still offers and supports PCs with Windows XP , he noted .
This story , " Toshiba Portege Goes Up Against Macbook Air " was originally published by Techworld.com .
Starting a fire with flint and steel ( the steel is also known as a “ firesteel ” ) brings to mind the image of self - sufficient mountain men in the wilderness .
A rite of passage that ties you to wilderness travelers through the millennia , the ability to use flint and steal is one of the basic survival skills everyone should master .
But how does flint and steel work ?
More specifically , what causes the sparks when you strike a piece of flint with steel ?
The answer may surprise you !
The following information will help you understand what it takes to make fire using flint and steel or flint and FireSteel .
It will change the way you look at flint and steel as a fire making tool and perhaps even make you a better flint and steel fire maker .
Survival Topics believes that if you know the fundamental reasons why survival gear and survival techniques work then you are in a far better position to use them to best advantage .
The Secret of Flint and Steel for Making Fires
Outwardly the answer seems obvious ; striking flint with steel produces hot sparks .
However , dig a little deeper and you will find there is a lot more to it .
It all revolves around a little known fact about iron and some other metals that revolutionized the way people started fires thousands of years ago ; pyrophorics .
Pyrophorics are substances that spontaneously ignite below room temperature , which is about 70 °F ( 21°C ) .
By spontaneous we mean these substances will simply catch on fire of their own accord without you having to do anything such as light it with a flame .
This is also known as autoignition .
What many people do not realize is that iron is a pyrophoric material ; in the presence of oxygen , iron catches on fire automatically !
It just starts burning .
“ But how can this be ? ” you may ask .
“ I can hold a chunk of iron in my hand and it does not burn me ” .
The answer lays in the fact that the portion of the iron object in contact with the air and your skin is not pure iron .
Rather it has developed a thin coating of iron oxide , or rust , immediately upon contact with the oxygen in the air .
This serves to seal off the iron inside from exposure to the air and reduces the rate of further rusting .
Rusting Produces Heat
Iron , whether man-made objects or naturally occurring in rocks , will rust upon exposure to oxygen in the air .
The act of rusting is actually an exothermic reaction called “ oxidation ” , which is a fancy way of saying when iron touches the oxygen in the air a reaction occurs ; the iron rusts ( turns into iron oxide ) and gives off heat .
In other words , it burns .
The simplified chemical reaction can be expressed as :
Fe2 + O2 = Fe2O3 + heat
Or in simple English :
Iron +
Oxygen = Rust +
Heat
Rusting ( oxidizing ) is the exact same thing as burning , but unlike a campfire usually you will hardly notice it .
Because of the relatively size of a typical iron object , the heat it gives off as it rusts dissipates too quickly for the heat to accumulate and be of much use .
While holding an ordinary iron object you are unlikely to feel any heat as it rusts , since the heat is absorbed by its surroundings as fast as the oxidation process produces it .
However if you can increase the rate of oxidation you can cause the iron to spontaneously give off a large amount of heat very quickly .
How do you increase the rate of oxidization of iron ?
One way is to give a fresh un - oxidized piece of iron more surface area in contact with the air .
More oxygen touching more iron will cause more oxidation which will give off more heat in a given amount of time .
Increased oxidation can be accomplished by breaking off smaller particles of iron from a bigger piece .
The smaller the iron particle is , the greater its surface area compared to its total size .
Now you know the secret to using flint and steel to start a fire .
Have you ever used a metal grinder or seen one in action on a piece of iron ?
Notice how thousands of glowing hot sparks fly off the wheel as it removes tiny bits of fresh iron off the chunk of iron being worked on .
These tiny bits of iron are actually spontaneously catching on fire as they are exposed to the oxygen in the air .
If you can create a small enough particle of fresh iron , upon contact with oxygen in the air the iron particles increased surface area will oxidize faster than it can dissipate the heat formed during the reaction .
The result : the particle of iron spontaneously becomes so hot that it glows as it oxidizes – and can be used to catch tinder on fire .
In a nutshell the process of using a flint and steel to start a fire works like this :
Find a piece of high carbon steel , which is about 98 % iron and 2 % carbon ( a hard , relatively brittle steel ) .
Find a piece of flint or other hard sharp object such as quartz .
Strike a sharp edge of the flint a glancing blow with the high carbon steel .
Doing this just right takes practice .
Very tiny particles of fresh iron fly out from the steel .
Upon contact with oxygen in the air , the surfaces of the iron particles spontaneously ignite and give off heat as they oxidize ( rust ) .
Because the surface area of the iron particles is so large compared to their volume , the particles quickly heat up and glow red hot .
They become sparks .
Catch the sparks in prepared tinder and use it to start a fire .
Best Flint and Steel
Iron by itself is relatively soft and tends to bend rather than chip under the stress of a hard blow on a piece of flint .
To make iron harder for use in industry , it is made into what we call steel by adding some carbon .
However by making it harder , the steel is also becomes more brittle .
The harder a piece of steel the smaller the pieces of iron broken from it will be when struck against a hard sharp object .
As discussed earlier , smaller pieces of iron will spontaneously burn hotter due to their increased surface area .
Another way to get hotter sparks is to break off smaller pieces from the steel by striking it against a harder , sharper object .
This is why you need to keep the edges of your flint very sharp for optimum creation of hot sparks when striking the steel .
In short , harder steel and sharper flints give better sparks .
Flint is n’t the only mineral that will cause sparks when steel is struck against it .
Any hard stone with a sharp fracture can be utilized as long as it can break off very small pieces of steel .
Advantages of Flint and Steel
Flint and steel has been used in starting fires for centuries .
In the days before matches were invented , flint and steel offered the ability to start a fire without having to carry a hot coal wherever one traveled , and worrying about losing it or having it go cold .
Starting a fire using flint and steel takes a more expertise and preparation than simply striking a match , however many survival experts feel this disadvantage is overcome by the fact that a wet or damp flint and steel can still be used to start a fire , and that a flint and steel can start many thousands of fires without wearing out ; both very important attributes when surviving in the wilderness .
Try carrying tens of thousands of matches in the wilderness or stockpiling thousands of matches in your disaster preparedness kit !
Even if the shear weight and volume of your matches do not discourage you , you are also faced with the problem of keeping them viable from dampness or the ravages of time .
Flint and steel overcomes these problems and provides the survivor with means of starting a fire that is more reliable than matches – if he is skilled enough to use it .
Modern Flint and Steels
Some FireSteels contain a mix of metals that more readily oxidize .
Typically in rod form , this type of firesteel produces a massive shower of very hot sparks by simply scraping it with the flint ,
This makes fire starting easier than when using traditional FireSteel but the principle is virtually identical .
FireSteel.com offers very high quality firesteels that are highly regarded throughout the world .
Excerpts from Hitler 's Table Talk , stenographic notes of Hitler 's private conversations [ Weidenfeld and Nicolson , London , 1953 ]
When National Socialism has ruled long enough , it will no longer be possible to conceive of a form of life different from ours .
On a question from C. S. , whether this antagonism might mean a war , the Fuehrer continued : No , it does not mean a war .
The ideal solution would be to leave the religions to devour themselves , without persecutions .
But in that case we must not replace the Church by something equivalent .
That would be terrifying !
It goes without saying that the whole thing needs a lot of thought .
Everything will occur in due time .
It is a simple question of honesty , that 's what it will finally boil down to .
In England , the status of the individual in relation to the Church is governed by considerations of State .
In America , it 's all purely a matter of conformism .
The German people 's especial quality is patience ; and it's the only one of the peoples capable of undertaking a revolution in this sphere .
It could do it , if only for the reason that only the German people has made moral law the governing principle of action .
The heaviest blow that ever struck humanity was the coming of Christianity .
Bolshevism is Christianity 's illegitimate child .
Both are inventions of the Jew .
The deliberate lie in the matter of religion was introduced into the world by Christianity .
Bolshevism practises a lie of the same nature , when it claims to bring liberty to men , whereas in reality it seeks only to enslave them .
In the ancient world , the relations between men and gods were founded on an instinctive respect .
It was a world enlightened by the idea of tolerance .
Christianity was the first creed in the world to exterminate its adversaries in the name of love .
Its key - note is intolerance .
Without Christianity , we should not have had Islam .
The Roman Empire , under Germanic influence , would have developed in the direction of world - domination , and humanity would not have extinguished fifteen centuries of civilisation at a single stroke .
Let it not be said that Christianity brought man the life of the soul , for that evolution was in the natural order of things . [ pp. 4 - 5 ]
Christianity is a rebellion against natural law , a protest against nature .
Taken to its logical extreme , Christianity would mean the systematic cultivation of the human failure .
[ p. 51 ]
It may be asked whether concluding a concordat with the churches would n't facilitate our exercise of power .
On this subject one may make the following remarks : Firstly , in this way the authority of the State would be vitiated by the fact of the intervention of a third power concerning which it is impossible to say how long it would remain reliable .
In the case of the Anglican Church , this objection does not arise , for England knows she can depend on her Church .
But what about the Catholic Church ?
Would n't we be running the risk of her one day going into reverse after having put herself at the service of the State solely in order to safeguard her power ?
If one day the State 's policy ceased to suit Rome or the clergy , the priests would turn against the State , as they are doing now .
History provides examples that should make us careful .
Secondly , there is also a question of principle .
Trying to take a long view of things , is it conceivable that one could found anything durable on falsehood ?
When I think of our people 's future , I must look further than immediate advantages , even if these advantages were to last three hundred , five hundred years or more .
I 'm convinced that any pact with the Church can offer only a provisional benefit , for sooner or later the scientific spirit will disclose the harmful character of such a compromise .
Thus the State will have based its existence on a foundation that one day will collapse .
Thus the State will have based its existence on a foundation that one day will collapse .
An educated man retains the sense of the mysteries of nature and bows before the unknowable .
An uneducated man , on the other hand , runs the risk of going over to atheism ( which is a return to the state of the animal ) as soon as he perceives that the State , in sheer opportunism , is making use of false ideas in the matter of religion , whilst in other fields it bases everything on pure science .
That 's why I 've always kept the Party aloof from religious questions .
I 've thus prevented my Catholic and Protestant supporters from forming groups against one another , and inadvertently knocking each other out with the Bible and the Sprinkler .
So we never became involved with these Churches ' forms of worship .
And if that has momentarily made my task a little more difficult , at least I 've never run the risk of carrying grist to my opponents ' mill .
The help we would have provisionally obtained from a concordat would have quickly become a burden on us .
In any case , the main thing is to be clever in this matter and not to look for a struggle where it can be avoided .
Being weighed down by a superstitious past , men are afraid of things that can't , or can't yet , be explained - that is to say , of the unknown .
If anyone has needs of a metaphysical nature , I can't satisfy them with the Party 's programme .
Time will go by until the moment when science can answer all the questions .
So it 's not opportune to hurl ourselves now into a struggle with the Churches .
A slow death has something comforting about The dogma of Christianity gets worn away before the advances of science .
Religion will have to make more and more concessions .
Gradually the myths crumble .
All that 's left is to prove that in nature there is no frontier between the organic and the inorganic .
When understanding of the universe has become widespread , when the majority of men know that the stars are not sources of light but worlds , perhaps inhabited worlds like ours , then the Christian doctrine will be convicted of absurdity .
Originally , religion was merely a prop for human communities .
It was a means , not an end in itself .
It 's only gradually that it became transformed in this direction , with the object of maintaining the rule of the priests , who can live only to the detriment of Society collectively .
The instructions of a hygienic nature that most religions gave , contributed to the foundation of organised communities .
The precepts ordering people to wash , to avoid certain drinks , to fast at appointed dates , to take exercise , to rise with the sun , to climb to the top of the minaret - all these were obligations invented by intelligent people .
The exhortation to fight courageously is also self - explanatory .
Observe , by the way , that , as a corollary , the Mussulman was promised a paradise peopled with houris , where wine flowed in streams - a real earthly paradise .
The Christians , on the other hand , declare themselves satisfied if after their death they are allowed to sing Hallelujahs !
All these elements contributed to form human communities .
It is to these private customs that peoples owe their present characters .
Christianity , of course , has reached the peak of absurdity in this respect .
And that 's why one day its structure will collapse .
Science has already impregnated humanity .
Consequently , the more Christianity clings to its dogmas , the quicker it will decline .
But one must continue to pay attention to another aspect of the problem .
It 's possible to satisfy the needs of the inner life by an intimate communion with nature , or by knowledge of ' the past .
Only a minority , however , at the present stage of the mind 's development , can feel the respect inspired by the unknown , and thus satisfy the metaphysical needs of the soul .
The average human being has the same needs , but can satisfy them only by elementary means .
That 's particularly true of women , as also of peasants who impotently watch the destruction of their crops .
The person whose life tends to simplification is thirsty for belief , and he dimly clings to it with all his strength .
Nobody has the right to deprive simple people of their childish certainties until they 've acquired others that are more reasonable .
Indeed , it 's most important that the higher belief should be well established in them before the lower belief has been removed .
We must finally achieve this .
But it would serve no purpose to replace an old belief by a new one that would merely fill the place left vacant by its predecessor .
It seems to me that nothing would be more foolish than to re-establish the worship of Wotan .
Our old mythology had ceased to be viable when Christianity implanted itself .
Nothing dies unless it is moribund .
At that period the ancient world was divided between the Systems of philosophy and the worship of idols
It 's not desirable that the whole of humanity should be stultified - and the only way of getting rid of Christianity is to allow it to die little by little .
A movement like ours must n't let itself be drawn into metaphysical digressions .
It must stick to the spirit of exact science .
It 's not the Party 's function to be a counterfeit for religion .
If in the course of a thousand or two thousand years , science arrives at the necessity of renewing its points of view , that will not mean that science is a liar .
Science cannot lie , for it 's always striving , according to the momentary state of knowledge to deduce what is true .
When it makes a mistake , it does 10 in good faith .
It 's Christianity that 's the liar .
It 's in perpetual conflict with itself .
One may ask whether the disappearance of Christianity would entail the disappearance of belief in God .
That 's not to be desired .
The notion of divinity gives most men the opportunity to concretise the feeling they have of supernatural realities
Why should we destroy this wonderful power they have of incarnating the feeling for the divine that is within them ?
The man who lives in communion with nature necessarily puts himself in opposition to the Churches .
And that 's why they 're heading for ruin - for science is bound to win .
I especially would n't want our movement to acquire a religious character and institute a form of worship .
It would be appalling for me , and I would wish I 'd never lived , if I were to end up in the skin of a Buddha !
If at this moment we were to eliminate the religions by force , the people would unanimously beseech us for a new form of worship .
You can imagine our Gauleiters giving up their pranks to play at being saints !
As for our Minister for Religion , according to his own co-religionists , God himself would turn away from his family !
I envisage the future , therefore , as follows : First of all , to each man his private creed .
Superstition shall not lose its rights .
The Party is sheltered from the danger of competing with the religions .
These latter must simply be forbidden from interfering in future with temporal matters .
From the tenderest age , education will be imparted in such a way that each child will know all that is important to the maintenance of the State .
As for the men close to me , who , like me , have escaped from the clutches of dogma , I 've no reason to fear that the Church will get its hooks on them .
We 'll see to it that the Churches cannot spread abroad teachings in conflict with the interests of the State .
We shall continue to preach the doctrine of National Socialism , and the young will no longer be taught anything but the truth . [ pp 58 - 62 ]
The precept that it 's men's duty to love one another is theory the Christians are the last to practise it !
A negro baby - has the misfortune to die before a missionary gets his clutches on him , goes to Hell !
If that were true , one might well lament that sorrowful destiny : to have lived only three years , to burn for all eternity with Lucifer ! [ p 69 ]
The reason why the ancient world was so pure , light and serene was that it knew nothing of the two great scourges : the pox and Christianity .
Christianity is a prototype of Bolshevism : the mobilisation by the Jew of the masses of slaves with the object of undermining society .
Thus one understands that the healthy elements of the Roman world were proof against this doctrine .
Yet Rome to - day allows itself to reproach Bolshevism with having destroyed the Christian churches !
As if Christianity had n't behaved in the same way towards the pagan temples .
[ pp 75-76 ]
When one thinks of the opinions held concerning Christianity by our best minds a hundred , two hundred years ago , one Is ashamed to realise how little we have since evolved .
I did n't know that Julian the Apostate had passed judgment with such clear - sightedness on Christianity and Christians .
You should read what he says on the subject .
Originally , Christianity was merely an incarnation of Bolshevism the destroyer .
Nevertheless , the Galilean , who later was called the Christ , intended something quite different .
He must be regarded as a popular leader who took up His position against Jewry .
Galilee was a colony where the Romans had probably installed Gallic legionaries , and it's certain that Jesus was not a Jew .
The Jews , by the way , regarded Him as the son of a whore - of a whore and a Roman soldier .
The decisive falsification of Jesus 's doctrine was the work of St. Paul .
He gave himself to this work with subtlety and for purposes of personal exploitation .
For the Galilean 's object was to liberate His country from Jewish oppression .
He set Himself against Jewish capitalism , and that 's why the Jews liquidated Him .
Paul of Tarsus ( his name was Saul , before the road to Damascus ) was one of those who persecuted Jesus most savagely .
When he learnt that Jesus 's supporters let their throats be cut for His ideas , he realised that , by making intelligent use of the Galilean 's teaching , it would be possible to overthrow this Roman State which the Jews hated .
It 's in this context that we must understand the famous " illumination " .
Think of it , the Romans were daring to confiscate the most sacred thing the Jews possessed , the gold piled up in their temples !
At that time , as now , money was their god .
On the road to Damascus , St. Paul discovered that he could succeed in ruining the Roman State by causing the principle to triumph of the equality of all men before a single God-- and by putting beyond the reach of the laws his private notions , which he alleged to be divinely inspired .
If ; into the bargain , one succeeded in imposing one man as the representative on earth of the only God , that man would possess boundless power .
The ancient world had its gods and served them .
But the priests interposed between the gods and men were servants of the State , for the gods protected the City .
In short , they were the emanation of a power that the people had created .
For that society , the idea of an only god was unthinkable .
In this sphere , the Romans were tolerance itself .
The idea of a universal god could seem to them only a mild form of madness -- for , if three peoples fight one another , each invoking the same god , this means that , at any rate , two of them are praying in vain .
Nobody was more tolerant than the Romans .
Every man could pray to the god of his choice , and a place was even reserved in the temples for the unknown god .
Moreover , every man prayed as he chose , and had the right to proclaim his preferences .
St. Paul knew how to exploit this state of affairs in order to conduct his struggle against the Roman State .
Nothing has changed ; the method has remained sound .
Under cover of a pretended religious instruction , the priests continue to incite the faithful against the State .
The religious ideas of the Romans are common to all Aryan peoples .
The Jew , on the other hand , worshipped and continues to worship , then and now , nothing but the golden cal £
The Jewish religion is devoid of all metaphysics and has no foundation but the most ' repulsive materialism .
That 's proved even in the concrete representation they have of the Beyond - which for them is identified with Abraham 's bosom .
It 's since St. Paul 's time that the Jews have manifested themselves as a religious community , for until then they were only a racial community .
St. Paul was the first man to take account of the possible advantages of using a religion as a means of propaganda .
If the Jew has succeeded in destroying the Roman Empire , that 's because St. Paul transformed a local movement of Aryan opposition to Jewry into a supra-temporal religion , which postulates the equality of all men amongst themselves , and their obedience to an only god .
This is what caused the death of the Roman Empire .
It 's striking to observe that Christian ideas , despite all St. Paul 's efforts , had no success in Athens .
The philosophy of the Greeks was so much superior to this poverty - stricken rubbish that the Athenians burst out laughing when they listened to the apostle 's teaching .
But in Rome St. Paul found the ground prepared for him .
His egalitarian theories had what was needed to win over a mass composed of innumerable uprooted people .
Nevertheless , the Roman slave was not at all what the expression encourages us to imagine to - day .
In actual fact , the people concerned were prisoners of war ( as we understand the term nowadays ) , of whom many had been freed and had the possibility of becoming Citizens - and it was St. Paul who introduced this degrading overtone into the modern idea of Roman slaves .
Think of the numerous Germanic people whom Rome welcomed .
Arminius himself ; the first architect of our liberty , was n't he a Roman knight , and his brother a dignitary of the State ?
By reason of these contacts , renewed throughout the centuries , the population of Rome had ended by acquiring a great esteem for the Germanic peoples .
It 's clear that there was a preference in Rome for fair - haired women , to such a point that many Roman women dyed their hair .
Thus Germanic blood constantly regenerated Roman society .
The Jew , on the other hand , was despised in Rome .
Whilst Roman society proved hostile to the new doctrine , Christianity in its pure state stirred the population to revolt .
Rome was Bolshevised , and Bolshevism produced exactly the same results in Rome as later in Russia .
It was only later , under the influence of the Germanic spirit , that Christianity gradually lost its openly Bolslievistic character .
It became , to a certain degree , tolerable .
To-day , when Christianity is tottering , the Jew restores to pride of place Christianity in its Bolshevistic form .
The Jew believed he could renew the experiment .
To - day as once before , the object is to destroy nations by vitiating their racial integrity .
It 's not by chance that the Jews , in Russia , have systematically deported hundreds of thousands of men , delivering the women , whom the men were compelled to leave behind , to males imported from other regions .
They practised on a vast scale the mixture of races .
In the old days , as now , destruction of art and civilisation .
The Bolsheviks of their day , what did n't they destroy in Rome , in Greece and elsewhere ?
They 've behaved in the same way amongst us and in Russia .
One must compare the art and civilisation of the Romans - their temples , their houses - with the art and civilisation represented at the same period by the abject rabble of the catacombs .
In the old days , the destruction of the libraries .
Is n't that what happened in Russia ?
The result : a frightful leveling - down .
Did n't the world see , carried on right into the Middle Ages , the same old system of martyrs , tortures , faggots ?
Of old , it was in the name of Christianity .
To -day , it 's in the name of Bolshevism .
Yesterday , the instigator was Saul : the instigator to - day , Mardochai .
Saul has changed into St. Paul , and Mardochai into Karl Marx .
By exterminating this pest , we shall do humanity a service of which our soldiers can have no idea . [ pp 76 - 79 ]
On the whole earth there 's no being , no substance , and probably no human institution that does n't end by growing old .
But it's in the logic of things that every human institution should be convinced of its everlastingness - unless it already carries the seed of its downfall .
The hardest steel grows weary .
Just as it is certain that one day the earth will disappear , so it is certain that the works of men will be overthrown .
All these manifestations are cyclical .
Religion is in perpetual conflict with the spirit of free research .
The Church 's opposition to science was sometimes so violent that it struck off sparks .
The Church , with a clear awareness of her interests , has made a strategic retreat , with the result that science has lost some of its aggressiveness .
The present system of teaching in schools permits the the following absurdity : at 10 a .m. the pupils attend a lesson in the catechism , at which the creation of the world is presented to them in accordance with the teachings of the Bible ; and at 11 a .m. they attend a lesson in natural science , at which they are taught the theory of evolution .
Yet the two doctrines are in complete contradiction .
As a child , I suffered from this contradiction , and ran my head against a wall .
Often I complained to one or another of my teachers against what I had been taught an hour before - and I remember that I drove them to despair .
The Christian religion tries to get out of it by explaining that one must attach a symbolic value to the images of Holy Writ .
Any man who made the same claim four hundred years ago would have ended his career at the stake , with an accompaniment of Hosannas .
By joining in the game of tolerance , religion has won back ground by comparison with bygone centuries .
Religion draws all the profit that can be drawn from the fact that science postulates the search for , and not the certain knowledge of ; the truth .
Let 's compare science to a ladder .
On every rung , one beholds a wider landscape .
But science does not claim to know the essence of things .
When science finds that it has to revise one or another notion that it had believed to be definitive , at once religion gloats and declares : " We told you so ! "
To say that is to forget that it's in the nature of science to behave itself thus .
For if it decided to assume a dogmatic air , it would itself become a church .
When one says that God provokes the lightning , that 's true in a sense ; but what is certain is that God does not direct the thunderbolt , as the Church claims .
The Church 's explanation of natural phenomena is an abuse , for the Church has ulterior interests .
True piety is the characteristic of the being who is aware of his weakness and ignorance .
Whoever sees
God only in an oak or in a tabernacle , instead of seeing Him everywhere , is not truly pious .
He remains attached to appearances - and when the sky thunders and the lightning strikes , he trembles simply from fear of being struck as a punishment for the sin he 's just committed .
A reading of the polemical writings of the seventeenth and eighteenth centuries , or of the conversations between Frederick II and Voltaire , inspires one with shame at our low intellectual level , especially amongst the military .
From now on , one may consider that there is no gap between the organic and inorganic worlds .
Recent experiments make it possible for one to wonder what distinguishes live bodies from inanimate matter .
In the face of this discovery , the Church will begin by rising in revolt , then it will continue to teach its " truths " .
One day finally , under the battering - ram of science , dogma will collapse .
It is logical that it should be so , for the human spirit cannot remorselessly apply itself to raising the veil of mystery without peoples ' one day drawing the conclusions
The Ten Commandments are a code of living to which there 's no refutation .
These precepts correspond to irrefragable needs of the human soul ; they 're inspired by the best religious spirit , and the Churches here support themselves on a solid foundation .
The Churches are born of the need to give a structure to the religious spirit .
Only the forms in which the religious instinct expresses itself can vary .
So - and - so does n't become aware of human littleness unless he is seized by the scruff of the neck , but so - and - so does not need even an unchaining of the elements to teach him the same thing .
In the depths of his heart , each man is aware of his puniness .
The microscope has taught us that we are hemmed in not only by the infinitely great , but also by the infinitely small - macrocosm and microcosm .
To such large considerations are added particular things that are brought to our attention by natural observation : that certain hygienic practices are good for a man-fasting , for example .
lt.'s by no means a result of chance that amongst the ancient Egyptians no distinction was drawn between medicine and religion .
If modern science were to ignore such data , it would be doing harm .
On the other hand , superstitions must not be allowed to hamper human progress .
That would be so intolerable as to justify the disappearance of religions .
When a man grows old , his tissues lose their elasticity .
The normal man feels a revulsion at the sight of death - this to such a point that it is usually regarded as a sign of bad taste to speak of it lightly .
A man who asks you if you have made your will is lacking in tact .
The younger one is , the less one cares about such matters .
But old people cling madly to life .
So it 's amongst them that the Church recruits her best customers .
She entices them with the prospect that death interrupts nothing , that beyond our human term everything continues , in much more agreeable conditions .
And you 'd refuse to leave your little pile of savings to the Church ?
Grosso modo , that 's more or less how it goes .
Is there a single religion that can exist without a dogma ?
No , for in that case it would belong to the order of science .
Science cannot explain why natural objects are what they are .
And that 's where religion comes in , with its comforting certainties .
When incarnated in the Churches , religion always finds itself in opposition to life .
So the Churches would be heading for disaster , and they know it , if they did n't cling to a rigid truth .
What is contrary to the visible truth must change or disappear - that 's the law of life .
We have this advantage over our ancestors of a thousand years ago , that we can see the past in depth , which they could n't .
We have this other advantage , that we can see it in breadth - an ability that likewise escaped them .
For a world population of two thousand two hundred and fifty millions , one can count on the earth a hundred and seventy religions of a certain importance - each of them claiming , of course , to be the repository of the truth .
At least a hundred and sixty - nine of them , therefore , are mistaken !
Amongst the religions practised to - day , there is none that goes back further than two thousand five hundred years .
But there have been human beings , in the baboon category , for at least three hundred thousand years .
There is less distance between the man-ape and the ordinary modern man than there is between the ordinary modern man and a man like Schopenhauer .
In comparison with this millenary past , what does a period of two thousand years signify ?
The universe , in its material elements , has the same composition whether we ' re speaking of the earth , the sun or any other planet .
It is impossible to suppose nowadays that organic life exists only on our planet .
Does the knowledge brought by science make men happy ?
That I do n't know .
But I observe that man can be happy by deluding himself with false knowledge .
I grant one must cultivate tolerance .
It 's senseless to encourage man in the idea that he 's a king of creation , as the scientist of the past century tried to make him believe .
That same man who , in order to get about quicker , has to straddle a horse - that mammiferous , brainless being !
I do n't know a more ridiculous claim . [ pp 83 - 87 ]
From the rostrum of the Reichstag I prophesied to Jewry that m the event of war 's proving inevitable , the Jew would disappear from Europe .
That race of criminals has on its conscience the two million dead of the first World War , and now already hundreds of thousands more .
Let nobody tell me that all the same we can't park them in the marshy parts of Russia !
Who s worrying about our troops ?
It 's not a bad idea , by the way that public rumour attributes to us a plan to exterminate the Jews Terror is a salutary thing .
The attempt to create a Jewish State will be a failure .
The book that contains the reflections of the Emperor Julian should be circulated in millions .
What wonderful intelligence , what discernment , all the wisdom of antiquity !
It 's extraordinary .
With what clairvoyance the authors of the eighteenth , and especially those of the past , century criticised Christianity and passed judgment on the evolution of the Churches !
People only retain from the past what they want to find there .
As seen by the Bolshevik , the history of the Tsars seems like a blood - bath .
But what is that , compared with the crimes of Bolshevism ?
There exists a history of the world , compiled by Rotteck , a liberal of the ' forties , in which facts are considered from the point of view of the period ; antiquity is resolutely neglected .
We , too , shall re-write history , from the racial point of view .
Starting with isolated examples , we shall proceed to a complete revision .
It will be a question , not only of studying the sources , but of giving facts a logical link .
There are certain facts that can't be satisfactorily explained by the usual methods .
So we must take another attitude as our point of departure .
As long as students of biology believed in spontaneous generation , it was impossible to explain the presence of microbes .
What a certificate of mental poverty it was for Christianity that it destroyed the libraries of the ancient world !
GrecoRoman thought was made to seem like the teachings of the Devil .
" If thou desirest to live , thou shalt not expose thyself unto temptation . "
Bolshevism sets about its task in the same way as Christianity , so that the faithful may not know what is happening in the rest of the world .
The object is to persuade them that the system they enjoy is unique in the world in point of technical and social organisation .
Somebody told me of a liftman in Moscow who sincerely believed that there were no lifts anywhere else .
I never saw anybody so amazed as that Russian ambassador , the engineer , who came to me one evening to thank me for not having put any obstacles in the way of a visit he paid to some German factories .
At first I asked myself if the man was mad !
I supposed it was the first time he saw things as they are , and I imagine he sent his Government an indiscreet note on the subject .
He was recalled to Moscow a few days later , and we learnt he'd been shot .
Christianity set itself systematically to destroy ancient culture .
What came to us was passed down by chance , or else it was a product of Roman liberal writers .
Perhaps we are entirely ignorant of humanity 's most precious spiritual treasures .
Who can know what was there ?
The Papacy was faithful to these tactics even during recorded history .
How did people behave , during the age of the great explorations , towards the spiritual riches of Central America ?
In our parts of the world , the Jews would have immediately eliminated Schopenhauer , Nietzsche and Kant .
If the Bolsheviks had dominion over us for two hundred years , what works of our past would be handed on to posterity ?
Our great men would fall into oblivion , or else they'd be presented to future generations as criminals and bandits .
I do n't believe at all in the truth of certain mental pictures that many people have of the Roman emperors .
I 'm sure that Nero did n't set fire to Rome .
It was the Christian - Bolsheviks who did that , just as the Commune set fire to Paris in 1871 and the Communists set fire to the Reichstag in 1932 .
There is a form of hypocrisy , typically Protestant , that is impudence itself .
Catholicism has this much good about it , that it ignores the moral strictness of the Evangelicals .
In Catholic regions life is more endurable , for the priest himself succumbs more easily to human weaknesses .
So he permits his flock not to dramatise sin .
How would the Church earn her living , if not by the sins of the faithful ?
She declares herself satisfied if one goes to confession .
Indulgence , at a tariff , supplies the Church with her daily bread .
As for the fruits of um , the soul that fears limbo is a candidate for baptism , that is to say , another customer , and so business goes on !
It is a fact that in Catholic parts of the world there are many more illegitimate births than in Protestant parts .
In Austria , Protestantism was free of all bigotry .
It was truly a movement of protest against Catholicism .
Moreover , these Protestants were entirely devoted to the German cause .
A scandal is that , when a believer leaves a particular faith , be is compelled to pay the ecclesiastical tax for another year .
A simple statement should be enough to free him at once from owing anything further .
We 'll put all that right as soon as we have peace again .
Take Gobbels , for example .
He married a Protestant .
At once he was put under the Church 's ban .
Very naturally , he declared that he would stop paying the ecclesiastical tax .
But the Church does n't see things that way .
Exclusion is a punishment , which does not remove the obligation to pay the tax !
For my part , the Church held it against me that I was a witness to this marriage .
They would certainly have put me under the ban , too , if they had not calculated that it might have won me new sympathies .
Every marriage concluded as the result of a divorce is regarded by the Church as living - in - sin .
The result is that , in Austria , for example , nobody cares about the commandments of the Church .
From this point of view , Austria was in advance of Germany .
The most extraordinary divorce story I know is that of Starhemberg .
The Church allowed him to obtain a divorce for a payment of two hundred and fifty thousand schillings .
The reason advanced , by agreement between the parties , was that the marriage was null and void since the contracting parties had come together with the firm intention of not performing their marital duties .
Since Starhemberg had no money , the sum was paid by the Heimwehr .
What has n't the Church discovered as a source of revenue , in the course of these fifteen hundred years ?
It 's an unending circle .
I have numerous accounts to settle , about which I can not think to - day .
But that does n't mean I forget them .
I write them down .
The time will come to bring out the big book !
Even with regard to the Jews , I 've found myself remaining inactive .
There 's no sense in adding uselessly to the difficulties of the moment .
One acts more shrewdly when one bides one 's time .
. .
When I read of the speeches of a man like Galen , I tell myself that there 's no point in administering pin-pricks , and that for the moment it 's preferable to be silent .
Why should anyone have room to doubt the durability of our movement ?
And if I reflect that it will last several centuries , then I can offer myself the luxury of waiting .
I would not have reached my final reckoning with Marxism if I had n't had the strength on my side Methods of persuasion of a moral order are not an effective weapon against those who despise the truth - when we have to do with priests , for example , of a Church who know that everything about it is based on lies , and who live by it .
They think me a spoil - sport when I rise up in their midst ; indeed , I am going to spoil their little games .
In 1905 to 1906 , when the modernist movement broke out , there were such excesses that some priests , in reaction , over - ran the reformers ' objectives and became real revolutionaries .
They were at once expelled , of course .
The power of the Church was so great that they were ruined .
Men like the Abbot Schachleiter suffered a lot .
Nowadays , a priest who 's unfrocked can build a new career for himself .
What gave the power of the Church such a handle was the fact that the civil power did n't want to interfere in these matters at any price .
Things have changed a great deal since then .
Nowadays great numbers of priests are forsaking the Church .
Obviously , there 's a hard core , and I shall never get them all .
You do n't imagine I can convert the Holy Father .
One does not persuade a man who's at the head of such a gigantic concern to give it up .
It 's his livelihood !
I grant , moreover , that , having grown up in it , he can't conceive of the possibility of anything else .
As for the nuns , I 'm opposed to the use of force .
They'd be incapable of leading any other life .
They'd be without support , literally ruined .
In this respect , the Catholic Church has taken over the institution of the Vestal Virgins .
As soon as a girl becomes a woman , she 's faced with the problem of getting a man .
If she does n't find a fiancée ' , or if she loses him , it 5 possible that she may refuse to have anything more to do with life , and may prefer to retire to a convent .
It can also happen that parents may promise their children to the Church .
When a human being has spent ten years in a monastery or convent , he or she loses the exact idea of reality .
For a woman , a part is played by the sense of belonging to a community that takes care of her .
When she lacks the support of a man , she quite naturally looks for this support elsewhere .
In Germany we have , unfortunately , two million more women than men .
A girl 's object is , and should be , to get married .
[ pp 87 - 91 ]
I 've always defended the point of view that the Party should hold itself aloof from religion .
We never organised religious services for our supporters .
I preferred to run the risk of being put under the ban of the Church or excommunicated .
The Church 's friendship costs too dear .
In case of success , I can hear myself being told that it 's thanks to her .
I 'd rather she had nothing to do with it , and that I should n't be presented with the bill !
Russia used to be the most bigoted State of all .
Nothing happened there without the participation of the Orthodox priests .
That did n't prevent the Russians from getting beaten .
It seems that the prayers of a hundred and forty million Russians were less convincing , before God , than those of a smaller number of Japanese .
It was the same thing in the first World War .
Russian prayers had less weight than ours .
Even on the home front , the cowls proved incapable of ensuring the maintenance of the established order .
They permitted the triumph of Bolshevism .
One can even say that the reactionary and clerical circles helped on this triumph , by eliminating Rasputin .
They thus eliminated a force that was capable of stimulating the healthy elements in the Slav soul .
But for the Nationalist volunteers of 1919 - 20 , the clergy would have fallen victim to Bolshevism just as much in Germany as they did in Russia .
The skull - cap is a danger to the State when things go badly .
The clergy takes a sly pleasure in rallying the enemies of the established order , and thus shares the responsibility for the disorders that arise .
Think of the difficulties the Popes continually caused the German emperors !
I would gladly have recourse to the shavelings , if they could help us to intercept English or Russian aircraft .
But , for the present , the men who serve our anti-aircraft guns are more useful than the fellows who handle the sprinkler .
In the Latin countries , we 've often been within a hair 's breadth of seeing Bolshevism triumph , and thus administer the death - blow to a society that was always on the point of collapse .
When , in ancient Rome , the plebs were mobilised by Christianity , the intelligentsia had lost contact with the ancient forms of worship .
The man of to - day , who is formed by the disciplines of science , has likewise ceased taking the teaching of religion very seriously .
What is in opposition to the laws of nature cannot come from God.
Moreover , thunderbolts do not spare churches .
A system of metaphysics that is drawn from Christianity and founded on outmoded notions does not correspond to the level of modern knowledge .
In Italy and in Spain , that will all end badly .
They 'll cut each other 's throats .
I do n't want anything of that sort amongst us .
We can bc glad that the Parthenon is still standing upright , the Roman Pantheon and the other temples .
It matters little that the forms of worship that were practised there no longer mean anything to us .
It is truly regrettable that so little is left of these temples .
The result is , we are in no risk of worshipping Zeus .
Amongst us , the only witnesses of our greatness in the Middle Ages are the cathedrals .
It would be enough to permit a movement of religious persecution to cause the disappearance of all the monuments that our country built from the fifth to the seventeenth century .
What a void , and how greatly the world would be impoverished !
I know nothing of the Other World , and I have the honesty to admit it .
Other people know more about it than I do , and I 'm incapable of proving that they 're mistaken .
I do n't dream of imposing my philosophy on a village girl .
Although religion does not aim at seeking for the truth , it is a kind of philosophy which can satisfy simple minds , and that does no harm to any - one .
Everything is finally a matter of the feeling man has of his own impotence .
In itself , this philosophy has nothing pernicious about it .
The essential thing , really , is that man should know that salvation consists in the effort that each person makes to understand Providence and accept the laws of nature .
Since all violent upheavals are a calamity , I would prefer the adaptation to be made without shocks .
What could be longest left undisturbed are women 's convents .
The sense of the inner life brings people great enrichment .
What we must do , then , is to extract from religions the poison they contain .
In this respect , great progress has been made during recent centuries .
The Church must be made to understand that her kingdom is not of this world .
What an example Frederick the Great set when he reacted against the Church 's claim to be allowed to interfere in matters of State !
The marginal notes , in his handwriting , which one finds on the pleas addressed to him by the pastors , have the value of judgments of Solomon .
They 're definitive .
Our generals should make a practice of reading them daily .
One is humiliated to see how slowly humanity progresses .
The house of Habsburg produced , in Joseph II , a pale imitator of Frederick the Great .
A dynasty that can produce even one intellect in the class of Frederick the Great 's has justified itself in the eyes of history .
We had experience of it during the first World War : the only one of the belligerents that was truly religious was Germany .
That did n't prevent her from losing the war .
What repulsive hypocrisy that arrant Freemason , Roosevelt , displays when he speaks of Christianity !
All the Churches should rise up against him - for he acts on principles diametrically opposed to those of the religion of which he boasts .
The religions have passed the climacteric ; they 're now decadent .
They can remain like that for a few centuries yet .
What revolutions wo n't do , will be done by evolution .
One may regret living at a period when it 's impossible to form an idea of the shape the world of the future will assume .
But there 's one thing I can predict to eaters of meat , that the world of the future will be vegetarian ! [ pp 122-125 ]
If the mental picture that Christians form of God were Correct , the god of the ants would be an ant , and similarly for the other animals . [ p. 135 ]
The catastrophe , for us , is that of being tied to a religion that rebels against all the joys of the senses .
Apropos of that , the hypocrisy of the Protestants is worse than that of the Catholics .
Protestantism has the warmth of the iceberg .
The Catholic Church , that still has its thousand years of experience and has not lost contact with its Jewish origins , is obviously more adroit .
She permits the orgies of Carnival , firstly because she is powerless to prevent them , and secondly because she recaptures the sinner on Ash Wednesday .
By picturing to him the sufferings of Hell , she succeeds in inciting him to be properly generous .
After periods of repentance , there 's room for relaxation ! [ p. 142 ]
The war will be over one day .
I shall then consider that my life 's final task will be to solve the religious problem .
Only then Will the life of the German native be guaranteed once and for all .
I do n't interfere in matters of belief .
Therefore I can't allow churchmen to interfere with temporal affairs .
The organised lie must be smashed .
The State must remain the absolute master .
When I was younger , I thought it was necessary to set about matters with dynamite .
I 've since realised that there ' S room for a little subtlety .
The rotten branch falls of itself .
The final state must be : in St. Peter 's Chair , a senile officiant ; facing him , a few sinister old women , as gaga and as poor in spirit as anyone could wish .
The young and healthy are on our side .
Against a Church that identifies itself with the State , as in England , I have nothing to say .
But , even so , it 's impossible eternally to hold humanity in bondage with lies .
After all , it was only between the sixth and eighth centuries that Christianity was imposed on our peoples by princes who had an alliance of interests with the shavelings .
Our peoples had previously succeeded in living all right without this religion .
I have six divisions of SS composed of men absolutely indifferent in matters of religion .
It does n't prevent them from going to their deaths with serenity in their souls .
Christ was an Aryan , and St. Paul used his doctrine to mobilise the criminal underworld and thus organise a protoBolshevism .
This intrusion upon the world marks the end of a long reign , that of the clear Greco - Latin genius .
What is this God who takes pleasure only in seeing men grovel before Him ?
Try to picture to yourselves the meaning of the following , quite simple story .
God creates the conditions for sin .
Later on He succeeds , with the help of the Devil , in causing man to sin .
Then
He employs a virgin to bring into the world a son who , by His death , will redeem humanity !
I can imagine people being enthusiastic about the paradise of Mahomet , but as for the insipid paradise of the Christians !
In your lifetime , you used to hear the music of Richard Wagner .
After your death , it will be nothing but hallelujahs , the waving of palms , children of an age for the feeding - bottle , and hoary old men .
The man of the isles pays homage to the forces of nature .
But Christianity is an invention of sick brains : one could imagine nothing more senseless , nor any more indecent way of turning the idea of the Godhead into a mockery .
A negro with his tabus is crushingly superior to the human being who seriously believes in Transubstantiation .
I begin to lose all respect for humanity when I think that some people on our side , Ministers or generals , are capable of believing that we cannot triumph without the blessing of the Church .
Such a notion is excusable in little children who have learnt nothing else .
For thirty years the Germans tore each other to pieces simply in order to know whether or not they should take Communion in both kinds .
There 's nothing lower than religious notions like that .
From that point of view , one can envy the Japanese .
They have a religion which is very simple and brings them into contact with nature .
They 've succeeded even in taking Christianity and turning it into a religion that 's less shocking to the intellect .
By what would you have me replace the Christians ' picture of the Beyond ?
What comes naturally to mankind is the sense of eternity and that sense is at the bottom of every man .
The soul and the mind migrate , just as the body returns to nature .
Thus life is eternally reborn from life .
As for the " why ? " of all that , I feel no need to rack my brains on the subject .
The soul is unplumbable .
If there is a God , at the same time as He gives man life He gives him intelligence .
By regulating my life according to the understanding that is granted me , I may be mistaken , but I act in good faith .
The concrete image of the Beyond that religion forces on me does not stand up to examination .
Think of those who look down from on high upon what happens on earth : what a martyrdom for them , to see human beings indefatigably repeating the same gestures , and inevitably the same errors !
In my view , H. S. Chamberlain was mistaken in regarding Christianity as a reality upon the spiritual level .
Man judges everything in relation to himself .
What is bigger than himself is big , what is smaller is small .
Only one thing is certain , that one is part of the spectacle .
Everyone finds his own role .
Joy exists for everybody .
I dream of a state of affairs in which every man would know that he lives and dies for the preservation of the species .
It 's our duty to encourage that idea : let the man who distinguishes himself in the service of the Species be thought worthy of the highest honours .
What a happy inspiration , to have kept the clergy out of the Party !
On the 21st March 1933 , at Potsdam , the question was raised : with the Church , or without the Church ?
I conquered the St ate despite the malediction pronounced on us by both creeds .
On that day , we went directly to the tomb of the kings whilst the others were visiting religious services .
Supposing that at that period I 'd made a pact with the Churches , I 'd today be sharing the lot of the Duce .
By nature the Duce is a freethinker , but he decided to choose the path of concessions .
For my part , in his place I 'd have taken the path of revolution .
I 'd have entered the Vatican and thrown everybody out - reserving the right to apologise later : " Excuse me , it was a mistake . "
But the result would have been , they 'd have been outside !
When all is said , we have no reason to wish that the Italians and Spaniards should free themselves .
from the drug of Christianity .
Let 's be the only people who are immunised against the disease .
[ pp 143-145 ]
Kerrl , with the noblest of intentions , wanted to attempt a synthesis between National Socialism and Christianity .
I do n't believe the thing 's possible , and I see the obstacle in Christianity itself .
I think I could have come to an understanding with the Popes of the Renaissance .
Obviously , their Christianity was a danger on the practical level and , on the propaganda level , it continued to be a lie .
But a Pope , even a criminal one , who protects great artists and spreads beauty around him , is nevertheless more sympathetic to me than the Protestant minister who drinks from the poisoned spring .
Pure Christianity - the Christianity of the catacombs - is concerned with translating the Christian doctrine into facts .
It leads quite simply to the annihilation of mankind .
It is merely whole - hearted Bolshevism , under a tinsel of metaphysics . [ p. 145-146 ]
Mark my words , Bormann , I 'm going to become very religious Bormann : " You 've always been very religious . "
I m going to become a religious figure .
Soon I 'll be the great chief of the Tartars .
Already Arabs and Moroccans are mingling my name with their prayers .
Amongst the Tartars I all become Khan .
The only thing of which I shall be incapable is to share the sheiks ' mutton with them .
I 'm a vegetarian , and they must spare me from their meat .
If they do n't wait too long , I 'll fall back on their harems ! [ p. 203-204 ]
The evil that 's gnawing our vitals is our priests , of both creeds .
I can't at present give them the answer they 've been asking for , but it will cost them nothing to wait .
It 's all written down in my big book .
The time will come when I 'll settle my account with them , and I 'll go straight to the point .
I do n't know which should be considered the more dangerous : the minister of religion who play - acts at patriotism , or the man who openly opposes the State .
The fact remains that it 's their maneuvers that have led me to my decision .
They 've only got to keep at it , they 'll hear from me , all right .
I shan't let myself be hampered by juridical scruples .
Only necessity has legal force .
In less than ten years from now , things will have quite another look , I can promise them .
We sha n't be able to go on evading the religious problem much longer .
If anyone thinks it 's really essential to build the life of human society on a foundation of lies , well , in my estimation , such a society is not worth preserving .
If ' on the other hand , one believes that truth is the indispensable foundation , then conscience bids one intervene in the name of truth , and exterminate the lie .
Periods that have endured such affronts without protesting will be condemned by people of the coming generations .
Just as the pyres for heretics have been suppressed , so all these by .
products of ignorance and bad faith will have to be eliminated in their turn . [ p 304 ]
In virtue of what law , divine or otherwise , should the rich alone have the right to govern ?
The world is passing at this moment through one of the most important revolutions in human history .
We are witnessing the final somersaults of Christianity .
It began with the Lutheran revolution .
The revolutionary nature of that rebellion lies in the fact that until then there had been only one authority , on both the spiritual and the temporal level , that of the Pope - for it was he who delegated temporal power .
Dogma cannot resist the ceaselessly renewed attacks of the spirit of free enquiry .
One cannot teach at ten o'clock in the morning truths which one destroys in the eleven o'clock lesson .
What is ruining Christianity to - day is what once ruined the ancient world .
The pantheistic mythology would no longer suit the social conditions of the period .
As soon as the idea was introduced that all men were equal before God , that world was bound to collapse . [ p. 336 ]
I believe that Providence gives the victory to the man who knows how to use the brains nature has given him .
The notions of law invented by the jurists have little to do with natural laws .
The wisdom of nations sometimes expresses truths as old as the world , that perfectly reproduce nature 's intentions .
" God helps him who helps himself ! "
It 's obvious that man forgets his own destiny .
One day I explained to Eltz that what is conventionally called creation is probably an immovable thing , that only man 's conception of it is subject to variations .
Why does n't God give everybody the possibility of understanding truth ?
Every man of average culture knows that at this precise moment the catholic religion is of interest to just one tenth of the population of the globe .
He 's astonished , too , that Providence , which has willed all that , can allow so many religions , all true from the point of view of those who practise them , to compete for the faith of the faithful .
He knows , too , thanks to the view in depth that history enables him to take , that the Christian religion interests only those living in a tiny period of the life of mankind .
God made men .
But thanks to original sin we are men in the age of our world , earning our bread in the sweat of our brow .
For five hundred thousand years , God impassively contemplated the spectacle of which He is the author .
Then one day he decided to send upon earth
His only son .
You remember the tails of that complicated story !
Those who do n't believe should , it seems , have faith imposed on them by force .
If God is truly interested in men being enlightened , one wonders why He resorts to torture for that purpose .
While we 're on the subject , let 's add that , even amongst those who claim to be good Catholics , very few really believe in this humbug .
Only old women , who have given up everything because life has already withdrawn from them , go regularly to church .
All that 's dead wood - and one should n't waste one 's time in concerning oneself with such brains .
In the trade union formed by the Church , many of the members have tangible interests to defend , and see no further .
A given set of grimaces , certain people identify them with true religion .
After that , let 's express surprise that these cynical exploiters of God are the true purveyors of atheism .
Why should men fight to make their point of view triumph , if prayer should be enough ?
In the Spanish struggle , the clergy , should have said : " We defend ourselves by the power of prayer . "
But they deemed it safer to finance a lot of heathens , so that Holy Church could save her skin .
If I 'm a poor devil and die without having had time to repent , I 'm all right .
But if ; as a preliminary , I can dispose of ten marks to the Church 's benefit , my affairs appear in a more favourable light .
And is that what God would have wanted ?
That little country girls and simple working men should be set dancing to that tune , that 's a thing that can be explained .
But that intelligent men should make themselves accomplices to such superstitions , and that it 's because of these superstitions , and in the name of love , that hundreds of thousands of human beings have been exterminated in the course of history - that is something I can not admit .
I shall never believe that what is founded on lies can endure for ever .
I believe in truth .
I 'm sure that , in the long run , truth must be victorious .
It 's probable that , as regards religion , we are about to enter an era of tolerance .
Everybody will be allowed to seek his own salvation in the way that suits him best .
The ancient world knew this climate of tolerance .
Nobody took to proselytising .
If I enter a church , it 's not with the idea of overturning idols .
It 's to look for , and perhaps to find , beauties in which I 'm interested .
It would always be disagreeable for me to go down to posterity as a man who made concessions in this field .
I realise that man , in his imperfection , can commit innumerable errors - but to devote myself deliberately to error , that is something I can not do .
I shall never come personally to terms with the Christian lie .
In acting as I do , I 'm very far from the wish to scandalise .
But I rebel when I see the very idea of Providence flouted in this fashion .
It 's a great satisfaction for me to feel myself totally foreign to that world .
But I shall feel I 'm in my proper place if ; after my death , I find myself , together with people like me , on some sort of Olympus .
I shall be in the company of the most enlightened spirits of all times .
I adopted a definite attitude on the 21st March ' 933 when I refused to take part in the religious services , organised at Potsdam by the two Churches , for the inauguration of the new Reichstag .
I 've never concerned myself , in the Party , with learning to which Church the men around me belonged , or did not belong .
But if I were to die to - day , it would shock me to know that there 's a single " sky - pilot " within a radius of ten kilometres around me .
The idea that one of these fellows could bring me slightest help would by itself make me despair of Providence .
As far as I 'm concerned , I act according to my convictions .
I do n't prevent anyone from praying silently , but I rebel against all blasphemy .
So let nobody waste prayers on me that I shall not have asked for .
If my presence on earth is providential , I owe it to a superior will .
But I owe nothing to the Church that trafficks in the salvation of souls , and I find it really too cruel .
I admit that one cannot impose one 's will by force , but I have a horror of people who enjoy inflicting sufferings on others ' bodies and tyranny upon others ' souls .
Our epoch will certainly see the end of the disease of Christianity .
It will last another hundred years , two hundred years perhaps .
My regret will have been that I could n't , like whoever the prophet was , behold the promised land from afar .
We are entering into a conception of the world that will be a sunny era , an era of tolerance .
Man must be put in a position to develop freely the talents that God has given him .
What is important above all is that we should prevent a greater lie from replacing the lie that is disappearing .
The world of Judeo - Bolshevism must collapse . [ p 341-344 ]
I intend ... to have one suspension bridge at Linz .
On the opposite bank I shall construct , as a counter to the pseudo - science of the Catholic Church , an observatory in which will be represented the three great cosmological conceptions of history -- those of Ptolemy , of Copernicus and of Hörbiger . [ p 445 ]
It is a great pity that this tendency towards religious thought can find no better outlet than the Jewish pettifoggery of the Old Testament .
For religious people who , in the solitude of winder , continually seek ultimate light on their religious problems with the assistance of the Bible , must eventually become spiritually deformed .
The wretched people strive to extract truths from these Jewish chicaneries , where in fact no truths exist .
As a result they become embedded in some rut of thought or other and , unless they possess an exceptionally commonsense mind , degenerate into religious maniacs .
It is deplorable that the Bible should have been translated into German , and that the whole of the German people should have thus become exposed to the whole of this Jewish mumbojumbo .
So long as the wisdom , particularly of the Old Testament , remained exclusively in the Latin of the Church , there was little danger that sensible people would become the victims of illusions as the result of the studying the Bible .
But since the Bible became common property , a whole heap of people have found opened to them lines of religious thought which -- particularly in conjunction with the German characteristic of persistent and somewhat melancholy meditation -- as often as not turned them into religious maniacs .
When one recollects further that the Catholic Church has elevated to the status of Saints a whole number of madmen , one realises why movements such as that of the Flagellants came inevitably into existence in the Middle Ages in Germany .
As a sane German , one is flabbergasted to think that German human beings could have let themselves be brought to such a pass by Jewish filth and priestly twaddle , that they were little different from the howling dervish of the Turks and the negroes , at whom we laugh so scornfully .
It angers one to think that , while in other parts of the globe religious teaching like that of Confucius , Buddha and Mohammed offers an undeniably broad basis for the religious - minded , Germans should have been duped by a theological exposition devoid of all honest depth .
... The essential conclusion to which these considerations leads me is that we must do everything humanly possible to protect for all time any further sections of the German people from the danger of mental deformity , regardless of whether it be religious mania or any other type of cerebral derangement .
For this reason I have directed that every town of any importance shall have an observatory , for astronomy has been shown by experience to be one of the best means at man 's disposal for increasing his knowledge of the universe , and thus saving from any tendency towards mental aberration .
[ pp 513-14 ]
Should we decide to recall our present representative from the Vatican , I can see no adequate reason for sending any fresh incombent to this Embassy .
The relations between Germany and the Vatican are based on the Concordat .
But this same Concordat is no more than the survival of agreements reached between the Vatican and the different German States , and , with the disappearance of the latter and their incorporation into the German Reich , it has become obsolete .
It is true that it has as basis these various agreements , but it is a conformation of past agreements rather than a current agreement in force .
I am therefore of the considered opinion that the juridical consequence of the disappearance of the sovereignty of the individual German States and its incorporation in the sovereignty of the Reich render the continuation of diplomatic relations with the Vatican redundant .
From military reasons connected with the war I have so far refrained from translating this conception into fact .
Equally , however , I have shown myself unresponsive to the attempts of the Vatican towards extension of the provisions of the Concordat to embrace the newly acquired territories of the Reich .
The Saar , Sudetenland , Bohemia and Moravia , the Reichsgau Danzig - East Prussia , the Warthegau , a large part of Silesia and Alsace - Lorraine have , in fact , no relations with the Roman Catholic Church which are supported by formal international agreement .
In these territories , therefore , Church affairs must be settled locally .
If the Papal Nuncio seeks audience of the Foreign Office and tries through this channel to gain some say in religious developments in the new territories , his advances must be rejected . .
He must be told clearly that , in the absence of any particular Concordat , the settlement of Church affairs in these territories is a matter to be settled exclusively between the relevant State representative - that is , the Reichsstatthalter - and the head of the local ecclesiastical body .
I should , of course , have preferred Minister Lammers to impart this information to the Papal Nuncio .
Unfortunately the Wilhelmstrasse , with its usual greed for fields of fresh authority , has allowed itself to be imposed upon by the Papal Legate .
Well , I shall be interested to see how these gentlemen get themselves out of the tangle !
Regulations framed to cover the whole Reich cannot be make more difficult the clarification of relations between State and Church , at which we are aiming ; for the Catholic Church strives always to seek advantage where we are weakest b demanding the application to the whole Reich of those of t various Concordats which conform most closely to aspirations .
Therefore , as regards future relations between State a Church , it is very satisfactory from our point of view that nearly half the Reich negotiations can now be conducted by appropriate Reichsstatthalter , unfettered by the clauses of central Concordat .
For this means that in each district Gauleiter can , according to the degree of emancipation acquired by the population of his Gau , lead the people forward step by step in the sense that we desire .
[ Note by translator .
The diatribe which occupies the next few paragraphs is couched in most bitter and often vulgar terms .
Throughout Hitler uses opprobrious term " Pfaffe " ( in one case " Piaffengeschmeiss " ) , of which is no direct English equivalent .
The translator has tried to reproduce atmosphere of the passage . ]
Although , in general , I hold no brief for the Americans , I must in this respect take off my hat to them .
The American statesmen , by subjecting the Church to the same regulations governing all other associations and institutions , have limited its field of activity to reasonable proportions ; and , as the State does not contribute from State Funds one single cent to the church , the whole clergy cringes and sings hymns in praise of Government .
This is not to be wondered at !
The parson , like everyone else , has got to live ; what he makes out of the public offertory does n't amount to much , and so he is more or less dependent on State charity .
As he has no legal claim whatever on the State , he therefore takes very good care that his demeanour is always pleasing in the eyes of the State and therefore deserving of the crumbs it cares to toss to him .
Once we cease handing out milliards of marks a year to the church , our damn parsons will very quickly change their tune and instead of having the impudence to revile us and attack us the most shameful manner , will very soon be eating out of our hands .
We can make this clerical gang go the way we want , quite easily - and at far less cost than at present .
Contributions should be made to selected individual parsons .
If we give some Bishop - - for himself and his subordinates - - a round million , he will pocket the first three hundred thousand for his own use -- otherwise he 's no true parson !
The distribution the meagre rest among the parsons of his whole diocese will cause a pretty little uproar among the whole brood - and leave us laughing like hell !
In one respect , however , we must remain absolutely obdurate .
Any petitions for State intervention must be rejected out of hand .
Justification for such rejection is obvious .
On its own Eli owing the Church knows full well that no profane spirits could possibly succeed in mediating in Church affairs as well as the clergy itself .
How can you expect some wretched little Government jack - in - office like myself , to whom the light has not been vouchsafed , to tackle so vital and intricate a problem !
Agreement as to distribution of funds must , as in other agreements , be left in the hands of the Reichsstatthalter .
I do n't think we need fear that they will enter upon any commitments which are directed against either the State or its interests .
For one thing , the Gauleiters are under firm control , and for another , most of the Reichsstatthalters are much stricter in these affaires than I am .
Once the war is over we will put a swift end to the Concordat .
It will give me the greatest personal pleasure to point out to the Church all those occasions on which it has broken the terms of it .
One need only recall the close cooperation between the Church and the murderers of Heydrich .
Catholic priests not only allowed them to hide in a church on the outskirts of Prague , but even allowed them to entrench themselves in the sanctuary of the altar .
The development of relations between State and Church affords a very instructive example of how the carelessness of a single statesman can have after - effects which last for centuries .
When Charlemagne was kneeling at prayer in St. Peter 's , Rome , at Christmas in the year 8 oo , the Pope , giving him no time to work out the possible effects of so symbolic an action , suddenly bent down and presto !
popped a golden crown on his head !
By permitting it , the Emperor delivered himself and his successors into the hands of a power which subjected the German Government and the German people to five hundred years of martyrdom .
To -day , as always , there are responsible people to be found who are careless enough to allow a crown of gold to be popped on to their heads , and one cannot exaggerate the enormous effects which such an action , seemingly trifling at the time , can later produce .
Much in the same class and equally stupid is the idea of the Wilhelmstrasse that every note from the Vatican must be answered .
The very act of answering is tantamount to an admission of the right of the Vatican to interfere in German domestic issues -- if only in ecclesiastical issues -- and to maintain official correspondence with us .
Not only the history of the past , but also present times afford numberless examples of the very hard - boiled diplomats to be found in the service of the Catholic Church , and of how extremely cautious one must be in dealing with them .
Just after my entry into Vienna I heard a tremendous whistling and cheering under my window and was told that it was for Cardinal Archbishop Innitzer , who was on his way to visit me .
I expected to see a wretched little parson , downcast and oppressed with the burden of his sins .
Instead of which there appeared a man who addressed me with self - assurance and a beaming countenance , just as if ; throughout the while period of the Austrian republic , he had never even touched a single hair of the head of any National Socialist !
Let me add , however , that once one has come into contact with gentlemen of this type , one soon learns to recognise them on sight .
The Papal Nuncio , on whom , as doyen of the diplomatic corps , falls the duty of delivering the congratulatory address at the New Year 's ceremony , invariably tries to use the occasion to turn the conversation to the position of the Catholics in Germany .
But I always manage to side - step him , asking him in a most amiable and pressing manner for news of the health of his Holiness and , when this engrossing subject has been dealt with , turning hastily to greet the remainder of the diplomatic corps .
Except at this reception , I have on principle always refused to meet the Papal Nuncio , and fob him off on to Lammers instead .
I have thus succeeded in withdrawing myself from all personal contact with the Vatican .
During the years of our struggle Rosenberg once submitted to me the draft .
of a leading article he proposed publishing in reply to the attacks of the Catholic Church .
I forbade him to publish it ; and I still think it was a great mistake that Rosenberg ever let himself be drawn into a battle of words with the Church .
He had absolutely nothing to gain from it ; the hesitant Catholics of their own free will regarded the Church with a critical eye , and from the truly devout not only could he expect no fair hearing for his " heretical outpourings " , but he must also have realised that the opposition propaganda would condemn him for his meddling in matters of faith and successfully point to him as a man guilty of mortal sin .
The fact that I remain silent in public over Church affairs is not in the least misunderstood by the sly foxes of the Catholic Church , and I am quite sure that a man like the Bishop von Galen knows full well that after the war I shall extract retribution to the last farthing .
And , if he does not succeed in getting himself transferred in the meanwhile to the Collegium Germanium in Rome , he may rest assured that in the balancing of our accounts , no " T " will remain uncrossed , no " I " undotted !
The attitude of the Bishop von Galen affords just one more argument in favour of terminating the Concordat after the war , substituting for it regional regulations and immediately withholding from the Church the financial support at present guaranteed to it by that treaty .
I am sure it will give my Reichsstatthalters great pleasure to inform some Bishop , who , from the State 's point of view , has strayed from the straight and narrow path , that the Reichsgau , owing to a temporary lack of funds , is , unfortunately and to his own personal deep regret , compelled temporarily to stop such contributions as it was in the habit of making from time to time !
When once the Concordat and its financial obligations have been repudiated , and the Church becomes dependent on the offertory , it will pocket a bare 3 per cent of the money it at present gets from the State , and all the Bishops will come creeping and begging to the Reichsstatthalter .
It will be the duty of the Reichsstatthalter to make it quite clear after the war that he will deal with the Church in exactly ; the same way as he deals with any other national association , and that he will not tolerate the intervention of any foreign influence .
The Papal Nuncio can then return happily to Rome , we shall be saved the expense of an embassy at the Vatican , and the only people who will weep tears over the jobs that have been lost will be the Foreign Office ! [ pp 551-56 ]
[ Home | Articles on Religion | Was Hitler a Christian ?
Page ]
FBI program alleged to prepare businesses for martial law Michael Roston
Published : Friday February 8 , 2008
|
Print This Email
This A public - private partnership program on infrastructure preparedness and protection run by the Federal Bureau of Investigation allegedly has briefed its corporate members on the possibility of martial law and the use of lethal force , according to an exclusive report in the magazine The Progressive .
" One business owner in the United States tells me that InfraGard members are being advised on how to prepare for a martial law situation and what their role might be , " writes Matthew Rothschild in the Feb.
7 report , quoting an anonymous whistleblower on the program .
" ' Then they said when not if martial law is declared , it was our responsibility to protect our portion of the infrastructure , and if we had to use deadly force to protect it , we couldnt be prosecuted , ' he says . "
Rothschild 's report details InfraGard , a program set up between the FBI and a number of businesses engaged in maintaining elements of " critical national infrastructure , " such as agriculture , banking and finance , the chemical industry , defense , energy , food , information and telecommunications , law enforcement , public health , and transportation .
The program 's 23,000 - plus members provide information to the FBI and in turn receive privileged information from the FBI on threats to infrastructure .
In one case , Rothschild expalined , InfraGard members appeared to get details on a threat to California 's bridges prior to then - Gov. Gray Davis .
The California governor was informed by his brother Barry , a banker , of the danger potentially faced by the state 's residents .
" I was on the phone with my brother , who is an investment banker .
And if he knows , why shouldnt the public know ? "
Davis ' former press secretary Steve Maviglio quotes the governor as saying , according to Rothschild .
The FBI called accusations of deputizing businesses to shoot - to - kill in emergency situations " ridiculous . "
 If you want to quote a businessperson saying that , knock yourself out .
If that s what you want to print , fine , " a spokeswoman for the bureau told Rothschild .
The full article can be read at the Progressive 's website .
a = b + c * 2
d = e + f * 2
g = h + j * 2
k = m + n * 2
p = q + r * 2
def addtimestwo(x , y )
x + y * 2
end
# ...
a = addtimestwo ( b , c )
d = addtimestwo(e , f )
g = addtimestwo(e , f )
k = addtimestwo( m , n )
p = addtimestwo( q , r )
def addtimestwo(x , y )
x + y * 2
end
# ...
a , d , g , k , p = addtimestwo ( b , c ) , addtimestwo( e , f ) , addtimestwo( e , f ) , addtimestwo ( m , n ) , addtimestwo( q , r )
a , d , g , k , p = * [ [ b , c ] , [e , f ] , [ h , j ] , [m , n ] , [q , r ] ] . map { |x , y| x + y * 2 }
a , d , g , k , p = * [ [ b, e , h , m , q ] , [c , f , j, n , r ] ] .zip.map { |x , y| x + y * 2 }
addtimestwo
def addtimestwo(x , y )
x + y * 2
end
a = addtimestwo ( b , c )
d = addtimestwo(e , f )
# ...
a , d , g , k , p = addtimestwo ( b , c ) , addtimestwo( e , f ) , addtimestwo( e , f ) , addtimestwo ( m , n ) , addtimestwo( q , r )
a , d , g , k , p = * [ [ b , c ] , [e , f ] , [ h , j ] , [m , n ] , [q , r ] ] . map { |x , y| x + y * 2 }
a , d , g , k , p = * [ [ b, e , h , m , q ] , [c , f , j, n , r ] ] .zip.map { |x , y| x + y * 2 }
The Seasoned Schemer is the sequel to the phenomenal book The Little Schemer , a book that teaches recursion and first - class functions .
The Seasoned Schemer dives into first - class functions and teaches you how to express relationships by composing and combining functions .
It ’s a powerful abstraction that every programmer should have in their toolbox .
def addtimestwo(x , y )
x + y * 2
end
a = addtimestwo ( b , c )
d = addtimestwo(e , f )
# ...
addtimestwo
Programming languages teach you not to want what they cannot provide .
You do know other languages , and you recognize the other relationships that Pascal does not express well .
So you Greenspun OO into your code base , and you ’re hacking away at first - class functions .
Now you can express these other relationships , but your code base is extremely idiosyncratic , and in many cases the code is longer and more convoluted because you have to do weird backflips to make the language try to pretend to be Java or Factor .
You do n’t know any other languages , so you think that you have done your best .
You have no idea why other programmers are mumbling about Objects , or First - Class Functions , these weird things merely make the code an unreadable mess .
You do n’t see the underlying relationships those techniques express because you are a Pascal programmer .
An “ X programmer ” , for any value of X , is a weak player .
You have to cross -train to be a decent athlete these days .
Programmers need to be fluent in multiple languages with fundamentally different “ character ” before they can make truly informed design decisions .
float frubbish = 0.0 ;
for ( int i = 0 ; i < foo.length ; ++i ) {
for ( int j = 0 ; j < bar.length ; ++j ) {
for ( int k = 0 ; k < bash.
length ; ++k ) {
frubbish += some_function ( foo [i ] , bar[k ] , bash[j ] ) ; # updated
}
}
}
float frubbish = 0.0 ;
for ( int index_foo = 0 ; index_foo < foo.length ; ++index_foo ) {
for ( int index_bar = 0 ; index_bar < bar.length ; ++index_bar ) {
for ( int index_bash = 0 ; index_bash < bash.length ; ++index_bash ) {
frubbish += some_function ( foo[ index_foo ] , bar[ index_bar ] , bash [ index_bash ] ) ;
}
}
}
float frubbish = 0.0 ;
for ( IndexFoo index_foo = new IndexFoo(0 ) ; index_foo < foo.length ; ++index_foo ) {
for ( IndexBar index_bar = new IndexBar ( 0 ) ; index_bar < bar.length ; ++index_bar ) {
for ( IndexBash index_bash = new IndexBash ( 0 ) ; index_bash < bash.length ; ++index_bash ) {
frubbish += some_function ( foo[ index_foo ] , bar[ index_bar ] , bash [ index_bash ] ) ;
}
}
}
People tend to view code bases much the way construction workers view dirt : they want great big machines that can move the dirt this way and that .
There ’s conservation of dirt at work : you ca n’t compress dirt , not much , so their solution set consists of various ways of shoveling the dirt around …
float frubbish = 0.0 ;
for ( float each_foo : foo ) {
for ( float each_bar : bar ) {
for ( float each_bash : bash ) {
frubbish += some_function ( each_foo , each_bar , each_bash ) ;
}
}
}
In Beautiful Code , great programmers reveal how they found unusual , carefully designed , and beautiful solutions to high - profile projects like regular expression engines , distributed computation , software transactional memory , hygienic macro processing , and twenty - one others .
The authors of Beautiful Code share their thinking and problem solving process with us .
And that ’s why this book transcends so many other books about programming : thinking and problem solving approaches are universal .
This is n’t a book about programs , it ’s a book about programming , and with every chapter you read you will become a better programmer .
configuring everything in your application with XML
A reader mentioned that “ It ’s not about lines of code . ”
And he was right : Brevity alone is an unreliable way to judge a program .
The problem is — quite simply — the existence of Golf .
In any Turing Equivalent language , it is possible to construct programs that are very small and very difficult to understand .
Brevity is not our goal , but it is a side - effect of what happens when we write software well .
These are my thoughts about the relationship between program size and readability .
It ’s my take on how you can look at one short program and dismiss it as Golf , and look at another and praise it as being succinct and expressive .
So what really matters ?
What is it about well - written software that makes it succinct and elegant ?
Let ’s look at an absurdly trivial snippet of code and talk about five different ways we could express its intent :
Hmm .
Thirty - five symbols .
What about this : Twenty - eight symbols .
Hey , we can also do this :
The same twenty - eight symbols .
That leads us to : Twenty - five symbols .
Which reminds me : Twenty - six symbols , but fewer arrays .
Comparing them , is the last one less readable than the first ?
Less “ intuitive ” ?
Let ’s get that word out of the way immediately .
“ Intuitive ” is not some wonderful principle that guides us to creating great software .
It means no more and no less than “ familiar . ”
There ’s value in doing the same things the same ways , but only when it ’s the right thing to do in the first place .
Learn your tools .
So which of these trivial examples is better ?
And what does that tell us about program size ?
Let ’s look at the examples and what they tell us .
The first example tells us that there is no relationship between the various expressions , none .
The second , where we have ‘ abstracted out ’ themethod , tells us that it is no coïncidence that the five expressions used the same formula : they are the same thing .
If that calculation was a piece of business logic , we might want to ensure that if you change one , the others all change as well .
In the second example , they are on separate lines , suggesting that although the calculation is shared , the individual assignments are still decoupled from one another .
It suggests to me that you might want to remove one , or move it elsewhere .
In the third example , we have moved them all onto the same line .
In some languages , we might have moved all of the assignments into their own block .
By grouping them , we have indicated very strongly that the five assignments belong together .
In an imperative language like Ruby , this signals that there is something ‘ atomic ’ about this , and that you do n’t want anything else to happen until all five assignments have been mode .
The fourth and fifth examples are special .
The fourth example says that the inputs to these calculations is already arranged in a particular structure .
The fifth example says that they are arranged in a different structure , but we will use a particular unfold — zip — to get them into the form we want to do the calculating .
This is exactly where expressive languages shine , and simultaneously it is exactly where you can go badly wrong in a quest to achieve size for size ’s sake .
This is a trivial example , but please extrapolate the principle upwards to lambdas , methods , objects , hierarchies , modules , frameworks , and applications .
The fourth and fifth examples are shorter than the first and second , but they are much worse if what they imply — a relationship between the inputs to the calculations — is contrived solely to shorten the code .
On the other hand , if that relationship actually does exist , then they are far , far superior to the other examples .
If there is a relationship there , the most important thing , the clearest thing , is to express the relationship , to make the code we write clearly communicate the semantics of the data it manipulates .
Let ’s look at example two again :
Many people feel that regardless of the expressive power of their language , if it supports procedure calls , they ’re good to go : they can abstract things into procedures , and bundle procedures into libraries , and with good design and decoupling and muttering yaddda yadda yadda while waving their hands just right , the result will be manageable , readable , abstracted code .
Ok , I ’m pulling their legs .
It is n’t wrong , it ’s absolutely correct that you can get an enormous win out of abstracting procedures , just like example two .
But although that is good , having other ways to organize code is better .
Example two adds some overhead : you have to readand control - click the label to jump to the implementation ( alert to IDE lovers : I do this kind of thing in Ruby as well , please do n’t assume that the rest of us are scrabbling with Notepad.exe ) .
This abstraction adds overhead .
“ Abstracting ” the common operation has made it more difficult to read , not less difficult to read .
People for who consider meta- programming some sort of Black Magic often make this exact point :
The mechanism for removing duplication adds complexity itself .
One view is that the overall effect is only a win if the complexity added is small compared to the duplication removed .
Another view , the one I am promoting here , is that it is n’t about removing symbols , it ’s about communicating something about the underlying relationships .
Even if your language is so crufty that example two is longer than example one , it ’s the right thing to do if the calculations are the same for a deep reason , if you are trying to communicate that they will always be the same .
That being said , my experience is that when a relationship exists , the code that clearly expresses it usually winds up being shorter than code that does not express it .
I said usually .
And here is the pitch for more expressive languages .
Languages make expressing certain things easier than others .
Each language has its strengths and weaknesses in these areas .
Have you noticed how many blog posts have been written explaining Monads
The problem with languages is that if you are diligent , you will carefully organize your code to express all of the relationships that your language supports .
So in Pascal , you factor out all of the common functions and procedures .
And when you are done , you have maximally “ compressed ” your code .
Not in the sense of creating an unreadable mess , but you have made your code as small and as elegant as you think is possible and prudent .
But there are two problems .
Pick one : Either way , Pascal places limits on how well you can express the underlying relationships between things in your programs .
The difference between the two situations is the difference between blissfully moving dirt because “ that ’s what we do , we move dirt , ” and swearing under your breath all day as you fight a losing battle against dirt taking over your construction site .
Let ’s look at an oft - quoted example from a fictional language .
We ’ll call the language Blub This is so wrong in so many ways , but let ’s start with the obvious bug .
If are a Junior Blub Programmer , you believe that this algorithm expresses the underlying relationship properly , so you just fix the bug .
If you are a Senior Blub Programmer , you do n’t just fix the bug , but you add meaningful variable names so that wrong code looks wrong
Ah , but if you are a Blub Architect , you realize that asking programmers to use meaningful variable names to keep out of trouble wo n’t work .
Why , if that ’s all it took , we could use dynamically typed languages like Javascript !
No , we must put the compiler to work so that it is impossible to make this mistake .
In fact , that ’s exactly how Ada works :
There is a special type for “ the index of a foo , ” and it is different from the type for “ the index of a bar , ” so the buggy code would n’t even have compiled .
You can do this with C++ as well , and let ’s pretend you can do it with Blub : The Junior , the Senior , and the Architect are all thinking within the limitations of Blub .
They still want to write the same program , they do n’t see that the index variable , the test for the end of the loop , the nesting of loops , and incrementing an index have nothing to do with the basic relationship you are trying to express .
Instead of asking themselves why they have index variables , ( or better still , why they have nested loops ) , the Blub programmers are asking themselves how to minimize the problems index variables create .
Index variables are dirt , and being a better Blub programmer is an exercise in learning more sophisticated ways to handle dirt .
The Java Programmer has been liberated from this kind of thinking .
She writes :
She is not concerned with ways to prevent mistakes with index variables , because Java gives her a tool to make them go away .
While the Blub programmers are arguing about how to manage dirt , she is writing code that expresses the relationship she wishes to communicate .
Her code is shorter , yes .
And much better .
And the reason it is much better , the desirable property of her code , is that it communicates the actual thing going on and does not communicate a bunch of other things that are irrelevant .
Those extra moving parts , the yellow code , the accidental complexity makes the code harder to read .
It adds opportunities for errors .
It makes it harder to maintain .
And all because it contains dirt , it contains things that do not express some fundamental relationship in the data .
Shorter code is more readable when it is shorter by dint of expressing the underlying relationship , without irrelevant details .
Alas , while everyone agrees with this statement , the tyranny of programming in Blub is that the Blub programmer does not know that his code contain irrelevant details : he thinks his code does express all of the necessary ideas in his algorithm , he considers shorter code “ cryptic .
” Now we can see that although each language provides abstraction mechanisms , and lets you build new abstractions with the mechanism , new kinds of abstractions give us new ways to express relationships .
These things can be abused , of course , but nothing can save you from this :
If you do n’t let your Architect play with Domain - Specific Languages , what is to stop them from
The goal is readable code that expresses the underlying relationships .
When we are programming in our personal Blub , the only relationships we see are the ones our language affords .
Thus , we are always tempted to think that are programs already are as readable as the underlying problem domain allows , and that efforts to make them shorter are circus tricks that make the code less readable .
And the only way to break out of Blub is to cross-train , to really learn new languages .
Otherwise , how will you know if your code could be shorter in a good way ?
Shorter code is better if it expresses underlying relationships , if it is shorter because it does not contain irrelevant cruft , if it does not contain workarounds and hacks to deal with limitations in the programming language .
Of course , shorter code is not always better .
If it is “ shorter by coïncidence , ” by exploiting language tricks that do not reflect underlying relationships in your programs , that is bad .
Golf is a good program spoiled .
Are you a member of Facebook.com ?
You may have a lifetime contract .
Some users have discovered that it is nearly impossible to remove themselves entirely from Facebook , setting off a fresh round of concern over the popular social network ’s use of personal data .
While the Web site offers users the option to deactivate their accounts , Facebook servers keep copies of the information in those accounts indefinitely .
Indeed , many users who have contacted Facebook to request that their accounts be deleted have not succeeded in erasing their records from the network .
“ It ’s like the Hotel California , ” said Nipon Das , 34 , a director at a biotechnology consulting firm in Manhattan , who tried unsuccessfully to delete his account this fall .
“ You can check out any time you like , but you can never leave . ”
It took Mr. Das about two months and several e-mail exchanges with Facebook ’s customer service representatives to erase most of his information from the site , which finally occurred after he sent an e-mail threatening legal action .
But even after that , a reporter was able to find Mr. Das ’s empty profile on Facebook and successfully sent him an e-mail message through the network .
New Mexico Governor Bill Richardson came off the sidelines to endorse Senator Barack Obama yesterday and joined Keith Olbermann on Countdown to explain the endorsement and why he chose this time to make it .
Richardson took exception to Clinton strategist Mark Penn 's assertion that his endorsement was too late and was n't significant , saying it 's typical of many of the people in Clinton 's campaign .
Download Download ( h/t BillW )
Richardson says the speech Obama gave in response to the Rev. Wright smear campaign showed his real leadership abilities and sealed the deal for his endorsement .
Richardson called for the negative tone and dirty politics to come to an end and for the party to come together to put forward a positive message .
He says he still has enormous respect for both Bill and Hillary Clinton , but in the end , it was the negativity that started to take place after the Texas primary that moved him to move toward Obama .
Well I waited because I was just legitimately very torn .
You mentioned my ties to the Clintons , my loyalties to President Clinton , my support and respect for Senator Clinton .
But , I just realized that if I was going to make a difference , at a time we need party unity , at a time when the campaign was really getting nasty and personal , at a time when Senator Obama responded , I believe , in such a courageous way to a problem in his campaign -- those remarks
by his own pastor -- I felt that I needed to step in and say that I am backing Senator Obama because I think this man has got something very good about him , something very special .
Full transcript below the fold
KEITH OLBERMANN , HOST : Governor Bill Richardson of New Mexico , kind enough to join us now from Santa Fe. Good evening , Governor .
GOV .
BILL RICHARDSON ( D ) , FORMER PRESIDENTIAL CANDIDATE : Good evening , Keith .
OLBERMANN : Thank you for your time tonight .
Why now ?
Why did you wait ?
RICHARDSON : Well I waited because I was just legitimately very torn .
You mentioned my ties to the Clintons , my loyalties to President Clinton , my support and respect for Senator Clinton .
But , I just realized that if I was going to make a difference , at a time we need party unity , at a time when the campaign was really getting nasty and personal , at a time when Senator Obama responded , I believe , in such a courageous way to a problem in his campaign -- those remarks by his own pastor -- I felt that I needed to step in and say that I am
backing Senator Obama because I think this man has got something very good about him , something very special .
I can't put my precise point on it , except to say that , you know , Keith , I was in that auditorium in Portland .
I looked at the faces of all those people and all I saw was hope and enthusiasm , but mainly , hope .
And I think that just reinforced by decision .
OLBERMANN : Governor , Mark Penn of the Clinton campaign responded today by disparaging the impact , or any impact your endorsement will have .
Let me quote him and then get your reaction .
" The time that he could have been effective has long since passed .
I do n't think it is a significant endorsement in this environment . "
How do you react to that statement from Mr. Penn ?
RICHARDSON : Well I regret it .
It 's typical of many of the people in that campaign .
What he basically was saying -- the stereotype was that I could have endorsed before Texas , because I 'm Hispanic , and that 's when I would have made a difference .
Now that Texas is over , my endorsement does n't make a difference .
That 's his view .
That 's the -- maybe the campaign view .
I still have enormous respect for Senator Clinton .
I think she 's fought a great race , President Clinton , too .
But I think you have to get in the arena .
And I felt that the time has come for us to stop this bickering , like Mark Penn making statements like that , and basically come together as a party and talk positive about this country at the issues instead of the all of this sniping that seems to take place almost everyday .
OLBERMANN : All right .
Let me ask you one last process question , then we 'll skip more to subjective -- substantive stuff .
At any point , were you close to announcing an endorsement of Senator Clinton ?
RICHARDSON : Yes , I was .
I almost did .
The president came to see me in Santa Fe ; we watched the Super Bowl together .
I was about to do it .
He 's very persuasive .
And I have enormously strong ties to them , they were good to me , I was good to them .
But then I waited and I said , I 'm going to just -- there 's something that says to me , I must wait .
And then Texas happened and then the negativity took place .
And then Obama gave his speech -- although I had kind of decided , almost a week ago , to make the endorsement .
And now , I feel that it was the right time .
You 've got to step up in the arena .
I think it helped Senator Obama , even though I personally have n't felt that these endorsements of one politician to another help much .
But
he 's kind of had a bad week .
And this has certainly boosted his staff -- I saw it , his supporters .
So maybe my endorsement has a little bit of significance .
But obviously , Mark Penn does n't think so .
But we 'll see .
OLBERMANN : One thing that strikes me , from your statement today in Portland with Senator Obama , -- you 've mentioned in several times here , you 've almost taken on the roll of referee here in asking the Democratic campaigns to keep it clean , you said that today in the speech .
You 've talked about the infighting now .
No more fighting until the general
election match up against the Republicans .
I 've expressed my sadness here previously that that has not been the
case in this campaign .
Obviously you 've expressed your sadness about it today .
You have also selected who you think should be the Democratic nominee .
The way this has gone , to end to fighting , do you think Senator Clinton should concede now or in the immediate future ?
RICHARDSON : Well , I 'm not in any position to tell her what to do abouther campaign .
But I have seen your eloquence on this issue .
I share the view that since Texas , since the last big " D " day , which was Ohio and Texas , the campaign has gotten very nasty .
Almost daily , personal attacks , integrity attacks , the 3:00 a.m. phone call , on both sides .
And we do n't need that .
We 've got John McCain running around the world , boosting his foreign policy credentials , raising funds , building support ; and we 're bickering .
And we 're a Democratic Party that has been on the resurgence .
And the American people are on our side on the issues .
But when it appears that we 're downgrading each other , attacking each other , not talking positive , cat fighting , nastiness , then I think the time has come for individuals , like myself , that have been in the arena , that maybe have run for president , to say , all right , the time has come to stop this .
The time has come to come together as a party .
The time has come to get a nominee before the convention .
The time has come -- also I just think these superdelegates should not be the arbiters and the deciders of this race -- 800 of them .
A lot of them are good people , but they 're fat cats ; they 're governors , like me ; they 're senators ; they 're congressman .
Why should we decide ?
Let the voters in proportion to the vote in various states make that decision .
OLBERMANN : Governor Bill Richardson of New Mexico .
Great -- thanks for your time tonight .
Congratulations on wrestling the beast of this decision to the ground finally .
And all the best to you , sir .
RICHARDSON : Thank you .
The following is the text of a speech given at Virginia Tech on February 12 , 2008 .
I want to thank the Libertarians at Virginia Tech , the Political Science Club and the Institute for Humane Studies for the kind invitation to speak to you tonight .
I want to talk about the " Causes and Consequences of our Foreign Policy in the Middle East and What it Means for Americans . "
The original title of this speech was " Causes and Consequences of our Foreign Policy in the Middle East and What it Means for Libertarians . "
But I interchanged Americans for Libertarians .
To paraphrase John F. Kennedy in Berlin , 1963 , in times like these , when the American dream seems overwhelmed by what has become known as the American empire , perhaps we are all libertarians .
Let me start first with the consequences of our foreign policy in the Middle East , circa 2008 .
We are nearly five years past the moment where George W. Bush declared " Mission Accomplished . "
400,000 to 1.2 million Iraqis are dead by our decisions and actions .
Over two million are internally displaced , and over two million Iraqis have fled the country .
5,000 Americans are dead ( soldiers and contractors ) as a result , 30 — 50,000 physically injured , and over 100,000 mentally disturbed , receiving or awaiting treatment .
Army and Marines are morally and physically bankrupt — and burdened by executive pressure for more forces in Afghanistan , Pakistan and trouble in Iran .
A trillion dollars has been spent , another trillion to be spent before we are finished — and if McCain has his way , we will never be finished , and we will bleed ourselves for the duration of the 21st century .
Beyond Iraq , we have Secretary of Defense Bob Gates alternately screaming in an empty room and crying in despair because NATO wo n’t pick up the slack of propping up our preferred government in Kabul .
The one republic with nuclear weapons and a means to deploy them is led by an unstable dictator , threatened by his own subordinates , at odds with his very powerful and well - funded intelligence arm , and disliked by the majority of his citizens .
And in case you were wondering , I am talking about Perez Musharraf .
Jordan , once reliable and trustworthy , is feeling the heat of over two million unemployed and impoverished Iraqis swelling their refugee camps .
Syria — who helped us with torture and renditions after 9 - 11 — has been both accused and attacked by her neighbor , our other nuclear - armed friend in the region .
Lebanon suffered a silly war in the summer of 2006 — a war that was considered an embarrassing defeat for Israel , and a war that Washington , D.C. collaborated on and quietly cheered .
Our steadfast friends , the House of Saud , do n’t understand us anymore .
We publicly threaten Iran for all kinds of reasons , even though Tehran is signatory to and compliant with the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , and even as we happily work with all kinds of Iranian - backed interests in southern Iraq .
Four key undersea communication cables get cut in a week , isolating and seriously degrading much of the banking and communication traffic for our friends in the region , including in Dubai , which just bailed out some of our banks and credit card companies .
Instead of decrying bad cable construction , and offering to send our own teams to help repair these cables in the Red Sea and the Persian Gulf , our government has said nothing .
The entire region thinks we did it , either to send a message , test a military strategy , or to funnel information into a channel our vast intelligence bureaucracy can monitor .
The price of oil , adjusted for inflation , is not yet at the level of the 1979 oil crisis .
But it is within 10 % of that .
Given the drastic increase in global demand for oil today , relative to that in 1979 , our foreign policy in the Middle East might be said to be harmful , but not disastrous .
But you must consider two things — the amount of oil the United States imports from the Middle East is around 10 — 15 % of all the oil we import — but interfering with the free market in this region costs the American taxpayer billions and billions every year in maintaining a large overseas military presence , military and economic aid to major and minor allies in the region , the costs of periodic off - the - book interventions , like Iraq , and the costs involved with protecting your countrymen from people who hate you enough to want to kill you and topple your tall buildings .
Such is the state of the Middle East , and such indeed are the consequences of our foreign policy .
It would be easy to blame the current situation in the Middle East on George W. Bush , or easier yet , Dick Cheney .
But to do that would be to ignore our foreign policy over the past 80 years in that region .
It would also be easy to suggest that the situation in the Middle East is not the result of our intentions , but rather our poor judgment , our misunderstanding of Arab or Persian culture , our lack of sophistication , or even our own democratic system here at home where we shift diplomatic course with each shifting president , and elect Congresses that reflect the changing priorities of the American people , year by year .
It would be easy to say that most of these policies were pursued under the auspices of the Cold War , where we were forced to take sides around the world in order to stop a communist world revolution , to avoid world socialism .
It would be easy to say all of this .
But none of that would be true .
In fact , George W. Bush and Dick Cheney came of age and were inspired by a foreign policy of force for both prestige and perceived profit .
To be strong as a nation , for Dick Cheney as for Kermit Roosevelt , Jr. required aggression , manipulation of other governments , and subterfuge .
How many of us here in the United States study the CIA coup in 1953 ( or countercoup , as Kermit called it ) that reinstated the Shah in Iran , and voided democracy in that country until populism and anti-Americanism boiled over in 1979 ?
Operation Ajax , we called it .
Our foreign policy may seem disorganized , but in the Middle East it has been deliberate and in many ways , well thought out .
It has not shifted dramatically from president to president .
Jimmy Carter is often seen as a very different political person than a Dick Cheney , a George Bush , or even a Ronald Reagan or Bill Clinton .
Yet events in the late 1970s under Carter ’s executive watch were both a maturation of the actions of previous Republican and Democratic presidents , and set the foundations for our present - day policies .
Do we remember the Carter Doctrine , and the establishment of Central Command ?
This history was made in my lifetime , and for many of you , only a few years before you were born .
Carter set a direction , followed by Reagan and Bush .
Clinton left his mark with a pseudo - war that gave us brand new bases in Bosnia and Kosovo — not outposts of southern Europe , but rather forward bases for the Middle East and Caspian Sea theaters .
What seems to be lack of sophistication is nothing more than might making right .
When one is a great country in the world , who needs manners ?
We have followed in the Middle East , before , during and after the Cold War , a policy of remarkable consistency .
To admit that we have behaved much like the colonial powers we once admired , and have perhaps subconsciously stepped into a role the British Empire had long recognized was impossible and unsuitable in the late 20th century , is hard to do .
Can we gracefully untangle ourselves from what has been a quite purposeful foreign policy , over many decades ?
Well , just as in the 12 - step programs , admitting we have a problem is the first step .
I want to now address the very needed fourth step in a typical 12 - step process — to make a searching and fearless moral inventory of ourselves .
I ’ve mentioned Iraq as only one of our challenges in the region , only one example of our disastrous foreign policy .
But this foreign policy is continuous , near uninterrupted in the Middle East , throughout much of the 20th century and into the entire 21st so far .
I think a quick analysis of what led Americans into Iraq may serve as a model for understanding how we have pursued such similar policies in the region over many decades , and it will explain something about ourselves , as well as our government .
It will help us make that searching and fearless moral inventory of ourselves .
How did we get into Iraq , just this latest time in 2003 ?
I think we can safely talk about five key factors , five integral preconditions for this foreign policy disaster .
It took 935 lies repeated ad nauseum by the government , both political parties and mainstream media .
I encourage you to read the Center for Public Integrity ’s latest study entitled Iraq : The War Card , just out .
It also took millions of Americans eager to believe those 935 lies .
It took an obscene war enthusiasm among the elites in Washington .
By obscene , I mean " disgusting and morally offensive , especially showing total disregard for other people . "
It took a long - term plan by the Pentagon and Congress to reposition and expand the overseas military presence and budgets to Central Command and European Command ( contrary to all logic and expectations after the Cold War ended ) .
It took an unusually persistent warfare state mentality among the common people .
This persistent warfare mentality is relatively new in American history — perhaps coinciding with the preeminence of the public education system at the primary levels .
It took a lot of money being made by government - connected industries as a result of , and printed on behalf of , state expansion and war .
Incidentally , this includes money made in the energy markets via government induced limitations of oil supply as part and parcel of a battle for influence over oil and gas supplies .
In the 1970s , OPEC could nearly close off the global spigot .
Today , OPEC controls only 40 % of oil production .
Perhaps the actions of our current military cartel in the Middle East have more in common with the once powerful OPEC cartel than meets the eye .
What kind of foreign policy is this , and what has caused it ?
Well , let ’s review these five preconditions as if we were conducting a searching and fearless moral inventory .
Sin number 1 .
We suffer an overabundance of state propaganda that takes the form of outright lies , oft repeated .
I ’d like to quote Aldous Huxley , from his Propaganda in a Democratic Society :
In their propaganda today ’s dictators rely for the most part on repetition , suppression and rationalization — the repetition of catchwords which they wish to be accepted as true , the suppression of facts which they wish to be ignored , the arousal and rationalization of passions which may be used in the interests of the Party or the State .
One need only to remember George W. Bush ’s famous line , in Rochester , New York on May 24 , 2005 , and I quote : " See in my line of work , you got to keep repeating things over and over and over again for the truth to sink in , to kind of catapult the propaganda . "
If I could match this particular problem with one of the seven deadly sins , this one is sloth — a simple lack of willingness to find the truth , and bear it up , by government , by media , and by the people .
Sin number 2 is obscene war enthusiasm among the elites and politicians .
Where else do we find similar enthusiasm for war and expansion of influence ?
We find it in imperial models from the ancient past , and in fascist models from the more recent past .
We find war enthusiasm occasionally in religious extremism , for example the Crusades or in modern Islamic or Christian fundamentalism .
We find it among the insane , and the unaccountable .
Its cure is a recovery of sanity , and active pursuit of humility .
If Sin # 2 is lust , then Sin number 3 could be considered pride .
We seem to have a state passion for expanding military might around the world , and a popular misconception by many Americans that military might must be constantly expanded or else it means we are losing something .
This militaristic lust , often couched in words like spreading Christianity to native Americans , spreading Protestantism to the already Catholic Filpinos , spreading democracy and freedom to countless others everywhere , describes our own American history of the past 120 years — we might say it is modern American tradition .
We also saw this same zeal for militarily enforcing global values in the expansionist policies of the old Soviet Union .
It is by its very nature , anti-republican , anti-democratic , and anti-liberty .
Sin number 4 could be considered wrath .
We seem to have in the country a warfare state mentality among the citizenry — characterized by extreme and unreflective patriotism , xenophobia , national chauvinism , intolerance and conformity all cloaked as Americanism .
This warfare state mentality has an unstated cohort — and that is the fostering of a widespread fear of dissent .
The idea that dissent is patriotic — seen perhaps on a bumper sticker — is really not to be believed by most people in modern day America .
To have a former president publicly state — as Theodore Roosevelt did in 1918 , and I quote :
To announce that there must be no criticism of the president , or that we are to stand by the president , right or wrong , is not only unpatriotic and servile , but is morally treasonable to the American public
is today unthinkable , unpopular , and if it does happen , ignored .
That ’s in part because we are often angry , and we believe that the " executive we " are never wrong .
Finally , there is a great deal of money made in the pursuit of war and statism , at least for some sectors of society .
When we examine our historical approach to the Middle East , it is clear that gaining and forming subordinate trading partners , rather than free trade and competition , was Washington D.C. ’s objective .
The extensive intransigence and massivity of the military industrial complex in this country , the last remaining American manufacturing powerhouse , has been discussed elsewhere .
But I want to say this .
The idea of a corporate state , of all employment linked to the state , all prosperity linked to government policies , programs , and guidance — this is fascism , as Mussolini defined it : " Everything for the State .
Nothing against the State .
Nothing outside the State . "
You might call this sin greed , but it is specifically the greed of the state and a small segment of white - collar welfare recipients .
What does this mean for Americans ?
I certainly do n’t have the solutions .
I think there are a couple of simple things that everyone can do , and I offer them here for your consideration .
If we are lied to by the state , and state - sanctioned media , why not simply start to recognize it ?
It always amazed me a few years ago , when I realized from listening to my teenaged children , that those so - called reality shows on TV were really staged and manipulated .
I thought this new concept was simple reality — but my children understood what it really was .
Turns out every kid I know gets this , almost intuitively .
To counter lies , whether government or our own personal lives , requires nothing more than practiced skepticism .
Not just skepticism , but daily , incessant , constant skepticism of everything we hear from Washington DC , its enablers , its cohorts , its well - connected media , and the political party organizations that depend on the continuation of the status quo .
It always amazed me a few years ago , when I realized from listening to my teenaged children , that those so - called reality shows on TV were really staged and manipulated .
I thought this new concept was simple reality — but my children understood what it really was .
Turns out every kid I know gets this , almost intuitively .
To counter lies , whether government or our own personal lives , requires nothing more than practiced skepticism .
Not just skepticism , but daily , incessant , constant skepticism of everything we hear from Washington DC , its enablers , its cohorts , its well - connected media , and the political party organizations that depend on the continuation of the status quo .
If the elites are enthusiastic about war , cut them off at the knees — and the pocketbook .
War enthusiasm by anyone indicates a serious psychological problem .
When we see this in among the elites and politicians — most of whom do not understand or even recognize war , and would be frightened if actually exposed to it — it means we should take action immediately .
But the real reason for the war enthusiasm is that they see war as a means to an end — more political power , less scrutiny over their crimes and misdemeanors , more money , and hence more political power and aggrandizement .
We simply need to remove the aggrandizing power ( i.e. money ) from government service and from the vast nest of vipers in Washington and elsewhere that advise and consult government .
War enthusiasm by anyone indicates a serious psychological problem .
When we see this in among the elites and politicians — most of whom do not understand or even recognize war , and would be frightened if actually exposed to it — it means we should take action immediately .
But the real reason for the war enthusiasm is that they see war as a means to an end — more political power , less scrutiny over their crimes and misdemeanors , more money , and hence more political power and aggrandizement .
We simply need to remove the aggrandizing power ( i.e. money ) from government service and from the vast nest of vipers in Washington and elsewhere that advise and consult government .
If our foreign policy is really all about empire , and we know that empires trump republics , then we need to get over ourselves .
As Chalmers Johnson — in his important trilogy of timely books ( Blowback in 2000 , The Sorrows of Empire in 2004 , and Nemesis : The Last Days of the American Republic in 2007 ) — has observed , as have many others , the empire is already ending .
Whether the American empire is understood as economic , financial , military or ideological and political — it is already — as we speak and live — in serious decline .
We actually need do little to expedite this decline — it is ongoing .
Further , our imperial period really began after the Civil War , in the late 1800s , and our entire national history since then has been one of growth and now , decline , of empire .
We once exported ideas of Protestant Christianity , now we export vague remonstrations of democracy — but it was always about domination of trade and influence , as Marine Lt General Smedley Butler finally realized and complained about in his famous pamphlet entitled " War is a Racket . "
To deal with the pain of a declining empire , we simply need to look on the bright side ( and help others to do this as well ) .
We are returning to constitutionalism whether we like it or not .
I only hope we do n’t return the long way through a series of mad dictators and fascist nightmares — the way to avoid this future is to immediately abandon our empire with honor and for the right reasons .
.
As Chalmers Johnson — in his important trilogy of timely books ( Blowback in 2000 , The Sorrows of Empire in 2004 , and Nemesis : The Last Days of the American Republic in 2007 ) — has observed , as have many others , the empire is already ending .
Whether the American empire is understood as economic , financial , military or ideological and political — it is already — as we speak and live — in serious decline .
We actually need do little to expedite this decline — it is ongoing .
Further , our imperial period really began after the Civil War , in the late 1800s , and our entire national history since then has been one of growth and now , decline , of empire .
We once exported ideas of Protestant Christianity , now we export vague remonstrations of democracy — but it was always about domination of trade and influence , as Marine Lt General Smedley Butler finally realized and complained about in his famous pamphlet entitled " War is a Racket . "
To deal with the pain of a declining empire , we simply need to look on the bright side ( and help others to do this as well ) .
We are returning to constitutionalism whether we like it or not .
I only hope we do n’t return the long way through a series of mad dictators and fascist nightmares — the way to avoid this future is to immediately abandon our empire with honor and for the right reasons .
If we as a people are in love with the trappings of the warfare state , this is both unhealthy , and un-American , and we need to end the relationship .
False patriotism should be called out wherever it is to be found — education about the integral relationship between the warfare state and the welfare state ought to go far to convince modern conservatives that they cannot support war without also supporting state socialism by design , and state corporatism by necessity .
Of course , this is the crisis we see in the GOP today , and to a lesser extent the Democratic Party .
The Republican Party today , and all of the GOP - blessed candidates love war , and war businesses , and state corporatism , but claim to hate the welfare state .
They are hypocrites .
The democratic candidates claim to hate war , but love the welfare state , and find they cannot get the welfare state they crave without the militarism in society and the world they claim to hate .
Real freedom frightens both main parties , and it frightens them badly .
The remedy for this love of the warfare state at home , false patriotism , and the inevitability of socialism in such an environment is education .
We must cultivate ourselves and our friends and those we can influence towards promoting individuality , entrepreneurialism , self - education , curiosity and brave persistent pursuit of knowledge
This is where the youthfulness ( in mind ) is so powerful , and so necessary — and we should not only encourage young people to revel in their youthful optimism and passion ; we should encourage every American to think like a young person .
False patriotism should be called out wherever it is to be found — education about the integral relationship between the warfare state and the welfare state ought to go far to convince modern conservatives that they cannot support war without also supporting state socialism by design , and state corporatism by necessity .
Of course , this is the crisis we see in the GOP today , and to a lesser extent the Democratic Party .
The Republican Party today , and all of the GOP - blessed candidates love war , and war businesses , and state corporatism , but claim to hate the welfare state .
They are hypocrites .
The democratic candidates claim to hate war , but love the welfare state , and find they cannot get the welfare state they crave without the militarism in society and the world they claim to hate .
Real freedom frightens both main parties , and it frightens them badly .
The remedy for this love of the warfare state at home , false patriotism , and the inevitability of socialism in such an environment is education .
We must cultivate ourselves and our friends and those we can influence towards promoting individuality , entrepreneurialism , self - education , curiosity and brave persistent pursuit of knowledge
This is where the youthfulness ( in mind ) is so powerful , and so necessary — and we should not only encourage young people to revel in their youthful optimism and passion ; we should encourage every American to think like a young person .
Lastly , we must deal with , and end , the profitability of the warfare - welfare state .
This one is actually not too difficult .
Do n’t work for the government if you can avoid it — be entrepreneurial , be useful , be valuable to your self , your neighbors , your community .
Understand the free marketplace of goods and ideas , and be a producer , not just a consumer .
Never support the state and always support your community .
Live like the Stoics — known as the very best citizens of Athens , although they rarely voted — because voting was coercion of the few by the many — stoic because they lived their lives understanding that we could improve best that part of the world we understood best and never from afar .
A libertarian foreign policy is often misconstrued as isolationist , or self - centered , or both .
I think however that libertarian ideas inform what could be called a stoic foreign policy , as well as a constitutional one — and Americans would do well to live stoic lives themselves .
I think if you study American history , our best years were not when we were instructing the world on how they should behave , but when we were working hard on improving our own backyards .
Change for this country is not coming , or promised , or something we can hope for .
It ’s already here , for those who can see it — and for libertarians , those masters of decentralization and creativity , it is an exciting time to be an American .
Perhaps , I can put that another way .
For Americans , it is an exciting time to reconsider the sustaining ideas of liberty , in particular , freedom from political tirades , burdensome taxes , and tyranny from a distant capitol .
And more and more of us are doing that every day .
George Bush once said in a state of the union address that Americans were addicted to oil .
Bush was probably apologizing for another more serious problem that is part and parcel to our foreign policy in the Middle East .
Our government is addicted to easy power , to fantasies of empire , and it fears real freedom , at home or abroad .
I ’d like to close with a bit of ancient history that may give us some clues to healing our modern American foreign policy addictions .
I mentioned Operation Ajax earlier , and perhaps the CIA sensed a bittersweet irony in naming its 1953 coup in Iran after the great Greek , son of Telamon and fellow hero with Odysseus .
At one point , after many apparent military successes , Ajax becomes extremely jealous of Odysseus , who has received a coveted coat of armor that Ajax felt was rightfully his .
Ajax becomes enraged and falls under a spell from Athena , goddess of war .
He goes to a flock of sheep and slaughters them , imagining they are those who have wronged him , including Odysseus and Agamemnon .
When Ajax comes to his senses , covered in blood , and realizes what he has done , he decides that he prefers to kill himself rather than to live in shame .
Our foreign policy in the Middle East has traveled a long consistent trajectory , and it is suicidal , and it will lead us to a national suicide preceded by a total loss of honor and dignity .
Instead of pride , greed and envy driving us to actions against the innocent that we will regret , let us , as George W. Bush once promised to do , pursue a humble foreign policy .
To do that as nation , we must reject false national pride , greed and envy of countries who have resources that we may feel they do n’t deserve and practice religions we may not respect , and be humble ourselves .
It wo n’t be easy .
But as the consequences we have already seen in the Middle East make painfully and expensively clear , the right path for our constitutional republic is actually the one favored by the majority of Americans today .
If we keep it up , perhaps it wo n’t be long before the hacks in Washington start to say , " There they go , we must hurry and catch them , for we are their leaders . "
The Best of Karen Kwiatkowski
Well holy crap .
The other day we reported to you guys that McG was signed on to direct the next Terminator installment tentatively titled “ Terminator Salvation : The Future Begins ” ( bad title ) .
I do n’t think McG is a very good fit for a project like Terminator .
However , there must be some people out there who love the idea because according to the guys at Ain’t It Cool News they ’ve just cast the lead guy .
Yeah , the man who will play the lead character , John Conner ( who was played by Nick Stahl in T:3 and Edward Furlong in T:2 ) is none other than Batman himself …
Christian Bale .
AICN gives us this :
Just got off the phone with an extremely trusted source who has never been wrong before .
he revealed exclusively to AICN that in the upcoming McG reboot , TERMINATOR SALVATION : The Future Begins , that they have cast CHRISTIAN BALE as none other than JOHN CONNER .
you folks know what that means …
THIS IS GOING TO KICK ASS !!!
If this indeed turns out to be true , then it ’s one hell of a pull off .
Nabbing Christian
Bale for this would instantly bring a lot of credibility to the new Terminator movie that quite frankly has been missing .
Still … I disagree with Harry here … remember folks , Christian Bale is n’t WRITING the movie .
A bad line is still a bad line weather Christian Bale or Pee - Wee Herman says it .
Still … this can be seen as nothing but good news for Terminator fans .
The official Star Wars blog says the Japanese manga adaptation of the first three Star Wars movies is light years better than Marvel Comics ' original adaptation .
To hammer home how flawed the American version was , here are some comparisons of how certain scenes appeared in the U.S. and japanese versions .
According to the Star Wars site :
[ I ]t 's truly an unfair comparison to gauge how well Marvel Comics originally adapted the classic trilogy films against how Japanese artists did the same .
The deck is definitely stacked in manga 's favor .
For the Marvel adaptations , produced during each film 's post - production period , the artists had not seen the films — they were working merely from the script , with some key photography and maybe some concept art ...
Japanese manga has a much more flexible format and page count to accommodate a more deliberate and varied pace of storytelling .
Since the Japanese manga versions did not come out until 1997 , the artists benefited from years of studying the flow and dynamics of the movies .
Advertisement
It 's not just the problems of pacing and available space - while Marvel 's 22 - page limit for each issue reduces the destuction of Alderaan to one panel , the manga spends six pages on the same event - but also of editorial restrictions :
Vader cutting off Luke 's hand is shown in all its gory detail in Japan , but American audiences find a piece of machinery suspiciously in the way .
Advertisement
But as much as the manga adaptations improve on their American ancestors , they do lack the wonderfully overwritten exposition of the Marvel books .
A picture may be worth a thousand words , but when those words say things like " Then , the darkness swallows him .
Deep .
Vast .
Unnatural in its totality .
And with the sudden hiss of a lightsaber igniting ...
Luke finds it conceals far more than he ever dared imagine !
would n't you rather have the words themselves ?
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Turning Star Wars Japanese - Manga Scenes Done Better [ Star Wars.com ]
The numbers ceased to mean much to Sarah Chekani about the time inflation in Zimbabwe surged past 50,000 % late last year .
It has doubled again since then , to the alarm of Robert Mugabe heading into this month 's presidential election .
But that hardly matters to Chekani and others like her who survive in an orbit touched only fleetingly by cash or the spiralling exchange rate .
Nor do the other numbers that the central bank governor has called " an economic HIV " - half the population living on 50 p a day , 80 % unemployment and 45 % of Zimbabweans malnourished - mean much when what you are worried about is your own young children .
To Chekani , 31 , the figures now only represent desperation and death ; one death in particular , but also the fear that more might follow .
" I try not to eat too much so there is enough food for my children , but even if I ate nothing there would n't be enough , " she said .
" I did n't think it was possible that people could starve in Zimbabwe or just die because the hospital has nothing .
That 's what we thought happened in Angola and Mozambique . "
Chekani's home in Highfield , a crowded township on the edge of Harare , is bare .
There are no chairs , only cloths on the floor .
No bed , just a mattress for her and the two remaining children , boys of seven and eight .
She has a gas hob but no oven , and the only decoration is a print of a Jesus Christ - a white man with a golden halo .
It was n't always this way .
Chekani and her husband were relatively poor , but his labours as a casual construction worker and her trading in secondhand clothes filled their three - roomed home with the things that marked rising living standards in Zimbabwe after independence : a radio and then a television , a couch , armchairs , a bed .
Then , five years ago , shortly after the birth of her only daughter , Chekani 's husband died .
She says she does n't know why - he just got sicker , and nothing could save him .
By then , his work had dried up as the economy crashed under Mugabe 's maladministration , and they were selling off their belongings to those who still had means .
The television fetched enough money to feed the family for a month .
The bed went for almost nothing .
Chekani even sold off most of her plates and cutlery , keeping only what the family needed for a meal .
With the money , she did what large numbers of Zimbabweans are doing to survive : she bought up basic foods , keeping some for her family and making a small profit from the rest .
There is almost nothing left in the house to sell , but Chekani gets by .
Her latest acquisition is two litres of cooking oil which she sells at a pavement stall , five tablespoons at a time , in return for a handful of near worthless notes .
Other women are selling bars of soap by the slice and flour by the cup .
But cash is n't something you keep for very long with 100,000 % inflation and the Zimbabwe dollar diving from 15 m to the pound a month ago to about 50 m today as the government furiously prints money to fund pay rises for the army and civil servants in advance of the March 29 general election .
Dealing with cash is like a torrid game of pass the parcel .
Everyone wants it but then unloads it as quickly as possible in exchange for something worth having .
Chekani gets rid of the money from selling her oil by buying two eggs .
Sometimes the police and soldiers take the street hawkers ' wares , claiming it is illegal to sell on the pavement .
The women say it is another form of state looting .
Chekani 's trading kept her children alive until last November .
Then her five - year - old daughter fell sick with diarrhoea and fever .
Chekani hesitated to take her to Highfield 's government clinic because charges have risen several times over , but as the child 's condition worsened she carried her there .
The nurse said there was nothing she could do .
There were no antibiotics to treat the child 's condition .
All she could offer was a spoonful of syrup to help bring her temperature down .
" The nurse said she was sure she would be fine .
She said lots of children were coming in with diarrhoea because of the sewers , " said Chekani .
Burst sewer lines are increasingly common in Highfield and other Harare townships as the infrastructure collapses from lack of maintenance .
On occasion , groups of women with babies strapped to their backs have marched to Highfield clinic to demand treatment for their children , sick from the filthy water .
The situation is not helped by months without clean water in the taps in most of Harare .
Even residents of wealthy suburbs are collecting water in buckets and jerry cans from borehole stand pipes .
Swimming pools are now mostly used for water to flush toilets .
Chekani 's child did not get better .
" I took her back to the clinic three times , " she said , " but every time they said that she would get better soon if I give her food and lots of water - that it was just the fever and there was nothing they could do because they had no drugs .
" I thought about taking her to the Harare central hospital , but it costs so much money and people said things are no better there .
I just hoped . "
A week later the child was dead .
The death rate for children under five in Zimbabwe has almost doubled over the past decade .
So has the number of women dying in childbirth because , doctors say , so many more are giving birth at home because they can no longer afford hospital charges .
There is a desperate shortage of vaccines to protect children from measles and other diseases .
Thanks to foreign donations , some of those with HIV get antiretroviral drugs to keep full - blown Aids at bay , but most who need them do not , and the supply is often irregular , which undermines their effectiveness .
The biggest government hospital in Harare , the Parirenyatwa , has ceased operations because of the shortages .
The two hospitals share a single radiologist because so many medical staff have decamped to South Africa or Europe to find work that can feed their families .
That is not an option for Chekani .
" I do n't know what to do if my other children get sick .
Where can we go ?
The hospital tells you to buy the drugs yourself , but where do I get the money ? " she said .
" Some people say this election will change things .
I do n't know .
I do n't have hope .
It will not bring back the dead . "
On September 15th of last year , a meteorite impacted the Earth near the town of Carancas in Peru .
The story made worldwide headlines when hundreds of people who flocked to see the crater reported getting ill .
As it turned out , there were no mysterious space illnesses plaguing the population ; the super - hot meteorite likely vaporized arsenic - containing water that was near the surface of the impact site , and onlookers and investigators breathed in the noxious gas .
The meteorite is again in the spotlight , though not for making people sick .
Researchers estimate from their analysis of the crater that the meteorite was of a rocky composition , and that it impacted the ground at a whopping 15,000 miles ( 24,150 kilometers ) per hour .
That is really fast for a stony meteorite !
It is calculated to have been between .2 and 2 meters at the point of impact , and upwards of 3 meters when it entered the atmosphere .
â€ œNormally with a small object like this , the atmosphere slows it down , and it becomes the equivalent of a bowling ball dropping into the ground .
It would make a hole in the ground , like a pit , but not a crater .
But this meteorite kept on going at a speed about 40 to 50 times faster than it should have been going .
â€ said Peter Schultz , professor of geological sciences at Brown University , who presented the findings of his travels to the impact site at the 39th annual Lunar and Planetary Science Conference in Texas last week .
Schultz collaborated on his research with a team of scientist from Brown University , Peru and Uruguay .
Stony meteorites â€ “ called chondrites â€ “ generally break up in the atmosphere and impact the ground at rather slow speeds .
In fact , most of the objects that enter Earth ’s atmosphere end up never hitting the ground because the gases are so thick that the heat caused by air compression vaporizes them .
Schultz and his team think the Carancas meteorite may have initially broken up and then reformed in such a way as to make it more aerodynamic , allowing it to bullet through the atmosphere instead of being braked by the friction with the gases in our atmosphere .
As opposed to dissipating and burning up like other chondrites , the meteorite landed as one large chunk .
This contradicts the conventional theory that small , rocky asteroids either can’t impact at all , or create only small impact pits .
If the new theory is correct , we may have to rethink the history and influence of meteorite impacts on the Earth , as well as consider what kind of damage they are capable of doing in the future .
Source : Brown University News Release
The robot is far from a consumer item just yet ; it is a laboratory prototype , about to be tested with patients at the ALS Center at the Emory University School of Medicine , said Dr. Jonathan Glass , the center ’s director .
The robot may fill an important need there .
“ I ’ve had patients tell me if they drop their cellphone , they may spend several hours trying to lean down and pick it up , ” Dr. Glass said .
“ And it fills a psychological need , too , not to have to ask for help . ”
Andrew Y . Ng , an assistant professor in computer science at Stanford who is developing robot technology for people to use at home , said Professor Kemp ’s use of the laser pointer was highly effective .
“ It is simple , elegant and clever , ” he said , “ one of those solutions that many of us wish we had thought of ourselves . ”
El - E is n’t a biped  she rolls along on wheels .
When a laser pointer illuminates a spot in the room , she detects the spot with her wide - angle camera , then trains her camera eyes on it to get the position of , say , the cellphone or book , Professor Kemp said .
Then she lumbers off , her built - in laser range finder scanning across the surface for the target .
Once she reaches it , a camera in her hand looks downward to get the measure of the object before she grabs it .
Another point - and - click household robot offers a two - way voice and video system that lets Mom and Dad visit with their children even when the parents are in a faraway hotel .
This robot , ankle high and shaped like a disc , is connected to a home wireless network ; its out - of - town owners can turn on a laptop computer and use the Internet to call the robot sitting in the living room .
Then they can use the laptop ’s mouse and keyboard to send the robot rolling around the room .
On the computer screen , they see what the robot is seeing with its cameras , and they can talk with anyone near the robot ’s sound system .
The robot , called ConnectR and not yet on the market , is being tested by its manufacturer , iRobot , said Colin Angle , chief executive .
It is expected to cost about $ 500 .
ConnectR ’s camera system can show out - of - town parents the printed words in a book their children are holding at home , so they can read them a bedtime story from it .
It “ will allow people to visit virtually regardless of where they are in the world , ” Mr. Angle said .
The Fed is aiming to lift confidence in the world 's largest economy
The Fed , the US central bank , is trying to keep the US economy from slumping into recession and US and European stocks took heart from the move .
Some analysts called the Fed move an act of " obvious panic " after Monday 's global share slide .
US President George W Bush has said that emergency economic measures will be passed soon .
The Fed 's move , which cut interest rates from 4.25 % to 3.5 % , came as a complete surprise , as it was taken a week before its rate - setting Open Market Committee meeting scheduled for 29 and 30 January .
It came after huge declines in shares across Asia and Europe on Monday , with London 's benchmark FTSE 100 suffering its biggest one - day fall since the attacks of 11 September 2001 .
The slump was a sign that the markets were not satisfied with the US president 's proposed economic stimulus agenda worth at least 1 % of gross domestic product , or about $ 145 bn ( £ 74bn ) , announced last week .
This has led to speculation that the size of the package could be increased .
Mr Bush met top Republican and Democrat lawmakers to thrash out details and the timeframe of the plans , which will include tax relief for business and individuals , in an effort to get the desired legislation enacted quickly .
Mr Bush said : " I believe we can find common ground and get something done that 's big enough ... so that an economy that is inherently strong gets a boost . "
US Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid said Congress could agree laws to lift the US economy within three weeks .
Cautious reaction
Cautious optimism greeted the Fed 's action , stemming heavy falls on the European and US stock market indexes .
The UK's FTSE 100 index closed 2.9 % higher at 5,740.1 after falling more than 4 % earlier .
France 's Cac also bounced back but Germany 's Dax closed 0.3 % down .
The markets themselves now threaten to exacerbate the very downturn of which they are so scared
Read Evan Davis 's blog Stocks rebound on rate cut
In the US , shares on the Dow Jones and S&P 500 indexes still trailed , but their declines were not as sharp as when they had first opened .
The Dow Jones index of largest shares finished more than 1 % down at 11,971.2 .
" We 're not out of the woods yet ... we 're still down on the day ... but clearly the Fed rate - cut move was well received by traders , " said Michael James , senior trader at Los Angeles - based investment bank Wedbush Morgan .
" At least it was an attempt by the Fed to get in front of the negativity . "
However , other analysts were less convinced on the Fed 's ability to take control of the current economic situation .
" Unfortunately they have no power to reverse what in my opinion is the worst post - war recession , " said Michael Metz , chief investment strategist at Oppenheimer in New York .
' This is huge '
The last two such emergency cuts were on 17 September 2001 , shortly after the attacks of 11 September , and on 3 January 2001 , in the wake of the dotcom bust .
The last time the Fed cut rates as much as three - quarters of a percentage point was in August 1982 , almost 26 years ago .
" This is huge , " said the BBC 's business editor Robert Peston .
" And it is a big risk .
If this does n't work , then people will say they have nothing left in their locker . "
" The Fed is spooked by the markets , so no wonder the Fed felt it needed to take drastic action , " said the BBC 's economics editor Evan Davis .
" Even if it is n't going to work as well as it did in 2000 [ in response to the dotcom crisis ] , it might at least prevent markets and the economy driving themselves ever deeper in to a quagmire . "
Analyst Jeremy Stretch of Rabobank , described the Fed 's move as " a sign of panic " .
" But it certainly indicates that the Federal Reserve wants to be seen as taking action over the concerns of an economic downturn , " he said .
The global credit crisis is rooted in problems in the US housing market
Yet despite the Fed 's extensive cut in rates , US investment bank Merrill Lynch said at the start of this month that , in its opinion , the American economy was already in recession .
Another investment bank , Goldman Sachs , has also warned that recession is now likely .
Sub - prime woes
The sharp downturn in the US economy has centred on the slump in the American housing market over the past year .
Against a backdrop of higher US mortgage rates , home loan defaults and repossessions hit record levels last year , specifically in the sub - prime sector .
This industry specialises in higher risk loans to people on low incomes or those with poor credit histories .
As the sub - prime mortgage sector hit crisis point , it triggered record losses at some of America 's largest banks .
It also caused the global credit squeeze , as much of this sub - prime debt was repackaged into wider debt offerings that were bought by banks and other investors around the world .
As a result , global banks are now much less willing to lend to each other , or to homes and businesses , until the full extent of the sub - prime exposure is known .
One cave had 15,584 bats in 2005 , 6,735 in 2007 and an estimated 1,500 this winter .
Another went from 1,329 bats in 2006 to 38 this winter .
Some biologists fear that 250,000 bats could die this year .
Since September , when hibernation began , dead or dying bats have been found at 15 sites in New York .
Most of them had been visited by people who had been at the original four sites last winter , leading researchers to suspect that humans could transmit the problem .
Details on the problem in neighboring states are sketchier .
“ In the Berkshires in Massachusetts , we are getting reports of dying / dead bats in areas where we do not have known bat hibernacula , so we may have more sites than we will ever be able to identify , ” said Susi von Oettingen , an endangered species biologist with the United States Fish and Wildlife Service .
In Vermont , Scott Darling , a wildlife biologist with the Fish and Wildlife Department , said : “ The last tally that I have is approximately 20 sites in New York , 4 in Vermont and 2 in Massachusetts .
We only have estimates of the numbers of bats in the affected sites  more or less 500,000 .
It is impossible for us to count the dead bats , as many have flown away from the caves and died  we have over 90 reports from citizens across Vermont  as well as many are still dying . ”
People are not believed to be susceptible to the affliction .
But New Jersey , New York and Vermont have advised everyone to stay out of all caverns that might have bats .
Visitors to affected caves and mines are asked to decontaminate all clothing , boots , ropes and other gear , as well as the car trunks that transport them .
One affected mine is the winter home to a third of the Indiana bats between Virginia and Maine .
These pink - nosed bats , two inches long and weighing a quarter - ounce , are particularly social and cluster together as tightly as 300 a square foot .
Image DIRE EFFECTS
Ryan von Lindin , a biologist ( with Tina Kelley of The New York Times ) , in a mine in the Adirondacks .
Credit ... Al Hicks
“ It ’s ironic , until last year most of my time was spent trying to delist it , ” or take it off the endangered species list , Mr. Hicks said , after the state ’s Indiana bat population grew , to 52,000 from 1,500 in the 1960s .
All farmers with land of less than two hectares will be able to apply
The Indian government is to cancel the entire debt of the country 's small farmers in a giant scheme that will cost 600 bn rupees ( $ 15 bn ; £ 7.6bn ) .
The move is a centrepiece of India 's latest budget , with the government also increasing education spending by 20 % and health funding by 15 % .
Widely seen as a populist budget ahead of elections due by May 2009 , Delhi has also pledged to control food prices .
The government also said it would keep up work to control wider inflation .
The farm loan cancellations will be offered to all farmers with less than two hectares of land .
Reaction from farmers groups has so far been mixed , with some complaining that the land - size criteria is too strict , and that those with larger fields will unfairly miss out .
Mohan Manidwar of Farmers Agitation Group , which highlights the large number of impoverished farmers committing suicide , said most farmers in the Vidarbha region of central India would miss out .
' Price pressure '
Unveiling the latest budget , Finance Minister Palaniappan Chidambaram said India 's annual economic growth was now running at 8.7 % .
This figure , which covers the current financial year to 31 March 2008 , is a slight slowdown from 9.6 % in 2006/07 - India 's fastest economic expansion in 18 years .
Over the past year India has increased interest rates and reduced the supply of the rupee to cool this breakneck growth .
" There is pressure on domestic prices , especially the prices of food articles , " Mr Chidambaram told the Indian parliament .
" Management of the supply side of food articles will be the most crucial task in the ensuing year . "
" Keeping inflation under check is one of the cornerstones of our policy . "
Mr Chidambaram added that the government was determined to see India become self - sufficient in food grains .
Mr Chidambaram also announced higher spending on rural infrastructure and highways .
QR Code Link to This Post
If your going to be out there on the mean streets getting high amongst all the squares , then your going to need some tips , kid .
The following applies to your typical downtown urban setting and is the result of several years of fine - tuning my technique .
1 ) Mints , mints , mints - but then you already knew this .
Smoking pot at work is definitely journeyman level stuff , and not for the beginner .
Alcohol prep pads will knock down the hand smell enough to get to the bathroom to wash your hands .
You 'll also need a long jacket of a non -porous so the scent can't get into your clothes .
2 ) Joints on the street are probably going to be your best option .
Everything else is too much paraphernalia .
If you can't pre-roll , a film canister and a pair of scissors will mill anything to a smokable consistency rapidly , I recommend a bathroom stall .
If one is forced to use a communal bathroom , particularly odorous specimens can me masked by the " fart spray " available at most novelty stores .
3 ) You should avoid rolling joints that looks like joints .
Lose the pinners .
Instead fill up most of the joint with a roll of cardboard ( kind of like a " filter " ) so that the desired product is concentrated at one end of the spliff .
Besides fattening up your spliff so that it looks like a cig , it allows the remnants to be quickly thrown aside into the sewer grate , ivy , or whatnot .
However , she will smoke quick and hard .
Depending on how much you 've loaded onto the end of your cardboard tube , it can be all gone in a few puffs .
And then we flicks the rest away like a used up butt .
4 ) Move yourself about on the street .
Do n't huddle in one place and look like some little pot troll .
Stride quickly like you 're late for a important meeting , and you 're sucking down a quick butt because you 're fucking pissed that everyone else in the world is so slow and incompetent .
Not so much that you attract attention you would n't otherwise have , but enough to where if someone really gets a good look at you their impression will be " Damn , she 's on her way to somewhere important ! " .
As such take short , hard drags - more like a cig .
Let a little air in around the base as you inhale .
It will make for a more even burn and the cool air will moderate the harsh clouds coming from the fat , quickly burning sticky - ickies .
5 ) Choose your routes wisely .
Always walk somewhere where the modified spliff can be tossed aside in a way that prevents recovery from law enforcement or overzealous citizens .
Overpasses are a great thing .
As are bodies of water .
Think like your enemy : the bicycle cop .
Be able to flick that piece of evidence somewhere where even some angry , overzealous officer would n't bother to tread .
Not everyone is going to have great options available to you .
The worse your disposal options , the shorter the marijuana section on your modified cardboard spliff will have to be .
If you only option is a lione sewer grate , have a shorty and hit it up 30 feet away .
By the time you 've take the two or three hits it takes to get there , you 'll be 90 % done and can toss it right away .
6 )
Do n't follow the same route habitually .
If you are in the same places every day doing the same thing it 's easy for someone that has caught a whiff to make trouble for you .
That being said , you do n't have to mix it up too much .
If you vary your routes and times even slightly it makes it much more difficult to be ambushed .
No one gets fired up about a lone roving pot smoker enough to lay in wait for hours to try to catch you .
However , if the same grumpy old man keeps getting it rubbed in his face day after day you never know what he 's apt to do .7 ) Give yourself a little breather .
Do n't go right back to work .
Spend three or four minutes sucking on your mint and looking at the pretty birdies .
Then get the paper and retire to the shitter , or otherwise avoid human contact for as long as is feasible or until your sure the last of the vapors have lifted from your skin .
8 )
There .
That 's better .
Back at work , hummin ' and grooving along .
9 ) Do I smell taquitos ?
Unfortunately , I do n’t think these lightsabers are actually of the real , flesh - disintegrating kind .
That ’s just too bad , they may come in handy in case of an eventual full - scale Sith invasion .
Kudos to the folks at SpikeTV for this brilliant marketing idea .
For those of you who live in New York , this bus - shelter ad is located on the corner of West 34th and Eighth Avenue .
[ Via amNewYork ]
Mr. Gross did not reply to e-mail requesting comment on Tuesday night , but a senior campaign official cautioned against reading too much into Mr. Gross ’s message .
That official , who discussed the campaign ’s finances on the condition of anonymity , said that all creditors would be paid and that a report to be filed this month with the Federal Election Commission would show that the campaign had roughly $ 9 million on hand at the end of January , with about $ 2 million in debts .
The official added that the campaign was still making sure all its bills were in hand and assessing its financial picture .
Mr. Giuliani ended his run for the Republican nomination after finishing third in the Florida primary on Jan. 29 , and a cash squeeze forced top aides to go without payment in the campaign ’s closing weeks .
The campaign ’s most recent finance report showed that it had $ 12.8 million on hand at the end of December , just before the primary season began , and had about $ 1.2 million in debt .
But roughly $ 5.6 million that the campaign had on hand could have been used only in a general - election campaign , not for expenses incurred in the primaries .
By law , money raised for a general election cannot usually be spent on primary expenses , although Bob Biersack , a spokesman for the Federal Election Commission , said that in some rare instances , if donors gave money for the general election without having contributed the $ 2,300 maximum allowed for the primary , the campaign might seek their permission to redesignate the contribution as one for the primaries .
pnh102
Reptiles Are Cuddly And Pretty
Premium Member
join:2002-05-02
Mount Airy , MD pnh102 Premium Member Just Ahead Of Our Time ...
Now that most of us have run HDMI and / or component cables through our walls !
jester121
Premium Member
join:2003-08-09
Lake Zurich , IL jester 121 Premium Member Re : Just Ahead Of Our Time ...
You obviously forgot your sarcasm tag ...
I can't think of any friends , neighbors , relatives , or colleagues who even knows what HDMI is .
Camelot One
MVM
join:2001-11-21
Greenwood , IN Camelot One to pnh102
MVM to pnh102
I have an HDMI drop from the theater room ( main source ) closet to the living room PC , but there is no way to get a drop to the office or either bedroom .
So I am VERY excited about this solution .
But as it's coming right around CES 08 , I hope this is n't just another " coming soon " product we 'll see 3 years from now .
Dan2112
join:2001-08-24
San Jose , CA Dan2112 Member Re : Just Ahead Of Our Time ... quote : The Gefen HDMI Over Coax Extender is planned for release in April 2008 and will be available to consumers online at www.gefen.com or through an authorized Gefen reseller .
Only time will tell .
April is not that far away .
From the press release :
Only time will tell .
April is not that far away .
Camelot One
MVM
join:2001-11-21
Greenwood , IN Camelot One MVM Re : Just Ahead Of Our Time ... said by Dan2112 :
From the press release : quote : The Gefen HDMI Over Coax Extender is planned for release in April 2008 and will be available to consumers online at www.gefen.com or through an authorized Gefen reseller .
Only time will tell .
April is not that far away .
From the press release :
Only time will tell .
April is not that far away .
www.dlink.com/products/?pid=547
" Coming Soon " , since CES 2007 .
" Coming Soon " , since CES 2007 .
JammerMan79
Premium Member
join:2004-05-13
Prince George , BC JammerMan79 Premium Member Re : Just Ahead Of Our Time ...
I have the older dlink dsm320 and it's awesome .
Kearnstd
Space Elf
Premium Member
join:2002-01-22
Mullica Hill , NJ Kearnstd to pnh102
Premium Member to pnh102
i dont even use HDMI yet , though i do use component .
all the same when on cable TV since it will never be 1080 p for years to come .
travelguy
join:1999-09-03
Bismarck , ND travelguy Member Last Mile Solution ?
Maybe this technology will solve the " last mile " problem that Wimax was supposed solve .
The non-FIOS telcos do Fiber To The Node ( FTTN ) and then UWB to the home ...
Mchart
First There .
join:2004-01-21
Kaneohe , HI Mchart Member Re : Last Mile Solution ?
This technology can not reach anywhere near the distances needed for the ' last mile ' .
Syian
join:2007-12-20
Gwinn , MI Syian Member Re : Last Mile Solution ?
well , that would really depend on the maximum range of UWB ... and memory serving it's not all that long a range , making it a bit difficult to implement as a last mile solution .
course , i could be very very wrong .
it 's been known to happen .
from time to time .
travelguy
join:1999-09-03
Bismarck , ND Asus RT - AC68
Ubiquiti NSM5
travelguy Member Re : Re : Last Mile Solution ?
said by Syian :
well , that would really depend on the maximum range of UWB ... and memory serving it's not all that long a range , making it a bit difficult to implement as a last mile solution .
course , i could be very very wrong .
it 's been known to happen .
from time to time .
well , that would really depend on the maximum range of UWB ... and memory serving it's not all that long a range , making it a bit difficult to implement as a last mile solution .
course , i could be very very wrong .
it 's been known to happen .
from time to time .
I could have sworn I read that UWB was supposed to work over a larger area , but Intel »
The Bluetooth people look like they are going to migrate to UWB also : » Not this time .
I could have sworn I read that UWB was supposed to work over a larger area , but Intel » www.intel.com/technology
··· ndex.htm says 10 meters .
The Bluetooth people look like they are going to migrate to UWB also : » www.wimedia.org/en/index.asp
PolarBear03
The bear formerly known as aaron8301
Premium Member
join:2005-01-03 PolarBear03 Premium Member Re : Re : Last Mile Solution ?
Yes , from what I 've read , UWB is about throughput , not range .
wiley
@rr.com wiley to travelguy
Anon to travelguy
Actually , Intel is partially right and partially wrong .
10 meters is just a nice round number and the range is really more a function of the data rate - but they are referring to UWB wireless in any case - not over coax .
Over coax , the range is hundreds of feet .
This is independently verified in a report that was published by EETimes last month .
You can access the report by independent test house " Octoscope " if interested on Pulse ~LINK 's home page .
bewale
Killemall
Premium Member
join:2000-08-08
Royal Oak , MI bewale Premium Member Hmmm ...
I see the obvious benefit of this solution for people that already have existing coax infrastructure .
But , how does the bandwidth / picture quality of this compare to existing HDMI - over - dual - CAT5 solutions ... or HDMI - over - fiber ?
e.g. for the new home builder or someone remodeling where all three options are a choice ?
I 'd assume one advantage of using coax is the inherent shielding the coax has vs. twisted pair .... not sure how necessary that is in a typical residential house though .
Also curious about his 4 * 35 M bps comment .
I know several people playing Hidef over 100 M bps .?
n0ym
join:2004-12-21
Montgomery Village , MD n0ym Member Re : Hmmm ...
I see the obvious benefit of this solution for people that already have existing coax infrastructure .
But , how does the bandwidth / picture quality of this compare to existing HDMI - over - dual - CAT5 solutions ... or HDMI - over - fiber ?
e.g. for the new home builder or someone remodeling where all three options are a choice ?
Assuming they can handle the bandwidth , I would imagine this comes down to the price , as either of the other solutions at this point are not cheap at all .
Also curious about his 4 * 35 M bps comment .
I know several people playing Hidef over 100 M bps .?
Considering the full bandwidth of HDMI 1.3 and later is higher than 10 Gbps , I 'm not sure , either ( even the bandwidth of HDMI 1.2 , which can handle 1080 p at 60 fps , exceeds 4 Gbps ) .
Compressed high def video can certainly be handled by conventional fast ethernet ( or gigabit ethernet ) .
But that 's not what 's sent on HDMI .
Unless they 're compressing the signal on the fly ?
In which case , I 'd think they would run into trouble with the encryption , unless the compression is somehow lossless ...
Assuming they can handle the bandwidth , I would imagine this comes down to the price , as either of the other solutions at this point are not cheap at all .
Considering the full bandwidth of HDMI 1.3 and later is higher than 10 Gbps , I 'm not sure , either ( even the bandwidth of HDMI 1.2 , which can handle 1080 p at 60 fps , exceeds 4 Gbps ) .
high def video can certainly be handled by conventional fast ethernet ( or gigabit ethernet ) .
But that 's not what 's sent on HDMI .
Unless they 're compressing the signal on the fly ?
In which case , I 'd think they would run into trouble with the encryption , unless the compression is somehow lossless ...
beaups
join:2003-08-11
Hilliard , OH beaups Member Re : Hmmm ... my question exactly .
uncompressed video , which HDMI is carrying , could not be run on the bandwidth of this product .
So there is obviously some recompression happening which , in my opinion , destroys the product .
I do n't see any way it could be lossless considering we are talking around 50:1 compression
n0ym
join:2004-12-21
Montgomery Village , MD n0ym Member Ah , OK ...
Answering myself ...
I 'm not sure either why you 'd need 4 times the bandwidth for pause / rewind , etc .
My understanding is that streaming compressed high - def video requires anywhere up to about 35 - 40 Mbps ( can be handled by 100 Mbps ethernet ) , and software packages like MythTV can do pause , etc .
I 've never heard anything about multiplying the bandwidth for such functions , although I could see some sort of frontend - handled fast - forward / rewind seek function requiring higher streaming bandwidth .
I suppose it all depends upon how the function is implemented .
wruckman
Ruckman.net
join:2007-10-25
Northwood , OH wruckman Member Nice Most people have coax already in their walls so this should be perfect for most people .
Maybe you could even shove it out your home coax to a neighbor too .
hehe .
neufuse
join:2006-12-06
James Creek , PA neufuse Member fiber ... or we could just use fiber optic lines in our own house ?
seems more logical ... already do it for sound systems ...
GeekGirl1
Premium Member
join:2007-01-28
Morrisville , PA 56.9 63.5
4 edits GeekGirl1 Premium Member Yet Another Standard ?
Cost for this product ?
The cable industry already provides for sharing of TV signals over coax , called MOCA ( Multimedia Over Coax ) .
Verizon FiOS has implemented a solution with their home media DVRs .
Standard Def only , but it's a cut into the market share .
==========================================================
Wireless Version :
I just took a look at the full test report from the URL in their press release : »
Look at Figure 14 .
The Belkin F5U302 can do 35 MBps until about 20 ' from the transmitter .
If 1080 p needs 35 Mbps , this will do just fine .
One feature not mentioned in the report is the signal acquisition process .
How long to lock / re-aquire ?
How robust is the receiver design to multipath ?
There 's a reason the other protocols have lower data rates and use more complex modulation techniques .
=======================================================
This is a transmitter / receiver pair ( with an IR remote in the opposite direction ) .
Putting the pulsed carrier at 4 GHz should be well above anything on coax .
If it 's the same version as in the report ( see below ) , there 's an issue with length .
Also , you 're running near the maximum usable frequency for cheap coax ( moding ) .
Cost for this product ?
The cable industry already provides for sharing of TV signals over coax , called MOCA ( Multimedia Over Coax ) .
Verizon FiOS has implemented a solution with their home media DVRs .
Standard Def only , but it's a cut into the market share.==========================================================Wireless
Version : I just took a look at the full test report from the URL in their press release : » www.pulselink.net/press/
··· 2007.htm .
There 's too much marketing hype .
4.1 GHz band only , BPSK pulsed carrier modulation .
Look at Figure 14 .
The Belkin F5U302 can do 35 MBps until about 20 ' from the transmitter .
If 1080 p needs 35 Mbps , this will do just fine .
One feature not mentioned in the report is the signal acquisition process .
How long to lock / re-aquire ?
How robust is the receiver design to multipath ?
There 's a reason the other protocols have lower data rates and use more complex modulation techniques.=======================================================
n0ym
join:2004-12-21
Montgomery Village , MD n0ym Member Re : Yet Another Standard ?
As you noted , cost of the product is an issue .
Gefen 's other solutions are pretty pricey .
Look at Figure 14 .
The Belkin F5U302 can do 35 MBps until about 20 ' from the transmitter .
If 1080 p needs 35 Mbps , this will do just fine .
Compressed 1080 p can be sent over 35 Mbps. HDMI 's bandwidth requirements are much , much greater .
What I 'm waiting for right now is a cost - effective solution for launching and receiving HDMI signals over fiber ( e.g. you string your own fiber throughout the house , then buy a HDMI - to - fiber transducer for transmitting the signal and a fiber - to - HDMI transducer for receiving , all for a reasonable price
Chips for driving fiber are n't all that expensive these days , and from what I 've seen even multi- mode fiber could be used to carry HDMI signals over house - length fiber ( no lasers necessary ) .
RG6 / U is capable of carrying very high bandwidth signals - 3 GHz and up - but the losses increase substantially , of course .
If they 're putting a powerful signal on the line , it does stand to reason coax could be used ( depending upon the length and the quality of the coax ) .
As you noted , cost of the product is an issue .
Gefen 's other solutions are pretty pricey .
Compressed 1080 p can be sent over 35 Mbps. HDMI 's bandwidth requirements are much , much greater .
What I 'm waiting for right now is a cost - effective solution for launching and receiving HDMI signals over fiber ( e.g. you string your own fiber throughout the house , then buy a HDMI - to - fiber transducer for transmitting the signal and a fiber - to - HDMI transducer for receiving , all for a reasonable priceChips for driving fiber are n't all that expensive these days , and from what I 've seen even multi- mode fiber could be used to carry HDMI signals over house - length fiber ( no lasers necessary ) .
GeekGirl1
Premium Member
join:2007-01-28
Morrisville , PA 56.9 63.5
4 edits GeekGirl1 Premium Member Re : Yet Another Standard ?
said by n0ym
What I 'm waiting for right now is a cost - effective solution for launching and receiving HDMI signals over fiber ( e.g. you string your own fiber throughout the house , then buy a HDMI - to - fiber transducer for transmitting the signal and a fiber - to - HDMI transducer for receiving , all for a reasonable price [ / BQUOTE :
They already have one , but you need 1 Cat 5 and 4 fiber cables .
$ 700 / box ( define " reasonable " ) . »
The selling point is " no new wires " .
I 've got cable TV ( Verizon FiOS ) and OTA ( Over The Air ) cables run .
Is this thing going to interfere with my existing TV picture quality ?
All I need is a splitter on each end of the coax to insert / extract the signal .
Do n't forget that the modulation sidelobes go well below 1 GHz .
Putting the carrier at 4.1 GHz wo n't cut it with a 1.4 GHz modulation bandwidth .
Hopefully , they 've got good filtering ( same for their receiver front - end ) .
Also , it wo n't work through any type of cable / OTA distribution amp , so that limits the configuration .
I 'd like to give this product a chance , but I 'd wait until the reviews come out with real - world testing .
They already have one , but you need 1 Cat 5 and 4 fiber cables .
$ 700 / box ( define " reasonable " ) .
» www.gefen.com/kvm/produc
··· _id=2484
The selling point is .
I 've got cable TV ( Verizon FiOS ) and OTA ( Over The Air ) cables run .
Is this thing going to interfere with my existing TV picture quality ?
All I need is a splitter on each end of the coax to insert / extract the signal .
Do n't forget that the modulation sidelobes go well below 1 GHz .
Putting the carrier at 4.1 GHz wo n't cut it with a 1.4 GHz modulation bandwidth .
Hopefully , they 've got good filtering ( same for their receiver front - end ) .
Also , it wo n't work through any type of cable / OTA distribution amp , so that limits the configuration .
I 'd like to give this product a chance , but I 'd wait until the reviews come out with real - world testing .
n0ym
join:2004-12-21
Montgomery Village , MD n0ym Member Re : Yet Another Standard ?
( define " reasonable " )
Yeah , that 's kind of where I was coming from .
For me , $ 700 / box is n't reasonable , given the likely cost of components ( they 're not even multiplexing the signal onto a single fiber ) .
Just need more competition , I guess .
I agree regarding the bandwidth limitations and potential interference with other signals carried on the line .
Yeah , that 's kind of where I was coming from .
For me , $ 700 / box is n't reasonable , given the likely cost of components ( they 're not even multiplexing the signal onto a single fiber ) .
Just need more competition , I guess .
I agree regarding the bandwidth limitations and potential interference with other signals carried on the line .
juicelee
Premium Member
join:2000 -12-04
Hacienda Heights , CA juicelee Premium Member
How about a true HD slingbox device ?
Instead of using this coax tech ... how about someone making a device with slingbox functionality that can send full 1080 p video over gigabit lan ?
hdtvlvr
@comcast.net hdtvlvr Anon Re : How about a true HD slingbox device ?
Yeah , i've been asking myself that question since hdtv first came about .
It 's really bs how there is not one consumer solution to transmit any higher quality than 480p over a network ( except local broadcast and the new cable card but thats not what I mean ) .
I want hdmi in and have it go to a Gigabit network so I can watch / record HD content of any type onto my computers .
Is this really to much to ask of hardware designers out there ?
The cheapest / closest commercial solution I found was a QAM signal generator over coax for $ 20,000 + .
Your QAM capable tv tuner card would translate it to 1080 i as if it was being broadcasted by your local tv station and bam , hdtv tivo from any source you 'd like .
But who wants to spend $ 20,000 + to get hdtv from any source onto their computers ?
Sigh ...
MOTO6809
join:2007-11-05
Springfield , MA MOTO6809 Member Perfect solution for me I have a 1 blue ray player with 2 tv's that have HDMI inputs , and 2 coax at each wall plate .
The only downfall is you would have no control of Blue Ray player unless it had Blue Tooth controller like a PS3 ..
Rocky road ahead for Senate 's gift of telecom immunity
Update : Feingold vows to use ' every tool at my disposal ' to block telecom immunity , protect privacy ;
Dodd says will filibuster
A Senate committee advanced a bipartisan piece of legislation that would grant telecommunications companies legal immunity for their cooperation with President Bush 's warrantless wiretapping program , but lawmakers are expecting at least another month of battle over the scope of the administration 's surveillance authority .
The Senate Intelligence Committee spent nearly five hours Thursday hammering out the parameters of their proposal to update the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
Despite talk of a bipartisan compromise , critics were still furious about some parts of the bill , and passage in its current form is hardly a guarantee .
" The bill still cedes far too much power to the executive branch , which has time and again shown it will only abuse it , " Sen .
Russ Feingold ( D - WI ) said in a statement .
" If the bill that ultimately reaches the Senate floor includes immunity and does not adequately protect the privacy of Americans , I will fight it vigorously with every tool at my disposal . 
Feingold , who serves on the Intelligence and Judiciary committees , has been a vigorous opponent of attempts to vastly expand presidential power since Sept. 11 .
He and Sen. Ron Wyden ( D - OR ) succeeded Thursday in amending the Intelligence committee 's bill to explicitly require warrants for surveillance of Americans residing overseas .
Although the bill emerged from the committee on a 13 - 2 vote , the Feingold - Wyden amendment is seen as unacceptable to the Bush administration , and one of the Senate 's Democratic presidential candidates has vowed to prevent a floor vote on the bill , which provides immunity for telephone and Internet companies that helped spy on Americans .
" I have decided to place a ' hold ' on the latest FISA bill that would have included amnesty for telecommunications companies that enabled the President 's assault on the Constitution by illegally providing personal information on their customers without judicial authorization , " Sen .
Chris Dodd ( D - CT ) said in a statement released by his presidential campaign .
Dodd , who is not a member of the intelligence panel , released the statement before final details of the bill were released Thursday night .
His campaign and Senate office did not return RAW STORY 's calls seeking comment Friday morning .
Later Friday , Dodd released a YouTube video saying he would filibuster the FISA update if necessary .
FireDogLake declared , " This is awesome .
Go Dodd . "
The Senate panel agreed to telecom immunity after receiving from the administration long - requested documents outlining the legal justifications of Bush 's post - 9/11 warrantless surveillance scheme .
Their bill is meant to provide narrow grants of immunity to companies that facilitated the then - illegal Terrorist Surveillance Program .
Interestingly , approval of the measure coincides with a massive increase in donations from the country 's top telecom companies to Intelligence Chairman Jay Rockefeller ( D - WV ) , as noted by Wired 's Ryan Singel
The bill requires that the Attorney General certify to the court that companies alleged to have assisted in the program were following a written request or directive from the Attorney General or an intelligence agency head or deputy head as part of the TSP .
Notably , the bill provides no retroactive immunity for government officials , nor does it cover telecommunications ' companies actions before Sept. 11 , 2001 .
This provision likely would not kill all pending lawsuits against telecommunications companies , as some have alleged the NSA was recruiting phone companies to conduct legally questionable surveillance as early as February of 2001 .
Dodd 's hold is not the only roadblock being thrown before telecom immunity .
Judiciary Committee Chairman Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) and Ranking Member Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) both said recently that they had not seen the same documents handed over to the Intelligence Committee .
Until they do , the pair said , any question of immunity is a non-starter .
The Judiciary Committee is next in line to consider the FISA update before moving a full bill to the Senate floor , which is expected in late November or early December .
FISA renewal also has stalled in the House , which would have to agree to any changes in the law before Congress sends a bill to the president .
A House measure introduced earlier this month did not contain immunity for telecoms , a key sticking point for the president .
Republicans managed to delay consideration of that measure using some parliamentary tricks .
In August , Congress approved the Protect America Act , which was designed to close narrow loopholes in FISA law that mandated warrants to eavesdrop on conversations originating and terminating abroad .
That measure expires in February , and Congress is in the middle of correcting what critics say was over - broad authority granted in that measure .
The bad news for Eliot Spitzer is that he 's been linked to a prostitution ring .
But the good news is that it 's a high - class prostitution ring .
He 's not the first public person to get caught having inappropriate sex , and he wo n't be the last .
Spitzer 's reputation as the moral Governor may be over — and our idealization of Spitzer ended before this scandal — but that does n't mean his career is .
In the case of sex scandal , there are three models Spitzer can follow .
Be Nice
Remember how Hugh Grant cheated on his then - girlfriend Elizabeth Hurley with a Sunset Boulevard Prostitute ?
Neither does the rest of America , because Grant went on the offensive soon after the charges were brought against him .
Appearing on Jay Leno , Grant was contrite and honest about seeking a prostitute , saying , " I think you know in life what 's a good thing to do and what 's a bad thing , and I did a bad thing .
And there you have it . "
Things are different for a career politician and family man than a caddish actor , to be sure .
But an appearance on NY1 apologizing for his actions could help his follow - up consulting career .
Be Honest
Before Jerry Springer was a musical or a talk show host , he was a politician .
When he ran for Governor of Ohio , he also went on the offensive , apologizing for his actions in the clip above .
Of course , that strategy did n't work out so well for him politically , but did lead to a successful media career .
If Spitzer wants out of politics and anything else high brow , he could be candid with his history with prostitutes , and parlay that into a successful media career .
Pretend Nothing Happened
Larry Craig went wide - stance , refused to resign and is still recruiting interns .
This is the likely route for Spitzer .
In his speech , he did n't lie , but he did n't directly admit to seeing prostitutes .
All he said was that he " acted in a way that violates my obligations to my family , and violates my or any sense of right and wrong . "
Spitzer has more time , and power , than Craig to make up for this scandal .
He can play the move on card and make the most of the next two years .
This blog is dedicated to gadget , computer , technology , science , entertainment , cell phone .
In broad sense to the high - tech .
READER COMMENTS ON
" ANN COULTER , VOTER FRAUD FELON , GETS AWAY WITH IT "
( 51 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... DMcD said on 12/7/2007 @ 9:11 pm PT ...
FLORIDA , again ; Florida should have its charter revoked and be " thrown " out of the union much less , have the right to vote , at all .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... vw clown said on 12/7/2007 @ 10:36 pm PT ...
I thought she might get away with this .
But then , the last thing I wanted to see was more Ann Coulter on the news , even if she would be wearing an orange jumpsuit in an interview with Sean Hannity through the glass .
Makes me wonder why she would do this in the first place ...
Any publicity is good publicity ?
PS What is the actual penalty for voter fraud ?
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Rick said on 12/7/2007 @ 10:56 pm PT ...
This blog is retarded .
Did she vote multiple times ?
No .
She just put a different address down .
Big freaking deal .
Perhaps you should read Ann Coulter 's book , Brad .
It sounds as if you have a lot to learn .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 12/7/2007 @ 11:35 pm PT ...
VW Clown -
The oath that Coulter affirmed when she signed it ( and , as a supposed attorney who used to care about the " rule of law " in the 90's at least , she should understand the importance of such oaths ) says " I understand that if it is not true , I can be convicted of a felony of the third degree and fined up to $ 5,000 and / or imprisoned for up to five years . "
She also committed another third degree felony for receiving a drivers license under the same phony premise .
And a first degree misdemeanor for voting in the wrong precinct .
Ricky - Your " retarded " reference gives you away as an Ann Coulter butt buddy .
That said , however , your Bush Justice Dept. has put folks in jail for far less , in regard to voting .
Example , filling out a registration form fraudulently and never even voting at all .
And then there 's the Pakistani national who lived in the U.S. for 10 years , was given a stack of papers at the DMV , one of them a registration form which he filled out with all of the others .
He was deported to Pakistan , separated from his American wife and child , all for following the directions of an official .
He never even voted .
Your excuses for the criminal Coulter are shameful .
We are all embarrassed to share the same nation with you .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... don myers said on 12/8/2007 @ 12:36 am PT ...
Do n't compare a decision by a jury where all members must agree with a decision by a board of elections - the slap in the face to our judicial system is n't necessary .
I do n't like anything about Coulter but I choose not to pay any attention to anything that she does .
She has no credibility but continues to say and do anything that puts her name in the spotlight .
Do n't play the game by her rules .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... jamie said on 12/8/2007 @ 6:26 am PT ...
Ann Coulter is an entertainer . , She sells books and newspapers .
i dont like her politics , I think she is pretty funny , This issue is dumb .
next please !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... cars said on 12/8/2007 @ 7:14 am PT ...
Dang ... this blog reads like a parody , but it 's not , is it ?
Next , you 'll be hyperventilating over the base , disgusting and outrageous criminal Bill O'Reilly for flagrantly getting a speeding ticket and thwarting the law by actually arriving in court and contesting it , then paying a small fine .
The villain !
Obsessing over small crap like this just makes you people look even more foolish , petty , and vindictive than we already thought you were .
Meanwhile , your party has no moral qualms about bribing homeless people to vote , bussing in activists to vote in districts they do not live in but are known for lax rules , slashing the tires of buses meant for elderly citizens who are going to vote the wrong way , and even filling the voting rolls with stacks of dead people ( all activities on record and sometimes on video , so do n't bother trying to filibuster reality ) .
{ED NOTE :
The above graf is pure disinformation .
While normally such disinfo might merit deletion of the entire comment , with notice of cause , we do n't know whether or not " cars " knows this to be disinfo , or is just extraordinarily uninformed / gullible .
So we 'll leave it posted , along with this note of warning , so others do n't fall prey to such unsubstantiated claims .
Along with our note as to what a pity it is that folks like " cars " have such an embarrassingly , transparent and subjective sense of the difference between right and wrong .}
A real newspaper puts it quite plainly : " The Florida Elections Commission has concluded no probable cause exists to charge the conservative columnist and author with violating state election laws . " -- in * addition * to the fact that the statute of limitations had run out .
A full account of the incident does n't show Coulter wrestling some poor poll worker to the ground , as is intimated in this blog .
" Coulter had initially gone into the Bethesda polling place to vote .
Poll worker Jim Whited advised her to fill out a change of address form , saying the address listed on the computer fell within the boundaries of the St. Edward precinct .
Instead , Coulter asked where she would vote under the address listed in the computer .
Whited told her St. Edward 's and she left .
" Although [ Coulter ] should have followed the directions of poll worker Jim Whited when she attempted to vote in precinct 1198 , there is no evidence that she willfully violated [ Florida election laws ] when she voted in precinct 1196 , " the order signed by [ FEC General Counsel Charles ] Finkel states . "
Like it or not , this is entirely consistent with the behavior of most people if they found themselves in a similar situation , and does n't really suggest that Coulter was intentionally defrauding the system .
Why do n't you just stick to making fun of her looking manly ?
As pathetic and girly as these cowardly attacks are , she probably * is* more manly than you are .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Kris Kemp said on 12/8/2007 @ 7:23 am PT ...
Great post .
Keep waking people up to what 's going on .
Visit :
www.rense.com
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... George Stuart said on 12/8/2007 @ 8:00 am PT ...
What happens in FL , stays in FL .
Forget Ann Coulter ; forget the voting laws ;--- forget FL ---( unless you are a Republican ) .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Dan said on 12/8/2007 @ 8:05 am PT ...
Cars , Ricky , Jamie , et al ....
She is a lawyer .
An officer of the court .
She fraudulently filed false documentation .
I aint sayin throw the bitch in court .
I 'm just sayin , hold her to an appropriate standard of conduct .
The false documents are readily available in the public record .
As is Florida election law .
And a basic examination of both shows the violation .
This bitch , who has advocated assassination of the poor and democrats ( in the name of entertainment ) , DOESN'T EVEN HAVE THE BASIC DECENCY TO SAY ... oops , I 'm sorry .
No , assholes .
NO .
NO NO NO NO NO .
This bitch does NOT GET A FREE RIDE ... and SCREW YOU FOR EVEN THINKING SHE SHOULD .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... BOB YOUNG said on 12/8/2007 @ 8:27 am PT ...
# 3 You are of no help at all !
Only an idiot has anything to learn from reading a book by another idiot .
# 6
Ann is nothing more than a manure spreader .
She starts out each of her tirades using 100 % USDA certified pure BS .
She then packs more 100 % USDA certified pure BS around that and spreads the results everywhere she goes .
If you love S #! t on your face you should love Ann Coulter .
Otherwise
Ann should never impress you one iota !
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Mark A. Adams JD / MBA said on 12/8/2007 @ 8:52 am PT ...
I 'm not surprised that the Florida Election Commission failed to find Coulter at fault .
They never find against a Republicon AKA RINO ( Republican In Name Only – one who is actually for big , intrusive , and expensive government while claiming not to be ) .
Also , I 'm not surprised that the local police did n't press charges .
However , the standard operating procedure is for the police department to refer all complaints to the local State Attorney who then decides whether or not to pursue them .
Did the police fail to follow procedure in this case ?
Of course , if the police had forwarded the complaint to the local State Attorney , Barry Krischer , the responsibility for the failure to prosecute would have fallen directly on him .
It may have hurt his chances of re-election .
Maybe it still will .
After all , many are calling on the people to throw the incumbents out .
See , an excerpt from Lee Iacocca ’s new book , “ Where Have All the Leaders Gone ” at http://www.snopes.com/po...tics/soapbox/iacocca.asp
It has been working , too .
For example , almost a quarter of the members of Pennsylvania ’s legislature were thrown out of office in 2006 .
However , that was not newsworthy according to the big corporate media .
If you want to know more about that see , http://www.pacleansweep.com/legal.html
Ron Paul supporters are tired of RINO ’s throwing elections and trashing our Constitutional rights and our economy .
They are working on doing the same thing this year .
For information on this movement to take back our country from the RINO Neo-cons , see http://www.paulcongress.com/
I hope that members of the Democratic Party will take action to expose the failures of the leaders of their party to represent the people , and remove the DINOs ( Democrats In Name Only – one who is really for undermining worker rights and shipping jobs overseas ) from leadership positions in their party .
As Noam Chomsky and many others who are paying attention have been saying for years , the claim that we have two parties is only an illusion as both parties act in the interests of big business , the oil companies , the defense industry , the prison industry , etc .
Far too many of our leaders are in their pockets , so like Lee Iacocca and many others are saying , “ Throw the bums out ! ”
Take action , and do it now before it ’s too late !
If you still have any questions , see Naomi Wolf on The End of America
http://www.brasschecktv.com/page/177.html
Salt Lake City Mayor Rocky Anderson Calls for Action
http://www.afterdowningstreet.org/?q=node/28179
Mark Adams speaks at the FCC Hearing in Tampa
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JAni0WoI7LI Bill Faulkner and Mark Adams speak at the Voting System Reform Rally in Tallahassee , Florida on March 21 , 2007
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nrNxSzw_qvI
John Russell and Mark Adams speak at the St. Petersburg peace rally on March 17 , 2007 on why we are still at war when the vast majority of Americans are against it and what you can do about it .
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZG5krR3jbhs
Mark Adams on Op Ed News about How to Take Action on Holt and Fix Our Elections
http://www.opednews.com/...how_to_take_action_o.htm
Links to speech titled " No Justice , No Peace " given by Mark A. Adams , Esquire JD / MBA at the National Judicial Reform Conference at Rice University in Houston , Texas on August 11 , 2007 .
Higher Quality Video http://video.google.com/...ocid=5135583133302349969
Lower Quality Video http://video.google.com/...cid=-5274592268158533722
The Brad Blog report on Republicans caught rigging elections in Florida and my comment on that article .
https://bradblog.com/?p=5407
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... greggp said on 12/8/2007 @ 9:13 am PT ...
CARS # 7 said
Obsessing over small crap like this just makes you people look even more foolish , petty , and vindictive than we already thought you were .
Did you support the Clinton impeachment ?
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Perry Logan said on 12/8/2007 @ 9:36 am PT ...
Shucks .
I was hoping she 'd get the chair .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... TJSwift said on 12/8/2007 @ 10:00 am PT ...
# 7 nailed it . " real newspaper puts it quite plainly : " The Florida Elections Commission has concluded no probable cause exists to charge the conservative columnist and author with violating state election laws . " -- in * addition * to the fact that the statute of limitations had run out . "
All of you mouth - breathing , moonbat lawyers can spew as much foam as you want in your little echo chamber , but the fact remains that Coulter was investigated by the proper authority and exonerated ... end of story .
Next non-issue please ..
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... pv said on 12/8/2007 @ 10:05 am PT ...
I wonder if this will set a precedent for future felons who try to vote illegally .
Only if they 're from the Republican party , I 'll bet .
Why is n't the right up in arms about this ?
Can you imagine if a Democrat , or worse , a MEXICAN , tried to pull this scam like Ann the Man ?
They'd be swiftboated , waterboarded and flown off to lala land .
F'ing Hypocrites .
But what can you expect from the Redneck Riviera known as Florida ?
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... kimo said on 12/8/2007 @ 10:14 am PT ...
I knew HE would get away with it .
He had the balls to do it .
He has the support of 26 % of this country .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Dan said on 12/8/2007 @ 10:19 am PT ...
# 14 .. I read your blog a bit , Mr Swift .
Why are you so intent on insulting anyone you disagree with ?
Why do you ridicule the will of a democratic peoples ?
Australia 's public elected someone else to be Prime Minister ... he's the choice of the people of Australia .
The fact that you insist on name calling and labeling others is more of a testament to your own weak mind than ANY of the hate and disinformation you actually put in type .
I 'm not surprised that you would come to the defense of Ms Coulter .
Both you and she appear of the same ilk .
Very small minded and intolerant .
Her insults are not humorous .
Nor are they Christian .
And neither are yours .
Sadly , you are far to representative of the powers that be in this once proud USofA .
( Which truly do not mirror the actual will of the people . )
Your day of atonement for your sins of hatred are coming .
Very very soon .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... LindyLou said on 12/8/2007 @ 10:46 am PT ...
To Ricky , Cars , and all the other apologists for Ms , Coulter .
Does n't it bother you just a little that this woman who has a law degree , and who never hesitates to call anyone else ugly names , retarded among them , and who constantly tells others how to think " intelligently " like she does -- does n't it bother you just a little that this paragon of all intelligent thought can't figure out where to legally vote ?
And you think I should waste my time reading a book by this idiot ?
Either she 's really , really dumb or else she 's a dirty liar .
Or she finds a lot of really dumb people do do her dirty lies for her .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... DerekLarsson said on 12/8/2007 @ 11:09 am PT ...
Is Ann Coulter a CIA operative ?
Does anyone know ?
It does n't really make any sense why neither the police , the election commission , the sheriff , etc. all would just lay down and refuse to enforce the documented election laws unless other pressures are involved here .
If you or I tried to do this , we would 've been charged and faced sentencing .
And , by the way , the act of not prosecuting someone on a mere technicality like " statute of limitations " is not the same thing as exhonoration or innocence .
It is totally absurd that a " statute of limitations " could even apply to begin with .
It has only been 1 friggin year since the 2006 election .
Coulter remains a criminal .
And the question remains why is she getting special treatment ?
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 12/8/2007 @ 12:12 pm PT ...
Man , I love it when the right - wing psychos come out and piss their hypocrisy all over the left - leaning blogs .
So far , the message has been in collusion with Rick{y} with " She just put a different address down .
Big freaking deal . " ..
Yet , when it comes time for the elections , these SAME morons are SCREAMING shit like " voter fraud !
OMG voter fraud !
they are trying to rig the election by having those dirty Dems vote in a Repuke district to sway the vote !!!!
OMG OMG OMG !!
KILL THEM ALL !!!" ...
So , let 's be clear as to exactly what it is that these right - wing trolls are espousing .
" It 's OK for one of our right - wing psychos to illegally vote , even after being corrected .
It 's also OK for one of our right - wing nutjobs to put false information on her Driver 's License .. but if ANY of you DIRTY LIBERALS do anything like that , you need to be executed ( for being .. stupid , uh .. ugly .. uh .. dirty .. uh .. Murika haters .. uh ) " .
So long as we 're crystal on the double standard , guys .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Margaret said on 12/8/2007 @ 2:01 pm PT ...
I 've never commented on this blog before though I read from time to time .
What surprises me most about these comments is the transparent hypocrisy that is on display from the Coulter sycophants .
Do n't sweat the small stuff , eh ?
Funny that you were all about impeaching a president over a blow job , ( not a crime ) , but want to badmouth people for attempting to hold Coulter responsible for committing a felony and for then lying about it , ( ostensibly the same reason you cheerled for Clinton 's impeachment ) but then that 's all you people are about is n't it ?
A " compromise " is when Bush gets his way , science is what the right wing says it is through the lens of religious fear mongering and intolerence and voter fraud is only a crime if someone * gasp * did it in order to vote for a Democrat or that they are of a demographic that makes people believe that they may vote Democratic .
How do you look at yourselves in the mirror without laughing ?
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 12/8/2007 @ 2:54 pm PT ...
The Ann Coulter apologists above are saying that it 's " OK " to break the law !
Can you believe it ?
I did n't know it 's " OK " to break the law !
Thanks for letting me know that !
I thought you hicks say , for the illegal immigration issue , " Illegal is Illegal " , do n't you ?
Guess " illegal ISN'T illegel " ... only if a Republican does it !
That 's called " hypocrisy " , btw ...
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... jgmurphy said on 12/8/2007 @ 2:56 pm PT ...
The hypocrisy of the Right is amazing .
These are the same folks who shriek " voter fraud ! " at anyone with a Latino - sounding last name and whine for a recall of EVRY --- I said EVERY -- Congressional race on the West Coast ( remember how they tortured poor Loretta Sanchez when she beat rightwing moonbat Bob Dornan ? ) .
But here we have a documented case of voter fraud by a rightwing Conservative and their take is " yawn , no big deal . "
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Gaspar said on 12/8/2007 @ 3:12 pm PT ...
News to you ??
She 's a NAZI .
They only ever take , they never ever pay .
She is a FRAUD of a human , much less fraud as a woman , pleeeease !
Just like with all Nazis , karma eventually triumphs .
You can not beat the law of nature forever .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Savantster said on 12/8/2007 @ 3:21 pm PT ...
" How do you look at yourselves in the mirror without laughing ? "
I 'm guessing most do n't have mirrors .. they get tired of all the crying , puking , and smashing in anger that they have to see their faces after [ insert some childhood trauma here ] happened to them , and they are disgusted with themselves .
Well , then the closet cases who want to come out but can't seem to drum up the balls ( no pun intended ) ..
Laughing implies a sense of humor , and the only time I see people on the right - wing laughing is when someone is suffering .
That should be the first clue that their wiring is TOTALLY screwed up .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... TJSwift said on 12/8/2007 @ 4:23 pm PT ...
Listen closely children .
No one , certainly not I , is suggesting that Anne Coulter should " get away " with anything .
The point here is that she was investigated by the proper authorities and found innocent .
That 's the way it works in America kids , sometimes the facts just do not meet the definitions we wish to ascribe them .
# 18 Dan :
If you thought I was harsh with Rudd ( a mere socialist ) , be sure to tune into what I have to say to Hugo Chavez & his merry band of Communist artillary goalies .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Mark A. Adams JD / MBA said on 12/8/2007 @ 4:51 pm PT ...
Hello , please see my comment above .
It 's # 12 .
The proper authorities sat on everything until the statute of limitations ran , and they did so in a way in which it would help the State Attorney avoid accountability to the voters .
Of course , the actions involved in arranging the delay may give rise to other criminal charges , but of course , those would also probably be ignored .
Unfortunately , the rule of law means nothing to our current leaders and their ignorant apologists .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Dr Eric Durand said on 12/8/2007 @ 9:32 pm PT ...
Brad Blog :
In regard to your Ann Coulter Story , you provide a " perfect case " for why the New Scientific Government Training Programs ( which reprovably - would 've prevented Every Major Disaster , since Reagan left office in 1988 - 89 --- including the $ 8 Trillion - plus Deficit ) need to be implemented , as soon as possible .
Noone on our budget ( paid to do a job ) knows what their job is .
While many would think that your Ann Coulter Story is a wild exaggeration of a slight " faux paux " for someone with as hectic a schedule as her's , as Americans , you have the right to the Representative Government you pay for .
If you 're willing to risk it ( as if you 're wrong , you owe money , minimally ) , it 's your representative government 's JOB to try it .
It 's why you 've paid taxes to build and staff a government ; and it 's criminal for them to do otherwise ..... which is the real story , even if this is a minor infraction , as regards Ann Coulter , the Major Infraction is your representative government being obstructed .
Moreover , as such " little crimes " are what BIG CRIMES are made of and how socio- economic - descent into war occurs , officially allege wrongdoing to your Grand Jury , if your allegations are correct .
If what you 've related is accurate , in fact , you should also allege that your Elections Commission is OBSTRUCTING JUSTICE ( and principal to such crimes ) .
As it 's a Scientificly - undeniable fact ( as my Scientific Entirety of the Supreme Law of the Land REPROVES ) that The Elections Commission is engaged in Misprision , Concealment , Obstruction of Justice , Malfeasance , and Principalship ( before and after the fact ) to fail to present or prevent the presentment of such allegations of wrongdoing to the Grand Jury , these are crimes you should include in your Report / Petition to them .
As well , if Ms. Coulter falsely - registered to vote , the time - limit for a Statute of Limitations to apply would begin at the time she corrected the error and cease to be applicable at the time the official allegation of wrongdoing was made ( not at the time they got around to the case ) .
This is all REPROVABLE , UNDEFEATABLE , FACT AND LAW ( any / all evidence to the contrary is wrong , illegal , fraudulent ) , so if these provisions apply , get 'em .
Of course , you should realize that Ms. Coulter may have done you and the rest of Americans ( and Floridians ) a Massive Favor , via her slight miscalculation --- by uncovering an officeholder ( or officeholders ) who not only negligently did n't know the job , but , were not of a mind to rightly perform it ( an organized , criminal , effort that jeopardizes the very Office of the President , itself ) .
Moreover , if Ms. Coulter 's infraction was n't corrected ( being known and officially reported , to someone - anyway ) , how many more , similar infractions exist that were not reported and are not known ?
Do yourself ( and the World ) a favor , if you 're of a mind to be an Investigator of Government wrongdoing and corruption , include the Scientific Government Training Programs in Every Allegation of Wrongdoing that you find and make ( as the Negligent reason that such crimes have occurred ) , and we 'll get rid of these criminals on our budget and get competent , Equal Protection of the Law , supporters and defenders in our government ( and it 's opponents out ) .
Like Dr. Einstein 's disproof of Faraday 's assertions , subatomicly , everything else was either fraud or counterfeit ( crime and debt producing or expanding , either way ) .
So too it is with these New Scientific Government Training Programs , only moreoso , there are no substitutes ----- all others ( frauds or counterfeits , as they MUST be ) are only a means of obtaining higher offices to which those doing so reprovably - do not qualify ( as those on the Federal Elections Commission and / or their appointers have , obviously done --- if your assertions are accurate ) .
You should realize , that the phenomena you relate of ( large numbers on your budget , paid via your taxes ) having knowledge of official allegations of wrongdoing and " doing nothing " ( no Grand Jury Presentments , etc. ) , if true , would be evidence of the International Crime of " Taxation Without Representation " , which the Founding Fathers historically - battled against ( I 'm sure you 've heard the phrase , even if you did n't know what it looked like , up close and personal ) ---- which would bring it under the 1950 International Crime Act ( The Anti Communist Act it 's called ) and make you qualify for the new $ 500,000 Reward of 18USC3071 ( I think it is ) , if you can prove it ---- even if Ms. Coulter 's infraction is only a " minor " piece in the Big Picture ( she may not even realize it ; and may turn " state 's evidence " , upon learning of the facts and realizing how and why they were attempting to " play " her , you should ask her ) .
While this type of activity is , obviously , how international crime has long worked to invade and dysfunction representative government , it 's longetivity does n't make it 's existence or danger any less certain .
Reserving Contractual Construction for Myself , Always : Dr. Eric Durand , Ph.D.........
{ Ed Note :
This turned into something a little too much like advertizing .
Please do n't do that .
-- 99}
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Dr Eric Durand said on 12/8/2007 @ 9:45 pm PT ...
DON'T FORGET " YOUR " $ 500,000 REWARD ...
{ SHE HASN'T GOTTEN AWAY , LEST YOU LET HER GO}
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 12/8/2007 @ 10:19 pm PT ...
Ya know Some folks just ain't too swift . . .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 12/8/2007 @ 10:31 pm PT ...
I did n't know they were allowing internet privileges at Creedmore again . . . # 29 - Are the pages nice and soft ?
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Dredd said on 12/9/2007 @ 5:19 am PT ...
The bushie doctrine is bushies walk , bushies get pardoned for grave felonies , and all others do n't .
The law in the mind of a bushie is a whip to use on non-bushies .
Now the preznit blush has applied the law of the bushies to the housing crisis which Bob Ney ( R - Prison ) started with his little judge Roy L. Bean law :
Only a fraction of the homeowners who face huge jumps in their mortgage payments appear likely to be helped by the plan , negotiated by the Bush administration , to freeze the low introductory rates on their subprime loans for five years .
( Rate Freeze ) .
All you Annie " Get Your Gun " Gannon - Guckert fans need to get in line and take your pablum .
Its beddie bye time bushies .
The rest of us are cleaning up your mess ... for one generation at least .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... cars said on 12/9/2007 @ 8:36 am PT ...
" unsubstantiated claims "
Heh , touched a nerve , did n't I ?
The slashing of van tires was in the freaking newspaper , a well - publicized incident , and the culprits went to court .
The Democrats at fault were excused and explained away - - unless we catch Ted Kennedy himself committing these misdeeds , it somehow does n't count .
And even then , their would be excuses .
We 've seen the videos of Dems giving cigs to the homeless .
The incident , despite the damning evidence , is simply denied and ignored .
We could expand this to other dubious Democratic party election activities , like rifling through opposition trash .
But every factual misdeed committed by the Democratic party is conveniently explained away as " right wing noise " .
But no matter how shrilly you scream " disinformation " , you simply can't run away from the modern Democratic party record of voter fraud .
Despite the terrified boldface warning above , do n't take my word for it , anyway .
But also do n't take the word of these silly partisans screaming " nazi " and " manure spreader " because they are emotionally incapable of dealing with dissenting speech in a free society .
Go look up the record of voter fraud , yourself .
Do some real research , instead of following contrived sets of links .
Neither major US party is completely innocent , yet Republicans are amateurs compared to the depth and breadth of Democrat fraud .
{ ED NOTE :
And yet , in five years of the BUSH Justice Department trying to prosecute every little thing that even smelled like " voter fraud " , even going so far as to fire REPUBLICAN US Attorneys for not prosecuting false cases of it , they were only able to find " Scant evidence of Voter Fraud " .
Go figure .
Guess those cheatin '
Dems are now running the Bush DoJ too .
Wicked conspiracy , that .
You have been warned about disinfo , Cars .
Knock it off , or you 're gone .
--- BF}
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Off the Grid said on 12/9/2007 @ 9:22 am PT ...
Holy shit circus batman !
ps-brad , focus on the felons in the White House , PLEASE .
pps-cars are coffins
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... TJSwift said on 12/9/2007 @ 9:29 am PT ...
# 28 " The proper authorities sat on everything until the statute of limitations ran , and they did so in a way in which it would help the State Attorney avoid accountability to the voters . "
Ahh , of course .
The Vast , Rightwing Consipracy ... and GWB was flying those planes into WTC I&II using a playstation II console modified for the purpose by Haliburton 's Mad Scientist division , right ?..... pfft . Fine , then blame the government .
Still does n't change the fact that Coulter stood under an investigation and was exonerated .
Tough taffy for you , I know , but it 's those dang facts always in the way of a really good delusion .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 12/9/2007 @ 11:15 am PT ...
Neither major US party is completely innocent ...
Yuh , and at least the Republicans are right up front in your face about it ... but the Democrats are hopelessly inept when it comes to brainwashing and , even more effective , paying people to clog the " tubes " with their perfidious talking points .
So if you 're doing it for free , you should really look into the going rate at the shill mills .
The extra cash will come in handy at the pump .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... JUDGE OF JUDGES said on 12/9/2007 @ 12:17 pm PT ...
Dem ineptness at propaganda cums from their cognitive dissonance to play with da truth .
Now a few words from our sponsor . . . 13 sec .
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 12/10/2007 @ 12:09 am PT ...
TJSwift # 36 incorrectly said : Fine , then blame the government .
Still does n't change the fact that Coulter stood under an investigation and was exonerated .
First time dealing with legal issues , Swifties ?
No , she was not exonerated , and no she did not " stand under and investigation " .
Unless you include the investigation by the Palm Beach Sheriff who dismissed the case after inappropriate and illegal interference by the FBI .
Learn the facts , son , and then get back to us .
Though I suspect facts make little difference to folks like yourself who do n't give a shit about the rule of law .
I know , but it 's those dang facts always in the way of a really good delusion .
Be careful of that petard , slick .
It 's easy to hoist ones self right down on it .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... troy k said on 12/10/2007 @ 1:16 pm PT ...
ann coulter is a man so of course he has the balls to get away with it anyone dont think hes a man check out that adams apple if it has a adams apple it has grapes and a bannana also coulter is a freak and a right wing wack job forget about the idiot
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... w.c. said on 12/10/2007 @ 2:03 pm PT ...
Did anyone actually ask Ann why she put down the wrong address ?
There may be a logical and / or even legal reason for doing so .
1 . Perhaps she was living where she stated even though she also had another address .
For example , people that just moved in with their boyfriend / girlfriend often keep their own apartment in case things do n't work out .
That way they could always return .
Where you actually live is a matter of perspective .
You may actually physically live in one place but still have your old address on all legal documents for awhile .
2 . Perhaps she put down a different address to help avoid releaving her true home address because she 's constantly being harassed by crazy people like you ?
Maybe someone should try asking her instead of hating on her because you do n't like her politics .
What a bunch of hate mongers !
This is quite an example of the kettle calling the pot black !
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... BOB YOUNG said on 12/10/2007 @ 3:26 pm PT ...
# 41 " This is quite an example of the kettle calling the pot black ! "
That sums up your post very well .
I sure did n't think you would spot that in the end as totally lost as you were along the way .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... TJSwift said on 12/10/2007 @ 5:22 pm PT ...
" No , she was not exonerated , and no she did not " stand under and investigation " .
Unless you include the investigation by the Palm Beach Sheriff who dismissed the case after inappropriate and illegal interference by the FBI . "
So , in this echo chamber my definition of " investigation " has to take your black helicopter delusion into consideration ... whooooowee .
Well it 's your site sport , whatever makes the propeller on your tinfoil hat spin is fine with me .
So , are are any of you law talking moonbats going to file a complaint against the FBI for inappropriately and illegally interfering with this capital case ?
Heh .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 12/10/2007 @ 11:39 pm PT ...
W.C. asked : Did anyone actually ask Ann why she put down the wrong address ?
Yes .
And if you bother to go back and read the series of articles at http://www.Bradblog.com/CoulterFraud you 'll hear her many different answers ( both from her own mouth , and those of her attorneys , along with the admission that she lied about it all )
There may be a logical and / or even legal reason for doing so .
There is n't .
The closest she came to " logical " is her unevidenced claim that she has dangerous " stalkers " .
That does n't hold up much given that the address she gave was that of her real estate agent who had no idea Coulter was giving out her address .
Very thoughtful if she felt herself in danger to give the address of someone else without telling them .
1 . Perhaps she was living where she stated even though she also had another address .
She was n't .
2 . Perhaps she put down a different address to help avoid releaving her true home address because she 's constantly being harassed by crazy people like you ?
See above .
Maybe someone should try asking her instead of hating on her because you do n't like her politics .
We did .
She refused to reply on order of her attorney .
Perhaps you should try asking before " hating on us " because you do n't like our politics .
What a bunch of hate mongers !
This is quite an example of the kettle calling the pot black !
Could n't have put it better myself .
Keep up the bad work .
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 12/10/2007 @ 11:44 pm PT ...
TJSwift continued his clueless streak my writing :
So , in this echo chamber my definition of " investigation " has to take your black helicopter delusion into consideration ... whooooowee .
Yes , unless you consider the FBI to be black helicopter headquarters .
It was they who announced an internal investigation into the inappropriate interference in the local investigation into Coulter 's voter fraud .
Facts .
You may wish to peruse them before making yourself look even more like a dope in your next silly posting .
So , are are any of you law talking moonbats going to file a complaint against the FBI for inappropriately and illegally interfering with this capital case ?
As mentioned , it 's already under investigation .
Give the FBI a call to check your facts .
Or keep embarrassing yourself .
Up to you .
Best of luck !
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... cars said on 12/11/2007 @ 3:43 pm PT ...
Heh !
Is this Brad character always so touchy ?
My post , at the very least , could be easily dismissed as " just one dope 's opinion " by any rational , reasonable person who believes they have a strong argument on their own side .
Yet every time I come back I find frantic , terrified boldface tacked onto my own comments -- as opposed to simply responding to me , as most bloggers do when debating commenters in their blogs .
Sorry , Brad , but your rage is impotent ...
I 'm just passing by , and do n't much care if I ever post here again .
Ban away , censor discomforting dissent , all those modern liberal anti-speech techniques we 've come to know and love .
Your argument - fu remains weak and unconvincing , and if thinking people examine the arguments you make , pick apart how much of it is simply based on your ongoing prejudices , they will find the obvious holes , mislogic , and non sequiturs .
Citing current investigation by an administration already rapped for being divisive , for instance , is obviously irrelevant .
Unless , of course , you 're insane and think the Bush administration is trying really really hard to " get " Democrats .
But , of course , you probably do .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 12/11/2007 @ 3:53 pm PT ...
Dunno , Brad .
He might be on drugs .
Ca n't seem even to make his buzzwords fit circumstances , let alone post about actual facts or honest opinion ....
I do n't think he has the ability to interact as a sentient being .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... Aion said on 12/12/2007 @ 12:12 am PT ...
So if I live in a red state where my vote will almost certainly not tip the scale , according to ' Ricky ' above , I should be able to waltz across my own border to some other state where my vote might actually make a difference ?
Or better still , how about people from heavily blue areas deciding to take buses to neighboring red states to do the same ?
What Coultergeist did was illegal .
And it is her celebrity status mixed with the fact that she is NOT a dem that got her off the hook .
Justice is NOT blind .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 12/16/2007 @ 12:31 am PT ...
Wow , liberals really chase themselves in tails .
Hey , that Borchers stalker guy has n't been around much lately , I wonder maybe Michelle Malkin may actually give him the attention Coulter did n't .
" Last month , following several incidents , including a hand - delivered obscene greeting card placed in her home mailbox , Coulter 's identifying information was removed from Palm Beach County voter and appraiser records under a state law that exempts harassment or stalking victims from public records law . "
Geez , which websites were responsible for publishing her address , obsessing about her phone numbers , memorizing her dress size , and documenting her bathroom routine just because she voted one block out of her precinct ?
She deserved amnesty from the same rules that apply to overweight liberal women that are n't stalked by Republicans - like Rosie O'Donnell .
If she would have gotten that exception years ago , then none of this would have been an issue .
Save that freeze - frame you have of her home address .
It 's not accessible to the public anymore , as it should have not been years ago when she requested so .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... sadisticon said on 12/24/2007 @ 9:39 am PT ...
It 's a crime , she knew it was a crime .
She walks ; today .
Do n't try to cover for her , she does n't pay your rent .
She is still a phony .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... ohboy said on 1/21/2008 @ 3:59 pm PT ...
Modern life means small families .
Starting about two centuries ago , families in Western Europe began to shrink , and then – country by country , continent by continent – the rest of the world followed suit .
The trend is so big that it may rein in the world population 's exponential growth , perhaps even causing it to stop growing altogether over the next century .
But exactly why families are shrinking is a mystery .
Rising living standards seem to have something to do with it .
It 's certainly true that as living standards rose in England – as children died less from diseases , as the country overall became richer – the size of the English family shrank .
When other countries became wealthier , their families shrank , too .
These days , affluent countries tend as a rule to have smaller families than poor ones .
But why should that happen ?
After all , the biological imperative to have kids is strong , and if people have more resources , you might expect them to have more kids .
As a result , some demographers have decided that the link between more wealth and fewer children has nothing to do with biology – rather , that small families are more like fads that sweep through countries when they get richer .
Yet we should n't abandon biology just yet .
The idea that wealthy nations have fewer children than poorer ones is something of an illusion .
If you look closer within the groups of people who make up those countries , it turns out wealthier people actually do tend to have more children .
In one of the most extreme examples , scientists looked at Harvard graduates worth over a million dollars .
Even among these highly successful people , the richest of them tended to have bigger families .
So there must be something more going on to create smaller families in richer countries .
And , here , biology can offer some clues .
Natural selection is not just about having a lot of kids .
After all , a parent is n't an infinite source of food and protection .
The more offspring an animal has , the less energy it can give each one .
If a hawk can't supply its chicks with enough food , they may not live long enough to have chicks of their own .
It turns out that animals have evolved a balance between offspring and effort .
Some can even adjust how many offspring they produce , depending on whether they are under stress or live comfortably .
Ruth Mace , an expert on family size at University College London , argues this week in the journal Science that humans are governed by the same kinds of rules .
When the standard of living goes up , the cost of living goes up too .
It takes a family in Addis Ababa ( the urban capitol of Ethiopia ) a lot more money to raise an additional child than a family out in the Ethiopian countryside .
That may be one reason why the population is exploding in rural Ethiopia , while in Addis Ababa it is actually shrinking .
Humans , of course , are not like other animals .
Our cultures are far more complex and powerful than those of other species .
And Mace suggests that human culture may drive the cost of raising children up with no end in sight .
In an affluent country , raising children becomes much more than providing enough food to eat .
Parents can also send their kids to college to prepare for well - paying jobs , for example .
The benefits they enjoy can be great , but the investment is as well , as any parent who has signed a tuition check will attest .
But the more affluent a country gets , the more things parents come to see as essential for raising children .
If Mace is right , then as long as the world keeps creeping out of poverty , families will continue to shrink .
How small they can go is an open question .
But perhaps we should stop thinking of families with only children as some odd fluke of neurotic New York life .
It 's just human biology played out to a logical extreme .
\—
Carl Zimmer won the 2007 National Academies Communications Award for his writing in The New York Times and elsewhere .
His next book , Microcosm : E. coli and the New Science of Life , will be published in May .
Israel and the Palestinian factions in Gaza have reached an understanding that would lead to a ceasefire in the area , Palestinian sources in the Strip told Ynet Sunday .
Gaza Casualty Soldier hurt in Gaza explosion dies
Ynet reporters Givati soldier Liran Banai , 20 , critically wounded after Palestinians detonate explosive device near IDF jeep in Gaza last week , succumbs to his wounds in Soroka hospital Sunday .
IDF tracker killed in incident Soldier hurt in Gaza explosion dies
According to the sources , the lull has already gone into effect this weekend , during which only one rocket was fired on Israel 's southern communities .
The Prime Minister 's Office on said that it was " unfamiliar with any agreement on a ceasefire with Hamas . "
According to a statement issued by the PMO , " The policy has remained unchanged , as decided by the cabinet and as the prime minister said : ' If they do n’t shoot , we wo n't shoot . '
We do not wake up in the morning and think about ways to attack them . "
The IDF refused to comment on the report .
In exchange for the suspension of rocket attacks , the sources said , Israel has committed to halting ground operations and air strikes in Gaza .
" Throughout the weekend , and for the first time in many weeks , not a single army aircraft has been sighted over Gaza , " a Palestinian source reported .
He estimated that negotiations over expanding the calm would continue , and may also include a resumption of talks on the release of kidnapped Israeli soldier Gilad Shalit , who is held in the Strip .
' Egypt mediates in negotiations '
The recent understandings between Israel and Hamas ' representatives are reportedly the result of pressure exerted by Egypt and Qatar .
Amos Gilad , head of the political - security branch at the Defense Ministry , will depart for Cairo Sunday to discuss the situation in the territories with his Egyptian counterparts .
Gaza sources claimed that Gilad 's visit to Egypt indicates that indirect talks between Hamas and Israel were taking place .
Meanwhile , the London - based al - Hayat newspaper reported Sunday that Egypt has drafted a comprehensive plan for restoring the calm in the territories .
The plan calls for lifting the blockade imposed on the Gaza Strip and opening the border crossings with Israel , in exchange for a Palestinian suspension of rocket fire on the western Negev .
The paper quoted Egyptian diplomatic sources , who stated that the Egyptian plan has been endorsed by the US and Europe .
Roee Nahmias contributed to the report
The phone rings .
Hillary Rodham Clinton picks it up .
" Yes ? "
" Hillary , it 's Silda Wall Spitzer .
Sorry to call so late .
Eliot 's still not home .
Based on your experience , what should I do ? "
UPDATE : Welcome , visitors from Andrew Sullivan , Conservative Grapevine and Reddit !
Hope you make it back !
Labels : Eliot Spitzer , Hillary Clinton , prostitution , sex scandal
An Ontario woman who has languished in a Mexican jail for more than two years told CBC News on Wednesday that her endless imprisonment has her on the verge of collapse .
Brenda Martin could face 15 more years in jail if convicted of money laundering and conspiracy .
She says she is innocent .
( ( CBC ) )
Brenda Martin , speaking through tears in an interview inside the jail near the city of Guadalajara , said she feels sick and fears she 's having a nervous breakdown .
" I 'm hoping that there will be some compassion somewhere to know that I 've served this time , sufficient time , and they will let me go , " she said , sobbing loudly as she dabbed her eyes with tissue .
" I ca n't take any more . "
Martin , who 's from Trenton , has been in jail since February 2006 , when she was charged with money laundering and conspiracy .
Authorities said she was part of a multimillion - dollar internet fraud scheme run by her boss , Alyn Richard Waage of Alberta .
He hired Martin as a chef in 2001 and she worked for him for 10 months in the city of Puerto Vallarta .
" I 've been treated like I 'm the mastermind of this whole business , " Martin , 51 , said .
" I 'm a nobody really , I was the chef , I did n't work in the office . "
Even Waage has confirmed Martin 's story .
He gave a sworn affidavit affirming that Martin had no knowledge of his operations .
He pleaded guilty in 2005 to fraud and is serving a 10 - year sentence in a U.S. jail .
The Canadian government , after being criticized for doing too little for Martin , intervened in her case Tuesday .
Foreign Affairs Minister Maxime Bernier called his Mexican counterpart to ask that the woman 's case be resolved as soon as possible , while his office has reportedly sent a diplomatic note to Mexican authorities .
But Martin 's good friend back in Canada fears the note wo n't be enough to convince Mexico to let Martin go .
" My concern is that the diplomatic note may be a little limp , " Debra Tieleman said in Cambridge , Ont .
" I think at this point in time , we need to take a very strong stand with Mexico .
We have to stand up and say , ' We 're not going to allow a Canadian to be treated this way ' . "
Former PM takes up Martin 's case
Former prime minister Paul Martin got involved in Martin 's case this week , visiting her on Wednesday while in Mexico for a conference on global governance reform .
" Mr. Martin felt that it was important to see her , to comfort her , to do anything he could to help keep her spirits up during this terrible ordeal , " the former prime minister 's spokesman , Jim Pimblett , said in an e-mail to CBCNews.ca .
" He told her that Canadians are worried about her and thinking about her . "
The former prime minister , who is of no relation to Martin , was accompanied on the journey with Canadian consul general Robin Dubeau .
The two men reported that Martin seemed distraught and appeared to have lost a great deal of weight .
Following the 45 - minute visit , the former prime minister met with the director of the prison where he expressed concern about Martin 's health and physical environment .
The former prime minister also raised the issue with senior Mexican government officials Tuesday , including the vice - minister of foreign affairs , Pimblett said .
Martin is under 24 - hour suicide watch after threatening to kill herself if the Mexican government does not release her .
She has been heavily sedated during parts of her incarceration .
An attempt to have charges against Martin dropped based on a constitutional challenge has been dismissed by a Mexican Federal Court .
Her lawyer said Tuesday they are still deciding whether to appeal the decision .
If convicted of the charges against her , Martin could face 15 more years in a Mexican prison , her lawyer said .
Actual medical error reporting by doctors to hospitals seems to occur less than it should when compared to physicians ' views on whether they should report such errors , University of Iowa researchers said in the Jan. 14 issue of the Archives of Internal Medicine .
A related University of Iowa - led study , published in the May 2007 issue of the Journal of General Internal Medicine , found a similar , although smaller , gap between physicians ' attitudes and actual actions in the disclosing of medical errors to patients .
Information from the two studies , which were based on surveys of doctors in teaching hospitals , shows an apparent disconnect between error disclosure to patients and error reporting to hospitals and points to the need for a more integrated view of medical error communication , said Lauris Kaldjian , M.D. , Ph.D. , associate professor of internal medicine at the University of Iowa Carver College of Medicine .
As an example , 41 percent of physicians in the earlier study said they actually had disclosed a minor error to a patient but only 18 percent of physicians in the current study said they had reported a minor error to their hospital .
" Taken together , the findings indicate that physicians have more experience talking to patients about medical errors than reporting them to hospitals , " said Kaldjian , who also is director of the college 's Program in Biomedical Ethics and Medical Humanities .
" It may be that physicians find it more important or meaningful to talk to patients about mistakes and may not see as much value in communicating the same mistakes to a reporting system , " he added .
advertisement
Kaldjian points out that disclosing errors to patients relates directly to real - time patient care , while reporting errors to institutions is directed toward improving the care of future patients .
" It is important that we try to find a way to accomplish both kinds of error communication , " he said .
Kaldjian and co-investigators received survey responses from 338 physician participants from different regions in the United States .
Among them , 73 percent said they would report to their institution a hypothetical error resulting in minor harm , and 92 percent said they would report a hypothetical error resulting in major harm .
However , in actuality few physicians have reported a minor error -- 18 percent -- or a major error -- 4 percent -- to their hospital .
In addition , 17 percent acknowledged not reporting an actual minor error and 4 percent acknowledged not reporting an actual major error .
The discrepancy between attitude and action is particularly notable , Kaldjian said , given that the survey showed that 84 percent of physicians believe error reporting can improve the quality of care .
The answer to the gap may lie partly in other findings from the survey , he noted : Only 55 percent of the respondents knew how to report errors , and only 39 percent knew what kinds of errors to report .
" The fact that nearly every physician is likely to make a minor error at some point in his or her career , taken together with the lack of understanding on how and what to report , indicates we need to clarify what errors should be reported and how to report them , " he said .
advertisement
Half the respondents said they would report errors if they knew they would receive feedback , and individuals who had been involved in malpractice cases were not less likely to report hypothetical errors .
" While it is encouraging that even doctors who have been sued are still inclined to report errors , there still is widespread concern that any disclosure might put a doctor at risk of malpractice litigation , " Kaldjian said .
In addition , the study results indicated that a doctor 's prior experience with reporting medical errors to his or her hospital seemed to reinforce reporting behavior .
Respondents who had actually reported a minor medical error in the past were more likely to indicate that they would report hypothetical errors .
Kaldjian said that while the study results may not generalize to non-teaching hospitals , the patient safety movement that came into full force around 2000 clearly depends on how medical errors or mistakes are handled .
" We can fix a system only if we know what is wrong , " he said .
" We 're gathering information about errors in order to improve systems and reduce errors .
If a doctor does not report an error , then we miss an opportunity to gather potentially important information about health care delivery , and the ability to improve is compromised .
" We should also recognize that a physician 's willingness to be straightforward about errors depends on their beliefs about errors and the value of error communication , so we should think creatively about ways to encourage clinicians to draw upon the personal and professional commitments that can motivate error reporting in the midst of countervailing pressures , " he added .
The study was funded by the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation 's Generalist Physician Faculty Scholars Program through a grant to Kaldjian .
In addition , the study involved investigators with the Center for Research in the Implementation of Innovative Strategies in Practice at the Department of Veterans Affairs Iowa City Health Care System ; Hospital of St. Raphael in New Haven , Conn . ; Yale University School of Medicine ; and Penn State College of Medicine and Hershey Medical Center .
Template Haskell , argument munging and operads , part I [ Mar. 5th , 2008 | 10:37 am ] pozorvlak
[ The hope was that this post would come in three somewhat independent sections : one pure programming , in which we develop a small utility in Template Haskell ; one largely mathematics , at the upper - level high school to beginning undergraduate level , wherein we describe another approach to constructing our utility ; and one purely mathematical , more sophisticated but fairly handwavy , wherein I relate all this stuff to my research interests and describe where it leads .
The idea was that you could skip the code and jump to the maths , or read the code and skip the maths , or whatever .
However , just the first section has now taken far longer than I 'd budgeted , both in time and in space , so I 'll save the other two for a later post . ]
In a recent post , Hitesh Jasani writes about Haskell 's flip operator , which takes a function f and returns a function which behaves like f with the order of its first two arguments reversed .
So ( flip f ) x y z w = f y x z w ( we write function application without brackets , as is customary in Haskell ) .
I pointed out to Hitesh that actually , we could write such a function in almost any language which supports higher - order functions , and in dynamic languages ( like Perl or Lisp ) we can go further , and write a function argmunge , which accepts two functions and permutes the arguments of the first one ( the " victim " ) according to the second ( the " munger " ) .
So ( argmunge f g ) x 1 x 2 x 3 x 4 ... = f x g 1 x g 2 x g 3 x g 4 ...
Here 's an implementation of argmunge in Perl , and some code to exercise it : sub argmunge { my $ func = shift ; my $ munger = shift ; # not necessarily a permutation return sub { $ func ->( @_ [ @$munger ] ) ; } } sub myprint { print " Called with args " . join ( " , " , @_ ) . "
" ; } argmunge ( \&myprint , [ 2,5,5,6 ] ) - > ( 0,1,2,3,4,5,6 ) ; argmunge ( \&myprint , [ 3,2,1 ] ) ->( " fred " , " barney " , " betty " , " wilma " ) ;
When run , this displays Called with args 2 , 5 , 5 , 6 Called with args wilma , betty , barney
Here we do n't pass the munger in as a function , but rather as a list of values [ g ( 0 ) , g ( 1 ) , ... , g( n ) ] .
I 'm prouder of that code than I probably should be , because it relies on some nice Perl features to work as it does ; namely , Perl 's argument - passing convention ( in which all arguments are passed to a function as a single array called @_ ) , list slicing ( in which you can index into a list with another list ) , and list flattening ( in which inclusion of one list in another splices the inner list into the outer list , resulting in a flat list ) .
I remarked that it would n't be possible to write a general argmunger in Haskell , because the type of the result depends crucially on the actual value of the munging function .
It ought to be possible to write one in a dependently - typed language like Cayenne - anyone care to do so ?
[ Edit : it 's possible to write an even nicer version in Arc . ]
Anyway , it may not be possible in vanilla Haskell , but it is possible using templates , provided the munging function is known at compile - time .
Unfortunately , several features of Haskell make the approach we used for Perl non-viable : Pervasive currying , in which every function actually takes only one argument and returns another function that will consume the rest of the arguments .
Lists are homogeneous : it 's not possible ( at least at my level of knowledge ) to construct a list with elements of varying types .
Tuple types exist , whose elements can be of mixed type , but support for them is poor .
I 'm not trying to be critical ; all of these things are consequences of features that are usually beneficial .
But all engineering decisions are trade - offs , and unfortunately we 've hit a lot of downsides all at once here .
Still , hope remains .
We have at least three options : programmatically construct a lambda - expression , like the zipN example in the original TH paper ;
example in the original TH paper ; curry everything into ( a , ( big , ( nested , tuple ) ) ) , and then unpack it using something like Audrey Tang 's code from the TH wiki ;
decompose the munging function into a chain of flips , face and degeneracy maps , and then call that chain on the victim function .
More on this approach in a later post .
Of the three , I like the first one best .
Let 's generate the expansion by hand for a simple case , apply the runQ trick to see what its parse tree looks like , and then write the generating code .
Our simple case will be : argmunge [ 0,2,1,1 ] = \f a0 a 1 a 2 a 3 -> f a0 a 2 a 1 a1 Applying the runQ trick gives Prelude > :m +Language.Haskell.TH Prelude Language.Haskell .TH > runQ [| \f a0 a 1 a 2 a 3 -> f a0 a 2 a 1 a 1 | ]
Loading package template - haskell ... linking ... done .
LamE [ VarP f_0 , VarP a0_1 , VarP a 1_2 , VarP a 2_3 , VarP a 3 _4 ]
( AppE ( AppE ( AppE ( AppE ( VarE f_0 ) ( VarE a 0_1 ) ) ( VarE a 2_3 ) ) ( VarE a 1_2 ) ) ( VarE a 1_2 ) )
By the way , you can turn that stuff back into readable code by applying the " pprint " function , only you have to be careful : a naive attempt to do so with the above will trigger errors saying that a0 _1 , f_0 etc are all out of scope .
You have to replace any variables or functions with calls to mkName , like so : Prelude Language .Haskell.TH > runQ [ | 3 + 4 |]
InfixE ( Just ( LitE ( IntegerL 3 ) ) ) ( VarE GHC. Num .+) ( Just ( LitE ( IntegerL 4 ) ) ) Prelude Language .
Haskell .TH > pprint $ InfixE ( Just ( LitE ( IntegerL 3 ) ) ) ( VarE mkName " + " ) ( Just ( LitE ( IntegerL 4 ) ) ) " 3 + 4 " OK , so we 're going to want to construct a lambda expression using LamE , and the first argument it takes is the list of arguments to the lambda expression .
As a first cut , let 's try argmunge munger = LamE ( f:args ) -- rest of code here where f = VarP ( mkName " f " ) args = map ( VarP.mkName . ( 'a ' : ) . show ) [ 0 .. ( length munger ) - 1 ]
Now , the " rest of code here " bit needs to be a data - structure made of nested AppE 's : perhaps we can construct this with a fold .
A quick :t AppE in GHCi revealed that it has type Exp -> Exp ->
Exp : perfect .
But do I want foldl or foldr ?
I can never remember what they both mean .
But here 's a nice trick I saw on the web recently : Prelude Language .
Haskell .TH > let evshow x y = " ( f " ++ x ++ " " ++ y ++ " ) " Prelude Language.Haskell .TH > evshow " 3 " " 4 " " (f 3 4 ) " Prelude Language .
Haskell .TH > foldl evshow " 5 " $ map show [ 0 .. 3 ] " ( f ( f ( f ( f 5 0 ) 1 ) 2 ) 3 ) " Prelude Language .
Haskell .TH > foldr evshow " 5 " $ map show [ 0 .. 3 ] " ( f 0 ( f 1 ( f 2 ( f 3 5 ) ) ) ) " Prelude Language .Haskell .TH > foldl1 evshow $ map show [ 0 .. 3 ] " ( f ( f ( f 0 1 ) 2 ) 3 ) " Looks like I want either foldl or foldl1 .
By the way , GHCi got about a million times more useful to me when I discovered that you could define new functions and variables in it using let , which I learned from a post in michiexile at best an eighth of a Haskell programmer , and so I may on occasion spell out things that you think are obvious : besides , nothing is trivial .
So , let 's try argmunge munger = LamE ( f:args ) ( foldl AppE f mungedargs ) as our main body .
But what does GHC think ?
Prelude Language.Haskell.TH > :l ArgMunge.hs [ 1 of 1 ] Compiling ArgMunge ( ArgMunge.hs , interpreted ) ArgMunge.hs :9:14 : Not in scope : ` VarP.mkName '
Drat it - GHC thinks that VarP.mkName is a call to a function called mkName in a module called VarP , not the composite of the constructor VarP and the function mkName .
That 's easy enough to fix - put spaces around the dot .
But then ...
ArgMunge.hs :7:44 : Could n't match expected type ` Exp ' against inferred type ` Pat '
In the second argument of `foldl ' , namely `f '
In the second argument of ` LamE ' , namely `( foldl AppE f mungedargs ) '
In the expression : LamE ( f : args ) ( foldl AppE f mungedargs )
Failed , modules loaded : none .
Bunch of arse .
Looking more closely ( and checking the type of VarP ) , I see the problem : I 've constructed a load of pattern variables , when what it wanted was a load of expression variables , constructed using VarE .
OK , so let 's try argmunge munger = LamE lhs rhs where lhs = map VarP ( f:argVars ) rhs = foldl1 AppE $ map VarE ( f:mungedargs ) mungedargs = [ argVars !!
munge_i | munge_i <- munger ] argVars = map ( mkName . ( 'a ' : ) . show ) [ 0 .. ( length munger ) - 1 ] f = mkName " f " Will GHC accept it ?
Prelude Language.Haskell.TH > :l ArgMunge.hs [ 1 of 1 ] Compiling ArgMunge ( ArgMunge.hs , interpreted )
Ok , modules loaded : ArgMunge .
Yay !
Let 's test it .
* ArgMunge > :m + Language .Haskell.TH * ArgMunge Language .Haskell .TH > pprint argmunge [ 0,2,1,1 ] < interactive >: 1:0 : Could n't match expected type ` [ t1 ] -> t ' against inferred type ` String '
In the expression : pprint argmunge [ 0 , 2 , 1 , 1 ]
In the definition of `it ' : it = pprint argmunge [ 0 , 2 , 1 , 1 ] Gah !
That always catches me out .
* ArgMunge Language .Haskell .TH > pprint $ argmunge [ 0,2,1,1 ] " \\f a0 a 1 a 2 a 3 -> f a0 a 2 a 1 a 1 " Zonino !
On trying to splice it , I discover again that actually , $ ( ) requires its arguments to be in the Q monad , so I actually need to change argmunge so there 's a return applied to LamE lhs rhs .
Fix that , then try :t $ ( argmunge [ 0,2, 1,1 ] ) : it returns ( t -> t2 -> t1 -> t1 -> t4 ) -> t -> t1 -> t2 -> t3 -> t4 , which surprised me for a while but is actually what I wanted .
But how about :t $ ( argmunge [ 0, 3, 2,4 ] ) ?
< interactive >: 1:2 : Exception when trying to run compile - time code : Prelude .(!! ) : index too large Code : let argmunge = argmunge Q $ dMonad $ dMonad = Language .
Haskell.TH.Syntax.$f20 in argmunge [ 0 , 3 , 2 , 4 ]
And I realise at this point that I 've forgotten something major : you need to specify what arity you want the result function to have .
Let 's try again .
argmunge munger arity = return ( LamE lhs rhs ) where lhs = map VarP ( f:argVars ) rhs = foldl1 AppE $ map VarE ( f:mungedargs ) mungedargs = [ argVars !!
munge_i | munge_i <- munger ] argVars = map ( mkName . ( 'a ' : ) . show ) [ 0 .. arity - 1 ] f = mkName " f " * ArgMunge Language.Haskell .TH > :t $ ( argmunge [ 0,3, 2,4 ]
5 ) $ ( argmunge [ 0,3,2,4 ]
5 ) :: ( t -> t3 -> t2 -> t4 -> t5 ) -> t -> t1 -> t2 -> t3 -> t4 -> t5 Looks good !
Let 's test it : * ArgMunge Language .
Haskell .TH > let concat4 a b c d = concat [ a , b , c , d ] * ArgMunge Language.Haskell.TH > $ ( argmunge [ 0,3, 2,4 ] 5 ) concat4 " a " " b " " c " " d " " e " " adce " Hurrah !
We should probably put in some error - handling code to make the " wrong arity passed " error less opaque , though .
And ( he discovers , belatedly ) there 's no need for an explicit return : instead , one can use the lowercase wrapper functions lamE , appE , varE etc , which return their results already in the Q monad .
Also , I do n't think there 's any possibility of variable capture here , as we 're immediately wrapping all our variables in a lambda expression , but it can't hurt to use gensyms for practice .
* implements *
Actually , yes it can .
After quite a bit of debugging and grovelling around checking the types of things , I was able to come up with import Control .
Monad argmunge munger arity = ( lift M2 LamE ) lhs rhs where lhs = mapM ( liftM VarP ) ( f:argVars ) rhs = foldl1 appE $ map ( liftM VarE ) ( f:mungedargs ) mungedargs = [ argVars !!
munge_i | munge_i <- munger ] argVars = [ newName " a " | i <- [ 0 .. arity - 1 ] ] f = newName " f " but since it 's uglier than what was there before and fixes a bug that does n't , as far as I can tell , actually exist , I 'll revert it .
Note , by the way , that I had to use liftM instead of fmap : though the docs claim that Q is an instance of Functor , they appear to be full of lies .
Is there actually meant to be any difference between liftM and fmap , by the way ?
Or rather , if M is an instance of both Functor and Monad , should its implementation of fmap be equal to its implementation of liftM ?
Implementing the error handling was also tricky : the recover function in TH returns something of type Q ( ) , so you need to bind it to something of the expected type with ( >> ) before it will typecheck .
There did n't seem to be any sensible choices , so I just stuck with the usual expansion .
So now the user gets my custom error message and the lower - level " array index out of bounds " message : maybe both will be helpful .
The full code is now as follows : argmunge munger arity | and [ i `elem` [ 0 .. arity - 1 ] | i <- munger ] = lamE lhs rhs | otherwise = report True " argmunge : illegal argument number " >>
lamE lhs rhs where lhs = map varP ( f:argVars ) rhs = foldl1 appE $ map varE ( f:mungedargs ) mungedargs = [ argVars !!
munge_i | munge_i <- munger ] argVars = map ( mkName . ( 'a ' : ) . show ) [ 0 .. arity - 1 ] f = mkName " f " Whew !
Compare that to the original Perl version .
I 'm sure there are ways this code could be improved , but I 've spent far too long on this post already .
The final code can be found here .
As always , all suggestions for how I could improve my code or my development practices are gratefully received !
While the Iraqi government continued its large - scale military assault in Basra , the NPR reporter ’s voice from Iraq was unequivocal on the morning of March 27 : " There is no doubt that this operation needed to happen . "
Such flat - out statements , uttered with journalistic tones and without attribution , are routine for the U.S. media establishment .
In the War Made Easy documentary film , I put it this way : " If you ’re pro-war , you ’re objective .
But if you ’re antiwar , you ’re biased .
And often , a news anchor will get no flak at all for making statements that are supportive of a war and would n’t dream of making a statement that ’s against a war . "
So it goes at NPR News , where  on Morning Edition as well as the evening program All Things Considered  the sense and sensibilities tend to be neatly aligned with the outlooks of official Washington .
The critical aspects of reporting largely amount to complaints about policy shortcomings that are tactical ; the underlying and shared assumptions are imperial .
Washington ’s prerogatives are evident when the media window on the world is tinted red - white - and - blue .
Earlier in the week  a few days into the sixth year of the Iraq war  All Things Considered aired a discussion with a familiar guest .
" To talk about the state of the war and how the U.S. military changes tactics to deal with it , " said longtime anchor Robert Siegel , " we turn now to retired Gen .
Robert Scales , who ’s talked with us many times over the course of the conflict . "
This is the sort of introduction that elevates a guest to truly expert status  conveying to the listeners that expertise and wisdom , not just opinions , are being sought .
Siegel asked about the progression of assaults on U.S. troops over the years : " How have the attacks and the countermeasures to them evolved ? "
Naturally , Gen. Scales responded with the language of a military man .
" The enemy has built ever - larger explosives , " he said .
" They ’ve found clever ways to hide their IEDs , their roadside bombs , and even more diabolical means for detonating these devices . "
We ’d expect a retired American general to speak in such categorical terms  referring to " the enemy " and declaring in a matter - of - fact tone that attacks on U.S. troops became even more " diabolical . "
But what about an American journalist ?
Well , if the American journalist is careful to function with independence instead of deference to the Pentagon , then the journalist ’s assumptions will sound different than the outlooks of a high - ranking U.S. military officer .
In this case , an independent reporter might even be willing to ask a pointed question along these lines :
You just used the word " diabolical " to describe attacks on the U.S. military by Iraqis , but would that ever be an appropriate adjective to use to describe attacks on Iraqis by the U.S. military ?
In sharp contrast , what happened during the All Things Considered discussion on March 24 was a conversation of shared sensibilities .
The retired U.S. Army general discussed the war effort in terms notably similar to those of the ostensibly independent journalist  who , along the way , made the phrase " the enemy " his own in a follow - up question .
It would n’t be fair to judge an entire news program on the basis of a couple of segments .
But I ’m a frequent listener to All Things Considered and Morning Edition .
Such cozy proximity of worldviews , blanketing the war - maker and the war reporter , is symptomatic of what ails NPR ’s war coverage  especially from Washington .
Of course , there are exceptions .
Occasional news reports stray from the narrow baseline .
But the essence of the propaganda function is repetition , and the exceptional does not undermine that function .
To add insult to injury , NPR calls itself public radio .
It ’s supposed to be willing to go where commercial networks fear to tread .
But overall , when it comes to politics and war , the range of perspectives on National Public Radio is n’t any wider than what we encounter on the avowedly commercial networks .
The mayor of Sderot , an Israeli town repeatedly targeted by rockets fired from the Gaza Strip , says in order to save Israeli lives he is ready to talk to Hamas - despite the international ban on contact with the militant Palestinian organisation .
" I would say to Hamas , let 's have a ceasefire , let 's stop the rockets for the next 10 years and we will see what happens , " said Eli Moyal , the mayor , who is a member of the rightwing Likud party .
" For me as a person the most important thing is life and I 'm ready to do everything for that .
I 'm ready to talk to the devil . "
Last week a child lost a leg in a rocket attack on Sderot .
Moyal 's first response was to call for the assassination of the Hamas leadership and for Gaza villages to be razed .
But now he is ready for a different tactic .
His call for talks comes as Israel 's blockade on the Hamas - controlled Gaza strip is under international pressure .
Senior UN officials agree in private that a political deal with Hamas will be necessary to end the rocket attacks on Sderot .
Without a political solution or a ceasefire , " it 's quite hard to see how it 's going to change in the future except that possibly it will get worse , " one official said .
Over the past two months an average of 50 rockets a week have landed in Sderot , more than double the weekly average in 2006 when 946 rockets hit the town .
Since 2001 , when Gazan militants first launched makeshift rockets at neighbouring towns in Israel , 12 people have died in such attacks .
And there have been increasingly vocal calls for the Israeli military to reinvade Gaza in response .
A poll last week showed a majority of Israelis want the military to respond even though many do not believe it will stop the attacks .
The army withdrew from Gaza in 2005 when Israel evacuated its illegal settlements .
Air strikes targeting militants continue .
It has made several incursions .
Israel has tried to isolate Hamas since the group won elections in 2006 , and imposed a crippling economic blockade on Gaza in June 2007 after Hamas violently seized control of the strip and ousted Fatah , which is headed by the Palestinian president , Mahmoud Abbas .
But Israel has continued negotiating for the release of Gilad Shalit , a soldier captured in 2006 , which requires Hamas 's approval .
Pressure is mounting in the EU for Israel to end its blockade .
On Thursday the European parliament passed a resolution calling on Israel to stop " collectively punishing " Palestinians in Gaza - a " policy of isolation " that dfailed , it said .
Moyal said Israel was at risk of losing the moral high ground if political pressure for a massive military operation grows .
" Maybe one day in the future we will lose our patience and our values and invade , " he said .
" Imagine 20 kids [ in Sderot ] being killed in a kindergarten by a missile - then the Israel government would have to act and would lose its morality .
If we do n't talk we go deeper and deeper into war .
If we do n't talk we should fight . "
He added that a major military escalation would be needed to stop the rockets and that would come at the price of " innocent people being killed on both sides " .
The rise in rocket attacks has triggered two weeks of demonstrations in Jerusalem and Tel Aviv by Sderot 's residents .
Mark Regev , a spokesman for the Israeli prime minister , Ehud Olmert , said there were no " simple quick fixes " but that Hamas could stop the rockets tomorrow .
" Obviously from the point of view of the people of Sderot we are not doing enough , " he said , adding that Israel would talk to Hamas if it met the UN demands of renouncing violence , recognising Israeli statehood and supporting peace .
Moyal said he was approached by an Israeli intermediary to engage in talks with Hamas in Egypt but the meeting fell through owing to it being " complicated " .
" I believe that if they call me again I will be ready to do it .
I will do the best I can to have that meeting , " he added .
Israel holds the Hamas leadership responsible for all rockets fired from Gaza , including those launched by other militant groups .
Autonet Mobile´s in - car Internet device is available in many Avis rental cars .
Credit : Autonet Mobile .
If the thought of a long road trip without full Internet access makes you jittery , a new in - car Internet connection could fulfill your high - speed needs .
Novatel Wireless , a leading provider of wireless broadband solutions , has recently announced a partnership with Autonet Mobile , the first Internet Service Provider for cars .
The duo plans to offer next - generation wireless connectivity for any vehicle , anywhere in North America .
The technology will combine Novatel 's next - gen modules with the CDMA EV - DO Rev A wireless network to connect moving vehicles to the Internet , essentially turning cars into traveling Wi -Fi hotspots .
The network exists throughout North America , and can provide a high - speed broadband connection , with speeds similar to a home DSL line , regardless of geographic location .
Cars or people up to 100 feet away could even be able to tap into the connection .
With the system , passengers could use laptops , PCs , cell phones , or any other Wi-Fi-enabled device to access the Internet .
The technology is also compatible with any operating system that supports Wi - Fi , including Windows , Mac , Linux and Solaris .
The system supports just about any activity that could be done with a stationary connection , including surfing Web sites , watching movies , and playing online games .
Autonet Mobile currently provides Avis Rent - a- Car customers with the Avis Connect service , a patent - pending TRU mobile IP platform that uses the 3G cellular network to connect to the Internet .
The device works in about 95 % of the US , including all major metropolitan areas .
Avis customers pay an additional $ 11 per day for the service .
Autonet Mobile is also taking pre-orders for the current module on its
Web site , at a price of about $ 600 , and a monthly service charge starting at $ 39 .
In the future , combining Autonet´s experience with Novatel´s new Expedite E725 Express Mini Cad Module will hopefully lead to a faster , compact , and more efficient development process , and better technology .
The companies also plan to work with auto manufacturers to bring the wireless Internet service to the automotive industry .
AutoNet Mobile has already completed a sales agreement with its first auto dealership , the Price Family Dealer Group in California .
More information : www.autonetmobile.com and www.novatelwireless.com
via : Information Week
Explore further 5G wireless may lead to inaccurate weather forecasts
What some of the more memorable Oscar speeches from the last 20 years would sound like if the speakers had been dosed with truth serum .
ONE - SENTENCE SUMMARY OF ACTUAL SPEECH : " One small statue for Denzel , one giant leap for me and the three other black actors in Hollywood . "
WHAT WOULD'VE BEEN MORE ACCURATE : " I have played dignified black men my entire career : a wrongly accused boxer fighting for justice , an accomplished general in the Persian Gulf , a conflicted prosecutor in Philadelphia , and for all of that I get jack shit .
But in Training Day I say " mawfuckah " and shoot people , and all of the sudden everyone in Hollywood is up on their feet saying ' Get that man an Oscar !
That 's how you portray a Negro ! '
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
You probably expected me to get up here , dance around like Cuba did , maybe put my Oscar on a gold chain around my neck and recite the first verse of ' Momma Said Knock You Out . '
Well this is one black man who will no longer compromise his integrity for a little golden eunuch .
Unless , of course , Disney offers me a role in an old - timey tale of an underdog triumphing against adversity .
That shit 's like kryptonite to me . "
ONE - SENTENCE SUMMARY OF ACTUAL SPEECH : " I have blown my brother . "
WHAT WOULD'VE BEEN MORE ACCURATE : " I 'd like to thank my father , Jon Voight , for banging my mom-- it opened up countless doors in Hollywood for me .
Without nepotism , I 'd be like the rest of the vast majority of mildly - talented actresses with great racks -- praying for a role where I pretend to blow a dude with a barbed - wire tattoo on Cinemax .
Instead I get to come to the Oscars and pretend to have blown my brother .
Which is somehow , better .
Thanks , dad ! "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
ONE - SENTENCE SUMMARY OF ACTUAL SPEECH : " I had a gay theater teacher , and I hope my kids have teachers just as gay as him . "
WHAT WOULD'VE BEEN MORE HONEST : " Ignorance occurs when people are too afraid to talk about something .
Well , if this little golden statue has earned me anything , I 'd like to think it earned me the courage to talk about something that most people in Hollywood are too afraid to discuss .
Something that I never would have thought to talk about before this film .
Ladies and gentlemen , I am NOT gay .
I had a gay theater teacher in high school , and he was cool , and I hope my kids have a teacher as cool , and possibly as gay as him .
But you 'll notice there that I said I had kids .
The sort that come out of women who 've had sex with men .
Heterosexual men like me .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
I took this role because my agent told me it would be brave .
Had I known that every stage designer from Chelsea would be taking it as documentary evidence that I wanted to have sex with him on the set of Sleepless in Seattle I would have just made Joe vs. the Volcano 2 : Joe vs. the Predator like I had planned .
In closing , I 'd just like to reiterate that gay guys are great .
And I would be totally fine with it if they taught my kids .
But the fact that I have kids proves that I have vaginal sex with women .
Thank you . "
ONE - SENTENCE SUMMARY OF ACTUAL SPEECH : " I love my grandmother and Oprah and I 'm not afraid to cry ! "
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
WHAT WOULD'VE BEEN MORE ACCURATE : " First , I want to thank Ray Charles for dying recently .
Without his well - timed and highly publicized death , I would n't be standing here in front of you today .
[ Weeps , looks skyward ]
Thank you , Ray .
I 'd also like to thank random chance , for making me kind of look like Ray Charles .
Well , not really that much like him , but , combined with the fact that Denzel was booked , and if you squint real hard , I 'm close enough - - it worked .
The education secretary , Alan Johnson , has come under fire for recommending the use of the free online encyclopedia Wikipedia for schoolwork .
Wikipedia , which launched in 2001 , is written by volunteers .
Anyone can edit or add to entries , which means the potential for misinformation is huge .
In January , the site had roughly 7 m entries , in 251 languages .
Mr Johnson described the internet as an " incredible force for good in education " at yesterday 's annual conference of the National Association of Schoolteachers and Union of Women Teachers ( NASWUT ) in Belfast .
" Wikipedia enables anybody to access information which was once the preserve of those who could afford the subscription to Encyclopedia Britannica and were prepared to navigate its maze of indexes and content pages , " he said .
" Modern technology enables a whole range of new educational tools to be used by pupils , teachers and schools . "
But teachers and the website 's founder , Larry Sanger , criticised Mr Johnson for encouraging pupils to use the website .
The general secretary of the NASWUT , Chris Keates , said the union itself had been the victim of scurrilous claims on Wikipedia .
She said the online encyclopedia was popular but she would not recommend it to children as their sole source of information .
Wikipedia is among the top 10 most visited sites on the internet but it has been dogged by concerns in recent weeks over the veracity of its information .
In March , a prominent and longstanding Wikipedia contributor was revealed to be a 24 - year - old college dropout .
Mr Sanger , one of the founder members of Wikipedia , left the site after concerns for its integrity .
He launched a new online encyclopedia - Citizendium.org - two weeks ago , which will be monitored and edited by academics and other experts as well as accepting public contributions .
Mr Sanger said the aim of the new resource was to avoid the inconsistency and potential for vandalism of Wikipedia while retaining its democratic ideals .
Volunteer contributors to the new site will be expected to provide their real names and experts in given fields will be asked to check articles for accuracy .
Approved articles will receive a green tick to indicate their reliability .
Universities have long questioned the reliability of information posted and edited on Wikipedia .
Marketing officials in UK universities monitor the information on the site because it can affect institutional reputations , acting as an alternative university guide .
Some American colleges have gone a step further and banned undergraduates from citing the website in their research papers .
Middlebury College , in Vermont , proscribed citations from Wikipedia in January .
UK universities could well take similar measures , predicted Will Murray , director of a plagiarism advisory service for British higher education .
" There 's a general feeling that students are regarding Wikipedia as an authority without checking to see if it is or not .
It 's a site that should be treated with scepticism and it's those skills that higher education is interested in getting across to students , " said Mr Murray , of the Joint Information Systems Committee ( Jisc ) .
He added : " There 's a temptation to use the internet rather than peer reviewed journals .
[ Studnets ] need to have a critical eye . "
Jisc 's TurnitinUK software is used by 90 % of UK institutions to detect student plagiarism .
The software can also detect plagiarised words on sites such as Wikipedia and identify where they came from , he said .
The Panamanian golden frog communicates with other frogs by semaphore in the form of gentle hand waves .
It has evolved the mechanism to signal to rivals and mates above the noise of mountain streams .
Shortly after filming for the BBC One series Life In Cold Blood , the frogs had to be rescued from the wild , due to the threat of chytrid fungus .
Hilary Jeffkins , senior producer of Life In Cold Blood , said the semaphoring behaviour of the Panamanian golden frog was very unusual .
" Normally , frogs would croak to get their message across but it's too noisy , " she said .
" An extra mechanism they 've evolved is to wave to each other . "
' Final wave '
The frogs ( Atelopus zeteki ) were filmed at a remote location in the Panamanian rainforest .
The population had all but disappeared because of a fungus that grows on the amphibians ' skin and suffocates them .
The film crew was disinfected - to stop them from carrying the disease - and managed to capture unique footage of the frogs in the wild .
THE GOLDEN FROG
Locals believe the frogs turn to solid gold when they die Even a sighting of one is considered lucky Golden frogs are highly toxic
Scientists were forced to remove the remaining frogs from the wild and keep them in captivity .
Hilary Jeffkins added : " The whole species is now extinct in Panama - this was one of the last remaining populations .
Its final wave was in our programme . "
Chytrid fungus ( Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis ) is a major contributor to the decline of amphibian populations around the world , threatening many species with extinction .
Sir David Attenborough brings viewers the final chapter of his epic overview of life on Earth as he transforms perceptions of cold - blooded animals in the landmark BBC One series Life In Cold Blood .
It starts on Monday 4 February at 2100 GMT
Could it be possible to eradicate abject poverty in one lifetime ?
Ever since it was first asked , the question has seemed an improbable wish – a salve for the heart , untenable to the mind .
But today , the answer is as clear as it is imperative : Yes .
The idea that every living person can have the basics essential to human survival – and from there , begin to climb the ladder of economic development – is a prospect within reach .
It does not require a master plan that solves all the world 's problems .
It does demand that wealthy nations change their approach in ways both subtle and significant .
It also means that the world 's poorest – the last billion people who barely survive on the equivalent of less than $ 1 a day – must turn from lifetimes of bleak experience and look with higher expectations toward what is possible .
Today , the " average " person on the edge of survival is a child .
Within the next hour , 1,200 more of them will perish .
There are no easy solutions .
But there is a clear path toward progress .
What 's mistaken
Let 's start by unpacking a few myths that impair popular thinking about global poverty .
It 's an intractable problem .
Not so .
In 1981 , 1.5 billion people survived on less than $ 1 a day , according to World Bank household surveys .
By 2001 , that number had dropped 27 percent , to just over 1 billion .
That means well over 400 million people no longer face the lethal burden of extreme poverty .
The diverging exception is sub-Saharan Africa , where rich nations must operate differently – and can .
There are too many impoverished people to help .
A bogus excuse .
Historically , the world 's poorest covered the globe .
That 's no longer the case .
The mid-tier developing world in much of South and Central Asia is steadily and remarkably rising in prosperity .
The last billion who suffer extreme poverty are concentrated in fewer than 60 very small sub-Saharan , Asian , and Latin American countries , which means we 've never been in a better position to eradicate it .
Moral obligation is enough .
Apparently not .
Alleviating suffering , the prevailing call - to - action among the G - 8 , nongovernmental organizations ( NGOs ) , and celebrities , has not compelled adequate action on the part of developed nations .
We need reasons that engage a broader political spectrum .
Humanitarian , labor , and environmental goals must be joined with economic and geopolitical priorities , each in service to the other .
The boys of the last billion , fodder for African warlords and Saudi - funded extremist madrassahs , are prone to carrying chaos across borders .
Post - 9/11 terrorpolitik makes ending extreme poverty a security priority .
The left responds to the promise of a more compassionate world ; the right , to the threat of a more violent one .
We must enlist both .
If aid is good , more aid is better .
Not really .
Since 2001 , the Bush administration has tripled foreign assistance worldwide , and quadrupled it in Africa .
And NGOs build their identities around raising and giving money .
But more funding is n't the most critical issue .
While humanitarian assistance has saved millions , consider this startling conclusion from a recent study by the Center for Global Development :
When aid rises to 8 percent of a recipient nation 's gross domestic product , it has zero effect on economic growth .
Above that , it has a negative effect .
The serious challenge is one of coordination .
Chronic shortages of skilled citizens in the very worst - off nations mean that more resources simply can't be deployed effectively .
Instead , donors , NGOs , and private philanthropies trip over one another , competing to give money away , rather than coordinating at ground level to get results .
More is n't always better ; smarter is better .
Globalization is hurting the poor .
By what measure ?
Agricultural reform and liberalized trade and investment have lifted nearly half a billion people out of extreme poverty in China and India , supporting their survival .
No doubt global competition has caused major upheaval , which can hit the poor especially hard .
That should lead to better efforts to buffer the last billion from globalization 's shocks – but we should n't deprive them of its abundant benefits .
Trade invariably generates mutual gains .
Unfortunately , given the win-lose quality of political brawls , many do n't believe in mutual gains , assuming that one country 's wealth must be explained by another 's exploitation .
This breeds cynicism about globalization .
For anyone on the edge of survival , the real risk is n't globalization .
It 's isolation .
The most sustainable contribution that developing nations can bring to world markets is their labor .
It produces far more widely felt economic benefits than extraction of natural resources such as oil .
But with labor capacity in eastern and central Asia growing so dramatically , potential workers in the very poorest nations risk being shut out of world labor markets for another two centuries .
None of this is to suggest that globalization 's negative effects should go unchecked .
Trade protesters aptly call out Western hypocrisies , corruption , and exploitation .
They help governments make rules to protect the weak .
But developing nations that grow their economies through global trade are able to afford more mature regulatory regimes , enforcement of decent labor standards , and better environmental technology .
Cutting off trade is a death sentence .
Wealthy nations must work to reduce poverty everywhere .
Why ?
This well - intended ethic is driven by a natural – but in this case dangerous – human tendency to focus on relative standing , independent of absolute wellbeing .
Imagine a Masai tribesman in the Serengeti , describing himself as happier when the grass thatch on his hut is thicker than his neighbor's .
In absolute terms his wealth is negligible .
And by first - world standards he might consider it miserable .
The primacy of relative inequality means that , especially as globalization puts a sharper focus on disparities of wealth , egalitarian ideals prompt wealthy nations to devote resources to reduce relative poverty everywhere .
This seems like the fair objective , pursued in the belief that reducing disparity supports social stability .
But it 's wrong .
There 's an enormous opportunity cost to devoting limited resources to better - off , mid-tier developing countries .
Their citizens , while struggling , are n't dying by the millions every year .
The last billion are .
The fact that rich nations spread resources broadly and thinly may be easy to explain politically , socially , or economically – but it 's much harder to justify ethically if we really believe every life is of equal value .
Today , first - world ideals of relative equality lead to diffuse aid and philanthropic efforts , effectively paid for with the lives of the poorest .
The desire to support relative well - being is a critical distraction from the question of absolute human survival .
If we 're serious about saving lives , rich nations should devote disproportionate financial and technical resources to the very worst - off – to build a floor for their survival , and to deliver the basis for self - sustaining growth and wealth of their own creation .
What 's true
Getting past popular misperceptions that impede progress for the very worst - off , what is true about extreme poverty ?
Today , it overwhelmingly slaughters the young .
The gap between what the rich world has promised at United Nations summits , but has yet to actually deliver , means that every year four million more children wo n't make it to their fifth birthday .
We have the resources to eradicate it .
The world 's richest 500 individuals have the same income as the poorest half - billion .
The developed nations are n't close to the UN commitment to devote 0.7 percent of gross domestic product to aid .
The US is at 0.2 percent , and private and philanthropic sources do n't come close to narrowing that gap in the poorest countries .
But this is n't simply a redistributive exercise .
We know more now about the progression from subsistence agriculture to micro-enterprise and light , sustainable manufacturing exports – and how self - directed growth lifts people out of poverty .
It is a question of will – and working smarter .
For wealthy nations : it is the will to listen harder to those we would serve , to experiment , to adapt , and to work smarter .
For citizens in civil society among the poorest nations : it is the will to push past disappointment , past corruption and cynicism about the legacy of colonialism , and to believe in what is possible .
The rest of this series will explore the path out of extreme poverty for the last billion .
What have we tried , and why have we gotten stuck ?
Where do we agree ?
Are we prepared to succeed ?
And if we are , what would it take ?
( Tomorrow : Why aid has made so little difference . )
• Mark Lange , a former speechwriter for President George H.W. Bush , is working on a book about financing the next green revolution .
We want to hear from you .
What do you think about the effort to end extreme poverty ?
Send your ideas , stories , and reactions to letters@csps.com .
Introduction
Do you find yourself spending more than you earn ?
Yet when you look back , you find that you actually spent that money on something that you could have done without .
Worse still , you spent that money on someone you did not necessarily have to please .
How can you avoid spending the money that you do not have , thus reducing incidences of overspending ?
Read on to find out .
Photo by gwen
10 Examples how you can overspend unnecessarily
A fresh graduate decides to buy an imported Japanese car .
As a result , he uses up 50 % of his salary for the monthly installments , car maintenance and petrol .
He is then left with another 50 % for his other commitments and expenses .
1 . A fresh graduate decides to buy an imported Japanese car .
As a result , he uses up 50 % of his salary for the monthly installments , car maintenance and petrol .
He is then left with another 50 % for his other commitments and expenses .
2 . You impulsively swipe your credit card to pay for the latest Apple laptop you always had an eye on .
At the end of the month , you find that you are unable to pay the amount due .
3 . Your colleague just moved into a semi- detached house .
You sold your entire investment portfolio and existing apartment , took up a bigger mortgage to buy the house next to his .
4 . An office lady uses her entire month ’s salary to buy the Louis Vuitton hand bag , just because her colleague shows off one to her .
5 . You want your boy friend to propose only if he presents you with a Tiffany ’s ring .
6 . A father took up a personal loan of RM10,000 so that he can take his family for a vacation to Australia .
Although he did not need to take this holiday given his financial situation , he did so because his neighbour just came back from New Zealand .
7 . Have a breast implant to impress the man you are interested in although he is not interested .
8 . You bought an expensive set of home theatre system .
However , you rarely watch any DVD at home since you are too busy at work .
It is just to impress your friends who visit your house .
9 . Bought a Rolex watch during your trip to Switzerland just because your boss said that it was a great investment .
10 .
You spent lots of money on your wedding ceremony and serve the best food , although all your wife wanted was a honeymoon in Europe .
What is the money you do n’t have ?
Credit card –
If you ca n’t afford to pay it in full when the charges is due , it is the “ future money ” , not “ current money ” that you already have
– If you ca n’t afford to pay it in full when the charges is due , it is the “ future money ” , not “ current money ” that you already have Mortgage – you use the bank ’s money to buy a house and stay in it , as long as you are able to pay it back to the financier .
– you use the bank ’s money to buy a house and stay in it , as long as you are able to pay it back to the financier .
Personal debt – getting a personal loan to spend on something is the stupidest thing to do .
– getting a personal loan to spend on something is the stupidest thing to do .
Loan shark – those who do n’t have credit card , without proper documents to borrow from banks will look for “ favours ” from loan shark .
– those who do n’t have credit card , without proper documents to borrow from banks will look for “ favours ” from loan shark .
Easy installment plan to purchase consumer product
What are the things that you do n’t necessarily need ?
Car , a plush house , gadgets and other things that do not fall within your budget .
The rule of thumb is to spend less than one third of your income on these items .
Who are the people you do n’t like ?
Friends , colleagues and relatives who like to show off ,
those who look down on you ,
those who slap you on the back .
You can have a thousand reasons to hate and dislike somebody , but you do n’t have to hurt your wallet .
Have you ever done something like that ?
We sometimes , unknowingly , spend money on instant gratification , only to regret much later .
We sometimes also give in to our temptations to buy things that we do n’t have much use for or things that are impractical .
The next time , before you decide to blow your cash on something , try to think about how many hours of toiling at work that money equates to .
This does not mean you need to stinge on everything that you wish to buy .
Only buy something if you really need it .
Although this may sound like easy advice , we always end up faltering .
We spend more than that we can earn and in the end , find ourselves struggling to make ends meet .
Have a comment on how you can save money and resist the temptation to overspend ?
Do share your views with us .
Former President Bill Clinton and Senator Hillary Rodham Clinton received authorization to take certain household furnishings to their new homes as gifts but will return any items that are found to be White House property , a spokesman said today .
In the latest criticism over their departure from the White House , the Clintons faced questions today about taking $ 28,000 worth of furnishings , which two donors were quoted as saying had been intended to become part of the permanent White House collection , not gifts to the Clintons .
The disclosure , reported in today 's Washington Post , came three days after the Clintons said they would pay $ 86,000 to cover the value of gifts they received last year in an effort to avoid the appearance of impropriety .
The couple had originally sought to leave with $ 190,000 in gifts .
Officials said that at least $ 28,000 worth of furnishings , donated in 1993 as part of the White House restoration project , had been registered by the National Park Service as gifts to the permanent collection of the White House and not the Clintons .
By SANDRA LEVI
Last updated at 23:20 16 February 2008
" Filth , filth , filth . "
Scrawled across an invitation to the launch of my new book , the words were full of furious indignation :
How could I tell such disgusting lies about my own father ?
He was a rabbi , no less , and a founding member of the Marriage Guidance Council ; a pillar of his community who spent his whole life working tirelessly for others .
Twenty - six years after his death , I had thought enough time had passed to admit that , as well as being a celebrated philanthropist , my father , Selvin Goldberg , was a chronic womaniser who cheated on my mother many times .
But I had misjudged both the mood of the community and its capacity for self - deception .
During my childhood , almost everyone assumed I came from a warm , harmonious household .
I lived in a semi in a typical suburban street in north Manchester with two brothers .
David is three years older and has recently retired as a rabbi himself .
Jonathan , who is six years younger , is now an eminent QC .
Scroll down for more ...
Flawed hero : Selvin Goldberg with wife Frimette , the author and her brother Jonathan in the Sixties
My mother , Frimette , came from an orthodox Jewish family , originally from Poland , and was a shy woman ; modest with her affections .
My father , Selvin , was almost her polar opposite .
Charismatic and gregarious , he became the rabbi of the Jackson 's Row synagogue in 1940 and remained there for 34 years .
He was adored by his community and the membership of the synagogue grew from 100 families to 1,000 .
Everyone came to him with their problems .
One member of the synagogue even proclaimed him the Messiah .
My father was a founder member of the Council of Christians and Jews and , for a while , the president of the Manchester branch of Save The Children , which brought him into contact with Princess Anne .
And ironically , in view of his extramarital activities , there was also his work with the Marriage Guidance Council .
I loved him and could see he had star quality , but I realised from an early age that things were n't as they should be in my family .
The first affair I knew about was with our Catholic maid , Peggy .
She was hired at the age of 19 to help my mother , who was often in hospital or bedridden at home with a kidney complaint .
I do n't know when my father started sleeping with her , but I first realised there was something improper about their relationship when I was ten .
Arriving home early from school one day , I caught him coming out of her bedroom .
There were other women .
Ostensibly they came to our house to seek his guidance with family or financial matters , but in many cases it was obvious they had another agenda .
To my mind , they were nothing short of predators , but my father was only too happy to respond .
One woman posed as my mother 's friend and was at our house so often she became part of the furniture .
When my mother was in hospital , she would bring food for the family .
My father thought she was some sort of domestic goddess because she cooked without garlic .
He hated the stuff , but my mother insisted on putting garlic into everything , particularly when she was furious with him .
I remember one occasion when I was about nine shouting at the woman in front of other guests : " Why do n't you just leave our family alone ? "
But , in the main , my brothers and I had been trained by my mother to cover up for my father and present a united front .
She knew what was going on but , like many women of her generation , she was petrified of being on her own .
She also thought that if anyone found out about my father 's infidelities , he 'd lose his job .
So over the years we became adept at papering over our family 's cracks .
On one occasion , a friend of mine said she had seen my parents at a country house hotel : " Your mother was wearing a fabulous ocelot coat , " she said .
I knew my mother did n't own such a coat , but I said nothing .
Of course , my mother 's public loyalty did n't stop her complaining behind closed doors .
My parents had terrible shouting matches which were awful for us children .
By the time I reached my teens I had come to resent my father enormously .
His preaching seemed so hypocritical and I could n't believe it when he helped set up a branch of the Marriage Guidance Council , now Relate , in Manchester .
Years later , when I was getting married , I told my father I did n't want him to officiate , giving his usual sermon about the value of fidelity .
In the end , he insisted .
I was about 28 when he embarked on his most significant relationship .
She was the wife of a local kosher butcher and I knew something was up the minute she walked into our lounge .
She was in her early 40s , blonde , buxom and flirtatious in a tight - fitting dress .
I immediately thought : " Here we go again . "
But in 1969 his luck ran out when the butcher sued his wife for divorce and cited my father .
My parents ' marriage had more or less broken down by then anyway , but my mother was appalled that her husband 's treachery was finally out in the open .
Most congregants were prepared to turn a blind eye – rumours about my father had abounded for years – and he was able to pull in favours .
According to my brother Jonathan , a rabbinical judge told the butcher he would take away his kosher licence if he did n't withdraw his petition .
Just three years later my father was offered a new position in America .
He accepted , divorced my mother and moved there with the butcher 's wife .
My mother stayed in Manchester and died in 1980 , a year before my father .
I had visited him and his new wife a few times in Arkansas and had come to terms with his flaws .
Like him , I had trained as a marriage guidance counsellor and realised there were extenuating circumstances that partly explained his behaviour .
My parents had had an arranged marriage and both families had lied about their children 's ages : my father 's family said he was 24 when he was 19 , and my mother 's family said she was 20 when she was really 24 .
It meant the marriage was founded on deception .
What 's more , I suspect my mother 's orthodox background , combined with her constant health problems , meant she was n't particularly interested in the physical side of marriage .
I went to my father when he knew he was dying and he told me he had done everything he set out to do in life and was going without regrets .
I kept his secret for 24 years after his death , but then , two years ago , I decided it might be fun to write a novel based upon my life , growing up with a womanising rabbi .
The reaction of many from my father 's congregation has been astonishing .
Instead of criticising him for his behaviour , they have turned on me .
Letters have accused me of muck - raking .
But my critics are missing the point .
In fact , it was the very qualities that made my father such a popular rabbi that drove him into the arms of women : his optimism , his passion , his sheer love of life .
Did it make him less of a rabbi or pillar of the community ?
I have come to the conclusion that it did not .
•: Rites And Wrongs by Sandra Levi is published by Melrose Books at £ 13.99 .
To order your copy with free p&p call The Review Bookstore on 0845 606 4213 .
The story of the soaring Canadian dollar is no longer just about shopping in Buffalo or the troubles faced by domestic exporters .
It is no longer just about Canada at all .
Rather , the story of the soaring Canadian dollar is now about something far more dramatic and dangerous .
It is about the decline of the American dollar as the world 's currency of choice .
It is about the end of a world financial system that has been in place , in one form or another , since the 1930s and that has given the developed world unprecedented wealth .
It is about America 's economic chickens coming home to roost .
It is about the end of empire .
And for Canada , which has prospered from its privileged position near the heart of this empire , it is potentially very bad news .
At the heart of the problem is a development that Canadians have difficulty getting used to :
The American dollar , which we tend to see as a fixed star in the firmament of currencies , is falling .
It is falling relative to every major currency – the euro , the Japanese yen , the British pound .
It is falling relative to gold .
It is falling relative to oil .
The fact that a barrel of oil now costs about 40 per cent more than it did in August is tied in large part to the depreciation of the currency in which its value is measured : The U.S. dollar .
Every successful empire brings with it an imperial currency .
In Roman times , the denarius dominated trade in what is now Europe .
At the height of the British Empire , the pound sterling was literally as good as gold .
Similarly , when empires wane , so do their currencies .
As Rome overextended itself with military adventures , it devalued the denarius .
In 1931 , depression - torn Britain officially served notice that its empire was on the rocks when it decoupled the pound from gold .
Since then , the U.S. dollar has been the world 's currency of choice .
Arab princelings demanded dollars for their oil .
So did Colombian cocaine dealers .
When China abandoned Maoism , it was dollars that Communist authorities wanted in exchange for the exports they sent abroad .
So it was perhaps appropriate , yesterday , that it fell to Chinese central banker Xu Jian to announce officially what economists have been saying for years : the dollar is " losing its status as a world currency . "
China , he explained , would no longer keep just American dollars in its reserves but would diversify its holdings to include other major currencies .
Given that China 's central bank holds $ 1.43 trillion worth of U.S. dollars , that was not an insignificant statement .
The reasons for the dollar 's decline are familiar .
Like the Romans and British before them , the Americans have overextended themselves .
As a country , they import more than they export .
As individuals , they spend more than they earn .
Up to now , these excesses have been balanced by the rest of the world 's willingness to hold dollars .
China , for instance , was willing to take dollars in exchange for useful manufactured goods because it believed the U.S. currency would hold its value .
In a sense , it was like a giant pyramid scheme .
As long as everyone believed the dollar was strong , it remained strong .
But as soon as a crack appeared , the edifice shuddered .
If the American dollar were just America 's dollar , none of this might matter .
Indeed , a lower U.S. dollar , by boosting American exports , will help the U.S. get through any downturn sparked by that country 's housing and mortgage crises .
But the U.S. dollar is not just America's .
It is the world 's currency ; it provides a platform of stability on which other countries can operate .
French president Nicolas Sarkozy sounded the alarm yesterday in his address to the U.S. Congress .
For America to stand by and let its dollar collapse , he said , is to risk a trade war of global dimensions .
What he meant was that Europe would not let the U.S. engage in competitive devaluation without retaliating .
And this is the danger for Canada .
As a small trading nation , Canada is sure to be sideswiped in an all - out trade war .
As a small trading nation , Canada also depends on a stable international financial system based on a stable international currency .
So forget the minor ups and downs of the loonie .
Sure , it matters if the Canadian dollar sits at $ 1.08 ( U.S. ) or $ 0.88 .
But it matters more if the U.S. dollar itself is under stress .
The key development yesterday was not the fact that Canada 's dollar closed down slightly from the day before .
It was the fact that , relative to the euro , the U.S. dollar hit a record low .
Mr. Bush also used one of his favorite themes , that of the trial lawyer who salivates at the money to be made through frivolous lawsuits .
Perhaps , he said , these lawyers “ see a financial gravy train ” if they can sue the deep - pockets telecom companies .
Democrats counterattacked while the president was still speaking .
“ If the President had not rejected an extension of current law and refused to negotiate with Congress , it is very likely that the new FISA bill could already be law today , ” said Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , the majority leader , using the acronym for the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
“ It is disingenuous for the president to claim the country is less safe when he is the one responsible for holding up the legislative process . ”
And Senator Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts said the president was using “ the specter of terrorism ” to push his own agenda .
“ If the telecommunications companies did n’t break the law , they do not need immunity , ” the senator said .
“ If they broke the law , the American people deserve to know the size and scope of their lawbreaking .
Adhering to the rule of law would not ‘ aid our enemies ’  it would uphold the very principles we are fighting for .
The President ’s position has nothing to do with protecting Americans and everything to do with sweeping under the rug illegal activity by his administration and his corporate partners . ”
Mr. Bush used the news conference to reiterate several other long - held positions :
The “ temporary ” tax cuts set to expire over the next few years , he said , should be made permanent to bolster the economy , which he said was not slowing down but was not skidding into recession .
Big new taxes on the major oil companies would backfire , driving up energy costs , he said .
And the president showed no interest in getting acquainted with Raúl Castro , whom he described as just an extension of his brother Fidel , whose half - century tenure as president of Cuba has kept the island in isolation and poverty .
President Bush was asked whether he agreed with Senator Barack Obama that the United States would be better off if the president were willing to hold direct talks with leaders of countries like Iran and Cuba .
In life , as in business , it ’s important to have role models .
Having people to look up to and guide you along in your career is one key to success .
Admiring other businesses can help you understand the market and your competition , and can give you ideas for your own business .
Now , since I need a little motivation and inspiration while starting my green design studio , I present a smattering of my business role models in the field of green graphic and web design .
My Dream Business
When I graduated and starting looking for a job in the design field , I knew that I wanted to be somewhere that allowed me to make a difference through my work .
I looked for like - minded design firms , publications , and non-profit organizations where I could start my career .
In the process I came across several design studios with green ideals .
A few years down the road , it seems like more and more sustainable and socially conscious firms are popping up .
The few that I discovered in my job search are also thriving .
It ’s a good time to be in the green design business !
Some of the companies mentioned below cater to a specific industry , such as non-profits or green businesses .
Others operate their business in a sustainable way and hold themselves to a triple bottom line .
Some of them choose projects that address a public need or a social or environmental issue .
All of them are my role models , and their ideas have sparked motivation to get my own design studio started .
Free Range Studios : Washington , DC and Berkeley , CA .
Free Range Studios is probably best known for their viral animated Flash movies , such as The Meatrix and Grocery Store Wars .
They are a design firm out to change the world .
In their own words : “ our portfolio includes print , web and strategy materials for the planet ’s most influential non-profits , political campaigns and socially responsible businesses …
There ’s a powerful movement building right now demanding a more just , healthy , sustainable planet .
We ’ve been part of it since 1999 . ”
Celery Design Collaborative : Berkeley , CA .
Celery is a green graphic design firm focusing on sustainable design for all kinds of clients .
They also offer designers an ecological guide to paper .
They take a cradle to cradle approach to design .
According to their site , “ At Celery , we consider the full life cycle of every project we work on , from its concept , to its execution , to its afterlife . ”
Amen to that !
egg : Seattle , WA .
egg is a design and branding firm that works with green and socially responsible businesses , those that “ do well , and do good . ”
They help forward - thinking companies craft their brands all while helping society .
Design for Social Impact : Philadelphia , PA .
This aptly - named design company strives to make a difference , focusing on work benefiting the public interest .
Their mission pretty much sums it up : “ improving lives is more important than selling products . ”
Future Farmers : San Francisco , CA .
Future Farmers is not your traditional design firm .
They ’re a group of interdisciplinary artists that not only produce design and art work , but they take an active role in promoting change by working on field projects .
Future Farmers also has an artist in residency program that entails collaborating on socially - focused art projects .
Conscious Creative : Berkeley , CA .
Conscious is a good way to describe this green - certified creative services company .
Employing sustainable practices in the running of their business and the production of their projects , Conscious Creative claims , “ Our number one goal is to help our clients communicate their message in an effective way that leaves a smaller footprint on the earth . ”
PureVisual : Beverly , MA .
This unique socially responsible communications firm works exclusively for non-profits .
They are committed to support their clients in improving our world .
Firebelly Design : Chicago , IL .
Firebelly specializes in “ Good design for good reason . ”
They are a socially conscious design firm with a generous heart .
They even donate an entire year of design services to a new non -profit or cause each year .
Digital Hive : San Francisco , CA .
This design and marketing firm specializes in what it calls “ EcoLogical design ” for progressive companies .
A group of nature enthusiasts focused on sustainable , smart solutions , Digital Hive is buzzing with eco-consciousness .
The Change : Chapel Hill , NC and elsewhere .
The Change is a design and strategy firm that works for businesses and organizations committed to making the world a better place .
They also maintain a very informative blog called The Tao of Change .
Now , most of these design firms are much bigger than I ’m planning on making my design studio , but I admire their big - picture thinking and sustainable business models .
In addition , I look up to design entrepreneurs that are solo artists with a green focus , such as my friends Dani Nordin of The Zen Kitchen and Jess Sand of Roughstock Studios .
These two individuals , as well as inspiration from the companies mentioned above , have been instrumental in the planning of my new green design venture .
This article is the third in a series entitled Green Dreams about my journey planning and starting a green graphic design firm .
Read the first and second articles in the series here on Ecopreneurist !
Photo : a collage of screenshots of some green design company web sites .
Clockwise from top left : egg , Conscious Creative , Free Range Studios , and PureVisual .
Before now , rap songs dominated the " song 's lyrics expressed through ironic graph " genre .
( The most famous was the Village Voice 's analysis of This Is Why I'm Hot . )
Now a bunch of loveable webtards have done the same to pop songs .
Some favorites are below .
There are more here and here .
Commenters are of course encouraged to top this .
Ok , here 's the deal .
The government is going to send you some money in May , about $ 600 if you 're single , and maybe $ 1200 if you 're married and meet a few other minimum qualifications .
This little windfall is not just a thoughtful gift from a wise and benevolent government .
Though this money comes to you with no particular strings attached , the government is rather hoping you 'll go right out and blow it at the mall ASAP .
See , this money is part of what is called a " stimulus package . "
George W. Bush , who used to refer to himself as " the decider , " has decided that he now wants to be known as " the stimulator . "
It 's a good name for the President , actually , because he 's been very good at stimulating things for quite some time now .
He 's stimulated much hatred for the United States throughout the world , and he 's stimulated a great deal of fear among the citizenry of the nation he leads .
He 's stimulated the richest people in the country to grab more and grab faster .
He 's helped stimulate a huge spike in the cost of gasoline at the pump , and he stimulated those who were entrusted to serve as watchdogs over the financial markets to look the other way while lending institutions ran amok .
And he stimulated the country 's war spending to new heights while simultaneously stimulating places like China and Saudi Arabia to loan us back some of the money we 've been spending in those countries in order to cover all that war spending , a figure currently running up toward $ 200 billion a year just for the war stuff alone .
So successful has Bush been as a stimulator that we now live in a country that shows every sign of being thoroughly over - stimulated , a nation on a Red Bull cocktail of media manipulation , political spin , talk show hysteria , lies , and a new crisis in every news cycle .
But , in his never - ending quest for new things to stimulate , Bush now wants to stimulate the economy here at home because , contrary to earlier rosy scenarios painted by those in charge , it turns out the economy is in the most serious trouble it 's seen since the days immediately preceding the Great Depression back in the early 1930s .
Clearly , then , this is a job for " the stimulator . "
And here 's where you come in .
Your mission , should you choose to accept it , is to cash that stimulus check " the stimulator " sends you , then go out and buy more Chinese imports as fast as humanly possible .
That way the money borrowed from the Chinese to give you your little dildo of dollars will stimulate trade , with most of that money going right back to China from whence it came .
Once you 've blown that wad , the theory is that the economy will right itself and everything will be hunky - dory .
The idea is to get money moving through the system , because money in the system is like blood through the veins ; if it ai n't movin ' , we 're dead .
However , once we 've been revived by the stimulation , the stock market will become orgasmic .
Tax revenues will spike , small businessmen will have more money to buy presents for their wives and mistresses , divorce rates will decline , and pigs will fly over contented American hamlets chock full of satisfied consumers who no longer fear the " R " word ( recession ) , let alone the " D " word ( depression ) .
Besides all of those blessings , the stimulus package is dirt cheap .
It 's only going to add another $ 150 billion or so to our collective debt , which is about the amount we 've been spending annually in Iraq trying to stimulate that country back to something akin to post - Medieval upgrades in water and power delivery systems , public safety , and explosion - cessation exercises .
Currently , we 're in the hole about $ 9.2 trillion ( with a T ) or about $ 30 grand for every man , woman , and child in the country .
The interest on that debt costs us over a billion a day which is n't quite as much as we dump daily into Iraq , but it 's still a pretty sizeable chunk o' change .
With a debt like that , it only makes sense to spend like there 's no tomorrow .
So , when you get your gift from the stimulator - in - chief , do your patriotic duty and go out and spend that dough PDQ .
The economy you save may be your own .
_______
Melinda Merck is a new breed of veterinarian .
In a 26 - foot van equipped with state - of - the - art forensic tools , she travels to crime scenes throughout the country to assist law enforcement officials in their efforts to build cases against and prosecute animal cruelty offenders .
Merck is the only animal CSI specialist in the country .
She investigates about two cases each month that run the gamut from dog fighting and puppy mills to animal hoarding and bestiality .
“ It ’s applying all the forensic science that has traditionally been used on crimes against humans to animals , ” Merck said of her job with the American Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ( ASPCA ) headquartered in New York City .
Federal agents sought her help last year in the Michael Vick dog fighting case where she exhumed 12 animal bodies and examined their remains .
( A state case is still pending against Vick so she ca n’t discuss her findings . )
The most horrendous crime she investigated , though , involved two Atlanta teenagers who hog - tied a 3 - month old puppy , poured paint on her and tried to light her on fire .
When that did n’t work they put the pup in an oven and baked her to death .
Then they showed the dead puppy to neighborhood children and threatened them not to tell .
The young males , both with previous juvenile records — one for arson , the other for sexual assault — are now serving 10 - year prison sentences .
Silent witnesses
Animal cruelty cases are difficult to prosecute because the victims can't talk or point out the abuser , so Merck must find solid evidence that wo n’t leave any doubts in the jurors ’ minds .
So far , she has succeeded .
Of the 25 cases last year in which charges based on her work were pressed , she said , all were either won in trial or the suspects plead guilty .
Animal cruelty is often linked to other crimes , such as domestic violence , or indicates the perpetrator may commit future acts of violence against people .
“ Time and time again we see that our nation ’s most appalling criminals have a history of abusing animals , ” said ASPCA president Ed Sayres .
For more than a decade Merck has studied and investigated animal cruelty cases while running a private veterinary practice in Georgia .
But it was n’t until joining the ASPCA last year that she began working in veterinary forensics full - time .
This new and emerging field is needed , she said , because crime scene examiners do n’t have the knowledge of animals or animal behavior to correctly identify and interpret their findings .
They also do n’t have the country ’s first Mobile Animal Crime Scene Investigation Unit .
The $ 220,000 vehicle , unveiled in December , allows Merck to process a crime scene more quickly and efficiently .
Maggots to DNA
The tools and tests at her disposal are the same ones used to investigate crimes against people .
Merck analyzes blood splatter , examines bones for trauma and collects DNA samples .
If maggots are present , she can accurately determine time of death or injury .
After scouring the area for evidence and examining animal victims , she works with investigators and prosecutors to develop the case and bring it to court .
For now , Merck ’s the only animal CSI , but it wo n’t stay that way for long .
Veterinary schools have begun offering forensic classes .
And the ASPCA plans to break ground this year on an anti-cruelty institute in New York City to provide training for veterinarians and law enforcement .
It ’s slated to open in 2010 .
I Need a Virtual Break .
No , Really .
- New York Times
In yesterday 's New York Times , Mark Bittman wrote an entertaining and thoughtful article about realizing that his need to stay wired , in - touch , and updated was really starting to eat into him .
His headslap moment came on an international flight , as he realizes " the only other place I could escape was in my sleep . "
He goes on to talk about the difficulty of maintaining even a single day of " Sabbath " from electronic communication and media :
I woke up nervous , eager for my laptop .
That forbidden , I reached for the phone .
No , not that either .
Send a text message ?
No .
I quickly realized that I was feeling the same way I do when the electricity goes out and , finding one appliance nonfunctional , I go immediately to the next .
I was jumpy , twitchy , uneven .
But , eventually , he settles in and starts to enjoy things that would never appear on his radar screen on a wired day :
I drank herb tea ( caffeine was not helpful ) and stared out the window .
I tried to allow myself to be less purposeful , not to care what was piling up in my personal cyberspace , and not to think about how busy I was going to be the next morning .
I cooked , then went to bed , and read some more .
GRADUALLY , over this and the next couple of weekends — one of which stretched from Friday night until Monday morning , like the old days — I adapted .
Eventually ( natch ) , he returns to the wired world .
So it goes .
I liked that this piece was written from a personal perspective , which , to my mind , is the best ( and , often , only ) place to start any kind of experiment around hacking time and attention .
And , I do really like the idea of periodically accepting ( enforcing ? ) days without media and wires .
Truly , you 'll never realize how difficult this can be until you really make it happen .
But , as Bittman notes , once you get over the initial crash , you can see a striking contrast in what your life could look like .
Good stuff .
But , like a lot of pieces on wired overstimulation , this one comes close to conflating the axis of " work " with the axis of " electronic media . "
Which , in my opinion , is an unwholesome confusion to abide , even just in appearance -- especially since it could be seen as blaming inert matter for our problems , while allowing us addicts ( and the culture we 've permitted ourselves to grow accustomed to ) to get off way too easy .
J'accuse !
Let 's be brutally honest , here -- I can " work " at my computer for 10 hours and do nothing but dick around with Wikipedia and YouTube .
Heck , even if I do " work stuff " like email and " research , " I can easily trail off in a hundred directions that have nothing to do with my initial task .
Is that the fault of the computer and the internet ?
Maybe , kinda .
But , no more so than I can reasonably blame this crappy hammer for that awkward birdhouse I built .
Stupid hammer .
So , let 's start by admitting that one reason we spend so much time in front of a screen ( or hooked up to an iPod or SMSing on the phone or updating Twitter ) is simply because we can .
Because it 's fun .
And because it 's easy .
It makes us feel ... connected .
Is it the fault solely of " my job " that I have to sit here all day ?
For me : I 'm going to say a resounding no .
Okay , then , so what happens when I go off the grid ?
From printer paper to rice paper
Well , first , does it strike anyone else as funny that -- notwithstanding Bittman 's desire not to get too " new - agey " -- the main alternative to stressful , wired work appears to be acting like a monk on Kung Fu ?
I mean , I wonder if it says anything about us that our first response to unhooking ( after initial panic ) is to pretend it 's the 19th century and all we can do is read scrolls , meditate , or walk amongst the trees .
For myself -- once I 've had my cup of green tea and carried a cauldron of hot coals with my forearms -- I find there are lots of work - related things I can do without a computer , phone , or internet .
Really good and valuable stuff that I tend to forget about or ignore when I 'm powered up .
Stuff like longhand writing , cleaning out old files , or just making my work area a more pleasant place to be .
I 'm not disagreeing with this fine article in any substantial way -- I mean , it 's not hard to sell me on the idea that we allow ourselves to be overstimulated , or that it 's hard to stop .
But , I do think it 's very important to be frank about what parts of our problem come from the hammer versus which parts come from our own hands .
I think Bittman clearly gets that , but I 'd hate for this article to just land on the CEO 's desk in the pile titled " The Internet 's Killing ' The Enterprise ! ' "
And , speaking of ' The Enterprise '
So : vaguely ( but mostly not ) related .
Whenever a company proudly announces " No Email Fridays ! "
I just want to groan , wad up my David Carradine poster , and throw it across the dojo .
Because , while I 'm sure this kind of rule ( or policy or experiment ) is well - intentioned , it 's about as employee - friendly as ankle weights and morning jumping - jacks .
Email is not the problem , America .
The culture around email ( and phones and meetings and SMS ) is the real culprit .
And we 're not going to change perverse electronic culture by nailing theses to a door or by social - engineering the crap out of our employees .
Plus , I 'll just bet you , dimes to donuts , that " no - Friday - email " companies also breed a species of employee who spends most of Saturday making up for the lost time .
( Instead of hanging with family or practicing having spears thrown at him by the other Shaolins )
I 'd say that if we need anything " enforced " across a company it 's periodic , rolling breaks from being accessible to everybody ; to create an environment where everyone in the group or company knows the time and day when they will simply be uninterruptible , without exception , consequence , or need for excuse .
That 's their time to do with as they please .
Now , is this a distinction without a difference from just shutting off email ?
No way .
For one , that email still piles up ( even over the eight hours you 're commanded to ignore it ) .
And what 's to prevent that Friday from being the day someone decides to just hand - deliver all their demands to my cube ?
What about meetings ?
And can we still call each other on the phone ?
Where 's the real break ?
Sane and firewalled time -- yes , even to process email -- is what people really need to have and depend upon .
I 'd say the company that wants to solve the " too much connectedness " problem would do well not just to focus on the easy solutions that involve masking symptoms .
To really get closer to the root cause , it 'll require a much more profound rethinking of a culture that 's still 20 years behind the technology it supports .
And that ain't gonna happen with a memo and an " email - free " Friday .
It 's not you ; it 's us
On a personal level , accepting these kinds of radical fasts can be a terrific way to detox or to just reconnect with a world that 's further than arm 's reach from your keyboard .
And it reminds us that ( apparently ) there are alternative approaches to a morning that do n't involve a mouse or a keypad .
This is all awesome -- even indispensable .
But let 's not be lulled into thinking that the medium is always the murderer .
So , yes : take time off from electronics and media , and take time off from work .
But , be mindful about which is which -- as well as which it is that you really need the break from .
For most of us , the answer is an unequivocal " both ! "
And , finally , is it conceivable that what you really need the break from is new demands on your time ?
What does solving that problem look like ?
And can it really be accomplished simply by unplugging a few things for a day or two ?
( My guess : no , it 's actually a lot more complicated than that . )
Me ?
I just want to inch toward a place where I get the problem enough that I can stop work for an hour to enjoy my iPod just as easily as I can take 10 minutes and a legal pad to draft a dull report under a tree .
It 's ultimately how we 'll snatch the pebble , Grasshopper .
The Swedish ministers of Justice and Culture made a statement in a Swedish newspaper editorial late last week calling for the government to establish a legal framework that would enable courts to order ISPs to reveal the IP addresses of file - sharers .
The Swedish Pirate Party issued a response on its own web site , condemning the government for making a " declaration of war against an entire young generation of voters ... on behalf of the American film and record companies . "
The Swedish government has recently expressed concern about the growing perception that the country is a safe haven for peer - to - peer file - sharing .
This proposal provides insight into the sort of legislation that the government intends to craft in its effort to address the issue .
The government has also recently launched a legal assault against The Pirate Bay , a widely - known Swedish BitTorrent tracker that has fearlessly continued to operate despite prior raids and countless threats .
The proposal offered by the Swedish ministers is favored by ISPs because it shifts some of the burden of copyright enforcement on the content industry rather than placing all of it on telecommunications companies .
That characteristic distinguishes the proposal from one published recently by an appeals court judge who suggested that ISPs should be required to terminate service for users who repeatedly obtain copyrighted material from file - sharing networks without authorization .
According to Swedish news site The Local , support for disclosure of IP addresses represents a significant reversal for the Center Party , which had previously vowed to fight against anti-piracy proposals that erode privacy .
This debate in Sweden comes at the same time that the European Parliament is evaluating the possibility of classifying IP addresses as personal information and extending legal protection to IP addresses accordingly .
As we have noted in the past , proving an association between an IP address and a person is n't easy or even possible in many cases .
This raises many questions about the validity of cases that are brought on the basis of IP addresses alone without further evidence .
Noting that the content industry has generally used the threat of costly litigation to win out - of - court settlements from accused file - sharers in the United States after obtaining identifying information from ISPs , the Pirate Party accuses the film and recording companies of acting like the mafia and cautions lawmakers against opening the door for those kinds of practices in Sweden .
" This proposal means that film and record companies ' representatives will get subscriber information on suspected file - sharers through a simple request to the courts , " the Pirate Party said in its response to the ministers ' proposal .
" They can threaten suspects with a ruinous level of damages in order to force them to ' voluntarily ' pay a settlement ...
The government has a choice : either it can accept that file sharing is a technological and historical fact , or it can continue to dismantle democracy and the rule of law to protect an out - of - date industry . "
The Swedish government has already demonstrated its resolve with the vast scope of its assault on The Pirate Bay .
It looks like legislative changes that accommodate litigation against filesharers is the next item on the Swedish government 's agenda .
Further reading
I can’t wait for the day when stories like this drive Hugh Hewitt into paroxysms of righteous outrage again .
Edgar A. Domenech says he thought Justice Department officials would welcome information about mismanagement at the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco , Firearms and Explosives .
Instead , the 23 - year ATF veteran says , Justice officials ignored his complaints and later retaliated against him by demoting him , denying him a bonus and attempting to give him a poor job review .
And again and again .
I emphasize this kind of story because there really is a best practices for running a functional government .
People do a more competent job under the threat of transparency and adversarial oversight .
Take that away and you eliminate the disincentive for slack , graft and letting mistakes of every magnitude slide uncorrected .
To the degree that whistleblowers are actively protected , shitty managers and government programs that fail for whatever reason can be exposed and corrected .
Strict ethics rules enforced by zealous and independent oversight keep away the stink that almost always goes along with political power .
If these things disappear it hardly matters who is in charge ; shitty management will follow like water flows downhill .
Tax money will disappear down unaccountable holes , important programs will stop working .
National security will be less secure .
Idiots who ca n’t do their job will be appointed to important positions .
Said idiots , justifiably fearing exposure of their crappy management , inevitably commit increasingly stupid mistakes in an effort to cover up earlier mistakes .
The country works better under Democrats because as a whole they have a better grip on best practices .
That ’s it .
If you think I ’m wrong , I encourage you to revisit the unlivable hell that was the Eisenhower administration .
Despite their loopy policy agenda Republican leadership does n’t have to run the country into the ground , it ’s just a historical accident that Republican presidents since Eisenhower have had a crappy notion of how to make government work .
Bushies just represent the ultimate defeat of competence after a decades - long , losing battle with ideological purity .
I wonder whether a shamed and defeated GOP can defy the purity trolls in their the base and give some capable young John Cole types a chance to build a national party again .
Sounds tough , after all first they ’ll have to stop driving those guys to the Democrats , but it ’s either that or try taking power back by some means other than electoral politics .
WASHINGTON
While the cool cat ’s away , the Hillary mice will play .
As Barack Obama was floating in the pool with his daughters the last few days in St. Thomas , some Clinton disciples were floating the idea of St. Hillary as his vice president .
She ca n’t win without him , said one Hillary adviser , and he ca n’t win without her .
They ’re stuck with each other .
It ’s one of my favorite movie formulas , driving the dynamics in such classics as “ A Few Good Men , ” “ The Big Easy ” and “ Guys and Dolls ” : Charming , glib guy spars and quarrels with no -nonsense , driven girl , until they team up in the last reel .
He spices up her life , and she stiffens his spine .
And soon they hear the pitter - patter of little superdelegate feet , who are thrilled not to be pulled in two directions anymore .
And everybody ’s happy .
Or are they ?
A couple of weeks ago , when Hill and Bill mentioned the possibility of a joint ticket , it was an attempt to undermine Obama and urge voters and superdelegates to put Hillary on top ; the implication was that this was the only way Democrats could have both their stars , and besides , it was her turn .
The precocious boy wonder had plenty of time .
Scientists examining documents dating back 3,500 years say they have found proof that the origins of modern medicine lie in ancient Egypt and not with Hippocrates and the Greeks .
The research team from the KNH Centre for Biomedical Egyptology at The University of Manchester discovered the evidence in medical papyri written in 1,500 BC - 1,000 years before Hippocrates was born .
" Classical scholars have always considered the ancient Greeks , particularly Hippocrates , as being the fathers of medicine but our findings suggest that the ancient Egyptians were practising a credible form of pharmacy and medicine much earlier , " said Dr Jackie Campbell .
" When we compared the ancient remedies against modern pharmaceutical protocols and standards , we found the prescriptions in the ancient documents not only compared with pharmaceutical preparations of today but that many of the remedies had therapeutic merit . "
The medical documents , which were first discovered in the mid-19th century , showed that ancient Egyptian physicians treated wounds with honey , resins and metals known to be antimicrobial .
The team also discovered prescriptions for laxatives of castor oil and colocynth and bulk laxatives of figs and bran .
Other references show that colic was treated with hyoscyamus , which is still used today , and that cumin and coriander were used as intestinal carminatives .
Further evidence showed that musculo - skeletal disorders were treated with rubefacients to stimulate blood flow and poultices to warm and soothe .
They used celery and saffron for rheumatism , which are currently topics of pharmaceutical research , and pomegranate was used to eradicate tapeworms , a remedy that remained in clinical use until 50 years ago .
" Many of the ancient remedies we discovered survived into the 20th century and , indeed , some remain in use today , albeit that the active component is now produced synthetically , " said Dr Campbell .
" Other ingredients endure and acacia is still used in cough remedies while aloes forms a basis to soothe and heal skin conditions . "
Fellow researcher Dr Ryan Metcalfe is now developing genetic techniques to investigate the medicinal plants of ancient Egypt .
He has designed his research to determine which modern species the ancient botanical samples are most related to .
" This may allow us to determine a likely point of origin for the plant while providing additional evidence for the trade routes , purposeful cultivation , trade centres or places of treatment , " said Dr Metcalfe .
" The work is inextricably linked to state - of - the - art chemical analyses used by my colleague Judith Seath , who specialises in the essential oils and resins used by the ancient Egyptians . "
Professor Rosalie David , Director of the KNH Centre , said : " These results are very significant and show that the ancient Egyptians were practising a credible form of pharmacy long before the Greeks .
" Our research is continuing on a genetic , chemical and comparative basis to compare the medicinal plants of ancient Egypt with modern species and to investigate similarities between the traditional remedies of North Africa with the remedies used by their ancestors of 1,500 BC . "
###
By Maddy Sauer , ABC News
A Houston , Texas woman , who says she was gang - raped by her co-workers at a Halliburton / KBR camp in Baghdad , says 38 women have come forward through her foundation to report their own tragic stories to her , but that many cannot speak publicly due to arbitration agreements in their employment contracts .
Jamie Leigh Jones is testifying on Capitol Hill this afternoon .
She says she and other women are being forced to argue their cases of sexual harassment , assault and rape before secretive arbitration panels rather than in open court before a judge and jury .
Jones returned from Iraq following her rape in 2005 .
She was the subject of an exclusive ABC News report in December which led to congressional hearings .
After months of waiting for criminal charges to be filed , Jones decided to file suit against Halliburton and KBR .
KBR has moved for Jones ’ claim to be heard in private arbitration , instead of a public courtroom , as provided under the terms of her original employment contract .
… Congressman Ted Poe , R - Texas , who has been involved in the Jones case since the beginning , will also appear at today ’s hearing .
He disagrees with the arbitration solution .
“ Air things out in a public forum of a courtroom , ” said Rep .
Poe in an earlier interview with ABC News .
“ That ’s why we have courts in the United States . ”
More than two years since her attack , no criminal charges have been brought in the matter , and legal experts say that it is highly unlikely that Jones ’ alleged assailants will ever face a judge and jury .
( Original Article )
March 5 , 2008
For decades , conventional wisdom has held that daylight - saving time reduces energy use .
Now a university study of a unique situation in Indiana has provided compelling evidence challenging that view .
Daylight savings may actually waste energy .
The Wall Street Journal is running a story on a study that unambiguously concludes that Daylight Saving Time not only does n't save any energy , it actually wastes it and costs more .
The study mirrors recent findings in an Australian university and it's a big shame because the concept first championed by Benjamin Franklin more than 200 years ago is now not just conventional wisdom but in widespread usage .
Last year the US switched to summer time , three weeks earlier than usual and added another week at the other end to cut fuel consumption and help the environment .
The concept is that electricity demand falls in the evening because of the extra hour of usable daylight .
DST was signed into law with the Energy Policy Act and was expected to save US $ 4.4bn in energy bills over 15 years and avoid the need for three electric power plants .
So someone has done their sums wrong - either the Government has unknowingly destroyed enough resources to feed a third world nation , or the new studies are wrong .
There are of course , many other factors to consider in this equation – there are documented social benefits to daylight - saving time such as more recreation time and increased economic activity , and others that claim it results in less crime and even less traffic accidents .
Via Slashdot
The Escher - inspired illustration was created by Sam Rohn of New York Locations using mathmap under OSX and can be seen on his Flickr page.via Einstein ’s Lock
Last updated at 11:55 17 March 2008
The Army launched a major public relations campaign today , only days ahead of the fifth anniversary of the invasion of Iraq .
The campaign , entitled " To the Best " , drew criticism from families who lost loved ones in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Rose Gentle , whose son Gordon died in a bomb attack in June 2004 , said the money should have been spent on providing equipment to help protect soldiers .
Scroll down for more ...
Mother Rose Gentle clutches a photograph of her son Fusilier Gordon Gentle who was killed in June 2004 on active duty
Mrs Gentle , who co-chairs Military Families Against the War , said : " They should be spending the money on getting the right equipment .
" They 're trying to recruit but it wo n't work .
You 're not going to join the army if you do n't get the protection you need .
" It 's coming up to five years so it 's a bit sad doing it now . "
The campaign will feature television and print media advertisements encouraging people to show their support for soldiers and telling stories of Army work .
In research commissioned to coincide with the launch , pollsters discovered 87 per cent of those questioned supported British soldiers .
The campaign website will give members of the public the opportunity to log messages of support .
Scroll down for more ...
Current ad : But soon the army might recruit citizens of non-Commonwealth countries
Brigadier Andrew Jackson , Commander Army Recruiting Group said : " The Army makes a real and broad contribution to society , one that is not always known about or understood by the public .
" In this campaign we aim to share the excellent work of soldiers in their many different roles as well as communicating the stories of the people whose lives they have changed . "
The survey also found nine out of 10 people believe the Army has an important role to play in society .
A similar number said soldiers were the epitome of heroism .
Nearly half wanted to see more soldiers on the streets in uniform .
The campaign has enlisted the support of celebrities from showbusiness and sport .
Olympic gold medal winner Sir Steve Redgrave said : " The Army makes such a valuable contribution to society and it's my opinion that this should be remembered and praised whenever and wherever possible . "
The new campaign is the latest admission from the MoD that Britain 's armed forces are dangerously overstretched in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Scroll down for more ...
Frontline : A British marine mans an outpost surrounded by sandbags in Iraq last year
Army recruits have shrunk by 13,000 trained personnel in just three years , with record numbers now voting with their feet and leaving the military .
Despite the massive pressures of fighting simultaneous wars in Afghanistan and Iraq , defence chiefs have slashed manpower targets since they ordered thousands of troops into southern Afghanistan in 2006 .
Even those smaller targets are proving untenable and the growing exodus has left 5,520 posts currently unfilled , including 3,300 across the Army .
The shortfalls are a major headache for the MoD which has had to deal with a series of damaging revelations in recent times .
Earlier this year , a study by the Commons Defence Committee voiced " deep concern " that the Army , Navy and Air Force had faced tougher operational demands than they are designed to cope with in seven of the last eight years .
The report revealed crippling manpower shortages in key skilled specialties , with half the Army 's 130 jobs for bomb disposal experts vacant , and two thirds of posts for surgeons empty .
Last year , Armed Forces Minister Bob Ainsworth admitted it was " no secret " that the UK 's forces did not have " huge resources " available to deal with contingencies elsewhere in the world due to ongoing commitments in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Board Stats : 105 members / 1031 guests Jellystone Membership Drive Update :
In the first 48 hours we 've hit almost 20 % of our goal .
An encouraging start to be sure , but we can't stop now .
We need to pull enough subscription revenue forward to counter severe cash flow deficits resulting from a dramatic slow - down in ad spend thanks to the global pandemic which shows no signs of letting up in the near - term .
We 're doing everything in our power to keep our heads above some very choppy water , but we can't do it alone .
We need your help .
So if you 've ever thought about giving our premium service a try , there 's no better time to do it than right now by taking advantage of one of our discounted multi-year plans .
Thanks in advance for your continued loyalty & support !
In the first 48 hours we 've hit almost 20 % of our goal .
An encouraging start to be sure , but we can't stop now .
We 're doing everything in our power to keep our heads above some very choppy water , but we can't do it alone .
We need your help .
So if you 've ever thought about giving our premium service a try , there 's no better time to do it than right now by taking advantage of one of our discounted multi-year plans .
Thanks in advance for your continued loyalty & support !
Limited Premium Membership Offer
Choose a Plan , Save Money & Help Us Survive the Pandemic
Lifetime @ $ 399 ( only 24 left ) 5 - yrs @ $ 199 ( only 30 left ) 2 - yrs @ $ 99 ( only 27 left )
Nicky had tried cannabis at university A mother - of - three who smoked cannabis for a month as part of a BBC documentary has described how the drug left her paranoid and frightened .
She said that the effects of a powerful version of the drug called " skunk " were " absolutely horrendous " , though not long - lasting .
Nicky Taylor , from Kidderminster , took part in the experiment in Amsterdam , where attitudes to the drug are more liberal than in the UK .
She also became psychotic after an injection of an active ingredient of cannabis .
The drug totally wrecked my mind
Nicky Taylor
This is not the first time Nicky has become a guinea pig - other programmes have seen her binge drinking , and undergoing plastic surgery .
Although scientific research has firmly linked cannabis use with health problems , the UK has , according to UNICEF , the third highest rate of use among young people in the Western world .
Although she had previously used cannabis two decades ago at university , Nicky said that she wanted to find out what would happen to her children if any of them went on to take today 's version of the drug .
Some modern varieties are said to have up to five times higher levels of the active ingredient THC .
After taking a job at an Amsterdam coffee shop she smoked different varieties and strengths on a daily basis .
Her experiences with " skunk " cannabis , she said , made her feel " irrational and paranoid " .
" Some nights I could n't sleep at all , and would be pacing my room , becoming more and more paranoid and thinking everyone I 'd met at the cafe , as well as the BBC crew , was talking about me . "
Although weaker types of cannabis did not have the same effect , she said that her ability to function properly was compromised , making it even more difficult than usual to perform tasks such as putting together flat pack furniture .
" The drug totally wrecked my mind , " she said .
" There is no way I would want to repeat it again .
Nothing made much sense to me any more . "
Pure injection Another noticeable effect of the drug was on her appetite - she said she gained half a stone over the course of the month due to cravings for sweet and salty snacks .
Nicky went to Amsterdam for her experiment
After the month was over , she visited scientists at the Institute of Psychiatry in London , where she was injected with THC alone , and THC with cannabinoid , the combination found in less potent cannabis .
After the pure THC , she had a severe psychotic episode .
" I thought that the researchers conducting the episode were characters from a horror film .
" I was thinking about jumping out of a window . "
A psychological score taken during the experiment suggested that the level of her psychosis was greater than that found in some people suffering a schizophrenic attack .
Fortunately , after the end of the month - long experiment , she has suffered no long - term effects , but has vowed to try to keep her children away from the drug .
Debate needed However , she said a sober public debate was needed about cannabis , as there was growing evidence that it had potentially useful medical applications .
" This is a complex plant , it can do an awful amount of harm , but it can also do an awful amount of good , " she said .
" On one hand you have people who think it is the spawn of the devil , and then you have people who think it 's fantastic , so nobody ever gets to sit down and actually talk constructively about what we should do with the problem . "
Martin Barnes , chief executive of charity Drugscope , said that most evidence about the potential health harms of cannabis had been gathered using lower - strength cannabis varieties .
" The average potency of cannabis available in the UK has increased , and while it is intuitive that greater harm potentially will arise from stronger forms of cannabis , people should n't assume that only the stronger types are harmful .
" A big issue is also the longer - term problems which may arise from cannabis use . "
A spokesman for Addaction , the drug treatment charity , said cannabis was easily obtained , and normally the first drug used by young people .
She said : " Using the drug can provoke the onset of psychosis or worsen existing psychotic illness - so for people with a history of mental health problems or depression , taking this drug is not a good idea .
" What we need is open , realistic education and information on the associated risks of cannabis use and to make sure high quality treatment is available to all those who need help . "
The documentary , " Should I Smoke Dope ? " can be seen on BBC3 on Wednesday 26 March at 2200 .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Back in the 1970s , when I was an undergrad student at the University of Missouri , I took a psychology course that required me to interview someone who worked in the mental health field .
A nurse working at the Missouri State Mental Hospital ( on Arsenal Street in the City of St. Louis ) graciously agreed to talk with me .
The woman ( her name now escapes me ) told me that she previously worked as a nurse at a mental hospital in Canada , back in the 1950s .
Many people do n’t realize that in the 1950s there were very few drugs available for doctors to prescribe for people with serious mental illness .
Therefore , the hospitals often served as places where people with “ mental illness ” stayed for their own protection or to protect society from them .
Protecting these patients was often a big challenge for the mental hospital staffs .
The nurse I interviewed told me about two categories of patients that were especially challenging .
The “ catatonics ” were severely depressed , to such an extent that they literally stopped getting out of bed .
In fact , they lay in bed in the same position for such long periods that they were at risk for developing dangerous infectious bedsores .
Another category of challenging patients were the manics , people who “ raced up and down the halls ” knocking things over and running into other people .
The nurse told me about the imaginative “ solution ” to dealing with these two types of patients at her hospital .
The professional staff took one catatonic patient and one manic patient and paired them up , connecting them with handcuffs .
The nurse was dead serious as she told me this story .
She explained that the manic patient kept the catatonic patient on the move , thereby lessening the risk of bedsores .
On the other hand , the catatonic patient slowed down the manic patient , thereby lessening the risk of collisions in the hallways .
She told me that this handcuff technique was used on a regular basis at her hospital and that it was a “ successful ” technique .
I can’t imagine how frustrating this situation must have been for the patients .
I can only hope that none of the patients injured each other ( or killed each other ) out of frustration .
On the other hand , it must of been incredibly challenging for the hospital staff to deal with these serious types of mental illnesses without any of the psychoactive prescription drugs now available .
I have n’t discussed in this interview with anyone else who worked in a mental hospital in the 1950s , but I would be interested in knowing whether the “ handcuff technique ” was a widespread practice , or whether it was simply a technique used by the Canadian hospital where the nurse I interviewed worked .
Last week , at the London .NET User Group meeting , Ian Cooper talked about Test - driven development , focusing on both good and bad practices .
I ’m a big fan of learning from anti-patterns and mistakes of other people , so the second part of his session was very interesting to me .
Here is a short list of things that Ian identified as symptoms that TDD has gone bad in a project , along with my comments :
Disabling tests to make a build pass :
If the build is failing because of a test , developers disable the test to make the build pass .
This is a bad practice because tests become irrelevant or get lost — people do n't remember to fix and enable them later .
If the test is deprecated , then delete it completely .
If it is not deprecated , do n't disable it but make it pass .
Continuous integration not failing when unit tests fail :
The point of continuous integration is to automate problem checking and prevent a big - bang integration before a release .
Broken unit tests should raise an alarm and get fixed before problems pile up .
If the CI server does not break the build when a unit test fails , then CI configuration must be changed .
Not monitoring customer tests :
Ian put integration and acceptance tests under the " customer tests " group .
These tests do n't break the build because they will not pass for most of the development , but they still might go down from 30 % to 20 % , for example .
That is a sure sign that something bad happened , yet if nobody is monitoring the reports , this will again lead to a big bang integration on the end .
In my eyes , integration tests and customer tests should be split into two parts : the first one ( integration ) should break the build , and the second one ( acceptance ) should not , but it should still be monitored .
UI change causes tests to fail ( interface sensitivity ) :
If tests depend on the UI heavily , then they will be brittle and hard to maintain .
I wrote about this earlier in Effective User Interface Testing .
( 3rd party ) API changes cause tests to fail :
If changes to 3rd party APIs propagate to tests , then tests are again hard and expensive to maintain .
I guess that the bigger underlying problem here is that the business logic is not isolated properly from 3rd party libraries .
Many tests fail when a single behaviour changes :
This applies to unit tests , and signals that tests are not properly granulated and focused on code units , but try to test too much .
Again , the issue arising from this is high cost of test maintenance .
Data - sensitive tests :
Tests that depend on some data pre-conditions ( such as certain records existing in the database ) are also brittle and will break when the data changes .
Test harness should ideally set up all the pre-conditions for a test .
A telling sign of this are tests that use hard - coded database IDs .
( Shared ) Context Sensitivity :
If tests depend on other tests to set up the context , then the order of test execution becomes important and you can no longer run individual tests in isolation .
This can lead to big problems , especially if the test runner does not guarantee the order of tests .
Again , the test harness should ideally set up all the pre-conditions for a test and individual tests should be independent .
Conditional test logic :
The telling sign of this problem is that tests choose validations based on run-time context ( if ( ... ) test this ... else test that ... ) .
This signals that the test is not clearly focused on a single thing , and that the author does not really understand what he is testing .
A quick summary
Tests that break without anyone reacting do not prevent problems from piling up .
This defeats the point of tests being a traffic light that keeps the problems small and prevents a big - bang integration on the end .
When tests fail , alarm bells should ring .
High maintenance cost of tests defeats the whole point of having them , as a way to guarantee that code changes are easy and cost - effective .
Keep unit tests independent and focused on a single code unit .
Then they will be easy to maintain and will support change rather then inhibit it .
Three hundred camps for displaced people have been set up in Kenya
Head of the UN emergency relief operation , John Holmes , said about 300,000 displaced people were in camps , with the same number living elsewhere .
Talks aimed at resolving the political crisis have resumed in Nairobi .
Former UN Secretary General Kofi Annan , acting as mediator , is confident the two sides will reach a deal this week .
Funding appeal
Mr Holmes has returned to Helsinki from a three - day fact - finding mission to Kenya , where he visited camps in the western Rift Valley which have seen some of the worst fighting following December 's disputed presidential election result .
It is a tragic situation in a country which is seen traditionally as a haven of calm and prosperity in a very difficult part of the world
John Holmes
United Nations
President Mwai Kibaki won the poll , but supporters of opposition leader Raila Odinga claimed the vote was rigged .
The ensuing political and inter-ethnic fighting is thought to have left about 1,000 dead .
Mr Holmes said there were 300 camps for displaced people - the hundreds of thousands not in camps were probably sheltering with family and friends , he said .
The UN has appealed for $ 42 m ( £ 21.6 m ) from the international donor community , but Mr Holmes said it had received about half of that amount so far .
" Many have nowhere to go and will be in these camps for some time before they are able to go home and many of them are not sure they will be able to go home , " he said .
" We need to consolidate the camps .
Three hundred is a very large amount to deal with . "
Clinton : ' I Never Give Up '
A confident Obama says Clinton should stay in the race as long as she wants .
March 31 , 2008  -- Sen. Hillary Clinton , D - N.Y. , has a simple message for Democrats pushing her to bow out of the presidential race before the next 10 primary contests are over : forget about it .
" One thing about me , I never give up .
I keep fighting every single day ! "
Clinton told voters in Indianapolis this weekend .
It 's mathematically improbable she will overtake Sen. Barack Obama , D - Ill. , in pledged delegates , and her campaign has left a trail of unpaid vendors all over the country , with $ 8.7 million in unpaid debts .
Democratic officials are expressing concern as to the long - term damage of the protracted Democratic primary race , and several high - profile allies of Obama have called for her to withdraw .
Regardless , Clinton told The Washington Post , " I have no intention of stopping until we finish what we started , and until we see what happens in the next 10 contests , and until we resolve Florida and Michigan .
And if we wo n't resolve it , we 'll resolve it at the convention . "
Pennsylvania Gov. Ed Rendell , a Clinton supporter , said that declaring a presumptive winner at this point in the race discounts upcoming primaries -- including the important Pennsylvania primary on April 22 .
" They 're trying to say to the people of Pennsylvania ?
you do n't count , " Rendell said today on " Good Morning America . "
Even though Clinton lags behind Obama in national polls , Rendell added that there is plenty of time for Clinton to stage a comeback before the superdelegates cast their votes in September .
" If you wait that will change tomorrow , " Rendell said .
" Those tracking polls do n't mean a bloody thing . "
After Pennsylvania come contests in Guam , Indiana , North Carolina , West Virginia , Kentucky , Oregon , Puerto Rico , Montana and South Dakota .
And Clinton supporters are still hoping that Florida and Michigan will allow voters to go back to the polls .
Many Democrats worry Clinton 's only path to the nomination involves destroying Obama with negative campaigning .
While Obama 's allies may be pushing for Clinton to exit , he does not want to give those who have yet to vote the impression he does not want to hear from them .
" This has been a great contest , great for America .
It has engaged and involved people like never before , " Obama told rally attendees at Penn State .
To reporters he said , " My attitude is that Sen. Clinton can run as long as she wants .
Her name is on the ballot . "
And while some worry the bitter fight for the nomination will destroy the Democratic Party , former President Clinton said otherwise to attendees of the California state party convention .
" We are strengthening the Democratic Party , chill out , " Clinton said while stumping for his wife .
" We are going to win this election if we just chill out and let everybody have their say . "
Is Clinton trying to have it both ways on Obama 's experience ?
Nick Juliano
Published : Monday March 10 , 2008
|
Print This Email This Obama decries VP speculation as Clinton attempt to ' hoodwink ' voters Hillary Clinton and her presidential campaign advisers have engaged in a concerted attempt over the last few weeks to convince voters that Barack Obama has not passed the " commander in chief test " and is unfit to occupy 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue come January .
At the same time , Clinton and her team have been floating the idea of making the young Illinois senator her running mate if she manages to secure the Democratic presidential nomination .
So which is it ?
Is Clinton the only one ready to be president " from day one , " or would Obama be the best person for Clinton to pick to secure that role should anything happen to her ?
The dueling lines of argument coming from the Clinton camp seem to create an intractable paradox , and skeptical reporters quizzed Clinton 's teams as to how both contentions could exist simultaneously during a campaign conference call Monday .
" It 's not something she would rule out at this point , " Clinton spokesman Howard Wolfson told reporters during the call .
He reiterated the campaign 's argument that Obama still has not convinced voters he 's qualified to be Commander in Chief , but he noted " there 's a long way between now and Denver . "
Wolfson hedged when he was asked what could change between now and the Democratic National Convention at the end of August ; he simply reiterated that the idea of an Obama VP nod was still on the table .
Obama himself responded to the vice presidential speculation during a speech in Mississippi Monday .
He accused Clinton of trying to " hoodwink " voters by floating the idea that he could be her running mate while he continues to lead in delegates , votes and states won .
" I do n't know how somebody who 's in second place is offering the vice presidency to the person who 's in first place , " Obama told the cheering crowd .
He went on to note the apparent double standard created by Clinton 's " commander in chief " attacks and her musing on sharing a Democratic ticket with the first - term senator .
He noted that former President Bill Clinton said in 1992 his only criteria for picking a running mate was selecting someone who would be immediately ready to take over in the Oval Office .
" If I 'm not ready , how is it that you think I would be such a great vice president .
Do you understand that ?
...
They are trying to hoodwink you , " he said .
" You can't say he 's not ready on day one , unless he'd be your vice president , then he 's ready on day one . "
Clinton revived her White House campaign after scoring wins last week in primaries in Ohio and Texas , but analysts still see virtually no way she could overtake Obama 's lead in pledged delegates .
Voters selected those delegates during primaries and caucuses in the 30 - odd states that already have voted .
Pretty much every path to the nomination for Clinton requires her to convince enough super - delegates -- mostly elected and party officials -- to overturn Obama 's pledged delegate lead and hand her the 2,025 - delegate majority necessary to snag the nomination .
As Clinton and her husband have stoked speculation about a Clinton - Obama ticket , observers say it is an attempt to broker a compromise that would allow those superdelegates to overturn the pledged delegate or popular vote advantages if Obama holds on to them .
" That 's her game .
Get it close in delegates and maybe win the popular vote , then turn to the supers for a majority , " writes Michael Goodwin in the New York Daily News .
" Meanwhile , she wants to get the party faithful salivating about a happy ending where they can have both Obama and her , as long as she 's on top . "
Obama address that speculation too , telling supporters Monday that they could not have it both ways .
" I do n't want anybody here thinking that somehow , ' Well , I can get both , ' " he said .
" Do n't think that way .
You have to make a choice in this election :
Are you going to go along with the past , or are you going to go toward the future ? "
This video is from CNN's Newsroom , broadcast March 10 , 2008 .
Anti-government protests which spread from Tibet into western provinces are under control , the Chinese government said yesterday , as much of the region remained in lockdown .
Thousands of troops have poured into areas with large Tibetan populations in Gansu , Sichuan , Qinghai and even Yunnan , which has not seen unrest .
Many Buddhist monasteries are under lockdown .
But Tibetan support campaigns said yesterday that they believed smaller scale acts of defiance were taking place despite the massive security operation and hunt for protesters .
Journalists have been excluded and removed from the region and little information is trickling out , making it impossible to verify claims .
" Of course there is an escalation of troops .
But we are hearing there are still protests breaking out in different places , " said Kate Saunders of the International Campaign for Tibet .
" Even though there is tremendous fear and many people are expecting the knock on the door in the middle of the night , it seems as though there has been a revitalisation of pride in their cultural identity and concerns about issues of religious freedom . "
She cited reports of a hunger strike by monks at Tarthang Monastery , Jigdril county , Qinghai after a protest on Friday led to arrests and three protests in Quinghai and one in Gansu in the last few days .
Peaceful protests in the Tibetan capital of Lhasa escalated into violent riots on March 14 , with attacks on Han Chinese and Hui Muslims .
Unrest then flared in provinces with large Tibetan populations .
China yesterday revised the death toll from the Lhasa protests to 22 , with the state news agency Xinhua reporting that the bodies of a family of five - including an 8 - month - old boy - had been pulled from a garage which had been burned down .
The Dalai Lama 's exiled government says 99 Tibetans have been killed - 80 in Lhasa , 19 in Gansu province .
China yesterday accused the Dalai Lama of plotting " terror " in Tibet and colluding with Uighur separatists in Xinjiang as it stepped up its security and propaganda drive .
The People 's Daily , the main mouthpiece of the Communist party , accused his followers of taking the Olympics " hostage " to force Beijing to grant concessions on Tibetan independence .
Tibet 's exiled spiritual leader dismissed the accusation as baseless , saying he supported China 's hosting of the summer games .
He has criticised the violence in Lhasa and said he wants talks with China to negotiate autonomy rather than independence .
China also attacked Nancy Pelosi , speaker of the United States house of representatives , who called on the international community to denounce China and demanded an investigation into the situation in Tibet in a meeting with the Dalai Lama last week .
Xinhua said : " Human rights police like Pelosi are habitually bad tempered and ungenerous when it comes to China . "
One of Thailand 's six Olympic torchbearers has withdrawn from the relay - which begins today - in protest over Tibet .
Narisa Chakrabongse said in an open letter that she wanted to " send a strong message to China that the world community could not accept its actions " .
The second bout of public tears just before a crucial primary vote - after no evidence that Senator Hillary Clinton has a history of tearing up in front of the cameras - provokes the unavoidable question : should feminists actively vote against Clinton to defend the cause of female equality ?
She is , it should be conceded , the most viable female candidate for the presidency in history .
But feminism is n't just about women wielding power .
Female monarchs and despots have ruled throughout history - and it was no thanks to feminism .
Few would see Elizabeth I or a dynast like Eva Peron as feminist role models .
What matters is not that they came to such prominence ; but how they did it .
Inheriting office is no achievement .
In some ways , inheriting it , when you could have won it alone , is a rebuke to feminism .
What marks a true feminist is a woman who gains democratic office through strictly meritocratic means .
Think of Margaret Thatcher : a woman who came from lowly beginnings to master a chemistry degree and a legal career in the 1940s and 1950s , who won a seat in parliament single - handedly and eventually became a three - term prime minister for the Conservative party .
Yes : the Conservative party .
You think she did n't have to deal with prejudice and chauvinism ?
More than Hillary Clinton will ever know .
But she never engaged for a second in the gender politics and nepotistic shenanigans that Clinton has .
Thatcher had a rich husband but he was not a stepping stone to politics .
She had two children , but never used them for public attention or photo - ops .
She did it all - indisputably - on her own merits .
Hillary Clinton could have done the same .
She is an extremely intelligent woman , with a strong work ethic , an attention to detail , a passion for helping children , and a fascination with politics .
She remains one of the leading lights in her generation .
If she 'd wanted to , she could have forged a political career on her own , and done splendidly .
She chose not to .
She chose to form a long - standing alliance with the man she married , to fuse her own political persona with a man's , and to win her first national power - as First Lady , with authority to remake American healthcare - without ever being directly elected to anything .
Free enterprise has been good to Bill Gates .
But today , the Microsoft Corp. chairman will call for a revision of capitalism .
In a speech at the World Economic Forum in Davos , Switzerland , the software tycoon plans to call for a " creative capitalism " that uses market forces to address poor - country needs that he feels are being ignored .
" We have to find a way to make the aspects of capitalism that serve wealthier people serve poorer people as well , " Mr. Gates will tell world leaders at the forum , according to a copy of the speech seen by The Wall Street Journal .
Mr. Gates is n't abandoning his belief in capitalism as the best economic system .
But in an interview with the Journal last week at his Microsoft office in Redmond , Wash . , Mr. Gates said that he has grown impatient with the shortcomings of capitalism .
He said he has seen those failings first - hand on trips for Microsoft to places like the South African slum of Soweto , and discussed them with dozens of experts on disease and poverty .
He has voraciously read about those failings in books that propose new approaches to narrowing the gap between rich and poor .
By JUSTIN STARES
Last updated at 00:22 01 March 2008
The storyteller : Misha Defonseca , real name Monique De Wael
The memoirs of a girl of eight who wandered 3,000 miles across Nazi- occupied Europe searching for her missing parents was amazing enough .
Add in her claims of surviving two freezing winters living with a pack of wolves and you have a truly astonishing tale .
Unfortunately the life story that earned its author £ 10 million and was translated into 18 languages was just that .
A story .
Yesterday Misha Defonseca ( real name Monique De Wael ) admitted that her bestseller , Misha - A Memoir Of The Holocaust Years , was made up .
Or , as she preferred to put it , " not the real reality " .
She did not live with wolves and she did not spend four years crossing Europe from Belgium to the Ukraine during World War Two .
She is n't even Jewish .
Scroll down for more ...
Misha on a shopping outing with her grandmother , Marthe Coulon , who brought her up during World War II .
The author had claimed she trekked across Europe living with wolves
" I ask for forgiveness from all those who feel betrayed , " she said , " but I beg them to put themselves in the shoes of a little four year old who had lost everything . "
Rather than being the daughter of Jewish parents , Misha was in fact brought up a strict Catholic .
At the time she claimed to be skinning rabbits in the snow and stealing food from farmhouses on her way to Poland , she was actually a four year old living with her grandparents in a Brussels flat .
The only truth in her story seems to have been the disappearance of her parents , who were deported for their membership of the Belgian resistance movement .
Scroll down for more ...
A life with wolves : Misha playing with a wolf she has helped to raise at the sanctuary near her home in Massachusetts , USA
" That Monique , she 's got some imagination ! " said her 88 - year - old cousin when tracked down by Belgium 's Le Soir newspaper , which revealed the truth behind her tale .
Doubts over her claims arose when animal experts questioned whether wild wolves would have treated her as a cub as she claimed .
" My name is Monique De Wael , and since the age of four , I have wanted to forget , " she told Le Soir .
She explained that she had always wanted to distance herself from relatives who had regarded her " the daughter of a traitor " .
Misha Defonseca , aged seven in 1942
" It 's true that since the beginning I have felt Jewish and that later in life I was able to come to terms with myself by being taken in by that community . "
Her statement , released via her lawyer , continued : " So it 's true that I have always recounted to myself a life , another life ...
" That 's also why I fell in love with wolves , and why I entered into their universe .
It 's my story .
It 's not the real reality , but it 's my reality , my way of surviving . "
De Wael is said to have received £ 100,000 for the French rights to her story , published in 1997 .
The film , Surviving with Wolves , was a hit in Europe .
In April 2005 the Mail also presented her claims in serialised extracts from the book .
The money started rolling in for De Wael after she won a £ 10 million court case that year against her American publisher for allegedly withholding royalties and not doing enough to market the book .
Yesterday her lawyer , Marc Uyttendaele , said : " It matters little whether the account is real or partly allegorical , it is the product of absolute good faith , a cry of suffering and an act of courage . "
UPDATE : Give to the DCCC , the congressional body in charge of electing and re-electing Dems to the House .
They ’re the group that Hillary is threatening to boycott if Pelosi does n’t hand her the election .
Let ’s show Hillary and her rich donors that they ’re no longer relevant in a party where millions of small donors now rule the day .
You can give securely via our ActBlue page .
And , we will be setting up ActBlue pages for more individual House and Senate races soon , too .
My contribution : $
As you know , Hillary got her top donors to threaten to pull to pull their support of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee ( DCCC ) .
Basically , 20 top donors wrote Speaker Pelosi and told her that if she does n’t publicly endorse Hillary ’s effort to steal Obama ’s elected delegates , they may pull their money from the DCCC .
Make no mistake , Hillary was behind yesterday ’s letter threatening House Speaker Nancy Pelosi .
Your top donors do n’t make a public move like that against our more important elected official in the House without Hillary ’s approval ( and most likely , Hillary ’s coordination ) .
The thing is , Hillary has now moved beyond endangering our race for the White House .
She ’s now risking our House Majority .
The DCCC is the body responsible for electing and re-electing Democrats in the House .
By getting her rich super - donors to threaten to stop funding the DCCC , Hillary is threatening to severely damage our efforts to hold the House in the fall .
If the DCCC does n’t have as much money , then every candidate the DCCC supports will get less money .
Ever single Democrat in the House , all 232 of them , are SuperDelegates .
Perhaps it ’s time we asked those SuperDelegates who are supporting Hillary , and those who are undecided and inexplicably not choosing sides , whether they agree that it ’s appropriate for Hillary to threaten a boycott of the DCCC , effectively holding hostage every Democrat in the House .
If they agree , perhaps we can start with a financial boycott of those members themselves .
Feel free to give them a call , and report back here on what they have to say .
MESSAGE FOR EVERY SUPERDELEGATE : Does your office support Hillary ’s attempt to blackmail Speaker Pelosi and boycott the DCCC ?
1 . You can find a list of Hillary ’s SuperDelegates here ( click the link , then scroll down a bit , the ones in the House of Representatives will have a “ Rep. ” before their name ) .
2 . You can find a list of uncommitted SuperDelegate House members here .
3 . Use the House Web site to find the Web site of each House member , and thus their phone number ( and / or email address ) .
THE Chinese authorities had been fearing trouble , but nothing on this scale .
An orgy of anti-Chinese rioting convulsed the Tibetan capital , Lhasa , on Friday March 14th , leaving security forces uncertain how to respond .
For many hours mobs controlled the streets , burning and looting as they pleased .
The approach of Beijing 's Olympic games in August is seen by many of Lhasa 's residents as an opportunity to put their contempt for Chinese rule on display to the outside world .
China 's desire to ensure the games are not marred by calls for boycotts is tying its hands as it considers how to respond .
Your correspondent , the only foreign journalist with official permission to be in Lhasa when the violence erupted , saw crowds hurling chunks of concrete at the numerous small shops run by ethnic Chinese lining the streets of the city 's old Tibetan quarter .
They threw them too at those Chinese caught on the streets — a boy on a bicycle , taxis ( whose drivers are often Chinese ) and even a bus .
Most Chinese fled the area as quickly as they could , leaving their shops shuttered .
The mobs , ranging from small groups of youths ( some armed with traditional Tibetan swords ) to crowds of many dozens , including women and children , rampaged through the narrow alleys of the Tibetan quarter .
They battered the shutters of shops , broke in and seized whatever they could , from hunks of meat to gas canisters and clothing .
Some goods they carried away — little children could be seen looting a toyshop — but most they heaped in the streets and set alight .
Within a couple of hours , fires were blazing in the streets across much of the city .
Some buildings caught fire too .
A pall of smoke blanketed Lhasa , obscuring the ancient Potala — the city 's most famous monument , which covers a hillside overlooking the city .
It is the traditional winter palace of the Dalai Lama , Tibet 's spiritual leader , who fled into exile in India after an abortive uprising in 1959 .
Some of the demonstrators shouted slogans like “ long live Tibet ” and “ long live the Dalai Lama ” .
One group trampled on a Chinese flag in the middle of a main road .
The rioting seemed primarily an eruption of ethnic hatred .
Immigrants have been flocking into Lhasa in recent years from the rest of China and now run many of its shops , small businesses and tourist facilities .
Tourism is the mainstay of Lhasa 's economy and has been booming in recent years , not least thanks to Tibet 's first railway link with the rest of China , opened two years ago .
The visitors are mainly Chinese .
There is big resentment too over sharp increases in the prices of food and consumer goods from the rest of China .
Many residents of Lhasa , suspicious of the new train service , which they felt might encourage immigration , had been comforted by what they say were official statements saying the rail link would help bring prices down .
But they have kept on rising , as they have in other parts of the country .
Residents had mixed feelings about the violence .
Some celebrated by throwing rolls of lavatory paper over wires across the streets , filling them with streamers intended to resemble traditional Tibet scarves .
Others appeared aghast at the violence .
As your correspondent spoke to a monk in the backroom of a monastery , a teenage boy rushed in and prostrated himself before him .
He was a member of China 's ethnic - Han majority , terrified of the mobs outside .
The monk helped him to hide .
The violence was fuelled by rumours of killings , beatings and detention of Buddhist monks by security forces in Lhasa this week .
Access to the city 's big three monasteries has been blocked by police since the beginning of the week when hundreds of monks staged protests coinciding with the March 10th anniversary of the 1959 revolt .
Dozens of them , residents believe , have been arrested .
On Friday morning , rumours spread that monks had been shot dead outside the Jokhang temple , the holiest shrine of Tibetan Buddhism in the heart of the Tibetan quarter .
A couple of monks outside another temple were said to have been beaten by police .
A handful of riot police with shields and helmets ( but no guns visible ) patrolled in front of the Jokhang as the riots continued around them , while others stood in lines at the perimeter of the riot - torn area .
But for many hours they made no attempt to intervene .
After nightfall , fire engines supported by two armoured personnel carriers , moved down the streets putting out the blazes .
But the police carrying automatic rifles atop the armoured vehicles did not attempt to deploy on the streets .
The occasional bang was heard , but it was difficult to tell whether it was shooting or explosions in the fires .
During the evening , Lhasa television broadcast over and over again , alternately in Tibetan and Chinese , a government statement accusing the “ Dalai Lama clique ” of being behind the violence by a “ small number ” of rioters .
It called on city residents to support the authorities ' efforts to restore control .
But ensuring stability in Lhasa in the coming months will be an enormous challenge for China as it prepares for the Olympics .
Many residents expect a massive deployment of security forces over the weekend and possibly a reintroduction of martial - law type restrictions , as in 1989 during the last serious outbreak of unrest in the city ( some say the latest protests have been the biggest since 1959 ) .
But officials in Lhasa had been preparing to host growing numbers of foreign tourists and Olympic visitors this year .
A long - term visible deployment of troops would be , to say the least , a big embarrassment for the Communist Party .
日立と富士通の明るい未来を見た気がします。
｢カラー電子ペーパー｣を使って広告を表示させる、実証実験を見てきました。東京は恵比寿駅にて（東口改札設置）。
上の｢ぱんだがだじゃれ｣を言っているのがそれです。今回は、日立と富士通がそれぞれに開発した電子ペーパーを使用しているそうです。色味が結構違うようで。＞PCデジタル
ところで、｢カラー電子ペーパー｣って、何がそんなにすごいの？
と思ったので、ざっと特徴をあげてみます。
・紙のように薄くて、曲げられて、軽い
・メモリ性あ り
・電力不要で半永久的に使用可能
・表示するものを書き換える時のみ、微量の電力が必要
カラー表示の構造はというと、｢青・緑・赤の3色の液晶を3層に重ねて｣フルカラーで表示しているんだそうです（富士通）。ミルフィーユ方式のその厚さ、わずか0.8mm！
すごい。
意外と画面の切り替わりが鮮明かつ早かったシーンは、以下の動画でご確認を。
これは近い未来、街中にカラー電子ペーパー広告があふれかえるのでは！
昨年末のイルミネーションをLEDが占拠したように。
でも『漂流教室』みたいに、人間がいなくなった世界にポツリと電子ペーパーが永遠と表示され続ける…未来はちょっと怖いですね。まぁとにかくエコだし素敵なわけです。
原理を詳しく知るには、富士通さんの解説をどぞ。
プレスリリース ［JR東日本企画］
（yuka ）
【関連記事】 ｢カラー電子ペーパー｣：重さがたっ た177gのe- Bookリーダー
【関連記事】 au 春モデル 電子ペーパーを内蔵した ｢W61H ｣
【関連記事】 電子インクの美麗なブレスレット時計、セイコー｢スペクトラム｣
( )
( )
SAN JOSE , Calif. , March 29 -- Frank Shamrock promised to stand and trade with Cung Le After living up to his word Saturday evening , the self professed No. 1 fighter in mixed martial arts will need surgery to repair his broken and displaced right wrist .
Attempting his first defense of the Strikeforce middleweight belt , Shamrock , a master game planner , engaged in an exciting -- and confounding -- toe - to - toe affair with the undefeated kickboxer , who 's appeared in just six MMA contests to the venerable champion 's 34 .
Testing the allegiance of 16,326 frenzied onlookers inside the HP Pavilion , the former sparring partners exchanged strikes and taunts during their 15 minutes together in the cage .
Le , supported by his always vocal contingent of Vietnamese fans waiving the Heritage and Freedom Flag of the country he fled as a young child , and Shamrock , bolstered by a red - shirt and - sign waving army , drew several thunderous reactions .
Convinced he was at least on par with Le in the striking department , Shamrock waged a questionable campaign that saw him focus on striking the striker .
With Shamrock seemingly unwilling to attempt takedowns , his 35 - year - old former sparring partner kept up the pressure from the outside .
Continuous movement to the right was key for Le in maintaining his distance .
" Frank wanted to go on the inside and fight with me , " said Le , now 6 - 0 in MMA .
" But I know he was frustrated with the straight kicks .
" Using his arms to buffer the blows , Shamrock ( 24 - 9 - 1 ) shook off the burn of Le 's powerful attacks at different points in the fight .
With time winding down in the third period , however , a left high kick snapped Shamrock 's arm and made Le Strikeforce champion .
" I can feel the bones clicking , " Shamrock said in the cage .
" I just kept trying to fight through it , but , anybody who says Cung Le does n't know submissions -- he put one on my arm tonight -- he 's the better man .
He 's the champion man .
He took me out .
He 's a good man .
" A tight opening round gave way to a solid second period for the challenger .
Having seen Shamrock promise to put him to sleep , Le connected with a straight left to the body followed by a right hook to the head that stunned the former UFC champion .
But it was Le 's kicks , some of the most dangerous in the sport , which were the difference in the fight .
" I just said I 'm going to keep kicking at his head , " said Le , his mouth noticeably swollen from Shamrock 's punches .
" Usually I teach my students to block with both hands .
He kept blocking with one hand like he was rolling with a punch .
I just stayed on it .
I knew he was dipping and I kept my rhythm in the second round .
" Early in the third , yet another kick caused Shamrock to shake off the sting like he'd fouled a heavy fastball off his hands .
Le , now in control , unloaded much of his arsenal save spinning - back kicks .
He 'd been warned off those by his corner at the end of the first .
Javier Mendez , who oversaw much of Shamrock 's career , demanded Le dispense with the fancy stuff -- it gave " The Legend " an opportunity to swarm if his charge made a mistake .
" A lot of people are n't giving Frank the credit he deserves , " Mendez said .
" He 's a great fighter .
" Shamrock showed his championship grit midway through the decisive round .
Countering a kick that was stopped by both arms this time , Shamrock connected with his best punch of the fight , a right hand to the face that sent a jolt down Le 's tree - trunk legs .
Shamrock , also 35 , rushed forward with a volley of strikes and battered Le along the cage fencing .
The crowd 's roar intensified when Le responded with strikes of his own .
" I told Cung if Frank does something to you , you do it right back to him , " Mendez said post - fight .
" You do n't want Frank on a roll .
Cung listened .
" Then came the kick that fractured Shamrock 's distal ulna and forced him to the hospital .
" I caught him in the head first and then I was going to kick him again , " said Le , whose attacks opened a cut along Shamrock 's jaw near his left ear .
" He pulled up his arm and I caught him with a kick .
I heard his arm break .
He kind of staggered back and I just chased him down with punches .
" Le 's round - ending salvo damaged Shamrock to the point that he could not make it back to his corner .
Helped onto his stool , a grimacing Shamrock repositioned himself on the canvas , where a commission doctor examined the injury .
At the time of the stoppage , judges at ringside had Le in control .
Richard Bertrand scored it a commanding 30 - 27 , while Cecil Peoples and Nelson " Doc " Hamilton each had it 29 - 28 for the new champ ( Peoples giving Shamrock the third , and Hamilton the first ) .
" It was not easy , " Le said .
" Frank , every time he dipped , I thought he was going to shoot in .
So I could n't move my head .
He caught me with some hard punches , rocked me a few times .
You know what ?
It 's all about that champion in my heart .
I came back , I fought hard .
And I pushed back .
I was rocked .
I saw some stars .
" Though he had n't asked for it , Le was hailed as King of San Jose .
" He said he owned San Jose .
For me , I did say I 'll be the gatekeeper ; let Frank come through me , " said the new champion .
" This time he did n't make it through .
If there is a next time , it 'll be another great fight . "
NEW YORK , New York ( CNN ) --
The New York Police Department has released photos of a bicycle and a suspect in Thursday 's Times Square recruitment center bombing .
The photo of the suspect , extracted from surveillance footage and released on Friday , shows someone riding a bicycle away from the scene shortly after the explosion .
The second photo shows a metallic blue bicycle that was found abandoned in trash nearby .
Authorities are offering a $ 12,000 reward for information in that leads to an arrest in the case .
The explosion , which caused no injuries , went off about 3:45 a.m. Thursday at an Armed Forces Recruitment center in Times Square .
Authorities were re-examining an incident that happened last month at the U.S. - Canadian border , New York Police Commissioner Ray Kelly told CNN Friday .
Watch new evidence in Times Square bombing case »
A car with three people was halted as it crossed from New York into Canada , a senior U.S. government official told CNN , and the car was searched as a matter of routine , the official said .
Anarchist - type material was found , the official said , and in a backpack , agents found pictures of New York , including ones of Times Square , at least one of which showed the recruiting station .
The people told authorities that they had been visiting New York City for a week .
At some point , two of the three -- both men -- ran off .
The Canadians then forwarded the information to the New York police liaison officer in Canada , who alerted police .
However , it was eventually determined by the Canadians and NYPD that the incident posed no threat .
The official said he strongly doubts a connection will be found between the information garnered from that incident and the Times Square bombing .
On Friday , Kelly acknowledged the incident .
" That stop did take place in Canada , " he said .
" Some pictures of Times Square , including the recruiting , station were found .
Our liaison officer in Montreal was notified . "
He said , " Our teams of detectives that go around and talk to businesses did go out and speak to the people in the recruiting station and told them about the fact that these pictures were found .
So federal officials are going back to take another look and attempting to speak to Canadian officials about that stop . "
Asked whether the attack could be linked to two other unsolved blasts in New York -- one at the British consulate in 2005 and the other at Mexican consulate in 2007 , Kelly said , " There is certainly a possibility . "
" The times are very similar , " he said .
" All three incidents took place with an individual on a bike , leaving a bomb .
So , that 's a possibility . "
Meanwhile , a person who was questioned in Los Angeles about letters that members of Congress received after the explosion in Times Square were " not involved " in the bombing , the law enforcement source told CNN .
" It 's an ugly coincidence , " the source said , referring to the timing of the bombing and the appearance of the letters .
" He is not the bomber . "
On Thursday afternoon , just a few hours after the blast , authorities in Washington said several members of Congress had received letters that raised concern .
The letters contained photos of a man standing in front of the recruiting center along with the statement " We did it , " according to an e-mail from a senator 's office .
Fewer than 10 letters were received by members of Congress , a law - enforcement source said .
All the letters were received by Democrats , another law enforcement source said .
E-mail to a friend
CNN 'S Kevin Bohn
All About Canada • New York City Police Department • Times Square
Ramback : faster than a speeding bullet
From : Daniel Phillips < phillips@phunq.net >
To : linux-kernel@vger.kernel.org
Subject : [ ANNOUNCE ]
Ramback : faster than a speeding bullet Date : Sun , 9 Mar 2008 22:46:16 - 0800 Message -ID : <200803092346.17556.phillips@phunq.net >
Every little factor of 25 performance increase really helps .
Ramback is a new virtual device with the ability to back a ramdisk by a real disk , obtaining the performance level of a ramdisk but with the data durability of a hard disk .
To work this magic , ramback needs a little help from a UPS .
In a typical test , ramback reduced a 25 second file operation [ 1 ] to under one second including sync .
Even greater gains are possible for seek - intensive applications .
The difference between ramback and an ordinary ramdisk is : when the machine powers down the data does not vanish because it is continuously saved to backing store .
When line power returns , the backing store repopulates the ramdisk while allowing application io to proceed concurrently .
Once fully populated , a little green light winks on and file operations once again run at ramdisk speed .
So now you can ask some hard questions : what if the power goes out completely or the host crashes or something else goes wrong while critical data is still in the ramdisk ?
Easy : use reliable components .
Do n't crash .
Measure your UPS window .
This is not much to ask in order to transform your mild mannered hard disk into a raging superdisk able to leap tall benchmarks at a single bound .
If line power goes out while ramback is running , the UPS kicks in and a power management script switches the driver from writeback to writethrough mode .
Ramback proceeds to save all remaining dirty data while forcing each new application write through to backing store immediately .
If UPS power runs out while ramback still holds unflushed dirty data then things get ugly .
Hopefully a fsck -f will be able to pull something useful out of the mess .
( This is where you might want to be running Ext3 . )
The name of the game is to install sufficient UPS power to get your dirty ramdisk data onto stable storage this time , every time .
The basic design premise of ramback is alluringly simple : each write to a ramdisk sets a per-chunk dirty bit .
A kernel daemon continuously scans for and flushes dirty chunks to backing store .
It sounds easy , but in practice a number of additional requirements increase the design complexity considerably : * Previously saved data must be reloaded into the ramdisk on startup .
* Applications need to be able to read and write ramback data during initial loading .
*
If line power is restored before the battery runs out then ramdisk level performance should resume immediately .
* Applications data should continue to be available and writable even during emergency data flushing .
* Racy application writes should not be able to cause the contents of backing store to diverge from the contents of the ramdisk .
*
If UPS power is limited then maximum dirty data must be limited as well , so that power does not run out while dirty data remains .
* Cannot transfer directly between ramdisk and backing store , so must first transfer into memory then relaunch to destination .
* Cannot submit a transfer directly from completion interrupt , so a helper daemon is needed .
*
Per chunk locking is not feasible for a terabyte scale ramdisk .
In addition , there are two nasty races to consider : 1 ) Populate race A chunk dirtied by an application write may be overwritten by a chunk simultaneously read from backing store during initial populate 2 ) Flush race A dirty chunk flush must not overwrite an application write .
Even though applications IO always goes to the ramdisk , in flush mode the resulting writethrough transfer may overtake a previously launched dirty chunk flush and stale data will land in backing store .
Also , so that the backing store always has exactly the contents of the ramdisk for each completed write , we would like to preserve application write order for overlapping writes , even though this can only happen with a racy application .
To give some sense of the resulting complexity , here is the algorithm I implemented to close the writethrough race :
Write algorithm when in writethrough mode Kick writethrough :
If writethrough queue empty , done
If head of writethrough queue does not overlap any member of storing list Remove head from writethrough queue , add to storing list and submit ( else it will be submitted when save completes )
On application write in writethrough mode : ( after populating ) Mark region clean
Add to tail of writethrough queue Kick writethrough
On save complete : Remove from storing list Kick writethrough
On writethrough complete : Remove from storing list Kick writethrough Endio on original write
On daemon finding a dirty chunk :
Mark chunk clean and add to storing list submit it For the most part , ramback just solves a classic cache consistency problem .
As such , some of the techniques will be familiar to vm hackers , such as clearing the chunk dirty bit immediately on placing dirty data under writeout , and keeping track of inflight dirty data separately .
There are significant differences as well , but this post is already long so I will save these details for later .
What Works Now : * Ramdisk populates from backing store when created .
* Application io allowed during initial populating .
* Application io allowed during flush on line power loss .
* Populate vs application write race closed in theory .
* Flush vs application writethrough race closed in theory .
* Writethrough mode on line power loss apparently working .
* Proc interface controls writeback vs writethrough mode .
* Proc interface displays useful status .
Corners Cut in the Interest of Releasing Early : * Simple linear bitmap scan costs too much cpu . * Linear algorithms for list searching will not scale .
* Could use atomic ops instead of spinlocks in places .
* Should load and save range instead of single chunks .
* Serializing all writes in writethrough mode is overkill .
* Introduce populate vs application write balancing .
* Introduce flush vs application writethrough balancing .
* Handle chunk size other than PAGE_SIZE .
* Handle noninteger number of chunks .
*
Too much cut and paste bio code .
Bugs : * Oops on dmsetup remove .
* Buggy spinlocks , so no smp for now .
* Block layer anti deadlock measures needed .
* Writeback transfers sometimes starve application writes .
* Backing disk is sometimes idle while populating .
* Ramdisk chunks sometimes stay dirty forever .
* Undoubtedly more under the rug ...
Plea for help :
This driver is ready to try for a sufficiently brave developer .
It will deadlock and livelock in various ways and you will have to reboot to remove it .
But it can already be coaxed into running well enough for benchmarks , and when it solidifies it will be pretty darn amazing .
Note that massive amounts of tracing output can be enabled or disabled , very handy for finding out how it tied itself in a knot .
*
If you would like to carve your name in this driver , please send me a bug fix .
*
If you would like to carve your name in the man page , please send an oops or SysRq backtrace to lkml so somebody can send me a bug fix .
* Please send beer for no reason at all .
Many thanks to Violin Memory [ 2 ] who inspired and supported the ramback effort .
Can you guess why they are interested in stable backing store for large ramdisks ? [ 1 ]
Untar a 2.2 kernel on a laptop [ 2 ]
http://www.violin-memory.com
User Documentation
------------------
Create a ramback with chunksize 1 << 12 ( only size supported for now ) : echo 0 100 ramback / dev/ramdev / dev / backdev | dmsetup create < name >
Set ramback to flush mode : echo 1 >/proc/driver/ramback/<devname>
Set ramback to normal mode : echo 0 >/proc/driver/ramback/<devname>
Turn trace output on : echo 256 >/proc/driver/ramback/<devname>
Show ramback status : cat / proc / driver / ramback /< devname >
Progress monitor : watch - n1 cat / proc / driver / ramback /< devname >
Patch applies to 2.6.23.12 : cd linux - 2.6.23.12 && cat this .mail > patch -p1
A note on device mapper target names :
There is actually no way for a device mapper target to obtain its own name , which is apparently by design , because each device mapper device is actually a table of devices and the name of an individual target would have to include something to distinguish it from other targets belonging to the same virtual device .
This is actually just a symptom of deep design flaws in device mapper .
For today , ramback uses the ascii address of its struct dm_target as its own name .
If you only have one this will not be a problem , but something really needs to be done about this .
Namely , rewriting dm - ramback as a standard block device .
There is actually no reason for ramback to be a device mapper device other than lack of a library for creating standard block devices , and that can be fixed .
--- 2.6.23.12.base/drivers/md/dm-ramback.c
2008-03-08 16:47:29.000000000 -0800 +++ 2.6.23.12/drivers/md/dm-ramback.c
2008-03-09 22:54:19.000000000 -0700 @@ - 0,0 +1,962 @@ +#include < linux/ version.h > +#include < linux / fs.h > +#include < linux / slab.h > +#include < linux / module.h > +#include < asm / bug.h > +#include < linux / bio.h > +#include < linux / proc_fs.h > +#include < linux / seq_file.h > +#include < linux / blkdev.h > +#include < linux / kthread.h > +#include < linux/vmalloc.h > +#include " dm.h " + +#include < linux / delay.h > + +# define warn ( string , args ... ) do { printk ( " %s : " string "
" , __func__ , # #args ) ; } while ( 0 ) +#define error ( string , args ... ) do { warn ( string , # #args ) ; BUG ( ) ; } while ( 0 ) +#define assert ( expr ) do { if ( ! ( expr ) ) error ( " Assertion " #expr " failed !
" ) ; } while ( 0 ) +#define enable ( args ) args +# define disable ( args ) + +/* + * Ramback version 0.0 + * + * Backing store for ramdisks + * + * ( C ) 2008 Violin Memory Inc. + * + * Original Author : Daniel Phillips < phillips@phunq.net > + * + * License : GPL v2 + */ + +#define SECTOR_SHIFT
9 +#define FLUSH_FLAG 1 +#define TRACE_FLAG
( 1 << 8 ) + + typedef uint32_t chunk_t ; // up to 16 TB with 4 K chunksize + +/* + * Flush mode : + * + *
In flush mode , the ramback daemon stops loading but continues flushing .
+ * Application IO is forced through synchrously to the backing device .
On + * exit from flush mode , loading resumes if it was incomplete .
( Once fully + * populated , no chunk may become empty again . ) + * + * Populate transfers may occur even in writethrough mode , just for partial + * chunks at the beginning and end of a writethrough region .
+ * + * Each daemon write in flush mode marks chunks clean before launching so + * these writes will never overwrite application writes , but each application + * write has to wait for any overlapping flush to complete before proceeding , + * to prevent the latter from stomping on top of the former .
See nasty race .
+ */ + + struct devinfo { + spinlock_t lock ; + wait_queue_head_t fast_wait , slow_wait ; + struct dm_dev * dm_ramdev , * dm_backdev ; + struct block_device * ramdev , * backdev ; + struct task_struct * fast_daemon , * slow_daemon ; + struct list_head loading , storing , fast_submits , slow_submits , thru_queue ; + struct hook * prehook ; + chunk_t chunks , dirty , flushing , inflight , inflight_max ; + unsigned flags , chunkshift , chunk_sector_shift , populated ; + long long loaded , saved ; + unsigned char * state ; +} ; + +/* + *
Attach some working space to a bio , also remember how to chain back to + * original endio if endio had to be hooked for custom processing .
+ */ + struct hook { + void * old_private ; + bio_end_io_t * old_endio ; + struct list_head member , queue ; + struct bio * bio , * cloned ; + struct devinfo * info ; + chunk_t start , limit ; +} ; + +/* + * Statistics + * + * Inflight and dirty counts need to be computed accurately because they + * control daemon wakeup .
Dirty count must be accounted on transition between + * clean and dirty ( in future , also empty to dirty ) .
Needless to say , must + * only account under the lock .
+ */ + +/* proc interface */ + +static struct proc_dir_entry *ramback_proc_root ; + + static int ramback_proc_show ( struct seq_file * seq , void * offset ) +{ + struct devinfo * info = seq -> private ; + seq_printf ( seq , " flags : %i
" , info -> flags ) ; + seq_printf ( seq , " trace : %i
" , !!( info-> flags & TRACE_FLAG ) ) ; + seq_printf ( seq , " loading : %i
" , !info -> populated ) ; + seq_printf ( seq , " storing : %i
" , !!( info-> flags & FLUSH_FLAG ) ) ; + seq_printf ( seq , " chunks : %i
" , info -> chunks ) ; + seq_printf ( seq , " loaded : %Li
" , info -> loaded ) ; + seq_printf ( seq , " stored : %Li
" , info -> saved ) ; + seq_printf ( seq , " dirty : %i
" , info -> dirty ) ; + seq_printf ( seq , " inflight : %i
" , info -> inflight ) ; + return 0 ; +} + + static ssize_t ramback_proc_write( struct file * file , const char __user * buf , size_t count , loff_t * offset ) +{ + struct devinfo * info = PROC_I ( file -> f_dentry -> d_inode ) -> pde -> data ; + char text [ 16 ] , * end ; + int n ; + memset ( text , 0 , sizeof ( text ) ) ; + if ( count >= sizeof ( text ) ) + return - EINVAL ; + if ( copy_from_user ( text , buf , count ) ) + return - EFAULT ; + n = simple_strtoul ( text , &end , 10 ) ; + if ( end == text ) + return - EINVAL ; + if ( n & 1 ) // factor me + info-> flags |= FLUSH_FLAG ; + else + info-> flags &= ~FLUSH_FLAG ; + + if ( n & 0x100 ) // factor me + info-> flags |= TRACE_FLAG ; + else + info-> flags &= ~TRACE_FLAG ; + return count ; +} + + static int ramback_proc_open( struct inode * inode , struct file * file ) +{ + return single_open ( file , ramback_proc_show , PDE ( inode ) -> data ) ; +} + +static struct file_operations ramback_proc_fops = { + .open = ramback_proc_open , + .read = seq_read , + . write = ramback_proc_write , + . llseek = seq_lseek , + . release = single_release , +} ; + +static void ramback_proc_create ( struct dm_target * target , void * data ) +{ + struct proc_dir_entry * proc ; + char name [ 24 ] ; + snprintf ( name , sizeof ( name ) , " %p " , target ) ; + proc = create_proc_entry(name , 0 , ramback_proc_root ) ; + proc->owner = THIS_MODULE ; + proc->data = data ; + proc->proc_fops = &ramback_proc_fops ; +} + + static void ramback_proc_remove(struct dm_target * target ) +{ + char name [ 24 ] ; + snprintf ( name , sizeof ( name ) , " %p " , target ) ; + remove_proc_entry( name , ramback_proc_root ) ; +} + +/*
The driver */ + +#if 0 +static void show_loading ( struct devinfo * info ) +{ + struct list_head * list ; + int paranoid = 0 ; + printk ( " loading : " ) ; + list_for_each ( list , & info -> loading ) { + struct hook * hook = list_entry ( list , struct hook , member ) ; + printk ( " %p ( % i.. %i ) " , hook - > bio , hook -> start , hook -> limit - 1 ) ; + if (++ paranoid > 10000 ) { + printk ( " list way too long
" ) ; + break ; + } + } + printk ( "
" ) ; +} +#endif + + static void trace ( struct devinfo * info , const char * fmt , ... ) +{ + if ( info -> flags & TRACE_FLAG ) { + va_list args ; + va_start ( args , fmt ) ; + vprintk ( fmt , args ) ; + va_end ( args ) ; + } +} + + static struct kmem_cache * ramback_hooks ; + + static struct hook * alloc_hook ( void ) +{ + return kmem_cache_alloc(ramback_hooks , GFP_NOIO|__GFP_NOFAIL ) ; +} + + static void free_hook ( struct hook * hook ) +{ + kmem_cache_free(ramback_hooks , hook ) ; +} + + static void unhook_endio( struct bio * bio , unsigned done , int error ) +{ + struct hook * hook = bio-> bi_private ; + bio->bi_end_io = hook -> old_endio ; + bio-> bi_private = hook -> old_private ; + free_hook ( hook ) ; + bio_endio( bio , bio -> bi_size , error ) ; +} + + static void free_bio_pages ( struct bio * bio ) +{ + int i ; + for ( i = 0 ; i < bio-> bi_vcnt ; i++) { + __free_pages ( bio->bi_io_vec[i].bv_page , 0 ) ; + bio->bi_io_vec [ i]. bv_page = ( void *) 0xdeadbeef ; + } +} + +enum chunk_state { CHUNK_EMPTY , CHUNK_CLEAN , CHUNK_DIRTY } ; + +static unsigned get_chunk_state ( struct devinfo * info , chunk_t chunk ) +{ + unsigned shift = 2 * ( chunk & 3 ) , offset = chunk >> 2 , mask = 3 ; + return ( info -> state [ offset ] >> shift ) & mask ; +} + + static void set_chunk_state ( struct devinfo * info , chunk_t chunk , int state ) +{ + unsigned shift = 2 * ( chunk & 3 ) , offset = chunk >> 2 , mask = 3 ; + info -> state [ offset ] = ( info -> state [ offset ] & ~ ( mask << shift ) ) | ( state << shift ) ; +} + + static int is_empty ( struct devinfo * info , chunk_t chunk ) +{ + return get_chunk_state ( info , chunk ) == CHUNK_EMPTY ; +} + + static int is_dirty ( struct devinfo * info , chunk_t chunk ) +{ + return get_chunk_state ( info , chunk ) == CHUNK_DIRTY ; +} + + static int is_loading ( struct devinfo * info , chunk_t chunk ) +{ + struct list_head * list ; + list_for_each ( list , & info -> loading ) { + struct hook * this = list_entry ( list , struct hook , member ) ; + if ( chunk >= this -> start && chunk < this -> limit ) + return 1 ; + } + return 0 ; +} + + static int change_state ( struct devinfo * info , chunk_t chunk , chunk_t limit , int state ) +{ + in t changed = 0 ; + for ( ; chunk < limit ; chunk ++ ) { + if ( get_chunk_state ( info , chunk ) == state ) + continue ; + set_chunk_state ( info , chunk , state ) ; + changed ++ ; + } + return changed ; +} + + static int set_clean_locked ( struct devinfo * info , chunk_t chunk , chunk_t limit ) +{ + return change_state ( info , chunk , limit , CHUNK_CLEAN ) ; +} + + static int set_dirty_locked ( struct devinfo * info , chunk_t chunk , chunk_t limit ) +{ + return change_state ( info , chunk , limit , CHUNK_DIRTY ) ; +} + + static void queue_to_ramdev ( struct hook * hook ) +{ + hook -> bio-> bi_bdev = hook -> info-> ramdev ; + list_add_tail ( &hook -> queue , &hook -> info->fast_submits ) ; + wake_up ( &hook ->info->fast_wait ) ; + +} + + static void queue_to_backdev( struct hook * hook ) +{ + hook -> bio-> bi_bdev = hook -> info-> backdev ; + list_add_tail ( &hook -> queue , &hook -> info->slow_submits ) ; + wake_up ( &hook -> info->slow_wait ) ; + +} + +/* + * Nasty race : daemon populate must not overwrite application write + * Application read or write has to + */ + +/* + * Nasty race : daemon writeback must not overwrite application writethrough .
+ * Also , we try to have application writes land on the backing dev in the same + * order they arrived on the ramdisk , so that when the daemon has fully synced + * up all writeback chunks , the backing store data is henceforth always a point + * in time version of the ramdisk .
This is done crudely by simply serializing + * application writes when in writethrough mode .
Very slow !
However , bear in + * mind that the line power is off at this point so we care a whole lot more + * about data consistency than how fast an app can write .
It should consider + * itself lucky to be allowed to write at all , its lights may go out soon .
+ * + * Write algorithm when in writethrough mode + * + * Kick writethrough if any : + *
If writethrough queue empty , done + *
If head of writethrough queue does not overlap any member of storing list + * remove head from writethrough queue , add to storing list and submit + * ( else it will be submitted when save completes ) + * + *
On application write in writethrough mode : ( after populating ) + * Mark region clean + *
Add to tail of writethrough queue + * Kick writethrough queue + * + *
On save complete : + * Remove from storing list + * Kick writethrough + * + *
On writethrough complete : + * as for save complete plus endio on original write + * + *
On daemon finding a dirty chunk : + * Mark chunk clean and add chunk to storing list + * submit it + */ + +/* + *
If head of writethrough queue does not overlap any member of storing list + * then submit it .
+ */ + static void kick_thru ( struct devinfo * info ) +{ + struct hook * hook ; + spin_lock ( &info->lock ) ; + if ( !list_empty ( &info->thru_queue ) ) { + struct list_head * list ; + hook = list_entry ( info-> thru_queue.next , struct hook , queue ) ; + list_for_each ( list , & info -> storing ) { + struct hook * that = list_entry ( list , struct hook , member ) ; + if ( ( hook - > start < that -> limit && hook -> limit >= that -> start ) ) + goto overlap ; + } + trace ( info , " >>> kick_thru bio %p : chunk %i..%i
" , hook - > bio , hook -> start , hook -> limit - 1 ) ; + list_del ( &hook -> queue ) ; + list_add_tail ( &hook -> member , &hook -> info -> storing ) ; + queue_to_ramdev ( hook ) ; + } +overlap : + spin_unlock ( &info->lock ) ; +} + +/*
Twisty little maze of io completions , all different */ + +/* + * Completes a transfer to populate a chunk ( later a range ) of the + * ramdisk and relaunches any application IO that had to wait for empty + * chunks to be populated .
+ */ + static int load_write_endio( struct bio * bio , unsigned done , int error ) +{ + struct hook * hook = bio -> bi_private ; + struct devinfo * info = hook -> info ; + struct list_head * list , * next ; + spinlock_t * lock = &info -> lock ; + chunk_t chunk = hook -> start ; + trace ( info , " load_write_endio on bio %p chunk %zi
" , bio , chunk ) ; + + spin_lock ( lock ) ; + info->loaded ++ ; + info-> inflight --; + if ( info -> inflight == info->inflight_max / 2 ) + wake_up( &info->slow_wait ) ; + BUG_ON (!is_empty ( info , chunk ) ) ; + set_clean_locked ( info , hook -> start , hook -> limit ) ; + //hexdump( info->state , ( info -> chunks + 3 ) >> 2 ) ; + list_del ( &hook -> member ) ; + put_page ( bio -> bi_io_vec[0].bv_page ) ; + free_hook ( bio -> bi_private ) ; + bio_put ( bio ) ; + + //show_loading(info ) ; + list_for_each_safe( list , next , & info -> loading ) { + struct hook * hook = list_entry ( list , struct hook , member ) ; + for ( chunk = hook -> start ; chunk < hook -> limit ; chunk ++ ) + if ( is_empty ( info , chunk ) ) + goto keep ; + trace ( info , " unblock bio %p
" , hook -> bio ) ; + list_del ( &hook -> member ) ; + queue_to_backdev( hook ) ; // !!!
_fast + keep : + continue ; + } + spin_unlock ( lock ) ; + return 0 ; +} + + static int load_read_endio( struct bio * bio , unsigned done , int error ) +{ + struct hook * hook = bio -> bi_private ; + struct devinfo * info = hook -> info ; + trace ( info , " load_read_endio on bio %p chunk %zi
" , bio , hook -> start ) ; + bio-> bi_rw |= WRITE ; // !!! need a set_bio_dir ( bio ) function + bio->bi_end_io = load_write_endio ; + bio-> bi_sector = hook -> start << info->chunk_sector_shift ; + bio-> bi_size = ( hook -> limit - hook -> start ) << info-> chunkshift ; + bio-> bi_next = NULL ; + bio-> bi_idx = 0 ; + queue_to_ramdev( hook ) ; + return 0 ; +} + + static int save_write_endio( struct bio * bio , unsigned done , int error ) +{ + struct hook * hook = bio -> bi_private ; + struct devinfo * info = hook -> info ; + trace ( info , " save_write_endio on bio %p chunk %zi
" , bio , hook -> start ) ; + put_page ( bio -> bi_io_vec [ 0 ] .bv_page ) ; // !!!
handle range + list_del ( &hook -> member ) ; + free_hook ( bio -> bi_private ) ; + bio_put ( bio ) ; + spin_lock ( &info -> lock ) ; + info -> saved ++ ; + info-> inflight --; + spin_unlock ( &info->lock ) ; + kick_thru( info ) ; + return 0 ; +} + + static int save_read_endio( struct bio * bio , unsigned done , int error ) +{ + struct hook * hook = bio -> bi_private ; + struct devinfo * info = hook -> info ; + trace ( info , " save_read_endio on bio %p chunk %zi
" , bio , hook -> start ) ; + bio-> bi_rw |= WRITE ; // !!! need a set_bio_dir ( bio ) function + bio->bi_end_io = save_write_endio ; + bio-> bi_sector = hook -> start << info->chunk_sector_shift ; + bio-> bi_size = ( hook -> limit - hook -> start ) << info-> chunkshift ; + bio-> bi_next = NULL ; + bio-> bi_idx = 0 ; + queue_to_backdev( hook ) ; + return 0 ; +} + + + static int thru_write_endio( struct bio * bio , unsigned done , int error ) +{ + struct hook * hook = bio -> bi_private ; + struct devinfo * info = hook -> info ; + struct bio * cloned = hook -> cloned ; + trace ( info , " thru_write_endio on bio %p chunk %zi
" , bio , hook -> start ) ; + free_bio_pages ( bio ) ; + bio_put ( bio ) ; + + list_del ( &hook -> member ) ; + unhook_endio( cloned , done , error ) ; + spin_lock ( &info -> lock ) ; + info-> inflight --; + spin_unlock ( &info->lock ) ; + kick_thru( info ) ; + return 0 ; +} + + static int thru_read_endio( struct bio * bio , unsigned done , int error ) +{ + struct hook * hook = bio -> bi_private ; + struct devinfo * info = hook -> info ; + trace ( info , " thru_read_endio on bio %p chunk %zi
" , bio , hook -> start ) ; + bio-> bi_rw |= WRITE ; + bio->bi_end_io = thru_write_endio ; + bio-> bi_sector = hook -> start << info->chunk_sector_shift ; + bio-> bi_size = ( hook -> limit - hook -> start ) << info-> chunkshift ; + bio-> bi_next = NULL ; + bio-> bi_idx = 0 ; + queue_to_backdev( hook ) ; + return 0 ; +} + + static int write_endio( struct bio * bio , unsigned done , int error ) +{ + struct hook * hook = bio -> bi_private ; + struct devinfo * info = hook -> info ; + chunk_t dirtied ; + + trace ( info , " >>> write_endio bio %p : chunk %i..%i
" , bio , hook -> start , hook -> limit - 1 ) ; + if (( info-> flags & FLUSH_FLAG ) ) { + trace ( info , " >>> write_endio writethrough
" ) ; + bio->bi_end_io = thru_read_endio ; + bio-> bi_size = 0 ; /* will allocate pages in submit_list */ + spin_lock ( &info -> lock ) ; + info -> dirty -= set_clean_locked ( info , hook -> start , hook -> limit ) ; + list_add_tail ( &hook -> queue , & info -> thru_queue ) ; + spin_unlock ( &info ->lock ) ; + kick_thru( info ) ; + return 0 ; + } + spin_lock ( &info->lock ) ; // irqsave !!! + info -> dirty += dirtied = set_dirty_locked ( info , hook -> start , hook -> limit ) ; + spin_unlock ( &info->lock ) ; + //hexdump( info->state , ( info -> chunks + 3 ) >> 2 ) ; + unhook_endio( bio , done , error ) ; + if ( dirtied ) + wake_up ( &info->slow_wait ) ; + return 0 ; +} + +/* Daemons */ + +/* + * Launch the read side of chunk transfer to or from backing store .
The read + * endio resubmits the bio as a write to complete the transfer .
+ */ +static void transfer_chunk ( struct hook * hook , struct block_device * dev , bio_end_io_t * endio ) +{ + struct devinfo * info = hook -> info ; + struct page * page = alloc_pages ( GFP_KERNEL|__GFP_NOFAIL , 0 ) ; + struct bio * bio = bio_alloc( GFP_KERNEL|__GFP_NOFAIL , 1 ) ; + trace ( info , " >>> transfer chunk %i
" , hook -> start ) ; + + spin_lock ( &info -> lock ) ; + info-> inflight ++ ; + spin_unlock ( &info->lock ) ; + bio-> bi_sector = hook -> start << info->chunk_sector_shift ; + bio-> bi_size = 1 << info-> chunkshift ; + bio-> bi_bdev = dev ; + bio->bi_end_io = endio ; + bio-> bi_vcnt = 1 ; // !!!
should support multiple pages + bio->bi_io_vec [ 0 ] . bv_page = page ; + bio->bi_io_vec [0 ] .
bv_len = PAGE_CACHE_SIZE ; + bio-> bi_private = hook ; + hook -> bio = bio ; + generic_make_request( bio ) ; +} + +/* + *
Do not know for sure whether an allocation has to be done to hook an IO + * until after taking spinlock but cannot do a slab allocation while + * holding a spinlock .
Keep one item preallocated so it can be used + * while holding a spinlock .
+ */ +static void preallocate_hook_and_lock ( struct devinfo * info ) +{ + struct hook * hook ; + spinlock_t * lock = &info-> lock ; + + spin_lock ( lock ) ; + if ( info -> prehook ) + return ; + + spin_unlock ( lock ) ; + hook = alloc_hook ( ) ; + spin_lock ( lock ) ; + if ( info -> prehook ) + kmem_cache_free(ramback_hooks , hook ) ; + else + info -> prehook = hook ; +} + + struct hook * consume_hook ( struct devinfo * info ) +{ + struct hook * hook = info -> prehook ; + info -> prehook = NULL ; + return hook ; +} + +/* + * Block device IO cannot be submitted from interrupt context in which + * endio functions normally run , so instead the endio pushes the bio onto + * a list to be submitted by a daemon .
This submits and empties the list .
+ */ + static int submit_list ( struct list_head * submits , spinlock_t * lock ) +{ + // trace( info , " submit_list
" ) ; + spin_lock ( lock ) ; + while ( !list_empty ( submits ) ) { + struct list_head * entry = submits -> next ; + struct hook * hook = list_entry ( entry , struct hook , queue ) ; + struct devinfo * info = hook -> info ; + trace ( info , " >>> submit bio %p for chunk %zi , size = %i
" , hook - > bio , hook -> start , hook -> limit - hook -> start ) ; + list_del ( entry ) ; + spin_unlock ( lock ) ; + if ( ! hook -> bio ) + return 1 ; + if ( !hook ->bio -> bi_size ) { /* allocate on behalf of endio */ + int pages = hook -> limit - hook -> start , i ; // !!!
assumes chunk size = page size + struct bio * bio = hook -> bio , * clone = bio_alloc ( __GFP_NOFAIL , pages ) ; + trace ( info , " >>> clone and submit bio %p for chunk %zi , size = %i
" , hook - > bio , hook -> start , hook -> limit - hook -> start ) ; + clone -> bi_sector = hook -> start << info->chunk_sector_shift ; + clone -> bi_size = ( hook -> limit - hook -> start ) << info-> chunkshift ; + clone->bi_end_io = bio->bi_end_io ; + clone -> bi_bdev = bio-> bi_bdev ; + clone -> bi_vcnt = pages ; + for ( i = 0 ; i < pages ; i++) { + struct page * page = alloc_pages ( GFP_KERNEL|__GFP_NOFAIL , 0 ) ; + *( clone -> bi_io_vec + i ) = ( struct bio_vec ) { . bv_page = page , . bv_len = PAGE_CACHE_SIZE } ; + } + clone -> bi_private = hook ; + hook -> cloned = bio ; + hook -> bio = clone ; + } + generic_make_request( hook -> bio ) ; + spin_lock ( lock ) ; + } + spin_unlock ( lock ) ; + return 0 ; +} + +/* + * Premature optimization : submissions to the backing device will back up and + * block , so there is one daemon that is supposed to avoid blocking by + * checking the block device congestion before submitting , and another that + * just blocks when the disk is busy , controlling the writeback rate .
+ */ + static int fast_daemon ( void * data ) +{ + struct devinfo * info = data ; + struct list_head * submits = &info-> fast_submits ; + spinlock_t * lock = &info -> lock ; + trace ( info , " fast daemon started
" ) ; + + while ( 1 ) { + if ( submit_list ( submits , lock ) ) + return 0 ; + trace ( info , " fast daemon sleeps
" ) ; + wait_event ( info->fast_wait , !list_empty ( submits ) ) ; + trace ( info , " fast daemon wakes
" ) ; +// if ( kthread_should_stop ( ) ) { +// BUG_ON(!list_empty( submits ) ) ; +// return 0 ; +// } + } +} + +/* + * Responsible for initial ramdisk loading and dirty chunk writeback + */ + static int slow_daemon ( void * data ) +{ + struct devinfo * info = data ; + struct list_head * submits = &info->slow_submits ; + disable ( trace_off( int die = 0 ) ; ) + spinlock_t * lock = &info -> lock ; + chunk_t chunk = 0 , chunks = info -> chunks , i ; + trace ( info , " slow daemon started , %i chunks
" , chunks ) ; + disable ( msleep ( 1000 ) ; ) + + while ( 1 ) { + disable ( BUG_ON (++ die == 100 ) ; ) + for ( i = 0 ; i < chunks ; i++ , chunk ++ ) { + if ( chunk == chunks ) { + info->populated = 1 ; + chunk = 0 ; + } + disable(show_loading ( info ) ; ) + preallocate_hook_and_lock( info ) ; + if (!list_empty ( submits ) ) { + spin_unlock ( lock ) ; + if ( submit_list ( submits , lock ) ) + return 0 ; + preallocate_hook_and_lock ( info ) ; + } + BUG_ON ( info -> flushing > info -> dirty ) ; + trace ( info , " check chunk %i %i
" , chunk , is_dirty ( info , chunk ) ) ; + if ( info -> populated && ! info -> dirty ) { + spin_unlock ( lock ) ; + break ; + } + if ( is_dirty ( info , chunk ) ) { + struct hook * hook = consume_hook ( info ) ; + trace ( info , " >>> dirty chunk %i
" , chunk ) ; + BUG_ON ( is_loading ( info , chunk ) ) ; + * hook = ( struct hook ) { .info = info , . start = chunk , . limit = chunk + 1 } ; + list_add_tail ( &hook -> member , & info -> storing ) ; + info -> dirty -= set_clean_locked ( info , hook -> start , hook -> limit ) ; + spin_unlock ( lock ) ; + transfer_chunk ( hook , info -> ramdev , save_read_endio ) ; + } else if ( 1 && ! info -> populated && is_empty ( info , chunk ) && ! is_loading ( info , chunk ) ) { + struct hook * hook = consume_hook ( info ) ; + trace ( info , " >>> empty chunk %i
" , chunk ) ; + * hook = ( struct hook ) { .info = info , . start = chunk , . limit = chunk + 1 } ; + list_add_tail ( &hook -> member , &info -> loading ) ; + spin_unlock ( lock ) ; + transfer_chunk ( hook , info -> backdev , load_read_endio ) ; + } + if ( info -> inflight >= info-> inflight_max ) // !!!
racy + wait_event ( info->slow_wait , info -> inflight <= info->inflight_max / 2 ) ; + } + trace ( info , " slow daemon sleeps %i %i %i
" , info -> inflight , info ->dirty , !list_empty ( submits ) ) ; + wait_event ( info-> slow_wait , info -> dirty || ! list_empty ( submits ) ) ; + trace ( info , " slow daemon wakes %i %i %i
" , info -> inflight , info ->dirty , !list_empty ( submits ) ) ; + BUG_ON ( info-> inflight > chunks ) ; +// if ( kthread_should_stop ( ) ) { +// BUG_ON(!list_empty( submits ) ) ; +// return 0 ; +// } + } +} + +/*
Device mapper methods */ + +/* + * Map a bio tranfer to the ramdisk .
All chunks covered by a read transfer + * or zero to two partial chunks covered by a write transfer may need to be + * populated before the transfer proceeds .
If loading is needed then the + * bio goes on the loading list and will be submitted when all covered chunks + * have been populated .
For now be lazy and populate the inner chunks of + * a write even though this is not required .
+ */ + static int ramback_map ( struct dm_target * target , struct bio * bio , union map_info * context ) +{ + struct devinfo * info = target -> private ; + unsigned shift = info->chunk_sector_shift ; + unsigned sectors_per_chunk = 1 << shift ; + unsigned sectors = bio-> bi_size >>
SECTOR_SHIFT ; + chunk_t start = bio-> bi_sector >> shift ; + chunk_t limit = ( bio -> bi_sector + sectors + sectors_per_chunk - 1 ) >> shift ; + chunk_t chunk ; + struct hook * hook = NULL ; + trace ( info , " >>> ramback_map bio %p : %Li %i
" , bio , ( long long ) bio -> bi_sector , sectors ) ; + bio-> bi_bdev = info->ramdev ; + /* + * will need a hook for any write or sometimes for a read if still + * loading , but will not know for sure until after taking locks + */ + if ( bio_data_dir ( bio ) == WRITE ) { + // !!!
block until under dirty threshold + hook = alloc_hook ( ) ; + * hook = ( struct hook ) { + .old_endio = bio->bi_end_io , + .old_private = bio-> bi_private , + . start = start , . limit = limit , + .info = info , .bio = bio } ; + bio->bi_end_io = write_endio ; + bio-> bi_private = hook ; + } + if ( info -> populated ) + goto simple ; + preallocate_hook_and_lock ( info ) ; + for ( chunk = start ; chunk < limit ; chunk ++ ) + if ( 1 && is_empty ( info , chunk ) && ! is_loading ( info , chunk ) ) + goto populate ; + spin_unlock ( &info -> lock ) ; + goto simple ; + populate : + if ( ! hook ) { /* must be a read */ + hook = consume_hook ( info ) ; + * hook = ( struct hook ) { + . start = start , . limit = limit , + .info = info , .bio = bio } ; + } + list_add_tail ( &hook -> member , &info -> loading ) ; + spin_unlock ( &info -> lock ) ; + + for ( chunk = start ; chunk < limit ; chunk ++ ) + if ( is_empty ( info , chunk ) ) { // !!!
locking ??? + struct hook * hook = alloc_hook ( ) ; + * hook = ( struct hook ) { + . start = chunk , . limit = chunk + 1 , + .info = info } ; + list_add_tail ( &hook -> member , &info -> loading ) ; + transfer_chunk ( hook , info -> backdev , load_read_endio ) ; + } + // !!!
verify at least one populate in flight so bio will progress + return 0 ; +simple : + generic_make_request( bio ) ; + return 0 ; +} + + static void ramback_destroy ( struct dm_target * target ) +{ + struct devinfo * info = target -> private ; + if ( ! info ) + return ; + trace ( info , " >>> destroy ramback
" ) ; + ramback_proc_remove(target ) ; + if ( info-> fast_daemon ) { + queue_to_ramdev( &( struct hook ) { .info = info } ) ; + kthread_stop(info->fast_daemon ) ; + } + trace ( info , " fast daemon stopped
" ) ; + if ( info -> slow_daemon ) { + queue_to_backdev( &( struct hook ) { .info = info } ) ; + kthread_stop(info->slow_daemon ) ; + } + trace ( info , " slow daemon stopped
" ) ; + if ( info -> ramdev ) + dm_put_device( target , info -> dm_ramdev ) ; + if ( info -> backdev ) + dm_put_device( target , info -> dm_backdev ) ; + if ( info -> state ) + vfree ( info -> state ) ; + kfree ( info ) ; +} + + static int open_device ( struct dm_target * target , char * name , struct dm_dev ** result ) +{ + int mode = dm_table_get_mode( target ->table ) ; + return dm_get_device ( target , name , 0 , 0 , mode , result ) ; +} + + struct hash_cell { + struct list_head name_list ; + struct list_head uuid_list ; + + char * name ; + char * uuid ; + struct mapped_device * md ; + struct dm_table * new_map ; +} ; + + static int ramback_create ( struct dm_target * target , unsigned argc , char ** argv ) +{ + struct devinfo * info ; + int chunkshift = 12 , chunk_sector_shift , statebytes , err ; + chunk_t chunks ; + char * error ; + + error = " ramback usage : ramdev backdev [ chunkshift ] " ; + err = - EINVAL ; + if ( argc < 2 ) + goto fail ; + + if ( argc > 2 ) + chunkshift = simple_strtol ( argv [ 2 ] , NULL , 0 ) ; + + chunk_sector_shift = chunkshift - SECTOR_SHIFT ; + chunks = ( target ->len + ( 1 << chunk_sector_shift ) - 1 ) >> chunk_sector_shift ; + statebytes = ( chunks + 3 ) >>
2 ; + err = - ENOMEM ; + error = " get kernel memory failed " ; + if ( !( info = kmalloc ( sizeof ( struct devinfo ) , GFP_KERNEL ) ) ) + goto fail ; + * info = ( struct devinfo ) { + .inflight_max = 50 , + //.flags = FLUSH_FLAG , // test it + . chunkshift = chunkshift , . chunks = chunks , + .chunk_sector_shift = chunk_sector_shift , + . fast_submits = LIST_HEAD_INIT( info->fast_submits ) , + .slow_submits = LIST_HEAD_INIT( info->slow_submits ) , + . thru_queue = LIST_HEAD_INIT ( info->thru_queue ) , + .loading = LIST_HEAD_INIT ( info->loading ) , + .storing = LIST_HEAD_INIT ( info->storing ) } ; + + init_waitqueue_head( &info->slow_wait ) ; + init_waitqueue_head( &info->fast_wait ) ; + target -> private = info ; + + trace ( info , " >>> create ramback , chunks = %i
" , chunks ) ; + if ( !( info -> state = vmalloc( statebytes ) ) ) + goto fail ; + memset ( info -> state , 0 , statebytes ) ; + error = " get ramdisk device failed " ; + if ( ( err = open_device ( target , argv[ 0 ] , & info -> dm_ramdev ) ) ) + goto fail ; + info->ramdev = info->dm_ramdev->bdev ; + + error = " get backing device failed " ; + if ( ( err = open_device ( target , argv [ 1 ] , & info -> dm_backdev ) ) ) + goto fail ; + info-> backdev = info->dm_backdev->bdev ; + + error = " start daemon failed " ; + if (!( info->fast_daemon = kthread_run( fast_daemon , info , " ramback - fast " ) ) ) + goto fail ; + + if (!( info->slow_daemon = kthread_run( slow_daemon , info , " ramback - slow " ) ) ) + goto fail ; + + ramback_proc_create( target , target -> private ) ; + return 0 ; + fail : + ramback_destroy( target ) ; + target -> error = error ; + return err ; +} + + static int ramback_status ( struct dm_target * target , status_type_t type , char * result , unsigned maxlen ) +{ + switch ( type ) { + case STATUSTYPE_INFO : + snprintf ( result , maxlen , " nothing here yet " ) ; + break ; + case STATUSTYPE_TABLE : + snprintf ( result , maxlen , " nothing here yet " ) ; + break ; + } + return 0 ; +} + + static struct target_type ramback = { + . name = " ramback " , + .version = { 0 , 0 , 0 } , + .module = THIS_MODULE , + .ctr = ramback_create , + .dtr = ramback_destroy , + .map = ramback_map , + .status = ramback_status , +} ; + + static void ramback_error ( char * action , int err ) +{ + printk ( KERN_ERR
" ramback : %s failed ( error % i ) " , action , err ) ; +} + + void ramback_exit( void ) +{ + int err ; + char * action ; + + action = " unregister target " ; + err = dm_unregister_target ( &ramback ) ; + if ( ramback_hooks ) + kmem_cache_destroy(ramback_hooks ) ; + action = " remove proc entry " ; + remove_proc_entry ( " ramback " , proc_root_driver ) ; + if ( !err ) + return ; + ramback_error(action , - err ) ; +} + +int __init ramback_init( void ) +{ + int err = - ENOMEM ; + char * action ; + + action = " create caches " ; + if (!( ramback_hooks = kmem_cache_create ( " ramback - hooks " , + sizeof ( struct hook ) , __alignof__ ( struct hook ) , 0 , NULL ) ) ) + goto fail ; + action = " register ramback driver " ; + if ( ( err = dm_register_target ( &ramback ) ) ) + goto fail ; + action = " create ramback proc entry " ; + if ( !( ramback_proc_root = proc_mkdir ( " ramback " , proc_root_driver ) ) ) + goto fail ; + ramback_proc_root->owner = THIS_MODULE ; + return 0 ; +fail : + ramback_error(action , - err ) ; + ramback_exit( ) ; + return err ; +} + +module_init(ramback_init ) ; +module_exit( ramback_exit ) ; +MODULE_LICENSE ( " GPL " ) ; +MODULE_AUTHOR ( " Violin Memory Inc " ) ; --- 2.6.23.12.base/drivers/md/Makefile 2008-02-14 02:01:41.000000000 -0800 +++ 2.6.23.12/drivers/md/Makefile 2008-03-04 21:32:09.000000000 -0800 @@ - 39,6 +39,7 @@ obj-$( CONFIG_DM_MULTIPATH_RDAC ) += dm - rd obj -$( CONFIG_DM_SNAPSHOT ) += dm-snapshot.o obj-$( CONFIG_DM_MIRROR ) += dm-mirror . o obj-$( CONFIG_DM_ZERO ) += dm - zero.o +obj-y += dm-ramback.o quiet_cmd_unroll = UNROLL $@ cmd_unroll = $ ( PERL ) $ ( srctree ) /$(src)/unroll.pl $ ( UNROLL ) \ --
To unsubscribe from this list : send the line " unsubscribe linux - kernel " in the body of a message to majordomo@vger.kernel.org
More majordomo info at http://vger.kernel.org/majordomo-info.html
Please read the FAQ at http://www.tux.org/lkml/
Protesters and politicians are concerned about Mr Wilders ' film
National Counterterrorism Co-ordinator Tjibbe Joustra is said to have warned the politician amid growing concern .
The Dutch prime minister has spoken of fears the film could be offensive and " lead to reactions that endanger public order , security and the economy " .
One Iranian politician has warned of repercussions from the Muslim world .
Alaeddin Boroujerdi , head of the Majlis National Security and Foreign Policy Commission , has called on the Dutch government to prevent Mr Wilders showing his film .
" Otherwise , the Majlis deputies will call on the Iranian government to review its relations with the Netherlands , " he told the Iranian news agency IRNA .
Koran criticised
Mr Wilders , the head of the Freedom Party and a lawmaker , has had police protection since Dutch director Theo Van Gogh was killed by a radical Islamist in 2004 .
Mr van Gogh 's film Submission included texts from the Koran shown against a naked female body .
Van Gogh was killed by a radical Islamist over his film Submission
In the past , Mr Wilders has said the Koran is incompatible with Dutch values .
The National Counterterrorism Co-ordinator 's office said it was in regular contact with Mr Wilders , but would not disclose details of talks .
Mr Wilders has said his film will show how the Koran is " an inspiration for intolerance , murder and terror " .
The exact content of the 10 - minute film is not yet known , but Mr Wilders says he will screen it on the internet if he cannot find a willing broadcaster .
Prime Minister Jan Peter Balkenende said there were " major concerns at home and abroad that the film could be offensive and could lead to reactions that endanger public order , security and the economy " .
" The Netherlands has a tradition of freedom of speech , religion and lifestyle , " he said .
" The Netherlands also has a tradition of respect , tolerance and responsibility .
Unnecessarily offending certain groups does not belong here . "
As well as the killing of Mr van Gogh , politicians are mindful of the widespread protests by Muslims that followed the publication of cartoons satirising the Prophet Muhammad in newspapers in Denmark and other European countries in 2006 .
Egyptian cleric Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr , also known as Abu Omar , speaks to the media at a court house in Alexandria February 22 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Stringer
MILAN ( Reuters ) -
An Italian judge on Wednesday ordered the resumption of a trial against U.S. and Italian spies accused of abducting a terrorism suspect , in a blow to efforts to halt a case that Rome says violates state secrecy rules .
The trial in absentia against 26 Americans -- almost all believed to be CIA agents -- is the first anywhere over the U.S. practice of “ extraordinary rendition ” , whereby terrorism suspects are secretly transferred to third countries .
Italian spies , including the former head of Italy ’s military intelligence agency Nicolo Pollari , are accused of helping the CIA team abduct Muslim cleric Hassan Mustafa Osama Nasr in 2003 and fly him to Egypt .
There , Nasr says he was tortured .
Judge Oscar Magi had suspended proceedings shortly after they began in June last year , saying the criminal trial should wait until Italy ’s highest court ruled whether prosecutors had broken state secrecy rules when building their case .
But after months of high court delays , Magi decided the trial in Milan could go forward regardless .
“ The measure suspending ( the trial ) can be removed , ” Magi told the court .
“ It will not cause any harm to the defense ” .
Prosecutors say a CIA - led team grabbed Nasr , also known as Abu Omar , off a Milan street , bundled him into a van and drove him to a military base in northern Italy .
He was then flown to Egypt , where Nasr says he was tortured under interrogation with electric shocks , beatings , rape threats and genital abuse .
Nasr was freed from prison in February last year and lives in Egypt .
He faces an arrest order in Italy on suspicion of terrorist activity .
NEW DELHI  Could the fast - growing Indian economy finally be slowing ?
In its first day of trading Monday , shares of Reliance Power fell 17 percent below its offer price last month , when investors bought all available stock in the country ’s largest public offering in less than a minute .
The Bombay Stock Exchange ’s benchmark Sensex index also closed down 4.78 percent on Monday , the worst performer in major Asian markets .
Reliance Power ’s disappointing market debut followed days of slower growth projections , higher - than - expected inflation figures and falling export data .
Several initial public offerings have been withdrawn in India in the last few weeks as once - resilient investors rethink their commitment to India ’s volatile stock markets .
In a sign that consumer spending may need a lift , the country ’s largest bank , State Bank of India , cut its main lending rate a quarter of a point Monday , after similar moves by other big local banks .
The OLPC laptop is being trialled in Nigeria
Citing " philosophical " differences , Intel has withdrawn its funding and technical help from the One Laptop Per Child ( OLPC ) project .
OLPC aimed to boost learning in poorer nations via a custom - built laptop intended to cost no more than $ 100 .
Intel 's withdrawal is a blow to OLPC which has found few nations willing to buy large numbers of laptops .
Machine code
Intel joined the OLPC in July 2007 and was widely expected to work on a version of the project 's laptop that used an Intel chip .
Many expected this machine to be unveiled at the CES technology fair which opens in Las Vegas on 5 January .
The first versions of the OLPC or XO laptop were powered by a chip made by Intel 's arch-rival AMD .
FROM THE DOT.
LIFE BLOG OLPC was always going to face an uphill battle when confronted with a mighty corporation like Intel
Rory Cellan - Jones , BBC technology correspondent
Read Rory 's thoughts in full
Intel spokesman Chuck Mulloy said it had taken the decision to resign from the OLPC board and end its involvement because the organisation had asked it to stop backing rival low - cost laptops .
On the OLPC board with Intel are 11 other companies including Google and Red Hat .
The chip maker has been promoting its own cheap laptop , the Classmate , in many of the same places as the OLPC .
" OLPC had asked Intel to end our support for non-OLPC platforms , including the Classmate PC , and to focus on the OLPC platform exclusively , " said Mr Mulloy .
" At the end of the day , we decided we could n't accommodate that request . "
He added that the use of AMD chips in the first XO laptops had not influenced its decision .
She added : " The benefit to the departure of Intel from the OLPC board is a renewed clarity in purpose and the marketplace . "
Prior to Intel 's involvement , OLPC founder Nicholas Negroponte criticised the chip firm for what he called its attempts to undermine the project 's work .
He said Intel was selling its Classmate at a loss to make the XO laptop less attractive .
While Dr Negroponte 's initial aim was for a laptop costing only $ 100 , the final versions that have been trialled in Nigeria and Uruguay cost $ 188 ( £ 95 ) .
Costs were supposed to be kept low by governments ordering the XO laptop in shipments of one million , but large orders for the XO laptop have , so far , not materialised .
In a bid to boost the numbers of laptops available , OLPC ran a " Give One , Get One " programme in the US from 12 November to 31 December .
This allowed members of the public to buy two XO machines - one for themselves and one for a OLPC project elsewhere .
OLPC said the success of this had helped it to launch programmes in Haiti , Rwanda , Ethiopia , Cambodia , Mongolia , and Afghanistan .
The Racial Tipping Point
A few years back , I got interested in taxicab tipping – and what influences how much people tip .
So together with Fred Vars and Nasser Zakariya , I collected data on more than 1,000 cab rides in New Haven , CT and crunched the numbers .
The study ( published in The Yale Law Journal ) found — after controlling for a host of other variables — two independent racial effects :
1. African -American cab drivers , on average , were tipped approximately one - third less than white cab drivers .
2. African -American and Hispanic passengers tipped approximately one - half the amount white passengers tipped .
African - American passengers also seemed to participate in the racial discrimination against African - American drivers .
While African - American passengers generally tipped less , on average they also tipped black drivers approximately one - third less than they tipped white drivers .
Passenger discrimination against African - American drivers was not subtle :
African - American drivers were 80 percent more likely to be stiffed than white drivers ( 28.3 percent vs. 15.7 percent ) .
But as in all empirical studies , you have to ask whether the results are robust .
Do black servers generally receive lower tips , and if so , why ?
Our New Haven data did not have good information on the quality of driver service .
We did a small amount of secret auditing of the drivers in our study to see if there were gross differences in the quality of service they provided .
Our testers :
… subjectively rated the quality of service higher for black drivers than for white drivers ( with an average rating of 4.5 out of 5 for black drivers versus an average of 3.3 for white drivers ) .
But we only succeeded in completing 10 audit rides with participating drivers — so at the end of the day , it was difficult for us to assess whether minorities received poorer tips because of providing poorer service .
However , a new study co-authored by the world ’s leading number cruncher on tipping , Michael Lynn , has found a similar effect in a Southern restaurant .
His article , “ Consumer Racial Discrimination in Tipping : A Replication and Extension ” is based on 140 surveys that he and his co-authors :
… collected during three lunch shifts ( 11:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m. ) at a [ large national chain ] restaurant located in the southern United States .
Focusing on just blacks and whites , the study once again found that :
Consumers of both races discriminated against black service providers by tipping them less than white service providers .
A cross-tab of the raw data ( generously emailed to me by Lynn ) shows that white customers tipped black servers almost four percentage points less than white servers and that black customers tipped black servers half a percentage point less .
But unlike my taxicab data , Lynn ’s survey asked customers for their perception of service quality , food quality , and atmosphere quality .
He also was able to control for the size of the group , the bill size , and a host of other variables .
Lynn emailed me :
After controlling for these other variables … the server race effect is comparable across customer race .
But as a law professor what is most interesting about Lynn ’s article is his suggestion that an employer might be held liable under Title VII of the Civil Rights
Act for establishing a tipping policy that has a disparate impact against African - American employees .
Lynn has a pretty good argument that restaurant policies are a “ but - for ” cause of at least some of the racial disparity .
If the restaurants posted “ no tipping ” signs or instituted “ service compris ” ( instead of putting a place on the credit card receipt for customers to write in the tip ) , the size of the racial disparity would almost certainly decrease .
But the harder question is whether the racial disparate impact of tipping is legally justified by the legitimate interest of businesses to enhance customer service .
Not all employer practices that produce racial disparities violate Title VII .
But the employer bears the burden of proving that the policy of promoting / allowing tipping is “ consistent with business necessity . ”
Today we think of tipping as beyond the scope of legal regulation .
But in researching my Yale article I was surprised to learn that in the early twentieth century , progressives in seven states passed anti-tipping statutes that , to varying degrees , outlawed tipping .
Critics referred to the practice as “ un- American ” and incompatible with democracy .
Former
Yale law professor ( and U.S. president ) William Howard
Taft was the “ patron saint of the anti-tip crusade , ” and Ralph Waldo Emerson roundly condemned the practice :
I sometimes succumb and give the dollar , yet it is a wicked dollar which by and by I shall have the manhood to withhold .
Tipping was attacked as bribery and as “ the training school of graft . ”
In “ The Itching Palm , ” a 1916 manifesto against the practice , William Rufus Scott said that tipping is a form of “ flunkyism ” defined as “ a willingness to be servile for a consideration . ”
Lynn ’s small study of just 140 tips may illuminate another potentially unattractive aspect of gratuities — that they may facilitate a species of employment discrimination .
There is a probably apocryphal story that the word “ TIP ” originated in British pubs , where signs with these three letters were posted on boxes as a reminder that gratuities were welcome .
The letters were an acronym for the phrase “ To Insure Promptness . ”
But the evidence from Lynn ’s and my earlier studies are suggestive of a new acronym : “ To Insure Prejudice . ”
Last updated at 10:01 20 December 2007
A nine - year - old boy was granted a shotgun licence by police who claimed he was " responsible enough " to own the weapon .
Shocked anti-gun campaigners have branded the decision allowing the boy to fire the deadly weapon as " totally absurd " .
The boy can legally shoot at targets , as well as game and vermin .
But in the wake of rising gun violence among youngsters the move has been branded " totally absurd " .
The licence was granted by Norfolk Police in August 2006 , but has only just come to light after a journalist sought the information under the Freedom of Information Act .
The boy , who cannot be named , but lives in Walsingham , Norfolk , is believed to have been one of the youngest in the country to be granted a licence to shoot the powerful weapon .
Jill Marshall Andrews , chair of the Gun Control Network , criticised the decision .
She said : " We have long been campaigning for guns to be available only to those over 18 .
" It is totally absurd .
No one that young could possibly be responsible for a gun .
We should be trying to make guns less available to the young not more .
" Guns and young people are not meant to mix . "
North Norfolk MP
Norman Lamb said he was " surprised at the number of licences granted to under - 16s " .
The Liberal Democrat MP said he would be calling for a meeting with the firearms manager of Norfolk Police .
Mr Lamb said : " Norfolk is a farming community and I can understand why in some circumstances it could be appropriate to grant a licence .
" Every family has to make the judgement on whether it is safe and appropriate for their children to use guns .
" Personally I would make a different judgement , but I 'm not in a position to blame that specific family without knowing all the details .
" I will meet the Norfolk firearms officer to discuss this case and ask whether Norfolk grants more licences to young people than other counties . "
He added : " Combating gun crime is desperately important and is one of the biggest social crises in our country .
" But it is usually perpetrated by people who hold guns illegally .
" Gun violence in London , Manchester and Birmingham , particularly involving children , is truly shocking . "
Richard Dennison , Norfolk Police firearms manager , defended the force 's action .
He said : " This boy is the youngest we have granted a licence to in at least five years .
" There are no specific conditions on shotgun licences .
" If he got it for target shooting there is nothing to stop him shooting game and vermin .
Once you get the licence you can use it for any legal purpose . "
But Mr Dennison reassured local people that police followed guidelines to the letter .
" A firearms officer interviews every person applying for a licence in their own home to check they are responsible enough to hold a gun .
In cases of young people we sometimes also speak to their school to check their good character .
" I stress to the community that we are here to keep them safe , " he said .
" Until they turn 15 licence holders are not allowed to own a gun of their own and must be supervised by someone aged over 21 at all times .
" And the guns must be kept securely so that others cannot access them . "
Figures released by Norfolk Police under a Freedom of Information request yesterday revealed 243 under - 16s have been granted firearm licences in the last five years .
Mr Dennison said : " There is no lower age limit restricting gun licences .
" In theory children as young as two could be granted a licence because the application requires the signature of someone who has known the applicant for at least two years .
" In the eight years I have been working here I have never come across a case where someone who held a legal licence was involved in a firearm crime . "
Some 21,000 people in Norfolk hold a shotgun licence and about 3,800 hold licences for other firearms , such as rifles .
William Heal , Eastern Regional Director of British Association of Shooting and Conservation ( BASC ) , said : " Only children who can prove they are safe and responsible will be granted licences .
" If we are going to produce more gold medal champions , like Mick Gault , they need to learn when they are young . "
Last month the EU passed a directive restricting gun possession to those aged 18 and over .
The directive must be transposed into UK law by January 2010 .
CARACAS , Venezuela
I salute you , Hugo Chávez .
Those are words I never thought I ’d write .
But nor did I think it possible that a Latin American strongman , issued from the barracks , accumulating power through threats , slandering opponents as “ traitors , ” buying support with $ 150 million a day in oil money , and bent on a socialist revolution , would accept a marginal electoral defeat .
No , if it came to the humiliation of a 51 to 49 percent rejection of his proposal to end term limits and undermine private property rights and centralize authority , he would surely use a controlled Election Commission to tweak the numbers for Venezuela ’s glorious march to socialism .
And yet , there was a glum Chávez declaring in the unadorned language no totalitarian system can abide that :
“ The people ’s decision will be upheld in respect of the basic rule of democracy : the winning option is the one that gets most votes . ”
The United States might ponder those words — not just because of what happened in the presidential election of 2000 ; not just because the arithmetic of voting has proved unpalatable in Palestine ; not just because of the past U.S. - abetted trampling of elected Latin American leaders in Chile and elsewhere — but because democracy was alive and vital in Venezuela on Sunday in a way foreign to President Bush ’s America .
The little polar bear being brought up by humans at a zoo in Germany has been getting to know herself - in the mirror !
The five - week - old cub has been officially named Flocke - which means snowflake in German .
Bees are responsible for 40 % of Haagen - Dazs ' flavors currently sold in the market .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Haagen - Dazs is warning that a creature as small as a honeybee could become a big problem for the premium ice cream maker 's business .
At issue are the disappearing bee colonies in the United States , a situation that continues to mystify scientists and frighten foodmakers .
That 's because , according to Haagen - Dazs , one - third of the U.S. food supply - including a variety of fruits , vegetables and even nuts - depends on pollination from bees .
Haagen - Dazs , which is owned by General Mills , said bees are actually responsible for 40 % of its 60 flavors - such as strawberry , toasted pecan and banana split .
" These are among consumers ' favorite flavors , " said Katty Pien , brand director with Haagen - Dazs .
" We use 100 % all natural ingredients like strawberries , raspberries and almonds which we get from California .
The bee problem could badly hurt supply from the Pacific Northwest , " Pien said
Pien said Haagen - Dazs is hoping scientists get a breakthrough in this mystery soon .
Otherwise , she said , the company may have to " re-examine the flavors that we currently offers our customers . "
" We have to ensure that we have enough supply to maintain our variety , " she said .
Additionally , a supply shortage of key ingredients could push up retail prices for its products , she said .
Pien said the company is donating $ 250,000 to both Pennsylvania State University and the University of California , Davis to fund research into the bee colony collapse disorder ( CCD ) .
She said Haagen - Dazs is also rushing to raise consumer awareness about the problem by launching a new flavor this spring called Vanilla Honey Bee .
" We 'll use part of the sales from this flavor help the honeybees , " she said .
" This is the first time that Haagen - Dazs has adopted a cause like this , " said Pien .
" We are taking this very , very seriously because it impacts not just our brand but the entire food industry . "
By LAURA CLARK AND SARAH HARRIS
Last updated at 22:35 28 December 2007
Playing with toy weapons helps the development of young boys , according to new Government advice to nurseries and playgroups .
Staff have been told they must resist their " natural instinct " to stop boys using pretend weapons such as guns or light sabres in games with other toddlers .
Fantasy play involving weapons and superheroes allows healthy and safe risk - taking and can also make learning more appealing , says the guidance .
It conflicts with years of " political correctness " in nurseries and playgroups which has led to the banning of toy guns , action hero games and children pretending to fire " guns " using their fingers or Lego bricks .
But teachers ' leaders insisted last night that guns " symbolise aggression " and said many nurseries and playgroups would ignore the change .
Scroll down for more ...
The guidance , called Confident , Capable and Creative : Supporting Boys ' Achievements , is issued by the Department for Children , Schools and Families .
It says some members of staff " find the chosen play of boys more difficult to understand and value than that of girls . "
This is mainly because they tend to choose activities with more action , often based outdoors .
" Images and ideas gleaned from the media are common starting points in boys ' play and may involve characters with special powers or weapons .
" Adults can find this particularly challenging and have a natural instinct to stop it .
" This is not necessary as long as practitioners help the boys to understand and respect the rights of other children and to take responsibility for the resources and environment . "
The report says : " Creating situations so that boys ' interests in these forms of play can be fostered through healthy and safe risk - taking will enhance every aspect of their learning and development . "
It cites a North London children 's centre which helped boys create a " Spiderman House " and print pictures of the superhero from the internet .
This led to improvements in their communication , ability to develop storylines in their play and skills in drawing , reading and writing .
The guidance is aimed at boosting boys ' achievement .
They often fall behind girls even before starting school and the trend can continue throughout their academic careers .
Children 's Minister Beverley Hughes said : " The guidance simply takes a commonsense approach to the fact that many young children and perhaps particularly many boys , like boisterous , physical activity . "
" Although noisy for adults such imaginary games are good for their development as well as good fun . "
But Steve Sinnott , general secretary of the National Union of Teachers , said : " The real problem with weapons is that they symbolise aggression .
" The reason teachers often intervene when kids have toy guns is that the boy is usually being very aggressive .
We do need to ensure , whether the playing is rumbustious or not , that there is a respect for your peers , however young they are . "
Chris Keates , general secretary of the The National Association of Schoolmasters Union of Women Teachers ( NASUWT ) union said : " Many parents take the decision that their children wo n't have toy weapons . "
Research by Penny Holland , academic leader for early childhood at London Metropolitan University , has also concluded that boys should be allowed to play gun games .
She found boys became dispirited and withdrawn when they are told such play - fighting is wrong .
By Darren Waters
Technology editor , BBC News website , in San Francisco
Every day Nokia sources 329 million parts and builds a million phones in 100 plus handset models and distributes these phones in 70 different languages to 150 countries .
But as phones become less about making calls and more an extension of our connected lives , Nokia is transforming itself from a hardware company into something more converged .
It 's not the parts that matter but what use those parts are put to .
" We 're not a cell phone company we 're a software and services company as well , " Anssi Vanjoki , executive vice president at Nokia , told BBC News .
He said : " We are already living in the converged world ; the spearhead consumers , about 200 m people , are using their devices to be present in the internet 24/7 , using their handsets as multimedia computers . "
" The company was established in 1865 and since then we have changed the course of the company several times from the original wood chip factory , to what is our main business , monetising our software know - how by selling devices . "
He added : " It 's very obvious in a converging internet world that when software , media and hardware come together it allows us to monetise our know - how in multiple ways . "
To aid this latest genesis Nokia has invested in research centres around the world , building relationships with universities and academic institutions .
In the UK Nokia has partnered with Cambridge University and is focusing on the application of nanosciences to the mobile phone market , and has partnered with Professor Mark Welland , one of the world 's leading nano experts .
Earlier this week the firm unveiled Morph , a concept phone that revealed the company 's long - term ambitions ; a mixture of high technology and services .
Morph is the product of nanosciences - a handset that can be folded , stretched , used to sense the world around it , and deliver the high end functions of a future communications device .
Morph is a beguiling vision
Technology editor Darren Waters
Read more on the Dot .
Life blog
In the US Nokia has built a research centre in Palo Alto , at the heart of Silicon Valley .
This centre is focused on developing internet and web applications , leveraging the local talent and expertise found at Stanford and Berkeley universities .
Professor Henry Tirri , head of System Research Centers , is tasked with fostering the collaborative research between Nokia and partner universities worldwide .
" Our research scope is very wide - but we 're not focusing on display , radio technology or battery life - it goes from nanosciences in the UK to services and software in Palo Alto . "
The research centres work outside the roadmap Nokia has for handsets , looking at future technologies and applications from one to three years ahead , three to eight years and beyond .
" An enormous amount of the patents found in today 's handsets originated in Nokia 's Research Centres - from the interface design to improvements in audio quality on the phones to applications . "
These devices can connect the physical world with the digital world
Professor Henry Tirri
He added : " A lot of things that you will see in the future , as Nokia moves to be an internet company , will come from the research labs . "
Mr Tirri said : " Nokia sells 18 phones every second of every day ; that is a humungous computing platform .
" Voice is one function of these devices , but we are moving to a data centric world .
These devices can connect the physical world with the digital world .
" But what are the services which will marry the two ? "
One such project trying to do just that is under development at Palo Alto .
Nokia 's researchers are using the GPS technology in some of their phones to help create a real - time picture of traffic flow .
The lab is working with Berkeley University and state authorities to trial software on mobile phones which will hopefully lead to a better understanding of how traffic moves through a system , and ultimately lead to better information for motorists as they drive .
" We see the intersecting of the internet and mobility .
Nokia has been a device company and that will remain a lucrative business for years to come , but instead of waiting until we have to change , Nokia is looking ahead and making changes now . "
He said the focus for the firm was a " total solution " , encompassing hardware and software , but focusing on a " compelling user experience " .
" The company that understands the end user experience is going to have an edge , " he added .
In Palo Alto 50 researchers are working on future mobile services .
Professor Tirri said the challenge for Nokia as it alters its focus was dealing with the issue of scale , and how best to use the information in the digital world that phones were able to gather in the physical world .
Morph is a future concept phone based on nanosciences
" And what do we choose to measure in the physical world ?
We could measure everything , using the camera and sensors like GPS , which is perfectly possible .
" But the challenge then is indexing that data .
How do we sort and deliver that data back to people ? "
" And then there is a humungous user interface problem - how do keep the experience simple enough for consumers ? "
Dr Shen added : " When technology is below the user requirement , technology drives the industry .
" But once you cross over to the mainstream then you have to look at services and the user experience .
" The real focus now is compelling user experiences .
It has to be user experience driven rather than technology driven . "
Monster vaginas cost German tax payers millions
one trillion
An ever increasing flood of lawsuits against file sharers that are trading pornographic movies is starting to take its toll on the German justice system , according to a well - respected local law blog .
Prosecutors of the German city Essen reportedly were asked to start as many as 10.000 criminal investigations based on the sharing of pornographic material during the last quarter alone .
Even a small town like Wuppertal , home to roughly 360.000 people , gets about 2000 of these lawsuits per month .
Most of these criminal investigations go nowhere .
Only a few select cases have resulted in raids , much less in actual court decisions .
But rights holders do n't mind :
They only care about name and address of the suspected porn fans that get revealed during the initial investigation .
Once a company knows who is associated with a certain IP address , it uses this knowledge to send intimidating letters , complete with cost notices , threatening additional civil lawsuits if the alleged downloaders do n't pay up .
Prosecutors become increasingly tired of being used as some sort of law and order 411 , and they are starting to wonder why they 're supposed to pick up the tab for investigations that are n't meant to produce any real results in the first place .
Lawblog.de reports that investigating a single IP address costs up to 50 Euro , which equals almost80 US dollars .
German file sharers have been mobilizing against this kind of mass enforcement , calling it entrapment because fighting the lawsuit is oftentimes much more expensive than settling it .
Plus of course not many users want to be part of a lawsuit that centers around porn titles like " Monster vaginas " or " Sperm flood " .
Luckily , porn fans in Wuppertal and elsewhere are now geting some relief :
More and more prosecutors chose to ignore the requests of rights holders , according to Lawbog.de .
Wuppertal 's prosecutors recently called the mass enforcement requests " obviously inappropriate . " ( via gulli
British troops began pulling out of Basra Palace last night and expect to hand control of the base to Iraqi forces within days , amid new Anglo - American recriminations about the aftermath of the Iraq war .
The UK battlegroup in Saddam Hussein 's former compound comprises about 500 troops and their redeployment to the city 's airbase is the penultimate stage of Britain 's presence in the country .
Their withdrawal will be followed by the handover of the city itself to the Iraqi authorities in the autumn , the Ministry of Defence said .
The MoD statement released last night said : " Handing over Basra Palace to the Iraqi authorities has long been our intention , as we have stated publicly on numerous occasions .
We expect the handover to occur in the next few days .
" The Iraqi security forces want to take full responsibility for their own security and the handover is a step towards that goal .
The decision is an Iraqi - led initiative and is part of a coalition - endorsed process , developed in consultation with the Iraqi government , and follows the successful handover of several other bases within and around the city . "
The symbolic withdrawal marks the latest phase of Britain 's disengagement from the conflict and will be seen as significant given the recent discord between the UK and US on Iraq .
" Iraqi forces are already deployed and concentrated in the palace , " General Mohan al Fireji , a senior Iraqi commander , said at a press conference in the southern city .
" The Iraqi forces are ready to take security responsibility in Basra . "
The prime minister , Gordon Brown , has come under increasing pressure to announce a timetable for the complete withdrawal of UK troops from Iraq - but has refused to do so .
The shadow defence secretary , Liam Fox , said : " This is not an unexpected move , but the families of the service personnel involved will want to know that every possible precaution has been taken to maximise their safety during this period .
" Our troops must not be put at needless risk to satisfy the political needs of Gordon Brown 's government , any moves must be based upon the military reality on the ground . "
The Liberal Democrat leader , Sir Menzies Campbell , said : " The inevitable retreat from central Basra underlines the futility of the continuing British presence in Iraq .
" We have heard from the most senior British military voices their concern about the lack of post - invasion planning .
" Nothing confirms that more than the fact the British troops will now be confined to Basra airport , an area which is impossible to defend and from where they cannot conceivably carry out any useful military function other than training the Iraqi army . "
Transatlantic strains over Iraq continued at the weekend with an attack on the US from a second retired British general .
Major General Tim Cross , the deputy head of the coalition 's Office of Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance , denounced Washington 's postwar policy as " fatally flawed " .
He insisted he had raised serious concerns about the country sliding into chaos with Donald Rumsfeld , the US defence secretary at the time , but he had " dismissed " the warnings .
" The US had already convinced themselves that Iraq would emerge reasonably quickly as a stable democracy , " he told the Sunday Mirror .
" Anybody who tried to tell them anything that challenged that idea - they simply shut it out . "
On Friday Major General Sir Mike Jackson , head of the army in 2003 , called the American approach " intellectually bankrupt " .
Sir Mike also singled out Mr Rumsfeld for criticism , saying his claim that US forces " do n't do nation - building " was " nonsensical " .
An MoD spokesman said last night that both men had served their country and were entitled to their opinions .
By Dave Lindorff
Way back in October of 2005 , when the publisher of St. Martin's Press contacted my agent and asked if I would do a book on impeaching President Bush , I remember thinking it was a wacky , if interesting , idea .
Certainly almost nobody was talking about it .
Not in the media , not in Congress , and not even at the occasional anti-war march .
I took the job ( who 's going to turn down a decent advance ? ) , but had in mind a book written with a light touch - - a sense of humor -- figuring that as evil as the Bush / Cheney regime was , there was also much to laugh at .
In short order , though , things got serious .
There was the " Scooter " Libby investigation into the admiinistration 's outing of CIA operative Valerie Plame , and James Risen 's belated story in the New York Times about the administration 's illegal NSA spying operation on American citizens .
And late that year , Rep. John Conyers , the minority leader on the House Judiciary Committee , issued a report ( later a book ) laying out the impeachable crimes of Bush and Cheney .
As I got down to writing , with my co-author Barbara Olshansky , it was starting to look like impeachment was a serious possibility .
Over the months during the early spring that the book , The Case for Impeachment , went through the edit process , the case for impeachment grew even stronger , with news of presidential signing statements and reports that the president was claiming dictatorial powers to ignore laws passed by the Congress , and that he had authorized torture , in violation of international and US criminal law .
As well , the extent of his and Cheney 's lies about the reasons for invading Iraq became more evident by the day .
Then came the 2006 off - year Congressional election , and the new Democratic Speaker Nancy Pelosi 's arch assertion that impeachment , in a Democratic House , would be " off the table . "
Suddenly , no matter how serious the crimes and the abuses of power , no matter that a majority of Americans wanted impeachment hearings , impeachment became , for the power elite and the media , a non-issue .
It would go nowhere in Congress , and it would not be reported in the newsmedia .
Even when Rep. Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) , finally , in April of 2007 , finally introduced an actual bill of impeachment against Vice President Cheney , it was hardly even mentioned in the national news .
John Conyers , now Chair of the House Judiciary Committee , where impeachment hearings would be held , was reduced to an embarrassing puppet of Pelosi , repeatedly telling progressive groups that the president needed to be removed , and then just as repeatedly backing away from any kind of action .
Kucinich 's bill remains stalled in his committee , nine months after it was filed , though over that period , his bill has gained 24 co-sponsors .
But over the past month , things have begun to move .
First , three members of the House Judiciary Committee , led by Rep. Robert Wexler , a six - term Democrat from south Florida , announced their intention to ask Conyers and Pelosi to start hearings on whether Cheney had committed impeachable crimes and abuses of power .
Wexler and his colleagues , Reps. Luis Gutierrez ( D - IL ) and Tammy Baldwin ( D - WI ) , are mainstream members of the House Democratic Caucus , not progressive fire - brands .
They were later joined by Rep. Anthony Wiener .
Now , in what could be a tipping point for Cheney 's fortunes , another member of the House has issued a call for impeachment hearings .
This time it 's Rep. Mike Michaud of Maine .
What makes Michaud different is that he is a self - described " blue - dog " Democrat -- one of those conservative members of the Democratic Party who often vote with Republicans , who originally supported the Iraq War ( though he is now for cutting off funding for that criminal adventure ) , and who tend to look for bi-partisanship instead of political confrontation .
Despite his political predilections , Michaud , in a letter to Rep.
Conyers , says :
I write today to request that you include vigorous hearings into the abuses of power by this Administration and include impeachment hearings of Vice President Richard Cheney in the Judiciary Committee schedule for the second session of the 110th Congress .
As you are aware , the House of Representatives voted on November 7th to send a resolution of impeachment of Vice President Cheney to the Judiciary Committee .
I urge you to commence these proceedings .
There is no doubt that at the very least this Administration has dangerously expanded the scope of executive authority and flaunted the constitutionally defined separation of powers .
Serious allegations have been raised against the Vice President regarding his role in mischaracterizing information that led to the invasion of Iraq , in similarly mischaracterizing information about Iran 's nuclear program , the outing of a CIA agent as political retaliation , the abuse of detainees in contravention of the Geneva Conventions , and the illegal wiretapping of American citizens .
As a recent poll indicates , 70 % of the American public believes that the Vice President has abused his power .
This is not an attack on Vice President Cheney or any other member of this Administration .
Impeachment investigations must not be about the man or his personal life ; they must focus on whether the office of the Vice President has illegally expanded its power or abused the law .
Expansions and potential abuses of power by this Administration become precedents for future ones , which lead to further erosions of our constitutional rights .
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
Compassionate conservatism at it 's finest .
Romney talking to CNN's Anderson Cooper about his economic ideas for the future of America .
Cooper :
If you were president , what additional steps would you take to try and avoid a recession ?
Romney : ... and finally one more thing .
I think people sixty five and older should not have payroll taxes taken out of their wages to allow folks to stay in the work force and to keep more of their income .
They 've paid for social security already .
Let 's build up our work force and not go outside of the country to bring immigrants .
Let 's let our own people keep more of their money and stay in the work force .
Download Download
Part of Mitt Romney 's long term economic growth plan would be to increase the size of the US work force by cutting the taxes from people 65 years old and higher to keep them working longer .
You gotta raise the amount of Bill O'Reilly 's demographic substantially in Romney 's world to save our economy and beat back those pesky immigrants .
Get off the couch , dammit !
Are n't these people supposed to be collecting social security checks instead of pounding the pavement ?
List the jobs this new powerful work force would be able to harness ....
" Mitt Romney : Live Longer --- Work Harder . "
This is the guy Limbaugh and FOX News is stumping for now .
Geez . ( h/t billw )
The “ Energy Plus ” office building , to be located outside of Paris , is designed to produce all its own energy for heating , lighting and air conditioning .
This zero-energy building , according to the designers , will be the greenest office building ever created .
It will accomplish this by having more solar panels on its roof than any other building – producing enough energy to power the entire building and still feed extra back into the grid .
Its unique cooling system will take cold water from the river Seine and pump it around the building – eliminating the need for a traditional air conditioner .
The 70,000 - square - meter building will also utilize cutting edge insulation , reducing amount of electricity consumption per square meter of office space per year to 16 kilowatts , the lowest in the world for a building of its size .
The building is expected to house up to 5,000 people .
It ’s expected to cost approximately 25 % to 30 % more than a traditional office building .
It was designed by Skidmore Owings & Merrill , the architectural firm behind New York ’s upcoming Freedom Tower .
In France , 47 percent of pollution comes from real estate , 33 percent is from industry and 23 percent comes from cars .
Via : PSFK via Daily Telegraph
Plants trees and algae do it .
Even some bacteria and moss do it , but scientists have had a difficult time developing methods to turn sunlight into useful fuel .
Now , Penn State researchers have a proof - of - concept device that can split water and produce recoverable hydrogen .
" This is a proof - of - concept system that is very inefficient .
But ultimately , catalytic systems with 10 to 15 percent solar conversion efficiency might be achievable , " says Thomas E. Mallouk , the DuPont Professor of Materials Chemistry and Physics .
" If this could be realized , water photolysis would provide a clean source of hydrogen fuel from water and sunlight . "
Although solar cells can now produce electricity from visible light at efficiencies of greater than 10 percent , solar hydrogen cells – like those developed by Craig Grimes , professor of electrical engineering at Penn State – have been limited by the poor spectral response of the semiconductors used .
In principle , molecular light absorbers can use more of the visible spectrum in a process that is mimetic of natural photosynthesis .
Photosynthesis uses chlorophyll and other dye molecules to absorb visible light .
So far , experiments with natural and synthetic dye molecules have produced either hydrogen or oxygen - using chemicals consumed in the process , but have not yet created an ongoing , continuous process .
Those processes also generally would cost more than splitting water with electricity .
One reason for the difficulty is that once produced , hydrogen and oxygen easily recombine .
The catalysts that have been used to study the oxygen and hydrogen half - reactions are also good catalysts for the recombination reaction .
Mallouk and W. Justin Youngblood , postdoctoral fellow in chemistry , together with collaborators at Arizona State University , developed a catalyst system that , combined with a dye , can mimic the electron transfer and water oxidation processes that occur in plants during photosynthesis .
They reported the results of their experiments at the annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science today in Boston .
The key to their process is a tiny complex of molecules with a center catalyst of iridium oxide molecules surrounded by orange - red dye molecules .
These clusters are about 2 nanometers in diameter with the catalyst and dye components approximately the same size .
The researchers chose orange - red dye because it absorbs sunlight in the blue range , which has the most energy .
The dye used has also been thoroughly studied in previous artificial photosynthesis experiments .
They space the dye molecules around the center core leaving surface area on the catalyst for the reaction .
When visible light strikes the dye , the energy excites electrons in the dye , which , with the help of the catalyst , can split the water molecule , creating free oxygen .
" Each surface iridium atom can cycle through the water oxidation reaction about 50 times per second , " says Mallouk .
" That is about three orders of magnitude faster than the next best synthetic catalysts , and comparable to the turnover rate of Photosystem II in green plant photosynthesis . "
Photosystem II is the protein complex in plants that oxidizes water and starts the photosynthetic process .
The researchers impregnated a titanium dioxide electrode with the catalyst complex for the anode and used a platinum cathode .
They immersed the electrodes in a salt solution , but separated them from each other to avoid the problem of the hydrogen and oxygen recombining .
Light need only shine on the dye - sensitized titanium dioxide anode for the system to work .
This type of cell is similar to those that produce electricity , but the addition of the catalyst allows the reaction to split the water into its component gases .
The water splitting requires 1.23 volts , and the current experimental configuration cannot quite achieve that level so the researchers add about 0.3 volts from an outside source .
Their current system achieves an efficiency of about 0.3 percent .
" Nature is only 1 to 3 percent efficient with photosynthesis , " says Mallouk .
" Which is why you can not expect the clippings from your lawn to power your house and your car .
We would like not to have to use all the land area that is used for agriculture to get the energy we need from solar cells . "
The researchers have a variety of approaches to improve the process .
They plan to investigate improving the efficiency of the dye , improving the catalyst and adjusting the general geometry of the system .
Rather than spherical dye catalyst complexes , a different geometry that keeps more of the reacting area available to the sun and the reactants might be better .
Improvements to the overall geometry may also help .
" At every branch in the process , there is a choice , " says Mallouk .
" The question is how to get the electrons to stay in the proper path and not , for example , release their energy and go down to ground state without doing any work . "
The distance between molecules is important in controlling the rate of electron transfer and getting the electrons where they need to go .
By shortening some of the distances and making others longer , more of the electrons would take the proper path and put their energy to work splitting water and producing hydrogen .
Source : Penn State
Explore further Exciting new material uses solar energy to remove man-made dye pollutants from water
UNITED NATIONS ( Reuters ) -
By the end of this year one half of the world ’s population will be living in cities for the first time in human history , the United Nations said in a new report released on Tuesday .
Stranded train passengers wait outside a railway station in China 's southern city of Guangzhou February 1 , 2008 .
By the end of this year one half of the world 's population will be living in cities for the first time in human history , the United Nations said in a new report released on Tuesday .
REUTERS / Bobby Yip
According to the report , by the year 2050 there will be 6.4 billion people living in cities , up from 3.3 billion at present .
The world ’s total population is expected to rise to 9.2 billion in 2050 from the current figure of 6.7 billion .
As urbanization increases , the world ’s rural population is expected to begin declining in around a decade and should fall to 2.8 billion people in 2050 from 3.4 billion in 2007 , the report said .
Some countries , like India -- home to two of the world ’s biggest metropolises , Mumbai and Delhi with 19 and 18.8 million people respectively in 2007 -- aim to slow down the process of urbanization by encouraging development of rural areas .
Despite the challenges urbanization poses for governments and local authorities , Hania Zlotnik , head of the U.N. Population Division , told reporters urbanization is generally a sign of a lively economy .
“ Governments would be well advised that urban growth is a proof of economic dynamism , ” Zlotnik told reporters .
Still , intense urbanization and the expected addition of eight new “ megacities ” -- cities with 10 million or more inhabitants -- by the year 2025 will pose new challenges .
Governments need to make sure large urban populations have access to basic services , above all health care , Zlotnik said .
Asia and Africa are still mostly rural but will see booming urban populations over the next few decades .
Both have around 40 percent in cities and 60 percent in the countryside now .
But this is steadily changing .
Half of Africa ’s population will be in cities by between 2045 and 2050 while Asia will reach that point between 2020 and 2025 , Zlotnik said .
MEGACITIES
Around 40 percent of China ’s population is in cities now , a figure that is expected to exceed 70 percent by 2050 , when over 1 billion people will be living in Chinese cities , she said .
By 2025 , China ’s booming foreign investment center Shenzhen , which borders Hong Kong , will join Beijing and Shanghai as China ’s third megacity with 10.2 million people , the U.N. report projected .
The world ’s second most populous country , India , has only 29 percent of its population in cities at the moment .
By 2050 , India will have 55 percent of its people in urban centers .
“ India is expected to urbanize much less than China and therefore it ’s expected to remain the country with the world ’s largest rural population , ” Zlotnik said .
But India will get two new megacities to join Mumbai and Delhi by 2025 -- Calcutta , which will have an estimated 20.6 million people , and Madras with 10.1 million .
Europe will continue to lag well behind the urbanization seen elsewhere , the U.N. report said .
Of the 19 megacities today , the only European metropolises are Moscow and Istanbul .
By 2025 there will be 27 megacities and Europe will add only one more to the list -- Paris .
It will have an estimated 10 million people , making it number 27 on the list .
Tokyo is projected to remain the most populous city in the world .
With 35.7 million people in its urban agglomeration at last count , this should rise to 36.4 million by 2025 , it said .
Africa currently has only one megacity -- Egypt ’s capital Cairo .
Joining the ranks of megacities by 2025 will be Kinshasa in the Democratic Republic of Congo and Lagos , Nigeria .
SEPTEMBER 21--Topless ?
Wrapped in a towel ?
Sporting a tube top ?
We 're not sure what these 13 recently arrested gals were ( or were n't ) wearing during their mug shot sessions , since law enforcement personnel were extremely careful with their photographic composition .
For which , in some cases , you should be grateful .
( 13 pages )
Every time we start to think that street art is starting to get a bit tired and boring , along - out of nowhere - comes something that reconnects us with why we fell in love with street art in the first place .
The story we heard at dinner tonight is that there ’s an artist who ’s been making these animals out of discarded plastic bags .
He ( or she ) ties the bags to the ventilation grates above the subway lines so that when the subway rushes through underneath , the animal jumps up and springs to life .
( Thanks Trish for sharing the photos with us ! )
Earlier this month , I began talking about the new software Mafia , aka the Business Software Alliance ( check out " The software protection racket , Part 1 and Part 2 " ) .
Two goals this week : get the BSA to tell me what prompts a software audit , and get Microsoft - one of the primary forces behind the BSA - to define piracy .
Oh , yes , I also asked Microsoft about how it helps customers prove their software is legal .
Sadly , the tradition of asking direct questions and getting direct answers has gone out of style at the Bully Software Alliance .
Me :
What kinds of evidence do tipsters bring to you that prompts software audits ?
Jenny Blank , Director of Enforcement for the BSA : " Depends on the case . "
That ’s a fancy way of saying " no comment , " is n't it ?
Further , they " wo n't discuss the kinds of people who call us . "
So I tried again : What motivates people to call the BSA ?
Blank : " It 's hard to know .
Often they are the stereotypical disgruntled former employee .
But the issue is not what motivated them , but do they have a story to tell us . "
Let 's dispense with euphemisms : the tipsters are rats .
They are motivated not by concerns about the welfare of software giants like Microsoft missing a few dollars , but by the huge rewards the Bully Software Alliance dangles .
By huge I mean up to $ 200,000 , just recently increased from $ 50,000 .
But Blank has no clue what motivates them , except when I asked about reports that the rats are the very software administrators trusted by companies to track license compliance .
Blank says
" We have no reason to believe we 've investigated cases where that 's been a problem . "
Judging by what attorney Rob Scott of Scott & Scott LLP says , that 's stretching the truth .
Clients regularly tell Scott they feel strongly the person making the report to the BSA was their employee in charge of software compliance .
But companies will never know who squealed .
Blank says , since these are n't criminal proceedings , you do n't get to face your accuser in court .
In fact , Blank says they 'll fight in court to keep the rat 's name a secret .
But she assures me they " vet " the rats , er , informants completely before proceeding against a company .
Guess we 'll just have to trust her to really , really make sure the rat is motivated by doing the right thing rather than simply chasing the reward money .
Going to court is an interesting topic as well .
I asked Blank which court cases are in the legal databases so I could look them up , since I had n't found any settled court cases with the BSA 's name .
" Litigation is in the names of the members , since they are the actual owners of the copyright , not the BSA , " she said .
Still lacking any court cases after more searching , I followed up with an e-mail asking for names of specific court cases .
Blank , via e-mail : " We do n't provide information on cases filed in the past and there are no judgments to read - they all settle early in the process . "
Yet she did n’t offer that information while on the phone , making me wonder if she hoped to confuse the issue and have me think that some cases have been adjudicated ( and a precedence set ) .
No luck getting straight answers so far , so I asked Blank to define piracy .
" Piracy is the unauthorized copying or distribution of copyrighted works . "
Sounds like the typical warehouse full of counterfeit software , right ?
So how does the BSA differentiate between overuse ( 75 computers but only 70 software licenses ) vs. what you and I define as piracy ?
" Each case investigated by the BSA is ultimately settled on its own merits , which would include the extent and cause of the piracy . "
In other words , the BSA treats small businesses lacking an appropriate invoice the same as the warehouse full of counterfeit software .
Maybe Microsoft can help , I thought , since it is involved in most of the BSA cases .
I asked the same question about license overuse and wholesale piracy .
Cori Hartje , Director of Genuine Software Initiative at Microsoft , answered via e-mail : " Piracy is the intentional or unintentional sale or sharing of illegal copies of software . "
At least Microsoft says blatantly it considers an extra few installed software copies just as bad , legally , as the guys churning out truckloads of counterfeit copies .
Microsoft forces authentication on most of its products , particularly those purchased at retail ( where many small businesses buy their software ) .
Will Microsoft use that information to help a small business audited by the BSA ?
Let 's say Joe 's Cleaners has the canceled check and original disks for three copies of Microsoft Office , but not the invoice .
But all copies were registered and authenticated by Microsoft , so if the authentication date matches the check date , all will be cool , right ?
Not according to Microsoft .
" These products have what is known as product activation .
The consumer enters in an activation key that comes with the product , this process then checks in with the Microsoft database to basically unlock the product for use .
Microsoft does not keep data on the consumer , it is totally anonymous . "
So says a " spokesperson " via e-mail .
Direct answer from Microsoft to Joe 's Cleaners : we 'll slam you if you install one of those Office copies on another computer and register it ( the registration will fail , so they do keep track ) .
But if the Bully Software Alliance comes to your door , Microsoft says : you 're on your own , sucker .
Next time I 'll relay some reports from readers .
' Cancer patients are often quite gung - ho , " says John D Edwards at his studio in the Foundry , a converted biscuit factory in Poplar , east London , " but I could shut them up in seconds . "
Reliving his brush with death a decade ago , the celebrated painter tells how , in a bid to boost morale , patients on his cancer ward would gather to talk about their illnesses .
" There were awful cases – people with eyes missing , huge growths or bits chopped off , " he recalls , " but none of them seemed fazed .
Then I introduced myself .
They said , ' so , what have you got ? '
' Oh , er , men 's cancer , ' I replied .
' Prostate ? ' ' No . ' ' Testicular ? ' ' No . '
They dug a bit more until I just came out and said it .
' I 've got penile cancer , OK – cancer of the penis ! '
You could have heard a pin drop . "
It was one of many milestones in Edwards 's long recovery from one of the rarest cancers , which the artist talks about with almost uncomfortable candour .
Now all but clear of the disease that came very close to killing him , Edwards , 56 , is showing some of the paintings he created throughout the ordeal in an exhibition now touring hospitals , starting at the Chelsea and Westminster in London .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Edwards has also produced a book .
How Cancer Saved My Life , which includes a touching foreword by the painter 's friend Sir Peter Blake , chronicles seven years of his life , starting before the diagnosis that changed everything .
In the early 1990s , Edwards had returned to his beloved London flat at the Foundry , where moulds for sculptures by some of modern art 's biggest names dot the corridors , after trying to " live like a rock star " in Gloucestershire .
" When the postman is the most exciting person in your life you should worry , " he says .
To celebrate his return to the capital , Edwards painted a series of playful visions of urban life , inspired by the cartoon annuals he loved as a child .
The first painting shows a gurning bulldog in brilliant orange , its tongue hanging out .
But , peering around the corner of a factory wall , the gnashing hound also appears to portend danger .
" There was trouble in the neighbourhood , " reads the caption .
It was in the bath that the artist discovered a lump in his groin .
In a move that probably saved his life , he went straight to his GP .
He was immediately referred to a consultant , who ordered a biopsy .
" They told me I had a malignant tumour in my lymph nodes , that it was very serious , but that they did n't know where the cancer was coming from , " Edwards says .
In a desperate hunt for the primary source of cancer , doctors at the Royal London Hospital , two miles from Edwards 's studio , carried out a host of tests and biopsies .
Soon , their search centred on Edward 's penis .
" They asked me if I had a foreskin , which I did , " Edwards says .
" Then they asked if I had ever had trouble pulling it back , which I had . "
Doctors circumcised Edwards and discovered a redness under his foreskin .
This apparently innocuous rash was quickly identified as the source of his cancer .
Only 400 men a year in the UK are diagnosed with penile cancer , compared with 35,000 for prostate cancer .
Placed way down the list of the most common male cancers at 23 ( one place ahead of male breast cancer ) it is extremely rare .
It is also , says Edwards , very hard to talk about .
" I had always been quite squeamish and I was terrified at first , " he says .
" I told my family I had ' something ' cancer .
But it became so difficult not to talk about it so I just told them I had penis cancer , ' cancer of the dick ! '
With four sisters and a mother , you just have to say it like it is . "
Reconciled to the nature of his cancer , Edwards then had to face treatment .
Doctors started chemotherapy and prescribed him interferon , a stronger version of the anti-viral proteins already produced by the body .
" The first day I injected it , all my nails fell off , " he says .
" It made me feel horrible . "
Stuck in a hospital bed , it was one of the lowest periods for Edwards .
When he could return to his studio , there was only one thing he could do .
" I had to paint what I was experiencing – that 's what I do , " he says .
But there would be no more childish cartoons .
Perhaps the darkest depiction of his illness appears on the cover of his book .
Out of this World shows Edwards as a bird , in bed , on the moon .
" That 's exactly how I felt , " he says , " like an alien , completely cut off from the world , looking down at the life I might or might not go back to . "
By this stage , Edwards 's cancer was turning the artist into something of a medical celebrity .
" A visiting consultant from France came in and asked , ' you 're penile cancer man – can I have a look ? '
I said yes , and showed him my penis – it feels like I 've showed it to the whole world .
He had a look and said , almost in passing , ' In France , we would try radiotherapy with that . ' "
The snatched exchange would prove crucial .
Three months on , relentless chemotherapy and doses of interferon had turned Edwards , whose frame reaches well over six foot , into a grey - haired shadow .
But worse was to come .
" One day there was an explosion in my groin , " he recalls .
" This horrible Vesuvius – like a giant boil . "
Edwards was whisked straight to A&E .
The eruption turned out to be cancerous and marked a potentially terminal decline in Edwards 's health .
It was then that doctors confronted him with the worst decision a man could face .
" They asked for permission to amputate my penis , " Edwards says .
Demoralised , exhausted and full of drugs , Edwards gave his answer .
" No , I told them .
I just could not face another operation . "
Edwards started arguing with the consultant , whom he later nicknamed Slasher .
" I told him unless you can say for certain this will save me , I 'd rather die with my penis on , thank you very much . "
Slasher appears in one of Edwards 's paintings as a hawkish bird whispering his intentions to a colleague while concealing a terrifying , toothy saw behind his back .
But , thanks to the French consultant who had visited Edwards earlier , the artist 's penis would escape the chop .
" I said I 'd heard that radiation could work , and pleaded with them to try it instead . "
Slasher relented and called off the penectomy , but the ordeal continued .
First , Edwards had to be fitted with a mould for the radiation unit that would zap the cancerous cells in his penis .
He remembers the day with characteristic good humour : " I could n't believe there was a mould maker for penises in London .
I went in there and he had these enormous moulds on a shelf .
I looked at the man and said , what 's this – are these for people or for London Zoo ? "
Radiotherapy , while painless in itself , targets high - energy X - rays , and other rays , at the source of cancer .
The side - effects can be horrific .
Edwards 's penis all but disintegrated before the skin could renew itself .
" It was the most painful experience of my life , " he says .
But not all the effects were unpleasant .
" About six months later , some American collectors of mine invited me to recuperate by their pool .
Every time a mosquito landed on me , the radiation still inside me would kill it .
It became my party trick . "
The radiation had an equally lethal effect on Edwards 's cancer .
The artist slowly regained his strength and the colour returned to his paintings , in which sunrises and angels replaced dark skies and the Slasher .
Indeed , Edwards credits his art with helping him to defy the odds .
" I 'd come back here and see these paintings on the wall and think , blimey , it can't be that bad , " he says .
" The ability to externalise was very important . "
But most important , Edwards says , was laughter .
" Cancer does n't like humour , " he says .
" You have to decide whether to panic and fight it – I would see people come in like they 'd run a marathon , who then could n't cope with setbacks – or to live with it .
I chose to live with it and if living included death , I would do that . "
Edwards describes his experience as like " hearing a burglar downstairs – you know there 's something unfriendly there , but you have time to decide what to do about it . "
Unsurprisingly , the artist 's paintings , book , as well as the talks he gives at hospitals , have proved inspirational .
" I got a message from a priest in Maidenhead who called my book a holy book of healing , which is all right by me , " he says .
Edwards wants his experience to serve as a warning to other men not to ignore the warning signs .
" I was amazed how many men had put up with so much before they went to the doctor , " he says .
" I 'd talk to people who had been bleeding when they went to the loo for two years before they did anything about it . "
So , how is the part of him that Edwards came so close to losing ?
" It works fine , " he says , gleefully .
" In fact , I was having an active love life throughout the experience , except for during the radiotherapy .
I thought it was a bit like a footpath – if you do n't use it you lose the rights to it . "
For exhibition dates or to buy John 's book , visit www.howcancersavedmylife.co.uk
Penile cancer : the facts
* There are around 400 cases of penile cancer every year in the United Kingdom .
By contrast , there are some 35,000 cases of prostate cancer in the UK each year .
* One of the rarest of cancers , it accounts for an average of 100 deaths a year , equivalent 0.07 per cent of the total for all cancers .
* Some 86 per cent of cases occur in men aged 50 and over .
* Potential causes include smoking , a weakened immune system and poor hygiene .
Source : Cancer Research
They say the banks will need extra money if bond insurers , who insure the products at the centre of the sub - prime crisis , lose their top credit ratings .
If their credit ratings are cut , it could make it harder for them to pay out , leading to banks reporting bigger losses on sub - prime debt .
Fears about bond insurers helped spark off this week 's stock market falls .
The world 's largest banks have already admitted losing more than $ 100 bn from mortgage bonds gone bad .
$ 820bn at risk
Analysts at Barclays Capital said banks own $ 820bn of securities guaranteed by bond insurers .
" This is a huge amount , but the assumptions used are also very aggressive , designed only to show how , taken to its extreme ... , bank capital could be influenced , " the Barclays Capital report said .
Bond insurers , such as Ambac Financial Group and MBIA , have suffered billions of dollars of write - downs in recent months and are expected to sustain more , after insuring debt hit by the sub - prime mortgage crisis .
Many investors fear the insurers have too little capital given their obligations , and worry that a cut in their credit rating would make it more expensive for them to borrow money .
Ratings agency Fitch cut Ambac 's rating last week , while rival agencies Moody 's and Standard & Poor 's are reviewing Ambac 's and MBIA 's ratings .
However , there is some optimism for the sector after reports that billionaire Wilbur Ross was in talks to acquire Ambac .
The reports follow comments this week from New York State regulators saying they would consider lending support to the struggling bond insurance industry .
Sub - prime exposure
Firms like Ambac are known as ' monoline ' insurers and are at the centre of the sub - prime crisis .
The sub - prime market is focused on providing home loans to those with limited or poor credit histories .
Many of these mortgages were converted into financial instruments and sold on to investors including banks .
But a series of interest rate rises over the past two years has meant many sub - prime borrowers could no longer afford their monthly payments , causing them to default .
This led to a steep fall in the value of investments linked to sub - prime loans and has caused many banks to report massive losses .
I just wanted to clear up a few things related to a post I did called “ Why I Wo n’t Hire a Google Blogger Blogger ” .
First off , this is n’t the opinion of Splashpress Media or any other blog network .
This is just something I noticed when I was going through some employment advertisements .
It should n’t matter which publishing platform a person uses , but just like everything else that people assign emotions to , I have a negative feeling about Google ’s Blogger .
I had bad experiences on the platform both as a user and as a reader .
I find many of the people on the site , after working on a service that required me to manually approve blogs , have very basic blogs or very spammy blogs .
After going through thousands of Blogspot blogs , I found very few that were well written .
The post was not to make anyone angry but to express something I noticed I was doing .
The thing that is supposed to be so great about blogs is their openness , allowing personal opinions to come to light .
My personal opinion is that Blogger is n’t a good platform , and when I see a blogger using it , I feel like they are ruining their personal marketing by being associated with that site .
Yes , as a person looking to hire people , it is a bit shortsighted to skip over them based on the software they use , but it was something I did n’t really even realize I was doing until a few days ago .
Since then , I have been working on giving people with Blogger hosted blogs a chance .
Surely , you ca n’t all say that none of you have ever thought less of a person based on something they did or did n’t have , did or did n’t say ?
Have you ever thought less of a person based on the company they keep ?
Well , to me this is something similar .
I feel like the people I want to work with would have the good sense to use a more fully featured publishing system .
Be it Typepad , WordPress.com , Movable Type , Expression Engine , or any of the other millions of blogging systems or content management systems out there in the world .
Adding to that , I really do n’t care what e-mail system people use .
They could be using the worst e-mail client ever , but as long as it sends and receives just fine , that is all I care about .
Blogging requires more skill than sending e-mail .
Understanding different blogging applications , can take time , and as an employer , I am in my full right to request that people at least have experience in the platform I am using .
And while I am trying to defend myself and look at things from a different point of view , my key issue can only really be solved by being proved wrong .
Something which no one has gone ahead and done .
One thing that Jan Karlsbjerg did do was bring up a very interesting point :
How do you feel about folks who use Blogger and FTP to their own domain ?
Is it just the “ blogspot . ” string that turns you off ?
Before , I probably would have clicked on their link to their blog and looked it over .
I guess the issue really is that I do n’t want to walk in their front door knowing that their house is made from mud .
Weird analogy , I know …
Hopefully , that helps clarify things .
I really do agree though that it would be shortsighted to not watch out for stars on Blogger , and I hope that I have n’t filtered out a rising star based solely on where they ’ve decided to host their blog .
Scientists Study ' Plumbing ' in Plumes of Enceladus
Media contact : Carolina Martinez / JPL 818-354-9382
Scientists on the Cassini mission have become out - of - this world " plumbers " as they try to piece together what 's happening inside the " pipes " feeding the plumes of Saturn 's moon Enceladus .
Enceladus is jetting out giant geysers three times the size of the moon , and now scientists are beginning to understand how the ice grains are created and how they might have formed .
Knowing the process of how the plume forms and the path the water - ice particles have to travel is giving them an insight into what may be a liquid reservoir or lake lying just beneath the surface .
" Since Cassini discovered the water vapor geysers , we 've all wondered where this water vapor and ice are coming from .
Is it from an underground water reservoir or are there some other processes at work ?
Now , after looking at data from multiple instruments , we can say there probably is water beneath the surface of Enceladus , " said Juergen Schmidt , team member on Cassini 's Cosmic Dust Analyzer at the University of Potsdam , Germany .
This study appears in the Feb. 7 , 2008 , issue of the journal Nature .
The large number of ice particles observed spewing from the geysers and the steady rate at which these particles are produced require high temperatures , close to the melting point of ice , possibly resulting in an internal lake .
The lake would be similar to Earth 's Lake Vostok , beneath Antarctica , where liquid water exists locked in ice .
The ice grains then condense in the vapor evaporating from the water , streaming through cracks in the ice crust to the surface .
The presence of liquid water inside Enceladus would have major implications for future astrobiology studies on the possibility of life on bodies in the outer solar system .
Scientists have studied the plume dynamics since 2005 , collecting data from several Cassini remote sensing instruments and those that sample particles directly , like the Cosmic Dust Analyzer .
They conclude that an internal lake at a temperature of about 273 Kelvin ( 32 degrees Fahrenheit ) is the best way to account for the material jetting out of the geysers .
At these warm temperatures , liquid water , ice and water vapor mingle .
The vapor escapes to the vacuum of space through cracks in Enceladus ' ice crust .
When the gas expands , it cools and the ice grains that make up the visible part of the plumes condense from the vapor .
Vapor in the plumes is clocked at roughly the same speed as a supersonic jet , about 300 to 500 meters per second , or about 650 to 1,100 miles per hour .
However , most of the condensed ice particles fail to reach Enceladus ' escape velocity of 240 meters per second ( 536 miles per hour ) .
Pinball - like physics account for the slow speed of the particles .
Shooting up through crooked cracks in the ice , the particles ricochet off the walls , losing speed , while the water vapor moves unimpeded up the crevasse .
The vapor reboosts the frozen particles as they pinball off the walls , carrying them upward .
Reaching nozzle - like openings at the surface , the faster - moving water vapor shoots high above Enceladus , becoming entrapped in Saturn 's magnetosphere .
Most of the particles , which have lost energy through collisions in transit , fail to achieve escape velocity and fall back to Enceladus ' surface .
Only about 10 percent escape Enceladus and form Saturn 's E-ring .
" Our model provides a simple concept to understand how particles form , their speed and how they behave as they make their way out into space .
If vapor temperature is too low , then the gas density is too small to push the grains out and we would not see such large amounts of particles , " said Schmidt .
" Therefore , we believe that at the site of evaporation , we must have temperatures near the melting point of water .
" Scientists say that particles seen in the plumes are too numerous to have started from processes described in one existing model that requires low temperatures , proposing that gases may be trapped inside ice crystals .
Another model suggests that water ice , suddenly exposed to the vacuum of space , sublimes , or boils , directly into vapor without liquefying first .
But this would mean there are short bursts of activity , rather than the steady production of particles .
The new model of grains condensing in a vent that evaporates from a liquid body is consistent with a steady production of particles , ejected from a localized source .
This research provides fundamental knowledge about solar system bodies , in particular those that , like our home planet , are homes to oceans - environments where life might evolve .
The next Enceladus flyby is in March 2008 .
The spacecraft closest approach will be at a mere 50 kilometers ( 30 miles ) from the surface and the altitude will increase to about 200 kilometers ( 124 miles ) as the spacecraft passes through the plumes .
Cassini will sample the plumes directly and find out more about their makeup .
More information on the Cassini - Huygens mission is available at : http://saturn.jpl.nasa.gov and http://www.nasa.gov/cassini
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA , the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency .
JPL , a division of the California Institute of Technology in Pasadena , manages the Cassini mission for NASA 's Science Mission Directorate , Washington , D.C. JPL designed , developed and assembled the Cassini orbiter .
We the Democrats and Independents of the United States of America are respectfully requesting the resignation of Hillary Clinton from the Democratic Leadership race before April 22nd in order to improve the chances of electing a Democratic President .
Clinton 's own campaign acknowledges there is no way that she will finish ahead in pledge delegates and Superdelegates have never voted against the pledge delegate results .
Please sign this petition to send a message to the Clinton Campaign to step down .
If any waste remains , flat lesions will be buried by it .
Studies have shown that in about a quarter of all colonoscopies , the bowel preparation is inadequate .
Dr. Rex said that male veterans tended to have more precancerous colon growths than other groups , so the rate of flat lesions in women or the general population might not be quite as high as those in the study .
Dr. Soetikno and his colleagues started an exchange program with doctors in Japan to learn their techniques for recognizing and removing the flat lesions .
American doctors should learn from overseas colleagues more often , Dr. Rothenberger said , adding , “ We tend to get very smug about our abilities . ”
The quality of colonoscopy has become a delicate issue , because an article in The New England Journal of Medicine in December 2006 found that some doctors were 10 times better than others at finding precancerous polyps .
A major factor in their success was taking enough time to examine the colon thoroughly , as opposed to rushing through the procedure .
Doctors who miss polyps would almost certainly miss flat lesions as well because they are harder to see .
The new study underscores the need for careful examinations , because the flat lesions are more dangerous .
The study also raises doubts about whether “ virtual colonoscopy , ” performed by a CT scanner , will ever be able to take the place of the colonoscope inserted into the rectum , as many patients had hoped .
The problem is that CT scans use X - rays to reveal shapes , and find polyps because they stick out .
Flat lesions are unlikely to show up in such scans .
Studies show that from 0.3 percent to 0.9 percent of patients develop colon cancers within just a few years of having a colonoscopy and polyp removal  exactly what the procedure is supposed to prevent .
Some doctors think that flat lesions , missed entirely during the colonoscopy or not fully removed , may account for some of these apparent failures .
We 're not even two months into the new year , and we 've already seen Apple 's remarkably slim MacBook Air and Toshiba 's update to its featherweight Portege R500 .
Both were very strong contenders for the top spot on our list of favorite ultraportable laptops -- until this week , when we got our hands on the Lenovo ThinkPad X300 .
The newest addition to the ThinkPad X series incorporates the best of the MacBook Air ( 13.3 - inch display , full - size keyboard , thickness less than one inch ) with the best of the Portege R500 ( solid - state hard drive , thorough selection of ports ) while also adding its own great features , such as a built - in DVD burner , WWAN connectivity , and GPS .
The X300's ThinkPad DNA is evident in its instantly recognizable black , square - edged case , but at 0.73 inch thick and weighing anywhere from 2.9 pounds to 3.5 pounds ( depending on your battery and optical drive choices ) , it 's simply the sleekest ThinkPad yet .
The biggest criticism of the ThinkPad X300 is its price : the base configuration costs $ 2,476 and goes up from there .
But innovative design , thorough features , and cutting - edge components do n't come cheap , and the ThinkPad X300 is truly unique in its balance of portability and usability .
Price as reviewed / starting price $ 2,936 / $ 2,476 Processor 1.2GHz Intel Core 2 Duo SL7100 Memory 2GB of 667MHz
Hard drive 64GB solid - state drive Graphics Intel GMA X3100 ( integrated ) Operating System Windows XP Professional Dimensions ( WDH ) 12.5 x 9.1 x 0.73 inches Screen size ( diagonal ) 13.3 inches System weight / Weight with AC adapter 3.4 / 4.0 pounds Category ultraportable
Aside from the laptop 's dimensions , the design changes with the ThinkPad X300 have been incremental .
The ultraportable still features a rectangular black case built around a magnesium chassis .
There 's still a blue ThinkVantage button above the keyboard , a fingerprint reader below it , and a keyboard light on the top edge of the display .
However , ThinkPad fans will notice small changes that make the X300 a bit more attractive .
The lid and wrist rest feature an appealing soft matte finish ; the ThinkVantage , power , and mute buttons glow when pressed ; and the front edge is devoid of any ports or switches .
In addition to the keyboard light , the ThinkPad X300 's display bezel includes a 1.3 - megapixel Webcam and a noise - canceling digital microphone for Web conferencing .
The matte - finish display itself features a 1,440x900 native resolution that 's sharper than that of the MacBook Air and other similarly sized screens , resulting in text and icons that are a bit smaller than you 'd expect .
The sharper resolution does n't cause tremendous problems , though we did find ourselves pumping up the font size on a newspaper 's
Web site so we could read a lengthy article .
We also zoomed in a bit when working on documents and spreadsheets .
The trade - off : more screen real estate for multitasking and , when it 's time for a break , beautiful video .
Given the amount of typing the typical executive does through the course of the work day , a keyboard can make or break an ultraportable .
The ThinkPad X300 actually uses the same keyboard found on Lenovo 's 14 - and 15 - inch models -- which is to say , not the condensed keyboard found on previous X series models and many ultraportable laptops from other manufacturers .
After conducting an entire morning 's work -- and writing this review - - on the ThinkPad X300 , we still do n't feel like we 've been typing on a laptop .
We love it .
Lenovo decided to include both the red eraser - head TrackPoint pointing stick and a touch pad on the ThinkPad X300 .
The decision is understandable : many ThinkPad users are viscerally attached to their TrackPoints , while other users can't stand it , so why not include both methods ?
However , the double sets of mouse buttons seem to run counter to the overall theme of simplification that the ThinkPad X300 embodies .
In order to make room for the TrackPoint 's buttons , the touch pad is placed rather low on the wrist rest , with its buttons near the laptop 's front edge .
Fortunately , the ThinkPad X300 is thin enough that we could use the touch pad with our wrist resting on a desk surface -- or on our leg , when the laptop was in our lap .
Of greater concern is the fact that , during our lazier typing moments when our wrists dropped to the wrist rest , we were likely to graze the touch pad and accidentally misplace the cursor .
Lenovo ThinkPad X300 Average for ultraportable category Video VGA - out VGA - out Audio Stereo speakers , headphone / microphone jacks Headphone / microphone jacks Data Three USB 2.0 Two USB 2.0 , mini-FireWire , mulitformat memory card reader Expansion None PC Card or ExpressCard slot Networking Ethernet , 802.11 a/g/n , Bluetooth , WWAN , GPS Modem , Ethernet , 802.11 a/b/g Wi -Fi , optional Bluetooth , optional WWAN Optical drive DVD burner None , or DVD burner
The ThinkPad X300 is an interesting exercise in minimalism .
The laptop lacks some features that would be considered standard on an ultraportable , such as an expansion card slot or multiformat memory card reader , both of which are found on the Toshiba Portege R500 .
But it adds features that will likely be of higher value to mobile workers , such as WWAN , wireless USB , and even GPS .
More notably , it incorporates many features that the MacBook Air does not , including two more USB ports , an Ethernet connection , and a built - in DVD burner .
These additions make the ThinkPad X300 a realistic choice for use as a primary computer , which is a major advantage over its Apple competitor , especially given the price .
The base model of the ThinkPad X300 costs a hefty $ 2,476 .
Much of that price can be attributed to the laptop 's 64GB solid - state drive , which promises faster application launch and boot times as well as a longer lifetime than a traditional hard drive with moving parts .
( Unlike the MacBook Air , which comes in a low - cost configuration with a traditional spinning hard drive , the ThinkPad X300 is available only with a solid - state drive . )
Our review unit included a few upgrades -- twice as much RAM as the base configuration , plus WWAN , GPS , and an extended - life six - cell battery -- that brought the price to $ 2,936 .
That 's a bit high , even for an ultraportable , but still below the cost of a MacBook Air equipped with a solid - state drive .
Like the MacBook Air , the ThinkPad X300 incorporates Intel 's new small - form - factor Core 2 Duo CPU , though with a slightly slower clock speed .
That slower speed is at least partly to blame for the ThinkPad X300 trailing behind the MacBook Air on the multimedia multitasking portion of CNET Labs ' performance benchmarks .
Fortunately the ThinkPad 's 2GB of RAM helped it keep up with the MacBook Air on our Photoshop test , where it also scored well ahead of the Toshiba Portege R500 .
As with any Core 2 Duo system , the ThinkPad X300 proved more than adequate for typical business productivity tasks , including Web surfing , media playback , and running office applications .
We were able to conduct a full morning 's work while streaming music over the wireless connection without any stuttering or noticeable performance issues .
In anecdotal testing of the ThinkPad X300 with the six - cell battery , we were able to get between 3 and 4 hours of battery life , depending on our usage and screen brightness settings .
On CNET Labs ' DVD battery drain test , the ThinkPad X300 died out after 3 hours , 43 minutes , just 20 minutes before the MacBook Air .
That 's obviously not enough juice for a full day of work away from the desk , but it is nearly an hour longer than the Portege R500 's battery life .
Here 's another place where the ThinkPad X300 's built - in DVD is an advantage : you can purchase an additional three - cell battery that fits inside the drive bay to extend your mobile computing time .
Also an advantage : the ThinkPad X300 's removable battery , which is remarkable only because users cannot replace the battery in the MacBook Air .
As Lenovo has moved toward offering built - to - order systems , the company has dropped the baseline warranty for ThinkPads to a single year .
Extending coverage to three years costs $ 119 ; other reasonably priced upgrades add coverage for accidental drops or spills and LCD damage .
The preloaded suite of ThinkVantage applications helps users troubleshoot problems , and Lenovo 's support Web site includes the expected troubleshooting topics , driver downloads , and user guides .
You may have noticed the Google logo seems to made out of LEGO bricks today , and has a minifig sitting on top .
That 's because it's the fiftieth anniversary of LEGO Group founder Ole Kirk Christiansen 's patenting of the now - iconic brick .
This year is also the 30th anniversary of the minifig and 10th anniversary of LEGO MINDSTORMS .
( The company has actually been putting out toys since the ' 40 s but only settled on the perfect brick architecture in 1958 . )
Who can doubt the huge impact of LEGO ?
The bricks have been used to create 3D printers , autopilots and buckyballs .
Architects concept with LEGO bricks .
It has inspired museum - quality works of art as well as more humble ones .
There are an average of 62 legos per inhabitant of the Earth , with 2,400 different kinds of bricks in 53 colors .
There are 55,600 LEGO videos on YouTube and over 170,000 pictures on Flickr .
To commemorate the anniversary , the LEGO Group is holding a series of building challenges around the world to determine the best builder in each country between the ages of 6 and 13 .
The finalists will invited to Denmark to participate in a huge building bonanza .
Details will be revealed in March on www.LEGO.com/Club.
An interesting package arrived in my household the other day : a small bright green - and - white laptop with a built - in carrying handle .
It looks as if it has been designed by Fisher - Price , an impression reinforced by two little ' ears ' which , when unclipped , double as wi-fi antennae .
The 7.5 in screen rotates and folds back on itself to form a kind of tablet , rather like those pricey Toshiba laptops only Microsoft salespeople can afford .
The keyboard is rubberised , so that it can survive spillages .
The machine has no moving parts , and can ( so I 'm told ) be dropped from five feet without significant damage .
When switched on , it immediately senses sibling machines in the immediate vicinity and establishes a wireless connection with them .
It also sniffs out conventional wi-fi networks and allows you to connect to them if their owners permit it .
It has no fan , so is totally silent , weighs 3.2lbs , has three USB ports plus sockets for microphone and headphones and a slot for a Secure Digital card of the kind used in digital cameras .
It has an onboard camera .
One battery charge gives about six hours of normal usage or 24 hours of passive reading .
It 's the celebrated ' $ 100 laptop ' , the brainchild of the One Laptop Per Child ( OLPC ) project ( www.laptop.org).
Its designers have christened it the XO .
I paid $ 200 for it .
Actually , I laid out $ 399 , which got me two machines , on condition that one was donated to a child in a poor country where OLPC has an established programme in place .
It 's what they call the ' Buy two , get one ' initiative ( www.xogiving.org).
Technically , the XO is deliciously innovative .
The screen , for instance , is quite remarkable ; it is the only laptop I 've ever used which is readable in direct sunlight .
The power - management is clever , switching off anything that 's not needed at any particular moment to conserve energy .
The user interface is unlike anything seen before on a mainstream project : instead of a melee of windows , task - bars and folders , there are three buttons .
One shows your network neighbourhood - who and what are within wireless range ; a second shows an icon representing you surrounded by whatever applications you happen to have running ; a third brings up the currently chosen program .
This unconventional interface may explain the critical reviews it has received - including a rather snooty piece in the Economist , which is normally very perceptive about technology .
Critics need to remember that this is targeted at users who have never seen a computer .
The XO comes with a word processor , web browser , calculator , PDF reader , a few games , three music programs , a painting application and a chat program .
It also has several programming environments of varying complexity , allowing users to access - and change - the underlying code of many of the applications .
This is made possible by the fact that the XO runs the Linux operating system .
This last fact engendered initial hostility from Microsoft , though that has apparently abated .
What proved more problematic was the hostility of Intel , the chip manufacturer , which may have stemmed from the fact that the XO 's processor comes from AMD , an Intel competitor , and possibly also the fear that a successful OLPC would prejudice the chances of selling billions of Intel - powered machines to the world 's poor .
Intel launched a competing machine , the $ 300 ' Classmate ' , which looked awfully like an OLPC ' spoiler ' .
The PR blowback was so severe that , in the end , the chip giant sued for peace and joined the OLPC board .
It was a strange marriage .
The first big contract signed by OLPC was with the government of Peru , which bought 300,000 XOs .
Its vice - minister for education was then visited by an Intel salesperson , who is said to have comprehensively disparaged the little green machine .
The politician apparently took notes of the exchange , which he then shared with Nicholas Negroponte , co-founder of the OLPC project , who shared them with Fortune magazine .
' It was unbelievable , ' according to Negroponte .
'" The XO does n't work , and you have no idea the mistake you 've made .
You 'll get into big trouble " , that kind of stuff .
We kept the sale , but when one of your partners does that , what do you do ? '
I 'd have kicked Intel out , but the company jumped before it was pushed , saying things had reached a ' philosophical impasse ' .
Nice euphemism .
Like the philosophical impasse separating the World Food Organisation and McDonald's .
I 've seen a bundle of Futurama timelines around the place and I found them all to be inadequate , firstly because they do n't , by a long shot , include every conceivable dated event from the show , and secondly because they do n't show sources .
It 's easy to guess at dates from things like " Pine trees went extinct eight hundred years ago " but that seems to be the limit of effort put in ; no episode is quoted .
So I went through , watched the whole 72 - episode run again - yes , this is entirely my own work - and took notes in preparation for this , my considerably more exhaustive Futurama timeline .
Update 2008-03-21
Information from " Bender 's Big Score " has now been incorporated into the timeline .
Notes
The Timeline
A question mark indicates that a date is probable , but not known for definite .
A tilde ( ~ ) indicates that the date is approximate .
Conclusions
I found the Futurama timeline very rewarding to construct because it turned out to be significantly more internally consistent than I originally believed it would .
If we arrange the episodes in order of production code , then bolt on the known dates , we find that the undated episodes fit the existing pattern extremely well - at least , for the first three production seasons .
Only " The Cryonic Woman " messes things up - it should be set around September 3001 , but Fry states that it 's the year 3000 , most likely to avoid confusing viewers .
It 's during the fourth production season , 4ACV , that everything goes to pot .
The Fox network was screwing everything up for the writers at this point during the show 's production , to the point that four production seasons were eventually aired over the course of five broadcast seasons .
This meant the show timeline got borked .
" Love & Rocket " ( 4ACV03 ) should have taken place around Valentine 's Day 3003 , but a caption during the episode gave Omicron Persei 8 as " 247 days without invading Earth " , which is clearly meant to correspond with " The Problem With Popplers " , which is nominally set in mid-3001 , placing Love & Rocket in Valentine 's Day 3002 .
This is not an anomaly beyond repair , but then " Bender Should Not Be Allowed On TV " also occurs in 3002 , and so does " Where No Fan Has Gone Before " .
Then " Bend Her " leaps forward to the 3004 Olympics , followed by " Obsoletely Fabulous " which jumps back to 3003 !
While there are no direct contradictions created by these shenanigans , it does seem to result in there being twice as many episodes set during 3002 as there should be , and almost none in 3003 or 3004 .
Ordering these later episodes using their airdates instead of their production codes has not proved much more useful .
Still , Futurama has a pretty rich timeline which is much more complete and consistent than most people would imagine .
I do not believe that this is unintentional .
I believe that David X . Cohen knew full well that millions of science fiction fans would scrutinise Futurama as closely as they ever did Star Trek or The Simpsons .
For this reason I think he set out to create a universe which , unlike certain lesser continuities , rewarded rabidly intense analysis with interesting new discoveries , rather than punishing it with continuity errors .
Speaking as both a Futurama continuity freak and a time travel nut , I feel like Bender 's Big Score in particular was a personal gift to me , sam512 .
There is one other thing I like in my television shows , and that is closure .
Futurama is nearly over now , and I have high hopes for its conclusion .
Stay tuned .
Google Inc. wants to offer consumers a new way to store their files on its hard drives , in a strategy that could accelerate a shift to Web - based computing and intensify the Internet company 's competition with Microsoft Corp .
Google is preparing a service that would let users store on its computers essentially all of the files they might keep on their personal - computer hard drives -- such as word - processing documents , digital music , video clips and images , say people familiar with the matter .
The service could let users access ...
BEIJING ( Reuters ) - Police and troops locked down the capital of Tibet on Sunday as tension remained high , two days after ugly street protests against Chinese rule that the contested region ’s government - in - exile said had killed 80 people .
“ We do n’t dare go out , not for anything .
There ’s too much trouble , ” said a Tibetan businesswoman by telephone from Lhasa , a remote city high in the Himalayas out of bounds to foreign journalists without official permission .
Like other residents contacted , she spoke only briefly and anonymously out of fear of punishment in a city that last week saw its most serious rioting and shooting in nearly two decades .
The convulsion of Tibetan anger at the Chinese presence in the region came after days of peaceful protests by monks and was a sharp blow to Beijing ’s preparations for the Olympic Games in August , when China wants to showcase prosperity and unity .
Tibet is one of several potential flashpoints for the ruling Communist party at a time of heightened attention on China .
The government is concerned about the effect of inflation and wealth gaps on social stability after years of breakneck economic growth , and this month it said it had foiled two terrorist plots hatched by the largely Muslim Uighur minority in the northwestern region of Xinjiang , including an attempt to disrupt the Olympics .
It has declared a “ people ’s war ” of security and propaganda against support for the Dalai Lama , the spiritual leader of Tibetan Buddhists , underlining that it will not heed calls from around the globe for a lenient response to the riots .
U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza
Rice voiced concern in a statement on Saturday that violence appeared to be continuing , and she urged Beijing to “ release monks and others who have been detained solely for the peaceful expression of their views ” .
India called for dialogue and non-violent means .
Home to the Dalai Lama , who is reviled by Beijing , India treads a delicate balance with its giant neighbor to expand diplomatic and trade ties after decades of rivalry that included a brief war in 1962 .
A woman in contact with a businessman in Lhasa said the streets were teeming with armed police in riot gear on Sunday after word of renewed clashes overnight , when Hui Muslim Chinese attacked Tibetans in revenge for wrecked homes and property .
“ The Tibetans were starting to fight back but then the troops stepped in and restored order , ” she said .
The report of fresh fighting could not be verified .
A 19 - year - old tourist from the United States , Chelsea Hockett , who arrived on a flight from Lhasa , told Reuters in Chengdu there had been “ a lot of shooting ” .
Slideshow ( 39 images )
“ No one can leave the hotels .
It was really bad , ” she said .
The self - proclaimed Tibetan government - in - exile in northern India said 80 people had died in the clashes and 72 were hurt .
But the Xinhua news agency said at least 10 “ innocent civilians ” died , mostly in fires lit by rioters , and 12 policemen were seriously injured .
Slideshow ( 39 images )
It was not clear if anyone had been shot dead .
“ The protesters were barbarous and violent , ” the official news agency quoted a tourist surnamed Dong as saying .
“ They ganged up on the young police officers and beat innocent people . ”
SECURITY SWEEP
Monks first took to the streets of Tibet last Monday to mark the 49th anniversary of an earlier uprising , and protests soon spread to adjoining regions inhabited by pockets of Tibetans .
In Lhasa on Friday , protesters , some in monks ’ robes and some yelling independence slogans , torched vehicles , attacked banks and offices and used stones and knives against police .
Chinese authorities have now signaled a sweeping campaign to redouble security in the region and attack public support for the Dalai Lama , who fled over the Himalayas into exile in 1959 after the failed uprising that year .
“ Fight a people ’s war to oppose separatism and protect stability ... expose and condemn the malicious actions of these forces and expose the hideous face of the Dalai clique to broad daylight , ” senior regional and security officials announced after a meeting , according to the official Tibet Daily on Sunday .
Security officials , speaking to Reuters on the sidelines of China ’s annual session of parliament in Beijing , defended the Tibet crackdown and said there was no call for alarm .
“ Having some problems crop up is nothing to make a big deal out of .
We just need to deal with them in an appropriate manner , ” said senior army General Zhang Wentai .
“ It wo n’t affect the Olympics , or the country ’s overall security . ”
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The sputtering U.S. economy has gotten everyone from the financial markets to the Federal Reserve to Congress in a panic .
But here 's a disheartening message for those already worried about economic growth -- it could get much worse .
Most economists who believe a recession is already here or at least near are looking for a relatively short and mild downturn , perhaps lasting only two or three quarters .
But many of those same economists say they also can envision a worst - case scenario where spending by consumers and businesses falls off sharply , unemployment heads higher than normal during a typical recession and housing and credit market problems worsen .
" I can easily imagine [ the economy ] going into a free fall , " said Dean Baker , the chief economist for the Center for Economic and Policy Research .
" The danger is that housing prices continue to tumble and accelerate , people 's ability to pull out equity will evaporate , and you 'll see a serious downturn in consumption . "
We talked to three more leading economists to find out their biggest economic fears .
Here 's what they had to say .
Greenback blues David Wyss , chief economist with Standard & Poor 's , said that among his biggest concerns is that overseas investors could pull back on investing in the dollar and other U.S. assets .
That could cause an even greater sense of fear among U.S. consumers and businesses , as stock prices fall and bond yields rise , which in turn would lift mortgage rates and be a bigger drag on the already battered housing market .
" Americans could just get scared by a barrage of bad news , " Wyss said .
" The stock market could continue going down because of foreigners pulling money out , and between that and home values going through the floor , it could lead to a real pullback of spending , particularly by Baby Boomers who are getting close to retirement . "
Wyss said he's also concerned that oil prices could shoot higher , even if a recession cuts into global demand .
He said supply disruptions in the Middle East could send oil prices up to $ 150 a barrel and help deepen any recession .
Wyss said that in his worst case scenario , the unemployment rate would climb to 7.5 percent by early 2009 , up from its current level of 5 percent .
He also believes gross domestic product , the broad measure of the nation 's economic activity , could wind up as much as 2 percent lower at the end of 2008 than it was at the end of 2007 .
That would be the biggest downturn since 1982 .
Many of those forecasting a recession this year are expecting GDP to show a slight gain by the end of the year .
House of pain .
Edward McKelvey , senior economist at Goldman Sachs , agreed with Wyss that , in a worst case scenario , GDP could fall 2 percent this year ..
His biggest fear is that home prices could fall much further in the coming months .
In fact , Goldman and economists at Merrill Lynch have both predicted that home values could fall another 15 percent , on top of the 10 percent drop from earlier peaks that has already taken place .
McKelvey said further declines could cause much deeper problems for consumers and credit markets .
" One of the most likely candidates would be credit markets acting more violently than we thought , a tightening of the supply of credit to businesses and households , " he said when asked what could bring about his worst case outlook .
" You could also see a more substantial response by businesses to the downturn through layoffs , cuts in their spending and business plans , " he added .
Bank woes just beginning .
Paul Kasriel , chief economist at Northern Trust , said he thinks there 's a good chance that the economic pullback will be much steeper than now widely assumed .
This weak forecast is based on his belief that the billions in dollars of writedowns already reported by Merrill Lynch ( MER , Fortune 500 ) , Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) , JP Morgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) and other big banks are just the beginning of the problem in the financial sector .
Kasriel said that if banks have to report more losses due to bad bets on subprime mortgages , they will be unwilling , or unable , to make large loans to businesses and consumers .
So even if the Fed keeps cutting interest rates , the impact of the cuts may be " less potent " than rate cuts in previous recessions since consumers and businesses may not be able to borrow enough to keep spending .
That could make this recession more like the one in 1991 - 92 than the relatively short and mild recession of 2001 .
" Historically , and not surprisingly , recessions accompanied by declines in consumer spending tend to be more severe .
And people are going to be constrained from spending by the declines in housing , " Kasriel said .
He added that state and local governments might have to cut back spending as a result of declining tax revenue .
And that would be another sizable blow to the overall economy .
" People forget about state and local government spending , but it represents 11 percent of GDP , " Kasriel said .
Last night was our Clojure event with Rich Hickey .
BTW , if you were there , regular meeting of the Western Mass Developers Group are every other Thursday at Panera Bread in Hadley ( 7 pm ) — most of the time , we just sit around and talk — very informal — hope to see you there .
Back to the presentation — hopefully the slides / video / etc will be up somewhere soon —
Rich focussed on the concurrency features of Clojure ( Vars , Refs , and Agents ) .
First he showed us the state of concurrency support in Java / C# today ( locking ) and identified the problem as having direct references to mutable objects .
Clojure offers only immutable atoms and datastructures so that ’s how he addresses one part of the problem .
However , since the mutability is how the world works , Clojure models change as a change to what a reference points to .
So , if you view the world through refs , it will appear to change .
Then he introduced the controlled ways in which refs can change .
1. Vars are essentially thread local variables .
They are a reference whose changes can only be seen in a single thread — each thread gets an independent and isolated view of the variable .
Like thread - local variables — they are a very simple way to take code that looks like it ’s manipulating global state and give each thread its own isolated copy .
2 . Refs are mutable references to immutable objects .
They can only be changed inside a transaction and all changes to all refs in a transaction appear to have happened at the time the transaction ends ( to other threads ) .
Inside the transaction , the changes are immediate .
When two transactions are open and change the same ref , the second one to finish is automatically retried ( so you should have no side - effects inside of transactions ) .
All Refs read inside of a transaction will return the value that they had at the start of the transaction ( so are consistent with each other ) .
3. Agents ( which I have explained before ) are for asynchronous changes to a reference .
Each agent hold a value and you send actions to it to change the value .
Only one action will happen to an agent at a time and you can read the current state of the agent any time .
Rich spent a little time to caution us against any comparison to Erlang ’s actors .
They are a different concept with different tradeoffs .
Agents have the advantage that they can be read from any thread conveniently ( just dereference ) whereas actors require sending a message to read ( which is asynchronous ) .
Clearly , Erlang ’s benefit is location transparency ( for distributed code ) — which is what it was designed for .
Rich hinted that Clojure might have an Actor concept , but it would not be unified with Agents .
What was new to me with agents is that there are two types of message sending mechanisms — send and send - off ( which appear to be undocumented right now ) —
Rich used send - off which dedicates a thread to the agent ( rather than run the action from a thread - pool ) .
This is how you have to do it if agents block at all ( which ants do because they have a small sleep ) .
Then , he showed us an ant simulation — I think he will make the code available .
In short , there is a square world of cells , each one holds a Ref to what is in the cell ( food , ant , pheromones , home base ) .
Ants are represented by agents , which are sent a behave message .
Behave picks a random action for the ant to do ( move , turn , pick up food , drop food ) and then mutates the world of cells in a transaction , then it sends itself another behave action .
There is an agent responsible for painting the world , and another which evaporates pheromones in the background .
Anyway , the demo was impressive — since painting makes a copy of the world in a transaction , it has a completely consistent view of the world .
Refs make sure that all changes to them are in transactions , so you have language support for where you need cooperation ( contrasted to locking , which is not enforced ) .
Agents also help you model the real world in a way that a coordinated single - looped simulation ( calling behave on ants in a loop , then paint over and over again ) could not .
And clojure ’s agent mutating mechanism ( sending a function to it ) , means that agents do n’t have to have any knowledge of the messages that might be sent to it ( again contrasted to Erlang Actors ) .
Finally , various messages can take different times to complete and that would be represented in the simulation — some ants might complete several small actions in the time it took another to complete one ( which would not be the case in a behave loop ) .
I ’ll have more on this when the slides , code , etc are available .
A Facebook profile in an undated screenshot courtesy of the company .
Canadian military chiefs have told soldiers not to post personal information on social networking sites such as Facebook because it could prompt attacks by groups such as Al Qaeda , the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. said on Tuesday .
REUTERS / Handout
OTTAWA ( Reuters ) - Canadian military chiefs have told soldiers not to post personal information on social networking sites such as Facebook because it could prompt attacks by groups such as Al Qaeda , the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. said on Tuesday .
Canada currently has 2,500 troops stationed in southern Afghanistan , an area where the Taliban is strong .
“ Al Qaeda operatives are monitoring Facebook and other social networking sites , ” the CBC quoted an internal military memo saying .
“ This may seem over dramatic ... ( but ) the information can be used to target members for further exploitation .
It also opens the door for your families and friends to become potential targets as well , ” it said .
The memo advised soldiers not to appear in uniform online and not to reveal any military connections .
A defense ministry spokeswoman could not immediately confirm the story .
I am ecstatic to announce a new Happy Mutant on the scene :
Poesy
Emmeline
Fibonacci
Nautilus
Taylor
Doctorow .
Hatched at home , in a pool , this morning , in London , weighing 9 lbs and 6 oz .
All bits correct and accounted for .
Already stolen the hearts of all who see her .
Consider me on paternity leave until further notice .
Link
The first 30,000 pages of a massive online Encyclopedia of Life were unveiled today ( Feb. 27 ) at the prestigious Technology , Entertainment and Design ( TED ) Conference in Monterey , California .
Intended as a tool for scientists and policymakers and a fascinating resource for anyone interested in the living world , the EOL is being developed by a unique collaboration between scientists and the general public .
By making it easy to compare and contrast information about life on Earth , the resulting compendium has the potential to provide new insights into many of life 's secrets .
In essence , EOL will be a microscope in reverse , or " macroscope , " helping users to discern large - scale patterns .
By aggregating for analysis information on Earth 's estimated 1.8 million known species , scientists say the EOL could , for example , help map vectors of human disease , reveal mysteries behind longevity , suggest substitute plant pollinators for a swelling list of places where honeybees no longer provide that service , and foster strategies to slow the spread of invasive species .
Most importantly , the EOL will be a foundational resource for helping to conserve the species already known and to identify millions of additional species that have n't yet been described or named .
At its core is the knowledge about the world 's species that has been discovered by scientists over the last 250 years .
By putting this information all together in one place , EOL hopes to accelerate our understanding of the world 's remaining biodiversity .
EOL will illuminate patterns in biodiversity , promising knowledge comparable in impact to that gained after the microscope 's invention in the 1600s .
The EOL " macroscope " will have a catalytic effect on comparative biology , ecology and related fields .
It will also be the ultimate online field guide , complete with links to DNA barcoding and other information of interest and use to everyone from professional scientists to birdwatchers and gardeners .
Among many potential applications of the EOL :
Tracing the relation between changes in animal and plant populations and climate ;
Mapping the distribution of human disease vectors , such as crows , mosquitoes and the West Nile virus ;
Comparison of the life spans of related species - a prelude to lab research into reasons for human aging ;
Port inspections of ballast water for invasive species , assisted by links to molecular DNA barcode reference information ;
Assist in field research and dramatically shorten the time required to authenticate or describe new mammals , birds , bugs , plants , bacteria and other species discovered by scientists anywhere in the world ;
Revolutionize teaching and learning of the life sciences for all ages ;
Contribute to timely and informed environmental management decisions by professionals and citizen environmental managers alike .
Drawing upon its collaboration with the Catalogue of Life and Tree of Life projects , EOL 's infrastructure now includes placeholder pages for 1 million species , of which 30,000 have been populated with detailed information derived from comprehensive , authoritative compilations available for some taxonomic groups ( e.g. , FishBase , AmphibiaWeb , Solanaceae Source ) .
In addition , about two dozen highly developed multimedia pages are presented as examples of what to expect in time throughout the EOL .
Feedback on the first 30,000 pages will shape the ultimate design and functionality of all 1.8 million pages , scheduled for completion by 2017 .
It will also help inform priorities for content development .
The rapid progress to date was congratulated by Harvard 's E.O. Wilson , University Professor Emeritus , who articulated the need for a dynamic modern portrait of biodiversity in a widely read essay in 2003 .
His letter in 2005 to the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation resulted in a $ 10 million seed grant to start the EOL , soon complemented by a further $ 2.5 million from the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation .
" The launch of the Encyclopedia of Life will have a profound and creative effect in science , " says Prof. Wilson .
" It aims not only to summarize all that we know of Earth 's life forms , but also to accelerate the discovery of the vast array that remain unknown .
This great effort promises to lay out new directions for research in every branch of biology . "
The basic design of the EOL species pages that were launched today also owes its genesis to the TED Conference and to Professor Wilson .
In March 2007 Wilson was one of the recipients of a coveted TED prize for his work in documenting and understanding the world 's biodiversity .
In his acceptance speech , Wilson asked TED attendees to help him develop an encyclopedia of life .
Avenue A | Razorfish , an innovative web design firm , took up the challenge and helped to create an award winning video and the basic template for EOL species pages .
The pages launched today are based on the list of accepted species assembled by the Catalogue of Life and include :
Two dozen exemplar pages , illustrating the kinds of rich multi-media information to be provided for all well - known species .
Content on these pages has been verified by relevant experts ;
30,000 species pages , covering a small number of taxonomic groups .
These pages contain authenticated content but are not as fully developed as the exemplars ;
1 million minimal pages , in most cases providing the species ' scientific and common names , limited information about its taxonomic position and geographic distribution ( with maps provided by the Global Biodiversity Information Facility ) , and links to other sources of information .
These pages are , in effect , placeholders to be populated with information validated by specialist content editors .
Content will also be generated via the Biodiversity Heritage Library , other web - based resources , and by professional and ' citizen scientists ' ;
Several thousand linking pages to help users traverse the taxonomic hierarchy .
Simply listing in one place all 1.8 million species known to science will be unprecedented .
Today , knowledge about biodiversity gleaned over 250 years is scattered across databases , books , and journals worldwide .
Researchers are often overwhelmed by lists of sites found by search engines or by lack of easy access to libraries , museums , and other storehouses of knowledge .
EOL will create ' one - stop shopping ' for authoritative information , offering the world at large a better understanding of the planet and all its inhabitants .
It is being assembled by a growing partnership of individual scientists , international organizations , technology leaders , and prestigious research institutions .
But soon anyone will be able to provide information for consideration , too .
" It is exciting to anticipate the scientific chords we might hear once 1.8 million notes are brought together through this instrument , " says Jim Edwards , Executive Director of the EOL .
" Potential EOL users are professional and citizen scientists , teachers , students , media , environmental managers , families and artists .
The site will link the public and scientific community in a collaborative way that 's without precedent in scale . "
" There are very many species for which we do not have high quality images or text .
Think of these pages as invitations to contribute to EOL , " says Dr. Edwards .
Starting later this year , the public will be able to contribute text , videos , images , and other information about a species .
The best of this information will be incorporated into the authenticated pages .
The authenticated pages also include a wealth of other materials , including peer - reviewed articles and access to DNA barcodes , all freely available .
While most pages are now in English , eventually , they will be available in several other languages for teaching and learning .
" EOL is a good example of the way the World Wide Web can be used innovatively to assemble diverse kinds of information in an easy - to - use , ever - growing compendium .
It can accommodate almost any kind of information about species and , unlike a published book , can be updated instantly , " says Dr. Edwards .
" The Encyclopedia of Life can raise our sights and expand our view of life on Earth , " said Jonathan F. Fanton , president of the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation .
" Just as a microscope reveals and helps us better understand the small and particular , the EOL will allow us to discern patterns previously unseen , illuminating relationships , identifying gaps in our knowledge , and suggesting opportunities for new avenues of inquiry .
What was once viewed by many as ' wishful thinking ' is now entirely possible and underway . "
" While it will take 10 years to assemble at least basal information on all 1.8 million known species , the EOL will be a functional , organized , highly valuable resource in three to five years , " says Prof.
James Hanken , director of Harvard 's Museum of Comparative Zoology , who also chairs the EOL Steering Committee .
" The cooperation between the many world - leading biodiversity and technology institutions partnered in this project is both unprecedented and exciting . "
" At its launch last May , we said the EOL can be done , " says Jesse Ausubel , of the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation .
" The remarkable progress made in the few months since has fostered confidence it will be done .
The EOL canvas now has a million sketch lines and we have painted a small corner in full color .
We look forward to public reviews that will shape the final product . "
Background
The EOL Steering Committee is comprised of senior authorities from Harvard University , Smithsonian Institution , the Field Museum of Chicago , the Marine Biological Laboratory at Woods Hole , the Biodiversity Heritage Library consortium , Missouri Botanical Garden , and the MacArthur and Sloan Foundations .
The EOL Institutional Council contains more than 25 institutions from around the world and provides EOL with global perspectives and outreach capabilities .
The Distinguished Advisory Board consists of 13 global leaders from the scientific and policy communities .
Driving the EOL forward as well are several working groups :
The Species Sites Group works with scientists and other contributors to assemble and authenticate the species pages content .
It recruits diverse data providers and engages expert page " curators " of information on the species pages .
The group is also implementing a robust intellectual property regime that ensures open access to EOL materials .
Finally , the team is developing portals for specialized audiences .
The Biodiversity Informatics Group is responsible for the software establishing a single portal to reach volumes of species information scattered worldwide , seamlessly aggregating data from thousands of sites using novel tools to capture , organize , and reshape biodiversity knowledge .
In collaboration with data providers , the group is obtaining , indexing , and recombining information for expert and non-expert users alike .
The next step involves deploying a suite of tools and services to index , organize , and associate data elements or create new elements .
Technology giants , including Adobe , Microsoft and the Wikimedia Foundation , are providing active support .
The Scanning and Digitization Group is led by the Biodiversity Heritage Library , a consortium of 10 natural history and botanical libraries , which have already digitized more than 2.5 million pages of biodiversity literature and made them available as part of a public commons .
Citizens of all nations have access to this wealth of information free of charge and of most copyright and licensing restrictions .
This combination of access to primary texts and literature and the ability to use it freely enables individuals everywhere to participate locally in the global effort to catalogue new species and protect existing biodiversity .
The Education and Outreach Group works to insure widespread awareness of the EOL , and to explore and promote new and exciting uses of this extraordinary resource in diverse global settings .
The group strives to make EOL relevant , usable and interesting to a broad range of potential users and to encourage their participation by providing tools to organize and contribute observations , media and data about the species they study .
The Biodiversity Synthesis Group supports EOL 's growth and use by facilitating cross-disciplinary involvement of the scientific and academic community and by contributing to its educational and conservation uses .
Its ultimate goal is to ask , and attempt to answer , new questions about biodiversity by supporting working groups to explore integrative topics , including taxonomy , evolution , biogeography , phylogenetics and biodiversity informatics .
###
About the John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation
The John D. and Catherine T. MacArthur Foundation ( www.macfound.org) is a private , independent grant - making institution helping to build a more just , sustainable , and peaceful world .
Through the support it provides , the Foundation fosters the development of knowledge , nurtures individual creativity , strengthens institutions , helps improve public policy , and provides information to the public , primarily through support for public interest media .
With assets of $ 6.8 billion , the Foundation makes approximately $ 260 million in grants annually
About the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation
The Alfred P. Sloan Foundation ( www.sloan.org), established in 1934 , makes grants in science , technology , and the quality of American life .
Major science initiatives of the Foundation in recent years include the Sloan Digital Sky Survey ( the most ambitious astronomical survey ever undertaken , to provide detailed optical images covering more than a quarter of the sky and a 3 - dimensional map of about a million galaxies and quasars ) ; the Census of Marine Life ( a decade - long program to culminate in 2010 to assess and explain the diversity , distribution , and abundance of ocean life from microbes to mammals ) ; and the Barcode of Life Initiative ( to develop short DNA identifiers for all plants , animals , and fungi ) .
Some of EOL 's data partners include :
FishBase ( www.fishbase.org), a global information system with all you ever wanted to know about fishes .
FishBase is a relational database with information to cater to different professionals such as research scientists , fisheries managers , zoologists and many more .
The FishBase Website contains data on practically every fish species known to science .
The project was developed at the WorldFish Center in collaboration with the Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations and many other partners , and with support from the European Commission .
FishBase is serving information on more than 30,000 fish species through the EOL .
The Catalogue of Life Partnership ( CoLp ) ( www.catalogueoflife.org), an informal partnership dedicated to creating an index of the world 's organisms .
The Catalogue of Life provides different forms of access to an integrated , quality , maintained , comprehensive consensus species checklist and taxonomic hierarchy , presently covering more than one million species , and intended to cover all know species in the near future .
They contain substantial contributions of taxonomic expertise from more than fifty organizations around the world , integrated into a single work by the ongoing work of the CoLp partners .
The EOL currently uses CoLp as its taxonomic backbone .
Tree of Life web project ( ToL ) ( www.tolweb.org), a collaborative effort of biologists from around the world .
On more than 9,000 World Wide Web pages , the project provides information about the diversity of organisms on Earth , their evolutionary history ( phylogeny ) , and characteristics .
ToL pages are linked to one another hierarchically , in the form of the evolutionary tree of life .
Starting with the root of all Life on Earth and moving out along diverging branches to individual species , the structure of the ToL project thus illustrates the genetic connections between all living things .
In the future , ToL Web will concentrate on supra-specific species pages and EOL on species - level pages .
The Global Biodiversity Information Facility ( GBIF ) ( www.gbif.org), the world 's premiere source for information on biological specimen and observational data , providing on - line access to more than 135 million data records from around the world .
GBIF is providing range maps for the EOL species pages .
AmphibiaWeb ( http://amphibiaweb. org ) , an online system enabling anyone with a Web browser to search and retrieve information relating to amphibian biology and conservation .
This site was inspired by the global declines of amphibians , the study of which has been hindered by the lack of multidisplinary studies and a lack of coordination in monitoring , in field studies , and in lab studies .
One of its major goals is to encourage a shared vision for the study of global amphibian declines and the conservation of remaining amphibians .
The Solanaceae Source Web site ( www.nhm.ac.uk/research-curation/projects/solanaceaesource), the product of an ongoing five year project : Planetary Biodiversity Inventory ( PBI ) Solanum : A worldwide treatment .
The aim of the project is to produce a worldwide taxonomic monograph of the species occurring within the plant genus Solanum ( the potato and tomato family ) , organized by a robust phylogenetic framework .
The project began in January 2004 and is just one of four inventories funded by the U.S. National Science Foundation at that time .
The project is made possible through collaborations between Solanaceae specialists worldwide , with principal investigators from four research institutions in England and the United States .
All of these resources rely on the world 's taxonomists , the scientists who study and name species .
It is only through their heroic efforts that a resource like the EOL could even be contemplated .
US contact : Breen Byrnes , 202-633-8730 ; byrnesb@si.edu
As smears go , this example from the far - right Washington Times , by way of Greg Sargent , is just sad .
Members of Washington ’s military and defense establishment are expressing trepidation about Sen. Barack Obama , as the Illinois senator comes closer to winning the Democratic presidential nomination and leads in national polls to become commander in chief . [… ]
Still , the mostly conservative retired officers , industry executives and current defense officials interviewed by The Washington Times cite Mr. Obama ’s lack of experience in national security .
They also point to his determination to pull American combat units from Iraq at a time when a troop surge has reduced violence , damaged al Qaeda and allowed the Iraqi government to progress toward Sunni - Shia - Kurd reconciliation .
“ We ’re very concerned about his apparent lack of understanding on the threat of radical Islam to the United States , ” said retired Air Force Lt. Gen .
Thomas McInerney , who is pro-Iraq war and a Fox News analyst .
“ A lot of retired senior officers feel the same way . ”
Really ?
" A lot " ?
Given that the Washington Times , a project of cult - leader Sun Myung Moon , suggests military concerns about Obama are widespread , we should probably take a closer look at who , exactly , has these fears .
The article quoted exactly one — one — Obama critic in the military by name , which does n’t exactly speak to widespread fears .
And who is retired Air Force Lt. Gen. Thomas McInerney ?
In 2006 , it was McInerney who insisted that Russian Special Forces entered Iraq before the invasion and moved Saddam ’s WMD to Syria .
In 2002 , McInerney assured Americans the war in Iraq “ will be a war that is shorter than ” the 1991 Gulf War , which lasted 42 days .
In 2005 , McInerney insisted that terrorists no longer feel the need to attack inside the United States because we have “ leftists in America who have aided and abetted the enemy more than Tokyo Rose did in World War II . ”
The man is a sad , right - wing , unhinged activist .
That the Washington Times could only quote one retired military official , and they dug up McInerney to smear Obama , suggests Obama is in pretty good shape .
As for the stable members of the military , retired Air Force Gen. Merrill A. McPeak , who campaigned for Bob Dole in 1996 and George W. Bush in 2000 , recently concluded that Obama is “ what the joint chiefs want to see — somebody they can rely and depend on . ”
McPeak told the Times , “ I think Obama is going to be an outstanding commander in chief , not just an ordinary commander in chief .
He has the potential to be one of the all - time greats .
I think the senior military will learn that about him starting from the first minute he occupies the Oval Office . ”
He does n’t sound especially “ fearful . ”
Possibly one of the most terrifying and demoralising infantry weapons ever produced is the portable flamethrower .
As the introduction to the 1944 Australian Army training pamphlet for flamethrowers states : " ... flame has a powerful psychological effect in that humans instinctively withdraw from it , even when their morale is good .
In addition , it is a casualty producing and lethal agent . "
Although first used by the German Army during WW1 , the Australian Army 's experience with flamethrowers really began during WW 2 when a need for this type of weapon was identified .
Experience showed that a stubborn enemy , when well dug into extensive bunker systems , was extremely difficult and costly to dislodge using the more conventional small arms and grenades .
WW1 French troops using flamethrowers .
Operational and experimental reports about the development and use of flame throwers were available to Australia from our Allies and demonstrated just how effective this weapon could be , particularly in clearing out enemy from fortifications with overhead cover .
As a result , the Australian Army saw a requirement for two types of flamethrowers : a " man-pack " or portable model for the infantry and a larger " mechanised " model for mounting in armoured vehicles .
However , the then standard US Army issue flamethrower , the M1A1 , was not available in quantity so , in January 1944 , design work on a local - pattern flamethrower was commenced .
A pilot model , manufactured mainly by British Tube Mills ( Australia ) Pty Ltd , was completed by the following April .
This was designated the Flamethrower , Portable , Ferret ( Aust ) Mark 1 , the name Ferret being suggested because it would be used to ferret out enemy from bunkers .
Badge worn by German flame - thrower troops in WW1 .
They were despised and were never taken prisoner .
Despite encouraging results from the initial trials , development was slowed when it was learnt that sufficient quantities of American flamethrowers would become available shortly .
Nevertheless , the Ferret was further developed , with Mk2 and MC ( Improved ) experimental models produced .
Although never accepted into service with the Australian Army , the Ferret 's fate was not finally sealed until early 1947 , when a series of comparative tests against the American M2‑2 flamethrower were carried out by the School of Infantry .
These tests showed that the performance of both types was near identical at optimum working pressure and that there was no advantage to be gained by adopting the local - pattern Ferret .
The American man -pack flamethrower which initially became available about April 1944 which used compressed nitrogen as a propellant , compressed hydrogen an ignition gas and a battery –powered ignition system .
All up , it weighed about 30kg ( 80 pounds ) fully loaded .
Only six are known to have been officially supplied before being super­seded by the improved M2 - 2 flamethrower .
The M2 - 2 with an important local modification .
was a type officially adopted for service with the Australian Army .
The modification was the incorporation of a special non-return valve which prevented the expulsion of fuel under pressure in the case of a rupture disc failing .
Spare pressure tanks were also manufactured in Australia , on the basis of six tanks per flamethrower .
By early 1945 , 162 M2 - 2 flamethrowers had been allocated to Australia under lend lease , allowing an issue of 36 per jungle division plus a reserve .
These were supported by special truck - mounted , Rix Type K , three - stage air compressors which were allocated to each division to provide a supply of pressurised cylinders .
Flame fuel was another item which was manufactured locally .
Although most mechanised and man‑pack flamethrowers could be satisfactorily operated using diesel fuel , extensive experimentation showed that there was an optimum combination of operating pressure and thickness of fuel .
The optimum combination for a particular type of flamethrower was considered to be the one which gave the maximum range and most burning fuel onto the target .
While variations to the working pressure were not such a problem finding the best fuel type took a considerable of experimental effort .
The result was Geletrol which was formally accepted by the General Staff as fuel thickener in October 1944 .
It was made by combining various weights of the dried chemical compound Aluminium Oleate with petrol , diesel or a petrol ‑diesel mix .
The type of fuel used and the percentage mixture depended on the intended use .
Although Aluminium Oleate had previously been used in relatively small quantities for the manufacture of specialised paints and greases , its use in flame warfare was entirely new .
As a result , the sudden increase in demand stretched production facilities in Australia to the limit .
Not only had the Army found a use for it in both man‑pack and mechanised flamethrowers but both the RAAF and the Royal Navy ( operating in the Pacific ) had also found it useful for making drop‑tank incendiary bombs .
Local manufacture was carried out by two companies : Fletcher Chemical Company of Melbourne , and Robert Corbet Pty Ltd of Sydney .
By early 1945 , they were supplying specially scaled tropic proof packs of the light brown , granular chemical in either 20 - pound tins for mechanised flamethrowers or 2 - pound tins for man -pack flamethrowers .
The man - pack flamethrower proved a very effective weapon , being used on many occasions in the later stages of the war .
Just how effective can he illustrated by the actions on Tarakan of the flamethrower team from 2/48th Infantry Battalion who , on May 5 , 1945 , attacked a bunker from a range of about 10 m .
The flame went over the first bunker and into three well - camouflaged bunkers in the rear , from which the Japanese troops hastily withdrew without firing a shot !
I Approximately 14,000 M1A1s were produced , and the model was eventually replaced by the M2 - 2 Flamethrower .
The M1A1 Flamethrower used thickened gasoline as a fuel , and required two men to operate ; an operator to wield the flamethrower itself , and an assistant to open the fuel source valves and carry extra fuel , tools , and weapons for the both of them .
Other battalions reported similar experiences .
The 2/7th Australian Infantry Battalion Flamethrower Section , made up of 111 volunteers , was particularly successful during May 1945 , when it used a pair of flamethrowers on several occasions to overcome well - fortified Japanese positions .
Statements in the after - action reports sum up the attacks : " ... patrol reported enemy were demoralized by flame .. " and " ...
Japanese sentry was highly surprised .... ran back screaming ! "
Such encounters often resulted in large gains for very few casualties .
<<< Papua , New Guinea .
1942-08 .
Flame throwers used by the Japanese against Australian troops at Milne Bay .
Following the end of the war , the M2 - 2 remained on the inventory as the Australian Army 's only man-pack flamethrower , although trials were carried out from time to time with equipment from other sources , including the British Lifebuoy - type flamethrower .
The M2 - 2 was eventually modernised by upgrade or replacement , to M2A1 and M2A2 standard during , the 1950s .
These remained in service until 1964 , when a further upgrade to M2A1 - 7 standard took place .
Photo courtesy NARA
A U.S. flamethrower operator in Vietnam during Operation New Castle -- the weight and size of the fuel tanks made the soldier extremely vulnerable to enemy fire , and troops had to be assigned to protect him .
Man -pack flamethrowers were again used operationally by Australian troops on several occasions during the war in South Vietnam .
The fighting around Fire Support Bases Coral and Balmoral , for example , saw assault pioneers use flamethrowers to successfully subdue Viet Cong bunkers .
Not only were they used on foot but on one occasion , from the rear deck of a Centurion Armoured Recovery Vehicle !
Photo courtesy NARA
Flame tanks of the 1st ( US ) Tank Battalion attack No-name Village , in the Quang Ngai province of Vietnam , during Operation Doser .
The M2A1 - 7 was the last man-pack flamethrower to be listed on the Australian Army 's inventory .
By late 1987 , with local stocks of spare parts running low and additional parts no longer available from the United States , the type was declared obsolete .
A few were retained on an official basis for museums such as the infantry and engineer museums but the majority were scrapped .
Despite its demonstrated effectiveness and some rumours about purchasing the M2A9 version , there is apparently no intention at this time to re-introduce a man-pack flamethrower into the Australian Army .
Hello Panda ’s Thumbers .
I have n’t posted for quite a few months , although there is news from Kansas that I ’ll have to share in just a few days .
But here ’s the quick way to put up a post - offer something written by someone else .
A few months ago Pulitzer Price winning author Edward Humes ( www.edwardhumes.com) contacted Liz Craig and me at Kansas Citizens for Science , offering us an advance copy of his new book , “ Monkey Girl , ” about the Dover trial .
I had been interviewed by Ed back during the Kansas 2005 “ science hearings , ” and material about Kansas is in “ Monkey Girl ” as background material .
We passed the book over to fellow KCFS board member Pat Hayes , whose blog Red State Rabble is a popular daily read for many .
Pat loved the book , and wrote an excellent post about it .
I ’d like to pass Pat ’s post on in its entirety , although you can go here and read in its home location if you wish , particularly if you want to follow the links to online book stores or to the audio excerpts .
There ’s a lot about Kansas here , but this is timely given that the Kansas Board of Education will be voting in just two weeks to throw out the creationist science standards and to adopt the high - quality standards written by the duly - appointed science standards writing committee .
So be sure to read to the end to read Pat ’s strong endorsement of “ Monkey Girl , ” and put it on your reading list when it comes out in just a few days .
Monday , January 29 , 2007
MONKEY GIRL Monkey Girl By Edward Humes Ecco , 400 pp. , $ 25.95 Amazon - Barnes & Noble - Powells
Listen to an audio excerpt of Monkey Girl : Evolution , Religion , and the Battle for America ’s Soul : MP3 - Podcast
“ When I said I thought it would be kind of good to learn more about evolution , some other kids started calling me Monkey Girl .
‘ Cause they said God made them , but that I must ’ve come from chimps … “ – 14 - year - old from Dover , PA
Two years ago , on Feb.
1 , 2005 , the committee charged with drafting science standards for Kansas public schools held a hearing at Schlagel High in Kansas City , Kansas .
It was the first of four hearings scheduled for different parts of the state .
These sort of public policy meetings are an essential part of the democratic process , but they are rarely well attended .
That night , to nearly everyone ’s astonishment , more than 400 people gave up the warmth of their living rooms and the pleasures of “ Will & Grace , ” “ The Gilmore Girls , ” and one of the hottest shows of the new season , “ American Idol , ” to drive through the winter night in order to attend .
More than 60 of them indicated they wanted to speak on the draft science standards , and a two - minute time limit was established to accommodate them all .
Even so , the meeting and a spirited debate continued long past the hearing ’s scheduled end .
This intense concern about the science curriculum , normally of interest only to public school teachers , administrators , and a small handful of parents was sparked by the results of a school board election two months earlier .
Social conservatives , led by Steve Abrams , a veterinarian from Arkansas City in south - central Kansas , won a majority on the board .
In 1999 , Abrams led an effort by Christian conservatives to remove all references to evolution , the age of the earth , and the Big Bang from the state ’s science curriculum .
That effort was thwarted when pro-science moderates won the next election .
In Kansas , half of the 10 - member school board comes up for election every two years .
By 2004 the conflict that energized so many voters just a few years earlier seemed to have receded into the past .
Few voters were paying attention to the down - ticket school board races .
When the results were announced , Abrams found himself back in the majority with six of the board ’s 10 votes .
Abrams was elected board chair and promised to revise the standards again .
This time not with Bible - based creation science as he had in 1999 , but with something new .
That something new was called intelligent design theory .
It ’s backers said it had nothing to do with faith or the Biblical creation story told in the book of Genesis .
Intelligent design advocates , such as John Calvert , a retired attorney and leader of the ID Network , claimed that a growing number of scientists were embracing this new theory .
The plant and animal life we see around us , they said , is n’t a product of evolution as the 19th century naturalist Charles Darwin believed , but of design .
The identity of the designer could not be determined , these theorists said , but the evidence of the designer ’s work was all around us .
The auditorium at Schlagel High that night was about equally divided between defenders of evolution and supporters of revising the curriculum to include the new theory of intelligent design and its criticisms of evolution .
The speakers who took the mike to defend the standards developed by the majority of the curriculum committee were mostly high school science teachers , biology professors from nearby colleges , and members of Kansas Citizen ’s for Science , a group that had come together in 1999 to oppose Abrams ’ insertion of creationism into the standards .
They spoke passionately about the embarrassment Kansas was suffering at the hands of late - night talk show hosts , the likely damage to the Kansas economy , and the setback delivered to science education in the state .
Those who spoke in favor of the ID - inspired revisions supported by the school board ’s conservative majority had little to say about intelligent design .
Instead , they spoke of their heartfelt desire to teach Christian values to their children .
Others spoke about their distress at what they took to be attacks on their religious faith .
Still others admitted they did n’t know much about intelligent design , but if it meant that their children would learn the creation story told in Genesis , they would support it .
“ If we come from monkeys , how come there ’s still monkeys around ? ” one speaker who identified himself as a minister demanded to know .
The minister delivered his line about monkeys with the considerable satisfaction of a man who has decisively settled an argument by stating a previously unacknowledged obvious .
He clutched a Bible in his hand as he paced back and forth before the curriculum committee , disdaining the microphone , his voice projected into the farthest reaches of the auditorium without the slightest need for amplification .
He spoke in the familiar call and response cadences of a revival meeting , and many in the audience punctuated his rhetorical pauses with a percussive “ Amen ! ”
John Calvert was sitting in the audience that night , but he did n’t speak and , despite the strong showing by the anti-evolution side , he did n’t seem very happy with what he saw .
Later , Calvert would report on the hearing on a Discovery Institute discussion board , and his reservations about the public hearings would become clear :
One thing is obvious .
This is not the proper process for deciding this issue .
Focused hearings from experts are desperately needed to cut through the misinformation , ridicule and half truths .
It would have helped to have more scientists on our side .
If that had been the case we would have won the debate hands down .
As it was , the objective observer would leave scratching his head .
Calvert knew the public hearings posed a problem for intelligent design advocates .
Creationists had lost a series of court rulings over the years :
* In 1968 , the Supreme Court found that an Arkansas law prohibiting the teaching of evolution was unconstitutional because the motivation was based on a literal reading of Genesis , not science .
*
In 1981 , a federal judge ruled that Arkansas ’ “ balanced treatment ” law mandating equal treatment of creation science with evolution was unconstitutional .
*
In 1987 , in Edwards vs. Aguillard , the Supreme Court voted 7 - 2 to invalidate Louisiana ’s “ Creationism Act ” because it violated the Establishment Clause .
With intelligent design , opponents of evolution like Calvert , thought they ’d found a plausibly secular alternative to evolution that could survive a court challenge , but unsophisticated supporters who linked ID with creationism at the public hearings were giving the game away .
A “ proper process ” as Calvert delicately put it , had to be found to keep unwitting ID supporters from supplying ammunition for a court challenge to the science standards the conservative school board majority planned to adopt .
A few weeks after Calvert aired his proposal on the Discovery Institute discussion forum , the six conservative members of the state school board voted to short circuit the curriculum development process by creating a sub-committee of the board to hold hearings on the science curriculum .
The sub -committee , made up of Abrams , Kathy Martin , and Connie Morris , planned to spend a couple of weeks in May questioning a panel of experts , half supplied by the Discovery Institute to represent intelligent design , and half from the scientific community to speak for mainstream science .
The two sides would square off against each other in a modern re-creation of the Scopes Monkey Trial .
There was just one problem .
The judges , composed exclusively of conservative school board members , would not be impartial .
Kansas Citizen ’s for Science called it a kangaroo court .
Harry McDonald , who was then president of KCFS , called on scientists to boycott the hearings .
Not one mainstream scientist participated in what ID activists , on and off the board , hoped would be a national showcase for intelligent design .
As a result , public attendance at the hearings was sparse – much smaller than at the four public hearings conducted by curriculum committee back in January and February – and the national media , after an initial appearance , went home early .
The refusal of scientists to participate in the Kansas hearings left many ID activists with a bitter taste in their mouths .
William Dembski , a prominent ID theorist who publishes the Uncommon Descent blog , posted a response to the scientist ’s refusal titled , The Vise Strategy : Squeezing the Truth out of Darwinists .
Dembski’s sense of outrage at the events in Kansas was revealed by a number of photos that accompanied his post .
They showed a Darwin doll with its head locked in a vise .
“ The recent hearings conducted by the school board in Kansas , ” wrote Dembski , “ made it clear that what needs to happen is not for our side to be interrogated by Clarence Darrow manquÃ©s ( like Pedro Irigonegaray , the attorney for the other side in Kansas ) but for our side to get to interrogate the Darwinists . ”
When Dembski wrote those words , he and others in the ID camp , believed they might get the chance to do just that .
A school board in Dover , PA had mandated that a statement critical of evolution be read to students in the district .
The statement mentioned intelligent design as an alternative theory and it directed students to copies of Pandas and People , an ID textbook edited by Dembski , that had been anonymously donated to the school library .
A group of 11 parents represented by the ACLU and Americans United for Separation of Church and State filed suit against the board ’s statement contending it violated the First Amendment to the Constitution .
The school board was to be represented by the Thomas More Law Center , which describes itself as “ the sword and shield for people of faith , providing legal representation without charge to defend and protect Christians and their religious beliefs in the public square . ”
The case would be heard by a federal judge appointed by George W. Bush who had a reputation as a conservative Republican .
The opportunity to make their case in a public hearing before an international audience , to present their own experts – Dembski and other fellows of the Discovery Institute were signed on as expert witnesses by the defense – and to interrogate “ Darwinists ” under oath which was denied them in Kansas would , in just a few short months , offer itself again , this time in Pennsylvania .
The stage had been set for the greatest confrontation between opponents of evolution and the scientific establishment since the Scopes Monkey Trial in 1925 .
“ Monkey Girl : Evolution , Religion , and the Battle for America ’s Soul ” by Ed Humes tells the fascinating story of the Dover trial .
His highly readable account of the trial and the events leading up to it will be released on January 30 .
Humes is the author of eight critically acclaimed nonfiction books including Over Here , School Of Dreams , Baby E.R. , Mean Justice , No Matter How Loud I Shout , and the bestseller Mississippi Mud .
He ’s received the Pulitzer Prize for his journalism and awards from PEN and Investigative Reporters and Editors for his books .
Red State Rabble received an advance copy of Humes ’ book , we ’ve read it cover to cover , and we can recommend it unreservedly .
Even those who have followed the battle over evolution obsessively will find much that is new in this book .
Part of the power of Humes ’ book come from the scrupulous fairness with which he treats all participants in the story .
Even so , he goes beyond the “ he said , she said ” sort of writing that passes itself off as journalism these days .
For example , Humes paints a sensitive , balanced portrait of William Buckingham , the Oxycontin - addicted Dover board member who drove hardest for the adoption of the anti-evolution policy .
But in doing so , Humes does n’t allow Buckingham to escape responsibility for his actions .
Actions which ultimately cost the taxpayers of Dover $ 1 million in court costs and lawyer ’s fees .
“ Monkey Girl , ” we think , will prove to be the book on the culture war fought out over evolution in Kansas and Pennsylvania .
We ’ll be writing much more about it in coming days .
We have n’t felt this strongly about a book since Dava Sobel ’s masterful “ Galileo ’s Daughter . ”
Correction :
In our original post , we said that Jack Krebs was president of KCFS during the May 2005 Kansas science hearings when in fact Harry McDonald was president .
Jack Krebs , the current president of KCFS was vice - president then .
Trophy Awards is open but experiencing slight delays to our typical turnaround time .
Orders that may have shipped in 3 - 5 days are now shipping in 6 - 9 days .
We are still offering our priority services for customers who need their orders sooner .
We appreciate your patience as we are working hard to meet your requests during this challenging time .
Stay Healthy .
We will get through this together !
Attorney General Michael Mukasey smiles during his confirmation hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee on Capitol Hill in Washington October 17 , 2007 .
Mukasey said on Friday he keeps in his office a portrait of George Orwell , whose book " 1984 " envisioned a futuristic technology security state overseen by a prying " Big Brother . "
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) -
The top law enforcement official said on Friday he keeps in his office a portrait of George Orwell , whose book “ 1984 ” envisioned a futuristic technology security state overseen by a prying “ Big Brother . ”
But the inspiration comes from Orwell ’s writing style , not the dystopian world the English writer depicted , an aide said .
Attorney General Michael Mukasey , in his first extensive meeting with reporters since taking office in November , said he selected two portraits for his office , the first being Robert Jackson , a former Supreme Court Justice , U.S. attorney general and Nuremberg war crimes prosecutor .
Mukasey , a former federal judge , said he admired Jackson for his clarity of expression and thought .
“ I said I had his picture hanging .
His was one of two .
The other was George Orwell , so put ‘em together ” Mukasey said without elaborating .
Asked what Mukasey saw in Orwell , Justice Department spokesman Peter Carr said it was his clarity .
“ When he was a judge , he assigned new law clerks George Orwell ’s 1946 essay ‘ Politics and the English Language . ’
It ’s one of the first things our speechwriter received as well , ” Carr said .
Orwell wrote in his essay , “ Political language ... is designed to make lies sound truthful and murder respectable , and to give an appearance of solidity to pure wind . ”
Jackson also had memorable sayings .
“ The price of freedom of religion , or of speech , or of the press , is that we must put up with a good deal of rubbish , ” he once wrote .
Oregon 's most famous disabled single mother has launched a new attack on the Recording Ass. of America , accusing the organization of " killing dolphins . "
On Friday , Tanya Andersen filed an amended complaint ( PDF ) in her much - discussed class action lawsuit against the RIAA , and the 109 - page document begins by pointing out that the RIAA likens itself to some sort of heartless driftnet fisherman .
" For nearly three years of her life , Tanya Andersen and her young daughter were subjected to an outrageous series of baseless accusations and unrelenting threats of financial ruin , " the complaint reads .
" The world ’s four major recording studios had devised an illegal enterprise intent on maintaining their virtually complete monopoly over the distribution of recorded music .
" The enterprise is conducted with total disregard for innocent individuals .
Dead people have been sued .
Children have been sued .
People without computers have been sued .
As a senior RIAA spokeswoman explained : ' When you fish with a net , you are going to catch a few dolphins . '
By their own early admission , they were knowingly engaged in a ' driftnet fishing ' operation and ' innocent dolphins ' were the collateral damage in their ' nets . ' "
Andersen 's complaint is just the latest salvo in her nearly four - year - old battle with the RIAA .
The organization first sued the single mom back in 2004 , accusing her of illegally downloading tunes from the net .
These tunes included " Shake that Ass Bitch , " " Bullet in the Head , " and " I Stab People . "
The suit was eventually dismissed .
But Andersen counter - sued , accusing RIAA goons of attempting to contact her then ten - year - old daughter by faking a phone call from the child 's grandmother .
Now , a new Andersen suit seeks class action status , demanding redress for everyone else who was allegedly harassed by the RIAA .
The suit demands satisfaction from the Ass. as well as the big - name record labels that back the Ass. and MediaSentry , the company the Ass. hired to investigate suspected online file sharers .
" In 2003 and before , the Big 4 recording companies conspired with the enforcement / lobbying arm of the music cartel - the RIAA - and MediaSentry to devise an investigation scheme that was both illegal and seriously flawed , " the complaint continues .
" The scheme was based on secret private investigations by unlicensed , unregistered and uncertified private investigators .
" These private investigators claim to have illegally entered the hard drives of tens of thousands of private American citizens to look for music recordings stored there .
This personal invasion is a crime in virtually every state in the country .
If music was ' discovered ' through this illegal process , the private investigators would then sell the identity of the computers ’ internet protocol address to the RIAA and the Big 4 record companies . " ®
( Reuters ) - Following are notable quotes from before and after the U.S. invasion of Iraq in March 2003 .
* July 11 , 2002 - “ Support for Saddam , including within his military organization , will collapse after the first whiff of gunpowder . ” - Richard Perle , then Pentagon Defense Policy Board chairman .
* September 19 , 2002 - “ I hereby declare before you that Iraq is clear of all nuclear , chemical and biological weapons . ” - Saddam Hussein in message to U.N. General Assembly .
* November 14 , 2002 - “ The Gulf War in the 1990s lasted five days on the ground .
I ca n’t tell you if the use of force in Iraq today would last five days , or five weeks or five months .
But it certainly is n’t going to last any longer than that . ” - Then Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld .
* January 20 , 2003 - “ His regime has large , unaccounted for stockpiles of chemical and biological weapons , including VX , sarin , mustard gas , anthrax , botulism and possibly smallpox .
And he has an active program to acquire and develop nuclear weapons . ” - Rumsfeld .
* March 16 , 2003 - “ I think things have gotten so bad inside Iraq , from the standpoint of the Iraqi people , my belief is we will , in fact , be greeted as liberators . ” - U.S. Vice President Dick Cheney to U.S. television network NBC .
* March 20 , 2003 - “ The criminal little Bush has committed a crime against humanity . ” - Saddam , on first day of invasion .
* April 10 , 2003 - “ Saddam Hussein is now taking his rightful place alongside Hitler , Stalin , Lenin , Ceausescu in the pantheon of failed brutal dictators , and the Iraqi people are well on their way to freedom . ” - Rumsfeld .
* April 11 , 2003 - “ Stuff happens . ” - Rumsfeld , asked about rampant lawlessness in Baghdad after U.S. troops captured the capital .
“ It ’s untidy , and freedom ’s untidy , and free people are free to make mistakes and commit crimes and do bad things . ”
* May 1 , 2003 - “ Major combat operations in Iraq have ended .
In the battle of Iraq , the United States and our allies have prevailed . ” - U.S. President George W. Bush , aboard the USS Abraham Lincoln under a banner declaring “ Mission Accomplished ” .
* July 24 , 2003 - “ Death is not enough .
They should have been hung up on poles in a square in Baghdad so all Iraqis could see them .
Then they should have died as people ate them alive . ” - Baghdad businessman Khalil Ali after U.S. forces kill Saddam ’s sons Uday and Qusay .
* September 14 , 2003 - “ He ( Saddam ) had long established ties with al Qaeda . ” - Cheney to a conservative think - tank .
* October 3 , 2003 - “ There ’s no question this guy ( Saddam ) had invested billions in developing illegal programs of weapons of mass destruction and do n’t let anybody tell you this was not a significant threat . ” - Cheney to political fund - raiser in Iowa .
* December 13 , 2003 - “ My name is Saddam Hussein .
I am the president of Iraq , and I want to negotiate . ” - Saddam to U.S. troops who captured him .
* December 14 , 2003 - “ We got him , ” then U.S. governor of Iraq Paul Bremer announcing the capture of Saddam .
* January 30 , 2005 - “ This is a historic moment for Iraq , a day when Iraqis can hold their heads high because they are challenging the terrorists and starting to write their future with their own hands . ” - interim Prime Minister Iyad Allawi .
* March 31 , 2005 - “ The intelligence community was absolutely uniform and uniformly wrong about the existence of weapons of mass destruction ( in Iraq ) . ” - Laurence Silberman , co-chairman , Commission on the Intelligence Capabilities of the United States regarding weapons of mass destruction .
* March 19 , 2006 - “ We are losing each day on average 50 to 60 people throughout the country , if not more .
If this is not civil war , then God knows what civil war is . ” - former interim Prime Minister Allawi .
* October 25 , 2006 - “ It ’s my responsibility to provide the American people with a candid assessment on the way forward ...
Absolutely , we ’re winning . ” - Bush .
* November 2006 - “ Here I offer myself in sacrifice . ” - Saddam , in a letter dictated after he was sentenced to death for crimes against humanity .
“ If my soul goes down this path ( of martyrdom ) it will face God in serenity . ”
* December 20 , 2006 - “ We ’re not winning , we ’re not losing . ” - Bush in interview with the Washington Post .
* December 30 , 2006 - “ Moqtada , Moqtada , Moqtada . ” - Unidentified man attending Saddam ’s hanging , referring to a Shi’ite cleric whose family was persecuted by Saddam .
Saddam , the noose around his neck , responded : “ Is this what you call manhood ? ”
“ The tyrant has fallen . ” - Unidentified witness at hanging .
* Dec 30 , 2006 - “ What happened today is unbelievable , it ’s a great joy that I ca n’t even express . ” - Mohammad Kadhim , a journalist in Basra .
“ I ca n’t believe what I ’m seeing on television -- Saddam led to the gallows where he hanged tens of thousands of innocent Iraqis by the same method . ”
* January 10 , 2007 - “ The situation in Iraq is unacceptable to the American people -- and it is unacceptable to me ...
Where mistakes have been made , the responsibility rests with me . ” - Bush .
* April 18 - “ The street was transformed into a swimming pool of blood . ” - Shopkeeper Ahmed Hameed , witness to a car bombing in Baghdad that killed 140 people .
* Aug 26 - “ There are American officials who consider Iraq as if it were one of their villages , for example Hillary Clinton and Carl Levin .
I ask them to come back to their senses , ” Maliki after Democratic presidential hopeful Senator Hillary Clinton and other U.S. critics who have called for him to be replaced .
* Sept 10 - “ We succeeded in stopping Iraq from sliding toward civil war , which was threatening our beloved country . ” - Maliki .
* Nov 16 - “ I tell folks all the time one way to train to conduct operations in Iraq is to watch the last season of the Sopranos .
You get a sense of the conflict among like individuals . ”
Major - General Rick Lynch , commander of U.S. troops south of Baghdad .
* Dec 5 - “ I believe that the goal of a secure , stable and democratic Iraq is within reach . ” - U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates during a visit to Baghdad .
# 405221 +( 15513 ) - [ X ]
< T - Wolf > man , my girlfriend left me for some faggot named robert
< RdAwG20 > you do n't live in Hope mills do you ?
< T- Wolf > ya , why man ?
< RdAwG20 > lol , just wondering , was her namne alisson ?
< T- Wolf > you mother fucker
The Browns welcome the French president and wife to Number 10
Day two highlights
The two countries will hold regular summits and step up co-operation on immigration , defence and the economy .
French President Nicolas Sarkozy also hailed a new era of friendship - but said Britain still needed to play a fuller role in the EU .
The two spoke at a media conference at Arsenal 's football ground in London .
Britain and France issued a 36 - page joint communique setting out areas where they plan to work more closely together , including :
Reforming the G8 to include more members and UN Security Council to include " permanent representation " for Africa , and " permanent membership " for Germany , India , Brazil and Japan
Promoting peace in Darfur and pushing for greater human rights in Burma
New counter - terrorism measures , including scanning traffic at the Channel Tunnel to combat " nuclear terrorism "
Greater pooling of military resources , including more cash for joint research and development
Tightening up border controls at Calais , including fencing around the port
Cooperating on a new generation of nuclear power plants by sharing information on safety , security and waste disposal
The communique was particularly detailed about planned cooperation on defence projects - including " a joint industrial strategy for complex weapons " and co-operation to " develop European military capabilities " .
READ THE COMMUNIQUE
Joint UK - France summit declaration [ 102KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here
At their press conference , Mr Brown said Britain and France shared the same vision for the future of Europe .
" Our two countries are at the heart of what we want to be an outward looking and globally focused Europe .
" We both favour a strong relationship with our American partners .
We agree that only by working together can we confront the challenges we face from terrorism , from climate change , poverty , disease and failed states . "
Credit crunch
He added : " We believe that working together , France and Britain can be an even greater force for good in the world of tomorrow and so , if you like , this will be an entente formidable as well . "
I think she has been an honour to our country , not simply because of the way she looks ... this is a woman who has beliefs , sensitivity ... humanity
Nicolas Sarkozy on his wife Carla Bruni
Sarkozy tribute to wife
What the papers say
Mr Brown also called for greater international co-operation to prevent a repeat of the credit crunch , saying he had agreed a " co-ordinated approach " with France to improve transparency and stability .
Mr Sarkozy said that although he and Mr Brown were at different ends of the spectrum politically - they were " on the same wavelength " personally .
Asked if the closeness with France demonstrated during Mr Sarkozy 's visit would last , Mr Sarkozy joked : " It is more than a one - night stand , we will go into the next day breakfast . "
He also said he had been " deeply moved " by the reception his new wife Carla Bruni had received in the UK following negative coverage of their relationship in the French media .
" I am proud that people have seen her for what she really is and that there is a sense of justice , " he said .
World Cup
The French President also repeated his call for Britain to play a fuller role in the EU , on issues such as immigration and the Lisbon treaty , rather than " being on the sidelines " .
" We need the British to get Europe moving , " he told reporters at a joint press conference .
Gordon Brown and wife Sarah had earlier given President Sarkozy and Ms Bruni a tour of Downing Street .
This visit feels very very different from the icy Chirac / Blair summits
BBC political editor Nick Robinson
Read Nick 's thoughts in full Send us your comments
The leaders ' wives then attended and spoke at a dinner at Lancaster House , in aid of the White Ribbon Alliance for Safe Motherhood .
Mr Sarkozy and Mr Brown , meanwhile , met Arsenal manager Arsene Wenger at the Emirates Stadium in north London .
Speaking to reporters on the pitch ahead of formal talks , Mr Brown announced a joint British - Franco initiative to help to bring education to 16 million children in Africa .
State banquet
He also announced a joint initiative between the two governments , the Football Association , Premier League and FIFA , to improve educational opportunities leading up to the 2010 World Cup in South Africa .
It is the first state visit by French President for 12 years - but many of the headlines in British newspapers have been grabbed by Ms Bruni .
The minor mix - up with the prime minister was not significant and did not impact on the occasion
Buckingham Palace spokesman
Brown ' got lost ' at banquet Analysis : Sarkozy woos UK
The supermodel - turned - singer was the centre of attention at a state banquet at Windsor Castle on Wednesday evening , where she chatted with members of the Royal Family .
Before arriving in Downing Street on Thursday morning , Mr Sarkozy and Ms Bruni laid a wreath and observed a minute 's silence by a statue of General Charles de Gaulle in Carlton Gardens , off Pall Mall , in central London .
After the meeting with the Browns the French president and his wife headed by boat along the Thames to Greenwich as their 36 - hour visit approached an end .
On Thursday evening they attended a banquet , hosted by the Duke and Duchess of Gloucester , at the Guildhall in London , at which the president inspected a Guard of Honour .
QR Code Link to This Post
I 'd like to meet a woman with varied interests , curious about the world , comfortable expressing her likes and dislikes ( I hate struggling to guess ) , delighting in her ability to fascinate a man and in being loved tenderly , who values joy , truth , beauty and justice more than " success " -- so we can share bouts of intense , passionately kind awareness of each other , alternating with tolerant warmth while we 're absorbed in other aspects of life .
My 23 - year - old child , the Free Software Movement , occupies most of my life , leaving no room for more children , but I still have room to love a sweetheart if she does n't need to spend time with me every day .
I spend a lot of my time traveling to give speeches , often to Europe , Asia and Latin America ; it would be nice if you were free to travel with me some of the time .
Reply and we 'll see where it leads .
We ’ve all seen examples of fat - laden , high - calorie foods .
But now a popular new nutrition book has picked the worst of the bunch .
The book , “ Eat This , Not That ! ” by Men ’s Health editor - in - chief David Zinczenko , has become one of the hottest selling nutrition guides in book stores .
The diminutive volume is filled with pictures of what not to eat and photos of better substitutes .
It compares food choices at favorite restaurants , supermarkets and holiday items .
The comparisons are always interesting and often surprising .
Who knew a Starbucks Black Forest Ham , Egg and Cheddar Breakfast Sandwich is a better choice than the chain ’s Bran Muffin with Nuts ?
Chances are you wo n’t agree with every item .
For instance , in a comparison of choices for a child ’s Easter basket , I ca n’t figure out why Jelly Belly Jelly Beans , with 150 calories , are an “ eat this , ” while Marshmallow Peeps , with 140 calories , are a “ not that . ”
The book includes a clever ranking of the country ’s 20 worst foods in various categories .
Here are some of them :
Rudy just can't quit the bad boys , can he ?
NY Times ( reg. req 'd )
In a recent letter to donors , Robert B. Asher , a prominent Pennsylvania Republican and prolific fund - raiser , wrote , " I am proud to say that I have agreed to be the state political chairman for Mayor Rudy Giuliani . "
But Mr. Asher has another claim to fame :
He was convicted in a famous corruption case two decades ago , at the same time Mr. Giuliani was making his reputation as a corruption - busting prosecutor .
Asked about Mr. Asher 's involvement , a spokeswoman for the Giuliani campaign , Maria Comella , said last night , " We have not made any announcement at this point in time " regarding leadership in Pennsylvania .
Mr. Asher , a Republican national committeeman who has worked on several major statewide campaigns , was convicted in 1986 of bribery - related charges as part of a scheme to award a no - bid contract to a company in exchange for promises of $ 300,000 in payoffs and political contributions .
The case became nationally known when his co-defendant , R. Budd Dwyer , the Pennsylvania state treasurer , called a news conference and shot himself to death in front of television cameras and dozens of spectators .
Mr. Asher , who was the state Republican committee chairman when the questionable contract was awarded , was fined and sentenced to a year in prison in the case .
New research from Vanderbilt University shows for the first time that the brain processes aggression as a reward — much like sex , food and drugs — offering insights into our propensity to fight and our fascination with violent sports like boxing and football .
The research was published online the week of Jan. 14 by the journal Psychopharmacology .
" Aggression occurs among virtually all vertebrates and is necessary to get and keep important resources such as mates , territory and food , " Craig Kennedy , professor of special education and pediatrics , said .
" We have found that the ' reward pathway ' in the brain becomes engaged in response to an aggressive event and that dopamine is involved . "
" It is well known that dopamine is produced in response to rewarding stimuli such as food , sex and drugs of abuse , " Maria Couppis , who conducted the study as her doctoral thesis at Vanderbilt , said .
" What we have now found is that it also serves as positive reinforcement for aggression . "
For the experiments , a pair of mice — one male , one female — was kept in one cage and five " intruder " mice were kept in a separate cage .
The female mouse was temporarily removed , and an intruder mouse was introduced in its place , triggering an aggressive response by the ' home ' male mouse .
Aggressive behavior included tail rattle , an aggressive sideways stance , boxing and biting .
The home mouse was then trained to poke a target with its nose to get the intruder to return , at which point it again behaved aggressively toward it .
The home mouse consistently poked the trigger , which was presented once a day , indicating it experienced the aggressive encounter with the intruder as a reward .
The same " home " mice were then treated with a drug that suppressed their dopamine receptors .
After this treatment , they decreased the frequency with which they instigated the intruder 's entry .
In a separate experiment , the mice were treated with the dopamine receptor suppressors again and their movements in an open cage were observed .
They showed no significant changes in overall movement compared to times when they had not received the drugs .
This was done to demonstrate that their decreased aggression in the previous experiment was not caused by overall lethargy in response to the drug , a problem that had confounded previous experiments .
The Vanderbilt experiments are the first to demonstrate a link between behavior and the activity of dopamine receptors in response to an aggressive event .
" We learned from these experiments that an individual will intentionally seek out an aggressive encounter solely because they experience a rewarding sensation from it , " Kennedy said .
" This shows for the first time that aggression , on its own , is motivating , and that the well - known positive reinforcer dopamine plays a critical role . "
Kennedy is chair of Vanderbilt 's Peabody College of education and human development 's special education department , which is consistently ranked as the top special education program in the nation .
He is also director of the Vanderbilt Kennedy Center for Research of Human Development 's Behavior Analysis Clinic .
Couppis conducted her research in affiliation with the Vanderbilt Brain Institute .
She is also affiliated with the Vanderbilt Kennedy Center for Research on Human Development and the Vanderbilt Center for Integrative and Cognitive Neuroscience .
Source : By Melanie Moran , Vanderbilt University
Explore further Aggression as rewarding as sex , food and drugs
YOU can usually tell which way the wind is blowing in Vernon .
One smell emanates from Farmer John's , a large slaughterhouse and meat - packing plant .
Another more acrid one comes from Baker Commodities , where cooking fat and animal carcasses are rendered .
Such enterprises seem increasingly out of place just across Interstate 10 from downtown Los Angeles , with its ever - multiplying luxury flats .
But Jim Andreoli , who runs the rendering plant , has no plans to move .
“ There is nowhere else for us to go , ” he says .
For the past 102 years Vernon has fought what its administrator , Eric Plesch , wryly calls a “ losing battle ” for industry in the old - fashioned sense of the word .
Just five square miles ( 13 square kilometres ) in size , the city is packed with metal - stampers , plastic - moulders and sausage factories .
Some 45,000 people commute there every day , many from south - central Los Angeles .
Plans are afoot to add a server farm and a bleach factory .
Local officials are delighted with the two new prospects for the same reason that most cities would frown on them : they will use enormous amounts of electricity .
Vernon is part of a patchwork of small cities in the metropolis that remain independent because Los Angeles lacks the power to swallow them .
Three others are also dedicated to industry , though not with the same single - mindedness .
Far from fighting a losing battle , they are a large part of the reason southern California has remained a centre of industry .
Despite its glitzy image , metropolitan Los Angeles sustains more manufacturing jobs than the entire state of Michigan .
One reason industry holds on is that doing business in Vernon is cheap .
Larry Kosmont , an independent analyst , reckons most heavy industry would be better off there than elsewhere in Los Angeles , or even in Houston or Las Vegas .
Taxes are low , and would be much lower were it not for the state .
Vernon has its own gas - fired power station and sells electricity for about 20 % less than elsewhere in the area .
Power is a big source of profits , which is why the city is keen to lure energy - hungry firms .
It wants to start building a big new power station later this year .
What most strikes business owners is the efficiency of the place .
Ben Swett of Windowbox.com , a gardening - supply company , says Vernon 's bureaucrats spend just days , or even hours , on a permit application that would take months in the city of Los Angeles .
Vernon 's health and fire inspectors , though finicky , are a small team , which means businesses routinely deal with the same people .
The police force keeps crime , and thus insurance rates , to a minimum .
Brett Willberg , who runs an ice factory , says he has never bothered to fix the electric gate in front of his operation , which does not close .
Vernon caters so diligently to the needs of businesses because it does not have to balance their demands with those of residents .
Only about 90 people live in Vernon , many of them cops and fire - fighters .
Most rent their homes from the city for a pittance — a one - bedroom flat costs $ 147 per month .
They are the city 's electorate and , in theory , the pool from which mayors and local politicians are drawn .
It does not sound like a recipe for a functioning democracy , because it is n't .
The mayor has held power for 34 years .
Contested elections are almost unknown .
The last was in 2006 , when three outsiders moved into a house just before the deadline and petitioned to stand for city offices .
Their electricity was abruptly cut off and their home declared unfit for habitation .
The outsiders got ten votes out of 68 cast .
That was a surprise : they had expected just eight .
Bill Schneider of the Chamber of Commerce says the shenanigans during the election worried him — because of the risk that another regime might take over .
“ What outsiders miss is that the damn place works well , ” says Lonnie Kane , who runs a clothing firm with his wife , Karen .
Most of Vernon 's companies find it useful to be so close to the centre of Los Angeles .
The rendering plants pick up cooking fat from local fast - food joints and meat from supermarkets .
Mr Willberg keeps costs down by being close to the delis and liquor shops that are big users of ice .
Eric Bender , who is about to submit plans for the server farm , will not have to lay much fibre - optic cable .
Mr Kane 's clothing firm needs to be near designers .
Many cities used to have places like Vernon .
Think of Manchester 's warehouses or Manhattan 's meat - packing district , now converted into clubs and trendy lofts .
This is a shame .
Smelly , noisy businesses sustain a wider range of jobs than the cafés and cultural centres that most cities try so hard to lure .
And all the businesses that exist in Vernon have to exist somewhere .
None of which , admittedly , is much comfort when the wind changes .
But the state has not dropped prosecution .
It sent Pletz a complaint in April and an amended complaint in December .
The complaint says she could be fined $ 1,000 for each violation of the state law .
The April complaint noted 10,000 sales .
Pletz and her attorney , Joseph V. Sebelin Jr. of Palmerton , did the math - $ 10 million in possible fines .
The second complaint does not list a number .
Via Newsweek :
In his 30 - plus - year legal career in Harris County , Texas , Chuck Rosenthal has been no stranger to controversy .
As a prosecutor he lit firecrackers in the stairwell of the district attorney 's offices soon after the 1995 Oklahoma City bombings .
( It was a prank , he said . )
After he was elected DA in 2000 he called the death penalty a " biblical proposition " and lobbied unsuccessfully to maintain Texas 's sodomy law ...
Rosenthal is back in the headlines again .
Last December , as part of a federal civil rights lawsuit into how justice is meted out in the county , he turned over the ( partial ) contents of his government e-mail account .
And what a batch of e-mails it was .
Black ministers called for the Republican to resign because of racist material , including a cartoon depicting an African - American suffering from a " fatal overdose " of watermelon and fried chicken .
There were adult video clips and love notes from Rosenthal to his secretary , his mistress during a previous marriage .
Now it appears that Rosenthal 's on - the - job antics have done him in .
In the wake of the e-mail revelations , local GOP leaders forced him to abort his re-election bid .
Then , on Feb. 15 , after Lloyd Kelley , the attorney in the civil rights case , brought a lawsuit accusing him of drinking on the job and " incompetence , or official misconduct , " Rosenthal resigned .
Read on ...
Ed Glaeser says John Kenneth Galbraith's " ' The Affluent Society ' seems relevant once more " :
The Age of Abundance , by Edwatd Glaeser , Commentary , NY Sun : Fifty years ago , John Kenneth Galbraith 's " The Affluent Society " soared to the top of the best - seller list .
... Much of " The Affluent Society " is rooted in the 1950s , but the book 's central question remains central today :
Should a rich society embrace free - market capitalism and private wealth , or should that society use its wealth for more public purposes like fighting poverty and improving infrastructure ?
" The Affluent Society " reflects both the economy and the culture of 1958 .
The book 's main observation was that America has become unbelievably prosperous .
...
Galbraith beautifully captured that moment in the late 1950s when rising prosperity freed the median American from having real fears about basic necessities .
...
But while " The Affluent Society " reflects American society in the 1950s , it was quite detached from postwar trends in economics , which is why Galbraith has rarely been embraced by economists .
In the 1940s , cutting - edge economists turned to mathematical models and statistics .
Galbraith did not .
... " The Affluent Society " is better seen as eloquent moral suasion rather than expert economic analysis .
Galbraith sees two possible paths for an affluent America , and he strongly favors one of them .
" The Affluent Society " argues that America can put its faith in free enterprise , which might create more and more stuff , or it can follow the more morally uplifting path of trying to reduce poverty and improve the quality of life with the help of a more robust public sector .
..
Galbraith attacks the relentless pursuit of output , which , as he sees it , only satisfies unnecessary desires ginned up by clever advertisers .
Galbraith 's advocacy of public spending aimed at reducing inequality and improving infrastructure helped usher in the 1960s .
Lyndon Johnson 's war on poverty was decidedly Galbraithian .
While the New Deal social programs were born of economic desperation , Johnson 's social spending reflected the confidence of prosperity , just as Galbraith had foreseen .
But after 1969 , the American public gradually turned against Galbraithian social policy .
By 1980 , Galbraith 's arch - nemesis , Milton Friedman , had found an intellectual home in the White House .
In the 1990s , even Democrats embraced private wealth over public spending .
But in 2008 , " The Affluent Society " seems relevant once more .
As the political pendulum swings left , candidates once again call for a more vibrant state to right social wrongs .
The excesses of the 1960s are forgotten and once again , the government is seen as society 's savior .
For people of all political stripes , it is worthwhile returning to " The Affluent Society , " and pondering what Galbraith got right and what he got wrong .
While I am a staunch supporter of free markets , I agree with Galbraith that there is much the public sector needs to do .
Private firms do not automatically provide safe streets , good roads , and clean water .
Even more important , Galbraith was dead right in arguing that we need more effective schools .
Human capital is our best tool against poverty and economic stagnation .
Galbraith 's great failure was that he never really understood how much society is strengthened by a free and competitive private sector .
" The Affluent Society " argues that a lack of regulation made American homes inferior to those in European social democracies .
That view was wrong in 1958 and is completely untenable today .
American housing is the best in the world , and the weaknesses of the housing market reflect too much , not too little , regulation , especially those rules that stymie construction and make housing unaffordable .
While Galbraith was right that some social problems do need a stronger public sector , his analysis would read better today if he had also appreciated the tremendous vitality that comes with economic freedom .
Obviously , I disagree that the problems we are seeing in the housing market were caused by too much rather than too little regulation .
Glaeser 's not the only one making this claim :
Regulatory Overkill , by Allan Meltzer , Commentary , WSJ :
The claim that deregulation went too far is coming from many sides .
We need more regulation , the argument goes , and even a single regulator to bring stability .
...
Their diagnosis is wrong .
Mistaken regulation contributed greatly to the current problems in financial markets .
Take the 1970s Basel agreement between developed country governments , which followed bank failures in Germany and the U.S.
The idea was to have equivalent risk standards in all the principal lending countries .
The agreement required banks to increase their capital if they increased mortgage loans and other risky assets .
The banks responded , however , by developing instruments that avoided higher reserves by moving risky loans off their balance sheets .
Risk moved to all corners of the global marketplace .
We find out who holds the risky assets when they announce they are about to fail .
The response to the Basel regulation is not unique .
The first principle of regulation is : Lawyers and politicians write rules ; and markets develop ways to circumvent these rules without violating them .
...
The perennial argument of regulators is : " If only I had more power . . . "
Not so .
Regulators did not see the chicanery at Enron .
Nor did they prevent the dot - com bubble or the Latin American debt problems in the 1980s .
A main reason is " capture " -- when the interests of the regulated dominate the interests of the public .
Capture is not the only reason regulation often fails .
Regulators and most politicians are good at developing rules and restrictions , but poor at thinking about the incentives that the market will face .
If the incentives are strong , the market circumvents the regulation .
The Basel regulation encouraged a system that is far less transparent than the system it replaced .
... Mr. Frank and Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd are planning more schemes to move the risk to the taxpayers from those who made bad decisions , such as buying mortgages that are now in default .
As a result , ordinary citizens will ask themselves :
Why should I pay my mortgage if my neighbors can get theirs reduced ?
These proposals have stark long - term consequences .
The financial system cannot survive if the bankers make the profits and the taxpayers take the losses .
The government has a responsibility to prevent systemic crises and financial collapse .
Long ago that job was given to the Federal Reserve .
It serves as lender of last resort to the market .
Today , the Fed should not rescue individual firms , but it must keep the payments system from failing .
To carry out that responsibility , the Fed has auctioned reserves and exchanged marketable Treasury bills for illiquid mortgages , and it has succeeded so far .
Now , it must stop responding to calls for lower interest rates .
If the government underwrites all the risks , call it socialism .
If it underwrites only the failures , call it foolishness .
Other than citing Basel as a general example , and I 'd argue that even though Basel was not perfect it was much better than having no regulation at all , Meltzer does n't actually say how too much regulation brought about this particular crisis .
His arguments are about the problems he sees with regulation more generally , but there are no specific details about how over regulation may have caused our current difficulties .
If the regulations under Basel caused banks to move assets off the books , then without regulation they would n't have needed to move them , but the assets still could have been used in the same way , financial institutions could have taken the same risks and would have had the same or more incentive to do so without regulatory oversight , and they could have caused the same troubles .
I do n't see how the regulations themselves caused the risk taking .
Regulation caused evasion of regulation , and Basel II is trying to deal with that problem , but the regulations did not cause the risk - taking itself .
I think Meltzer would likely argue that the regulations caused complicated financial instruments to be created that had risk properties that were difficult to assess - without regulation money would have stayed in the regulated sector where the risks would have been more transparent .
But that seems to me to be an argument for regulation that forces transparency ( as in the regulated sector ) , not an argument against regulation .
Glaeser 's argument that our economic troubles are due to regulations that interfere with housing construction does n't seem to me to be able to explain what is happening either , and he does n't explain the connection in any detail , so basically we have two people asserting our current troubles were caused by too much regulation , but no concrete story about how that occurred .
If they had one , I 'm sure they 'd tell it .
Update :
Here 's a bit more on Basel from Mishkin 's monetary theory and policy text ( this was written before the current crisis hit , note that regulators were already worried about banks ' off - balance - sheet activities and Basel was an attempt to reduce risk their exposure ) :
While anti-smoking drug Chantix can provide soothing feelings , its use has elicited suicidal thoughts in some people .
Courtesy Rob Lee / Flickr
Two drugs that act on nicotine receptors are now being tested as antidepressants – offering hope to the millions of people who do n't respond to traditional antidepressants .
Chantix , a pill that can help people quit smoking , and Inversine , a hypertension drug , appear to exert a soothing effect by blocking nicotine receptors in the brain .
There 's just one catch : Chantix may also exacerbate suicidal tendencies .
Chantix came on the market in 2006 and has recently been blamed for causing suicidal thoughts , prompting the FDA to issue not one , but two , advisories about the drug .
That came after friends and family of Dallas musician Carter Albrecht blamed Chantix for the erratic behavior that led to his violent death .
Quite a few smokers described worrisome emotional side effects on blogs and in the pages of New York Magazine .
But after Brown psychiatry resident Noah Philip gave one of his chronically downcast patients a prescription for Chantix to help break her smoking habit , he got an unexpected surprise .
During their first follow - up appointment , she was smiling and felt great .
When he learned that his colleagues had similar experiences , the young doctor knew that he was on to something .
To follow up on his revelation , Philip and his mentor Lawrence Price are conducting a study to test the mood - elevating effects of the medication .
At Butler Hospital in Providence , Rhode Island they are giving depressed smokers Chantix in addition to their regular psychiatric medications .
Over the course of eight weeks , Philip and Price will monitor the volunteers and pay close attention to their ability to enjoy life as well as unwanted side effects .
" At this point we have n't had any adverse events similar to those reported , but several people have become irritable , " says Philip .
A 2006 study published in the New England Journal of Medicine revealed that half of all patients do not respond to conventional antidepressants , so new strategies to fight the disease are desperately needed .
Created by a team at Pfizer , Chantix can suck the pleasure out of smoking by blocking nicotinic acetylcholine receptors – neurological buttons that are usually pushed by tobacco products .
Lightly stimulating those same proteins , the medication also creates a sensation similar to but weaker than the one created by tobacco products , which can cut down on withdrawal symptoms .
One thing is certain :
The drug does not have an antidepressant effect for everyone .
Since it may elevate the mood of some and causes intense feelings of sadness in others , a lab test that could predict how patients will respond to the pill would be invaluable .
But until scientists understand the subtle biological variations that cause some people to feel miserable and others to have the opposite experience , that sort of personalized medicine will remain in the realm of science fiction .
" It would be very interesting to study what might be different about the patients who are reporting that they feel less depressed on Chantix , " says Marina Picciotto , a professor of psychiatry at Yale University who studies nicotinic acetylcholine receptors .
" It will also be interesting to see whether there is any difference in antidepressant response to Chantix between smokers and nonsmokers . "
Scientists are confident that the simple act of kicking a nicotine addiction is not the underlying cause of the amazing mood improvements .
" Quitting smoking does not seem to help depression , " says Tony George , a professor at the University of Toronto .
" There is no evidence that nicotine or smoking causes depression .
They seem to be behaviors that have common genetic roots . "
George has tested the antidepressant - assisting effects of the blood pressure drug Inversine ( mecamylamine ) , which blocks nicotinic receptors , but does not gently stimulate them like Chantix .
Aside from saying that the combination seems to work on people who are unresponsive to traditional antidepressants alone , the addiction expert is not comfortable sharing his results until they are published .
George points out that studies have not confirmed the antidepressant qualities of Chantix , although he is cautiously optimistic .
" I think there is lots of evidence to speculate that such a mechanism might be therapeutic in depression , at least as an adjunct to standard antidepressant treatments , " George says .
Wired Science : Is the Smoking Cessation Drug Chantix an Antidepressant or a Source of Suicidal Thoughts ?
Wired Science : Too Soon to Link Antidepressant Drop With Teen Suicide Increase
Privacy Policy
This Privacy Policy ( the “ Policy ” ) has been set up by Payday Loans No Debit Card ( the “ Organization ” ) to meet the prerequisites of the UK’s Data Protection Act 1998 , ( the “ Demonstration ” ) and it just identifies with the assortment , insurance , divulgence and utilization of individual information having a place with living people .
The Policy is appropriate to all sites possessed and worked by the Company , and does n’t identify with information which exudes from organizations or different substances , in spite of the fact that the overall standards in regards to our assortment and utilization of information is extensively the equivalent independent of whoever is the client of our site , or our clients .
This Policy , along with our Website Terms and Conditions , sets out the premise on which any close to home information we gather from you , or that you give to us , will be handled by us .
If you do n’t mind read the accompanying cautiously to comprehend our perspectives and works on with respect to your own information .
Data we may gather from you .
We may gather and procedure the accompanying information about you :
Data that you may give by filling in online structures and enlistment structures ( counting enrolling for items , administrations or pamphlets ) on the Sites .
This incorporates data gave when you complete an online Application Form on our Sites , or solicitation further administrations .
We may likewise approach you for data in the occasion you report an issue with our Sites ;
Correspondence or a record of it in the event that you should get in touch with us , along with your contact subtleties and our reactions .
Studies that we use for research purposes , which we have requested that you complete , despite the fact that you do n’t need to react to them .
The Anti-Empire Report
How could they have known ?
It was n’t on Oprah or Fox News
Hillary Clinton and many other members of Congress claim that their support of the invasion of Iraq was based on faulty intelligence reports .
How could they dispute the research and analysis of all those experts , so well trained and experienced in their fields ?
Well , apart from the fact that American intelligence agencies and their reports were by no means of one opinion ( one well - publicized CIA paper , for example , predicted all manner of devastating consequences which could result from an invasion and occupation ) …
Apart from the fact that there were several public statements , including some on American TV , from Saddam Hussein ’s deputy prime minister , and other statements made by Iraqi scientists to American media and to American intelligence that Iraq no longer had any weapons of mass destruction …
Apart from the fact that UN nuclear inspectors had determined before the war that Iraq did not have a nuclear weapons program …
Apart from the fact that Colin Powell , speaking in February 2001 of US sanctions on Iraq , said : “ And frankly they have worked .
He [ Saddam Hussein ] has not developed any significant capability with respect to weapons of mass destruction .
He is unable to project conventional power against his neighbors . ”
Apart from all that , this question must be asked :
What did the millions of Americans who marched against the war before it began know that all those members of Congress did n’t know ?
At a minimum , they knew that nothing the Bush administration had told them came anywhere close to justifying dropping bombs on the innocent people of Iraq .
They also knew that nothing the Bush administration had told them could be trusted .
All it took to reach this advanced stage of awareness was not being born yesterday .
As I ’ve written before , the same phenomenon attended the Vietnam War .
The anti-Vietnam War movement burst out of the starting gate back in August 1964 , with hundreds of people demonstrating in New York .
Many of these early dissenters took apart and critically examined the administration ’s statements about the war ’s origin , its current situation , and its rosy picture of the future .
They found continuous omission , contradiction , and duplicity , became quickly and wholly cynical , and called for immediate and unconditional withdrawal .
This was a state of intellect and principle it took members of Congress and the media — and then only a small minority — until the 1970s to reach .
And even then — even today — our political and media elite viewed Vietnam only as a “ mistake ” ; i.e. , it was “ the wrong way ” to fight communism , not that the United States should not be traveling all over the globe to spew violence against anything labeled “ communism ” in the first place .
Essentially , the only thing these “ best and brightest ” have learned from Vietnam is that we should not have fought in Vietnam .
And I ’m afraid that the present generation of “ leaders ” will learn very little more than that we should n’t have invaded Iraq .
A Mecca of hypocrisy , a Vatican of double standards
On February 21 , following a demonstration against the United States role in Kosovo ’s declaration of independence , rioters in the Serbian capital of Belgrade broke into the US Embassy and set fire to an office .
The attack was called “ intolerable ” by Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice , and the American Ambassador to the United Nations , Zalmay Khalilzad , said he would ask the UN Security Council to issue a unanimous statement “ expressing the council ’s outrage , condemning the attack , and also reminding the Serb government of its responsibility to protect diplomatic facilities . ”
This is , of course , standard language for such situations .
But what the media and American officials do n’t remind us is that in May 1999 , during the US / NATO bombing of Serbia , then part of Yugoslavia , the Chinese Embassy in Belgrade was hit by a US missile , causing considerable damage and killing three embassy employees .
The official Washington story on this — then , and still now — is that it was a mistake .
But this is almost certainly a lie .
According to a joint investigation of The Observer of London and the Politiken newspaper in Denmark , the embassy was bombed because it was being used to transmit electronic communications for the Yugoslav army after the army ’s regular system was made inoperable by the bombing .
The Observer was told that the embassy bombing was deliberate by “ senior military and intelligence sources in Europe and the US ” as well as being “ confirmed in detail by three other Nato officers — a flight controller operating in Naples , an intelligence officer monitoring Yugoslav radio traffic from Macedonia and a senior [ NATO ] headquarters officer in Brussels . ”
Moreover , the New York Times reported at the time that the bombing had destroyed the embassy ’s intelligence - gathering nerve center , and two of the three Chinese killed were intelligence officers .
“ The highly sensitive nature of the parts of the embassy that were bombed suggests why the Chinese … insist the bombing was no accident . …
‘ That ’s exactly why they do n’t buy our explanation ’ , ” said a Pentagon official .
There were as well several other good reasons not to buy the story .
In April 1986 , after the French government refused the use of its air space to US warplanes headed for a bombing raid on Libya , the planes were forced to take another , longer route .
When they reached Libya they bombed so close to the French embassy that the building was damaged and all communication links knocked out .
And in April 2003 , the US Ambassador to Russia was summoned to the Russian Foreign Ministry due to the fact that the residential quarter of Baghdad where the Russian embassy was located was bombed several times by the United States during its invasion of Iraq .
There had been reports that Saddam Hussein was hiding in the embassy .
So , we can perhaps chalk up the State Department ’s affirmations about the inviolability of embassies as yet another example of US foreign policy hypocrisy .
But I think that there is some satisfaction in that American foreign policy officials , as morally damaged as they must be , are not all so stupid that they do n’t know they ’re swimming in a sea of hypocrisy .
The Los Angeles Times reported in 2004 that “ The State Department plans to delay the release of a human rights report that was due out today , partly because of sensitivities over the prison abuse scandal in Iraq , U.S. officials said .
One official … said the release of the report , which describes actions taken by the U.S. government to encourage respect for human rights by other nations , could ‘ make us look hypocritical ’ . ”
And last year the Washington Post informed us that Chester Crocker , former Assistant Secretary of State and current member of the State Department ’s Advisory Committee on Democracy Promotion , noted that “ we have to be able to cope with the argument that the U.S. is inconsistent and hypocritical in its promotion of democracy around the world .
That may be true . ”
Like pornography , torture does n’t require a definition .
You know it when you see it .
Or feel it .
With all the media coverage of “ waterboarding ” and all the congressional questioning of government officials about their views on the subject , I imagine that by now many people think that waterboarding must be the worst kind of torture that the United States has engaged in , and that if waterboarding is in fact not torture then the idiot king is correct when he says : “ We do n’t torture . ”
This is the way myths are born , so let ’s try and squash this particular one while it ’s still young .
Here in capsule form is a sample of some of the acts carried out in recent years by American military forces , their contract employees , and the CIA against detainees in one or another edifice of the sprawling global prison complex maintained by the United States in occupied Iraq , occupied Afghanistan , occupied Cuba , and various other secret prisons occupied by the CIA around the world .
It may be torture to read but the point needs to be made .
Lest we forget .
Standing or kneeling or forced into contorted , painful positions for many hours … in leg shackles and handcuffs with eyes , ears and mouth covered , exposed to extremes of heat or cold … stripped naked , led around with a dog leash … deprived of sleep , kicked to keep them awake for days on end , subjecting them to a 24 - hour bombardment of bright lights or blaring noise … guards staging races of detainees in short leg shackles , violently punishing them if they fall … withholding painkillers and other medications from the injured … sensory deprivation , with all human contact cut off … made to lie naked on a sheet of ice … fake blood smeared on Muslim men when they are about to pray , telling them that it ’s menstrual blood .
The Iraqi general “ was put headfirst into a sleeping bag , wrapped with electrical cord and knocked down before the soldiers sat and stood on him .
The cause of death was determined to be suffocation . ”
Chained to the ceiling , shackled so tightly that the blood flow stops … shackled to the floor in fetal positions for more than 24 hours at a time , left without food and water , and allowed to defecate on themselves ; a detainee found with a pile of hair next to him ; he had apparently been literally pulling his own hair out throughout the night … wrapping a prisoner in an Israeli flag … use of unmuzzled , growling dogs to frighten , in at least one instance actually biting and severely injuring a detainee … burn marks on their backs … detainee left at an Iraqi hospital , comatose , with massive head trauma , burns on the bottoms of his feet caused by electrocution , bruises on his arms … more than a hundred detainees have died during interrogations …
The death of two captives in Afghanistan : one from “ blunt force injuries to lower extremities complicating coronary artery disease ” ; an autopsy showed that his legs were so damaged that amputation would have been necessary ; the other captive suffered from a blood clot in the lung that was exacerbated by a “ blunt force injury ” …
Kicks to the groin and legs , shoving or slamming detainees into walls and tables , forcing water in their mouths until they could not breathe …
He had his hands handcuffed behind him and was suspended by his wrists —
“ His arms were so badly stretched I was surprised they did n’t pop out of their sockets . ” … forced to masturbate while being photographed and videotaped … seven naked Iraqis piled on top of each other in a pyramid … detainee punched in the chest so hard he almost went into cardiac arrest … forcing naked male detainees to wear women ’s underwear .
The report by General Taguba found that between October and December of 2003 there were numerous instances of “ sadistic , blatant , and wanton criminal abuses ” at Abu Ghraib prison in Iraq , including breaking chemical lights and pouring the phosphoric liquid on detainees , threatening male detainees with rape , sodomizing a detainee with a chemical light and perhaps a broom stick , raping female prisoners …
Eighteen days naked and alone in a cell , often with his hands and feet bound together , frequently beaten …
“ He locked his arm under mine and holding the back of my head he beat my head against the doors of the cells ” … his hands and feet were pushed through the metal bars of the cell door and then tied together .
Six weeks after his release , he says he has lost the will to live .
He is too ashamed to be seen by his friends and family and has not seen or spoken to his fiancée .
The wedding is off .
“ I was a man before , but my manhood was taken away .
Since this happened to me , I consider myself dead .
My life feels over . ”
Iraqi prisoners were forced to crawl through broken glass and wear women ’s sanitary products … two drunken interrogators took a female Iraqi prisoner from her cell in the middle of the night and stripped her naked to the waist … an Iraqi woman in her 70s was harnessed and ridden like a donkey … detainees were pressed to denounce Islam , or force - fed pork and liquor …
Jamadi died an hour after his arrival at Abu Ghraib in early November 2003 ; he had been beaten while in CIA custody and then hung by his wrists , with his arms crossed across his back .
US
Army guards at the prison then packed his body in ice and posed with the corpse in mocking photographs .
“ They forced us to walk like dogs on our hands and knees … and we had to bark like a dog , and if we did n’t do that they started hitting us hard on our face and chest with no mercy . ” …
“ Do you believe in anything ? ” the soldier asked .
“ I said to him , ‘ I believe in Allah . ’
So he said , ‘ But I believe in torture and I will torture you ’ . ”
Taken out and tied to a post , rubber bullets were fired at them ; made to kneel in the sun until they collapsed …
“ They tied my hands to my feet behind my back .
My left hand to my right foot and my right hand to my left foot .
I was lying face down and they were beating me like this ” … inmates kept in wire cages with concrete floors and no protection from the elements .
“ They actually said : ‘ You have no rights here ’ .
After a while , we stopped asking for human rights — we wanted animal rights ” … crosses shaved into their scalp or body hair … dislocated his arms , beat his leg with a bat , crushed his nose , and put an unloaded gun in his mouth and pulled the trigger …
Six Kuwaiti prisoners said they were severely beaten , given electric shocks and sodomized by US forces in Afghanistan …
The Afghan detainee had been captured in Pakistan along with a group of other Afghans .
His connection to al Qaeda or the value of his intelligence was never established before he died .
“ He was probably associated with people who were associated with al Qaeda , ” one US government official said .
… numerous suicide attempts …
And here ’s George W. in 2004 : “ The world is better off without Saddam Hussein in power .
The world is better off because he sits in a prison cell .
Because we acted , torture rooms are closed , rape rooms no longer exist . ”
Brian Whitman , spokesman for the US Department of Defense , 2005 : “ The United States treats all detainees in their custody with dignity and respect . ”
It should be noted that the CIA has been treating ( real and alleged ) opponents of American imperialism with similar dignity and respect ever since the Agency ’s founding .
Police and prisons within the United States have been torturing for even longer .
Now for the good news :
The Bush administration , trying to shore up support for its military - trial procedures , has cabled US embassies with instructions that evidence obtained through torture will not be allowed .
But evidence obtained through treatment considered “ cruel , inhuman , and degrading ” is to be allowed .
George Bernard
Shaw used three concepts to describe the positions of individuals in Nazi Germany : intelligence , decency , and Naziism .
He argued that if a person was intelligent , and a Nazi , he was not decent .
If he was decent and a Nazi , he was not intelligent .
And if he was decent and intelligent , he was not a Nazi .
I suggest the reader make the obvious substitution : “ Bush supporter ” in place of “ Nazi ” .
That oh - so - precious world where words have no meaning
In December , 1989 , two days after bombing and invading the defenseless people of Panama , killing as many as a few thousand , President George H.W.
Bush declared that his “ heart goes out to the families of those who have died in Panama ” .
When a reporter asked him : “ Was it really worth it to send people to their death for this ?
To get [ Panamanian leader Manuel ] Noriega ? ” , Bush replied : “ Every human life is precious , and yet I have to answer , yes , it has been worth it . ”
A year later , preparing for his next crime against humanity , the invasion of Iraq , Bush , Sr. said : “ People say to me : ‘ How many lives ?
How many lives can you expend ? ’
Each one is precious . ”
At the end of 2006 , with Bush ’s son now president , White House spokesman Scott Stanzel , commenting about American deaths reaching 3,000 in Iraq , said Bush “ believes that every life is precious and grieves for each one that is lost . ”
In February 2008 , with American deaths about to reach 4,000 , and Iraqi deaths as many as a million or more , George W. Bush asserted : “ When we lift our hearts to God , we ’re all equal in his sight .
We ’re all equally precious . …
In prayer we grow in mercy and compassion . …
When we answer God ’s call to love a neighbor as ourselves , we enter into a deeper friendship with our fellow man . ”
Inspired by such noble — dare I say precious — talk from their leaders , the American military machine likes to hire like - minded warriors .
Here is Erik Prince , founder of the military contractor Blackwater , whose employees in Iraq kill people like others flick away a mosquito , in testimony before Congress : “ Every life , whether American or Iraqi , is precious . ”
To people who do not play computer games shoot - em - ups such as Counter - Strike and Quake look very straightforward .
You log on , you shoot everything that moves with a frightening arsenal of weapons , you log off .
But studies of players and teams are showing that these games are much more complex than many people suspect .
They are revealing the deep community and complex culture surrounding the games , as well as some of the reasons why people find them appealing .
Group shot
Since Counter - Strike was released in March 1999 , the online modification , or mod , for the Half - Life computer game has been a huge hit .
Its simple premise pits terrorists against counter - terrorists and has become the most popular online multiplayer shoot - em - up .
But this uncomplicated premise masks a complex culture that social scientists are uncovering .
Professor Talmadge Wright and colleagues at Loyola University , Chicago , have spent hours studying Counter - Strike culture by taking part in games , interviewing players and reviewing text files of in - game banter .
Prof Wright said that the research shows that Counter - Strike is about much more than grim gunplay and racking up kills .
The strategy and tactics used by many regular players and teams , or clans , often makes it seem like a game of chess , he said .
The importance of the social side of Counter - Strike was revealed in the constant banter , in - jokes and insults that people exchanged during play , said Prof Wright .
To outsiders this game talk can be impenetrable and lead people to misinterpret what is going on .
Players tended to bring their offline culture with them when they play , said Prof Wright .
It was often obvious when teenage boys were playing , he said , because there was much more trashtalk and sexist or homophobic insults flying around .
But , said Prof Wright , it was a mistake to think that this meant that gamers were misanthropists .
" The most common emotion when people are playing is laughter , " said Prof Wright .
The only reason that people can get away with insulting friends and foes was because they knew them so well , he said .
Collective play
Games such as Counter - Strike that rely on trust and co-operation give rise to strong communities and good friendships , said Prof Wright .
It gives people an option of actively participating in some kind of fantasy role they could not do in real life
It gives people an option of actively participating in some kind of fantasy role they could not do in real life
Professor Talmadge Wright , Loyola University
As a result players prefer to game with people they know rather than strangers and they tend to tone down the bad language when those they do not know well are present .
As well as good tactics , players also like moves and tricks that are particularly elegant , well executed or exploit the quirks of the game .
The names that people adopt for their online alter - egos show just how playfully regulars regard the game , said Prof Wright .
The licence that the game gives people to experiment is part of its huge attraction .
" It gives people an option of actively participating in some kind of fantasy role they could not do in real life that allows them to play with their own feelings , " said Prof Wright .
" It is an area that 's bricked off from everyday life that you can enter and leave at will , " he said .
" It offers you a way to play with things you may be scared of in a safe way where there are very few consequences . "
For this reason , and others , Prof Wright believes that gaming is undoubtedly good for players .
Before now , he said , many studies of game playing have been skewed by hidden agendas .
" There 's a cultural motif that underlies the critiques that go on around this , " he said , " the idea of mindless activity is given short shrift in culture where productivity is given the highest praise . "
What if fighting climate change was as easy as not setting your clock forward today ?
Always sold as a conservation measure , the practice of daylight savings actually jacked electricity use in homes across one central U.S. state by up to four per cent , according to a new American study .
" If you could actually get energy savings and decrease carbon dioxide emissions just by adjusting the clock , that 's certainly something we should at least consider , " says Matthew Kotchen , a University of California - Santa Barbara economics professor who , together with a graduate student , combed over almost 8 million residential meter readings across Indiana to quantify the change in electricity use over three years .
The state offered a perfect case study :
Up till 2006 , only a handful of its counties pushed their clocks around at all .
The vast majority , mostly rural farm communities where daily routines are still largely dictated by sunrise and not an electric clock , stuck stubbornly to standard time year - round .
Then , two years ago , the entire state standardized their clocks and joined the daylight savings movement .
That provided both a bulk of data and a control group .
The results ?
Instead of saving electricity and money by adding an extra hour of sunlight to evenings most of the year , it cost Indiana homes an extra $ 8.6 million in electricity bills – mostly from chugging air conditioners – each year .
And since 95 per cent of that extra energy was generated by coal - fired power plants , that meant much more atmosphere - warming carbon dioxide was spewed into the air .
Expanded nationally , those results would translate to at least two coal - fired electricity plants pumping power just to feed the daylight savings habit .
" In Indiana , I can tell you unambiguously now , there are social and environmental costs associated with daylight savings time because of the pollution emissions and carbon dioxide emissions contributing to climate change , " Kotchen says .
The irony is that daylight savings has always been promoted as an energy conservation measure ; theoretically , one extra hour of natural light in the evening would erase an hour of electrical light .
In 2005 , when the American Congress voted to extend daylight savings by four weeks , pushing the start date back three weeks to today , it was advertised as saving Americans the equivalent of 100,000 barrels of oil daily .
Ontario decided to follow suit for trade reasons .
" If we 're staking our national policy on conservation on daylight savings , we 're in big trouble , " says Jeff Deyette , an energy analyst with the Union of Concerned Scientists in the United States .
" This was one of the few victories of the energy bill of 2005 that otherwise was entirely focused on increasing supply . "
The American Congress has promised to review the extension of daylight savings after the U.S. Department of Energy does an audit of its effect .
Those findings should be presented by June , says department spokesperson Chris Kielich .
" If daylight saving time does n't save energy , it 's hard to find a cogent reason to continue the experiment , " says Ralph Cavanagh , energy program co-director of the Natural Resources Defense Council .
Since first conceived of by Benjamin Franklin more than two centuries ago , the principle behind daylight savings has always been to save on lighting bills .
But what the American inventor could n't envision in 1784 was the rise of the power - sucking central air conditioner .
In Indiana , people might not have been flipping on the lights when they returned home after work .
But they were cranking their air conditioners , because that extra hour of evening sunlight meant another hour of " solar build - up on your house , " says Kotchen .
" Take an hour at dawn versus an hour at sunset .
When do you think you 're going to run the air conditioner harder ? "
Kotchen is now studying the effect of daylight savings on the rest of the country .
He figures the air conditioning effect will be even more profound in southern states .
And in the north , there is the opposite problem : waking up an hour earlier in the spring and fall means more time roaming around a cold house , rather than dozing under a duvet .
It likely has a similar effect in Ontario , where hot , humid summers are not unlike Indiana 's , Kotchen says .
On a hot summer day in Ontario , air conditioning can account for a quarter of our total electricity demand .
( A preliminary examination of the extended daylight savings hours last fall showed a very marginal reduction in electricity use – about 0.1 per cent , says Terry Young , spokesperson for the Independent Electricity System Operator , which manages Ontario 's electrical system . )
Another way daylight savings might be fuelling our warming climate ?
Increased carbon dioxide fumes sputtering out of car tailpipes , says Michael Downing , author of Spring Forward : The Annual Madness of Daylight Saving Time .
Last March 's early spring forward coincided with increased gas prices at the pumps .
But the hikes had no effect on gas sales , a result dubbed by many analysts as the " daylight savings effect , " he says .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
" When you give people more light after work , they do go to the mall or ball park and they do n't walk there .
They get in their cars , " says Downing , adding that in the 1930s , the petroleum industry lobbied hard to reintroduce daylight savings .
The practice was first introduced , temporarily , in the United States during World War I , and then again during World War II .
In 1966 , it was reintroduced across most of the United States and Canada , beginning the last Sunday in April and ending six months later in late October .
Since then , it has been expanded twice .
While energy conservation has always been the window dressing , the true motivation was repeatedly economic , says Downing , who spent two years reading all the U.S. congressional and senate hearings on DST dating back to 1919 .
" The most persistent lobby on behalf of daylight savings has long been retailers and merchants .
If you give people more light when they leave work , they will stop and shop on their way home , " says Downing , a writing professor at Tufts University .
" There is a reason we continue to get daylight savings under the rubric of energy conservation because as a policy , it costs individual consumers nothing and asks them to conserve nothing .
So it 's wildly popular , " he says .
" Unfortunately , it 's entirely ineffective . "
Previous studies on daylight savings have had similar findings .
But most have been based on simulation models , not concrete data .
An exception was a study on the extension of daylight savings in two Australian territories for the 2000 Summer Olympic Games , which showed more electricity used .
But even that did n't dissuade the Australian government from introducing daylight savings to the western part of the country more than a year ago , says David Prerau , author of Seize the Daylight : The Curious and Contentious Story of Daylight Saving Time .
" Most people feel they are gaining an extra hour to do things in , " says Prerau , adding other benefits include decreased traffic accidents , a more active population and a boost to the economy .
" There 's a lot of benefits that generally outweigh the negatives .
Energy is just one of the impact areas . "
A broader study would be needed to convince even Ontario 's chief conservation officer , Peter Love , to include ending the practice in his campaigns to cut back Ontario 's electricity usage .
" Ontario , quite frankly , is not doing this for energy efficiency reasons , " Love says .
" We did it to be in sync with our major trading partner to the south , " he says .
" It 's not something I 'd want to do alone . "
People fear the disease will spread quickly
At least four people have died , and the government declared a state of emergency last week .
Health workers have given 160,000 vaccines in recent days , but officials say they need to administer many more .
Another health alert was declared in Paraguay last month amid a suspected outbreak of dengue fever .
Protests
Yellow fever is transmitted by infected mosquitoes and is generally confined to rural or jungle areas .
The last outbreak was in 1974 .
Walberto Pinanes , the director general of Vigilancia de Salud , a Paraguayan health agency , told the BBC that demand for the vaccine had exploded among fears that the outbreak was spreading .
In Luque , a suburb of the capital Asuncion and an area considered high - risk , hundreds of protesters tried to hammer down the door of a health centre , the Reuters news agency reported .
In Villa Elisa , another city close to Asuncion , residents blocked a highway and burned tires .
At least 13 people are thought to have died in an outbreak of the disease in neighbouring Brazil .
By Richard Black
Environment correspondent , BBC News website
Tropical forests are cleared for agriculture and for timber
Alan Grainger from the UK's University of Leeds examined UN analyses going back almost 30 years , and found that " evidence for a decline is unclear " .
Writing in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) , he proposes a global forest monitoring system .
The UN admits there are problems with the data , but says tropical forests are certainly in retreat .
Dr Grainger is not so sure .
" People have been assuming that forest cover is shrinking , " he told BBC News , " and certainly deforestation has been taking place on a large scale . "
We can no longer put off investing in an independent scientific monitoring programme
Alan Grainger
" Our analysis does not prove that tropical forest decline is not happening , merely that it is is difficult to demonstrate it convincingly using available tropical forest area data , " he writes in PNAS .
Revised estimates
The UN reports are produced by the Rome - based Food and Agriculture Organization ( FAO ) in its regular global Forest Resources Assessments ( FRAs ) .
Assembled principally using data from national forest authorities , the FRAs are widely regarded as the most accurate estimates available , which is why they are used by many researchers in the areas of forestry , land - use change and sustainability .
Parts of the Amazon are now used for cattle - ranching
Each of the individual reports showed a decline in tropical forest cover ; but across the four reports , he found no trend was discernible .
This is largely because each assessment revised earlier estimates of cover .
For example , in 1980 the FAO estimated natural tropical forests spanned 1,970 million hectares .
But the 1990 assessment used a revised figure for 1980 of 1,910 million hectares .
The FAO says it made these revisions because better data became available , and because each assessment used different criteria .
" What you 've got is a desire by the FAO for consistency inside each of its studies , " commented Dr Grainger , " but that 's come at the expense of consistency between studies . "
Resource drain
" I agree totally that there are tremendous difficulties in tracking long - term trends in the area of tropical forest , although we are witnessing some improvements , " responded Mette Loyche Wilkie , a senior forestry officer at FAO who co-ordinated the 2005 FRA .
" We know that very few countries in the world undertake regular assessments ; in the tropics , that 's primarily due to lack of resources , " she said .
" In Africa , for example , a number of countries undertook national inventories in the 1970s and 1980s , funded by external donors ; and very few have reported inventories since then ; donors , and the countries themselves , have had other priorities . "
Forests are key to conserving water resources and biodiversity
" We saw this clearly for example in the 2000 assessment , where we undertook a remote sensing survey of tropical countries and it was very clear there had been a decline during the period 1980 - 2000 . "
In preparing for its 2010 assessment , the FAO is planning a survey of current and historical satellite data to give higher - quality estimates of forest extent , and to establish uniform and consistent standards between countries .
Alan Grainger agrees that such an analysis is needed .
But he urges going further , advocating the establishment of a World Forest Observatory to monitor developments precisely .
" What is happening to the tropical forests is so important , both to the peoples of tropical countries and to future trends in biodiversity and global climate , that we can no longer put off investing in an independent scientific monitoring programme that can combine satellite and ground data to give a reliable picture , " he said .
Political initiatives to tackle climate change have renewed the interest of some western governments in tropical forestry .
If richer nations are to pay poorer ones to protect forests - a concept which appears likely to form a centrepiece of a successor agreement to the Kyoto Protocol - monitoring changes in cover will become a high priority .
Richard .
Black-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
On a conference call to prepare for a recent debate , Barack Obama brainstormed with his top advisers on the fine points of his positions .
Michelle Obama had dialed in to listen , but finally could n't stay silent any longer .
" Barack , " she interjected , " Feel -- do n't think ! "
Telling her husband his " over - thinking " during past debates had tripped him up with rival Hillary Clinton , she said : " Do n't get caught in the weeds .
Be visceral .
Use your heart -- and your head . "
The ...
U.S. , Congress , Committee on International Relations , Special Subcommittee on Investigations , Oil Fields as Military Objectives : A Feasibility Study , Report Prepared by the Congressional Research Service , 94th Cong. , 1st sess . , August 21 , 1975 , ( Washington , DC : US Government Printing Office , 1975 ) , Parts I and II , pp. 1-39 .
ABSTRACT
The possible use of U.S. military force to occupy foreign oil fields in exigency first surfaced as a serious issue in January 1975 .
This paper provides perspective , so that the Congress if need be could participate most meaningfully in deliberations to determine the desirability and feasibility of any such action .
Analysis indicates that sustained sanctions by all or most of OPEC 's members would disrupt America 's fundamental lifestyle and degrade U.S. security , although survival would never be at stake .
By way of contrast , the vital interests of our major allies could quickly be compromised .
Any decision to ease agonies at home and ( if need be ) assist allies would be conditioned by political , economic , social , legal , and moral factors , but if nonmilitary facets were entirely favorable , successful operations would be assured only if this country could satisfy all aspects of a five - part mission :
-- Seize required oil installations intact .
-- Secure them for weeks , months , or years .
-- Restore wrecked assets rapidly .
-- Operate all installations without the owner 's assistance .
-- Guarantee safe overseas passage for supplies and petroleum products .
American abilities to cope with steps one through four would be suspect if sabotage were the only serious threat .
U.S. parachute assault forces are too few to cover all objectives quickly .
Amphibious forces are too slow .
Skilled teams could wreak havoc before we arrived .
Presuming sufficient assets remained intact to serve U.S. interests , long - term security would remain a challenge .
Two to four divisions plus substantial support would be tied down for a protracted period .
Shortages in specialized manpower and materials would make damaged facilities hard to repair or replace .
Indeed , drafting U.S. civilian workers to supplant foreign counterparts might be mandatory .
Direct intervention by Soviet air / ground forces , a distinct possibility considering the strategic nuclear standoff , might make our mission impossible if we hit in the Middle East .
Other areas would be mainly immune from such perils , but Soviet submarines would pose a serious problem if they struck in force -- U.S. escort vessels are insufficient to msure safe passage for tankers and supply ships in any area , except the Caribbean .
In short , success would largeiy depend on two prerequisites :
-- Slight damage to key installations .
-- Soviet abstinence from armed intervention .
Since neither essental could be assured , military operations to rescue the Umted States ( much less its key allies ) from an airtight oil embargo would combine high costs with high risks .
U.S. strategic reserves would be stripped .
Prospects would be poor , and plights of far - reaching political , economic , social , psychological , and perhaps military consequence the penalty for failure .
OIL FIELDS AS MILITARY OBJECTIVES
A Feasibility Study
Question .
Mr. President , both you and Secretary Kissinger have said that in case of strangulation of the West by the oil producers , you would use military force .
* * * The American people would like to know whether you would require a congressional declaration of war or whether you would bypass that constitutional process , as some of your predecessors have done ?
Answer .
I can assure you on any occasion where there was any commitment of U.S. military personnel to any engagement we would use the complete constitutional process that is required of the President .
President GERALD R. FORD , Press Conference ,
January 21 , 1975 .
BACKGROUND , PURPOSE , AND SCOPE
The possible use of U.S. military force to seize foreign oil fields if the " industrialized world " were being economically " strangled " by any combination of petroleum exporting countries first surfaced as a serious issue in January 1975 .
1 The President , Secretary of State , and Secretary of Defense all addressed that subject .
2
Influential periodicals simultaneously began printing a spate of unofficial studies , speculation , and scenarios .
3 Interest in the subject continues .
4
All public pronouncements pertain to hypothetical propositions .
The Chief Executive and key Cabinet members identify armed intervention as a last resort , after all other efforts have been exhausted and survival is at issue .
However , the fact that they hold military options open creates a need to separate fact from fantasy in ways that facilitate sound decisionmaking .
The purpose of this paper is to provide perspective , so that Congress could participate most meaningfully in deliberations to determine :
-- Whether we should go to war to excise the effects of any given oil embargo against the United States and / or its allies .
-- What strategic and tactical objectives would best serve U.S. purposes if the answer were affirmative .
-- What forces would be essential .
-- What special expenditures could be expected .
-- What risks would be entailed .
-- What benefits could accrue .
The resultant survey covers the immediate future only , through the 1970's .
Thereafter , new United States and allied sources of energy could make armed intervention against petroleum producers an irrelevant act .
However , the principles discussed herein could be applied to potential crises concerning other critical resources later in this century .
Petroleum statistics were drawn from authoritative public documents .
Military data were derived from the best available open sources .
Many figures are in flux .
Some conflict with those in other publications , but discrepancies are matters of minor detail , which in no way invalidate basic conclusions .
The end product is not a brief for or against U.S. military operations to seize OPEC oilfields .
Neither is it a contingency plan .
It simply is a feasibility study that probes problems " in the round , " with full recognition that any decision to condone the use of force would be conditioned by a spectrum of political , economic , social , legal , and moral factors that transcend purely military matters .
5
Footnotes to Background
1 For an introductory chronology see Helms , Jesse A. " Misjudgments in the Middle East , " Remarks In the Senate , Congressional Record , Jan. 23 , 1975 , pp. 8791-8792 .
2 . See annex A for selected quotations .
3 . For the seminal study , see Tucker , Robert W. " Oil : The Issue of American Intervention . "
Commentary , January 1975 , pp. 21-31 .
Among succeeding essays , the most noted thus far has been Ignotus , Miles ( a pseudonym , reportedly for " a Washington - based professor " ) , " Seizing Arab Oil , " Harper's , March 1975 , pp. 45 - 62 .
Rebuttals are found in Ravenal , Earl C. , " The Oil - Grab Scenario , " The New Republic , Jan. 18 , 1975 , pp. 14-16 and Stone , I. F. , " War For Oil ? " , The New York Review , Feb. 6 , 1975 , pp. 7 - 8 , 10 .
4. J. William Fuibright , former Chairman of the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations , most recently theorized on this subject .
See Fuibright 's 1980 Middle East Scenario ( which actually commences with an oil embargo and U.S. military counteractions in 1976 ) , Washington Star - News , July 13 , 1975 , pp. E - 1 , E - 4 .
5 . See annex B for a glossary of special terms .
Annex C contains abbreviations .
PART I : PRIMAL PROBLEMS
VITAL INTERESTS RELATED TO OIL
The only vital national interest , by definition , is survival .
States cease to exist if they fail to safeguard that essential .
Threats to survival thus warrant severe countermeasures .
Less crucial interests include national security , freedom of action , fundamental lifestyles , vigor , and values .
Life goes on if those elements are undercut , but conflicts often occur when people find physical and / or psychological pains intolerable .
Economic warfare , most notably oil embargoes , currently could threaten most modern societies just as surely as nuclear weapons .
Degrees of vulnerability depend on relationships between each country 's requirements on one hand and its resources plus stockpiled reserves on the other .
U.S. INTERESTS
Oil provides 46 percent of all energy consumed in the United States - almost half .
1 Domestic production supplied about 63 percent of the petroleum consumed in 1974 .
The rest had to be imported .
( Data displayed in tables 1 and 2 at the end of this section include some months affected by the Arab oil embargo of 1973 - 74 , but are reasonably representative . )
The importance of imports
The brief embargo from mid-October 1973 through mid-March 1974 was sponsored solely by Arab States and allowed considerable leakage .
Some tankers with false manifests found t.heir way directly from the Persian Gulf to U.S. ports .
Others took devious routes with full Arab knowledge .
2
Nevertheless , that restrained effort showed how susceptible this country would be to renewed pressures .
3
The United States could absorb a new Arab boycott by reducing consumption slightly .
( See table 3 . )
However , our troubles would intensify tremendously if the entire Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries ( OPEC ) imposed airtight sanctions , which someday could be the case .
That cartel recently confirmed its readiness to " counteract * * * threats with a unified response whenever the need arises . "
4
Neither Canada nor friendly Caribbean states ( now major U.S. suppliers ) could help take up the slack , even if they wanted to .
5 OPEC provides almost half of Canada 's petroleum .
Refineries in Trinidad and Tobago , the Bahamas , and Netherlands Antilles also depend on OPEC oil .
Crude oil sources would dry up if any of those parties transshipped to the United States during an embargo .
Consequently , it is realistically possible to postulate a worst case condition depriving the United States of most imports .
If so , an energy shortage approximating 13 percent of current consumption could be expected .
Short - term conservation measures
Should serious shortages occur as a result of economic sanctions by unfriendly States , three domestic courses of action in combination would be open to U.S. decisionmakers : use stockpiles to take up the slack ; augment U.S. output ; reduce the rate of consumption .
Stockpile figures fluctuate .
The Defense Department maintains modest inventories ( exact sizes are classified ) .
Current civilian crude oil stockpiles could match demands for about 65 days if necessary .
Separate caches of refined products ostensibly could extend that time limit , but substantial stocks likely would be shifted to military channels in emergency .
6
Such transfers in fact took place in November 1973 , during the Arab oil embargo , as authorized by the Defense Production Act of 1950 .
7
Consequently , little relief is likely from that quarter .
Steps to increase U.S. production would bring forth few immediate benefits .
Naval Petroleum Reserve No. 1 ( NPR - 1 ) at Elk Hills , Calif .
reportedly would take months to prime .
Activating NPR - 4 in Alaska would take much longer , since its assets still await full exploration and development .
8 Technical adjustments to amplify the output of U.S. fields now in operation would also be protracted projects .
Outer Continental Shelf ( OCS ) development will take at least 5 years .
9
Cutting consumption using techniques outlined in table 4 could create quick and sizable savings approximating 1 million barrels a day ( 6 percent of current consumption ) , according to administration authorities .
10
Thereafter , the law of diminishing returns would take over .
U.S. Armed Forces , for example , already have severely curtailed maneuvers , other training exercises , ffight schedules , and ship steaming time for Reserves as well as active elements .
11 Additional restrictions would affect operational readiness adversely .
Sharp cutbacks in defense and some segments of the civil economy could cause chain reactions , resulting in recession , unemployment , and other problems .
Mid- and long - range conservation measures , combined with accelerated efforts to enhance U.S. self - sufficiency in forthcoming decades , might stimulate the economy , but could not forestall immediate crises .
12 Neither could oil shales , nuclear fission , or futuristic fuels such as solar and fusion energy .
Consequences assessed
Sustained sanctions by the Arab States , perhaps abetted by Iran , would disrupt this country domestically and degrade U.S. security , but not even a full scale OPEC oil embargo would threaten U.S. survival , our only vital interest .
Energy shortages averaging 10 - 15 percent could be tolerated until permanent adjustments were made .
In the process , however , severe economic and social problems probably would alter America 's fundamental lifestyle .
Oil shortages up to 50 percent , for example , could be expected in New England and some Mi(ldle Atlantic States .
Shifting essential oil supplies from west to east would be a slow , laborious process .
Pipelines are few and capacities low .
Tankers would have to transit the Panama Canal , which excludes all such ships larger than 65,000 deadweight tons .
ALLIED INTERESTS
Serious oil embargoes would shatter Western Europe and Japan , whose current dependence on petroleum greatly exceeds our own ( table 5 ) .
Their sources are almost exclusively external .
Britain and Norway should improve their position when North Sea fields go into full production , in 1980 and 1975 respectively , but the rest of NATO and Japan will be at OPEC 's mercy until other energy sources emerge .
13
Severe sanctions by oil producing countries thus would involve vital interests at a very early stage , " strangling " Nippon and NATO in every sense of that word .
Political , military , economic , and social interests in America would suffer accordingly .
Table 1-- U.S. Oil Consumption , 1974
Million Barrels per day Percentage Domestic crude production 8.4 63 Natural gas liquids , etc. 2.1 Imports ( crude plus refined ) 6.1 37 Total domestic supply for consumption 16.6 100
Source : American Petroleum Institute .
" Annual Statistical Review , Petroleum Industry Statistics , 1965 - 74 , " Washington , May 1975 .
p. 13 .
Table 2-- Current Sources of U.S. Oil Imports
( Direct Shipments of Crude and Refined Products , 1974 )
1,000 barrels per day Percentage OPEC Venezuela 980 16.1 Arab OPEC members 748 12.3 Nigeria 713 11.7 Iran 469 7.7 Indonesia 300 4.9 Other OPEC members 65 1.1 Total OPEC 3,275 53.8 Non-OPEC
Bahamas / Caribbean 1 1,396 22.9 Canada 1,067 17.5 Other Arab states 34 0.6 All others 316 5.2 Total , non-OPEC 2,813 46.2 Grand total 6,088 100.0
1. Includes Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico Source : American Petroleum Institute , " Annual Statistical Review : Petroleum industry statistics , 1965 - 74 , " Washington , D.C. , 1975 , p. 10-11
Table 3-- U.S. Shortages if the Arab States or OPEC Ceased All Exports to the United States and Canada
U.S. Energy Consumption , 1974
Oil or oil equivalent ( thousands of barrels per day )
As percent of total energy As percent of total oil As percent of total imports Total Energy 36,150 100 -- -- Total Oil 16,629 46 100 -- Total Oil Imports
6,088 17 37 100 OPEC 3,275 9 20 54 Caribbean 1 1,396 4 8 23 Canada 1,067 3 6 18 All Arab 782 2 5 13
U.S. Vulnerability to Embargo , 1974
( in percent )
Impact on U.S. Impact on U.S. Shortage without conservation Shortage if conserve 1,000,000 barrels a day 2 Total oil Total energy Total oil Total energy All Arab 5 2 0 0 OPEC 20 9 15 6 OPEC , Canada 26 12 21 10 OPEC , Canada , and Caribbean 1 35 16 30 13
1. Caribbean includes Trinidad and Tobago , Bahamas , Leeward - Windward Islands , Netherlands Antilles , Puerto Rico , and Virgin Islands 2 .
Calculate as 1,000,000 barrel per day reduction in total energy , and total imports .
Source : American Petroleum Institute , " Annual Statistical Review : Petroleum industry statistics , 1965 - 74 , " Washington , D.C. , 1975 , p. 10 - 11 , 45 .
Table 4 -- Selected Short - term Oil Conservation Measures
National Defense : Limit aircraft flying hours
Limit ship steaming time
Reduce training exercises Electric utilities : Brown - out ( reduce voltage )
Reduce air conditioning
Eliminate lights for advertising Motor transportation : Stress mass transit , car pools
Ban driving nights and Sundays
Increase fuel taxes sharply Industry / commerce : Convert from oil to coal ( if facilities already installed )
Restrict nonessential production
Eliminate nonessential travel Residential : Restrict services ( trash pickup , etc. )
Turn off selected street lights
Increase utility taxes sharply
Table 5 -- Petroleum Imports and Consumption in Selected NATO Countries and Japan
Oil as percent total energy consumption Imported oil as percent of total oil requirements United States 46 37 Canada 44 0 1 NATO Europe Belgium 60 100 Denmark 98 100 France 66 99 Germany 55 95 Italy 85 100 Netherlands 46 96 Norway 46 70 2 United Kingdom 46 100 2 Japan 75 100
1. Canada currently imports about half of its domestic needs , but exports about the same amount to the United States .
2 . Norway should become self - sufficient in oil when North Sea fields reach planned production in 1975 .
Britain , which began producing on June 18 , 1975 , will lag by about 5 years .
Source : " The Relationship of Oil Companies and Foreign Governments , " Federal Energy Administration , International Energy Affairs , Feb. 15 , 1975 .
DOMINANT DECISIONS
U.S. DECISIONS
Decision No. 1 : Is force justified ?
This country could survive full - scale OPEC sanctions , as the foregoing treatise indicates .
Indeed , one sizable school of thought suggests that a severe oil embargo could be a blessing in disguise if it compelled the United States to mend its immoderate ways at the fastest possible pace .
14 Many reputable men who subscribe to that sentiment find military solutions iniquitous and inappropriate .
As alternatives , they advocate bilateral negotiations , international arbitration by the United Nations or disinterested third parties , and counterembargoes that cut off U.S. military aid and trade to intransigent States or freeze their financial assets and investment opportunities in America .
Proponents at the opposite pole lack the patience or proclivity to abide OPEC - induced adversity for long .
In their opinion , it would be immoral to make the American people pay a high price in money and misery over many months ( or years ) if U.S. persuasion and other pressures failed to lift the embargo quickly .
Robert Tucker , a spokesman for that group , put it this way : " It is excessive to insist that before using force one must exhaust all other remedies , " if the consequences would create economic " chaos . "
15
The key question , then , is : " At what juncture ( if any ) would the United States be justified in using armed force to relieve pressures such as OPEC could impose ? "
There are no easy answers .
From the standpoint of Congress , three salient considerations condition this stage of the decisionmaking process : 16
-- International law .
-- Constitutional responsibilities .
-- Public opinion at home and abroad .
International law
The conduct of U.S. foreign affairs is governed in part by treaties .
Official pronouncements of international organs like the United Nations also are influential .
So is customary law , which helps establish guidelines for our dealings with the global community .
However , which sources are pertinent and which are inapplicable is open to interpretation .
( See annex C for verbatim extracts from selected documents . )
Take the matter of " aggression " as a case in point .
Simply defining that term is a contentious matter , since international law lags in economic and ideological fields , where nonviolent actions supplement or supplant armed combat .
17
" Intervention of an economic nature becomes aggression if it jeopardizes essential rights of a state which are requisites to its security , " according to some authorities .
18 Others see economic aggression simply as steps that " endanger ( a state 's ) basic economy . "
19 Attempts to differentiate between " illegal " and " legitimate " means are unfortunately fuzzy .
The United Nations takes a far narrower tack .
Its Charter of Economic Rights and Duties unequivocally defends every country 's " full permanent sovereignty including possession , use , and disposal , over its wealth , natural resources , and economic activities . "
20 States are forbidden to use such capital for coercive purposes , 21 but if they do , " no consideration of whatever nature * * * may serve as a justification for aggression , " which the United Nations defines solely as " the first use of armed force . "
22
America 's allies might invoke the principle of self - preservation to override the U.N. edict and break an embargo by force , 23 but no equivalent avenue would be available to the United States , which could survive OPEC sanctions .
At best , we might cite blameless self - defense ( a less compelling claim ) as our best legal excuse .
24
Possible U.S. precedents that might favor armed actions to alleviate economic afflictions appear only in the distant past , simply because this country 's abundant natural resources until recently ruled out effective enemy embargoes .
Even the War of 1812 is an indistinct instance , because the British employed blockades instead of boycotts to aim " a destructive blow * * * against our agricultural and maritime interests . "
25
Negative precedents are easier to come by .
The United States condemned Japan for using armed force to improve its economic position , which suffered severely from American and allied embargoes before Pearl Harbor .
26 Authorizing U.S. armed force to offset an OPEC oil embargo thus might be awkward for Congress to approve .
In short , the legal implications of any U.S. determination to violate the sovereignty of foreign States in response to economic injuries are inconclusive .
Decisionmakers who demand irreproachable authority before approving such steps may well withhold approval .
Those who view laws as flexible instruments may find rationalizations .
Constitutional responsibilities
Those prescient statesmen who framed our Constitution were resolved that no one man should commit this country to war .
The separation of powers consequently reserves for Congress the exclusive right to declare wars , although most constitutional scholars recognize that , the Chief Executive must be able to respond rapidly in emergency .
( See annex C for verbatim tracts from the Constitution and other pertinent documents . )
The President , in his oath of office on inauguration day , swears or affirms that he " will to the best of [ his ] ability , preserve , protect , and defend the Constitution of the United States , " whose preamble includes a prescription to " provide for the common defense [ and ] promote the general Welfare . "
27 Article II , section 3 further directs him to " take care that the laws be faithfully executed . "
Said laws implicitly include " treaty obligations ; any obligation inferable from the Constitution ; and the rights , duties , and obligations growing out of the Constitution itself , international relations and all the protection implied by the nature of government under the Constitution " [ emphasis added ] .
28
Presidential responsibilities in that amorphous context are rather elastic .
Ostensibly , they would allow the President to commit U.S. Armed Forces without congressional concurrence -- as often occurred in our history -- if , in his judgment , military power provided the most appropriate reaction to an oil embargo .
29
Congress , however , would have recourse if it disagreed .
The War Powers Resolution of 1973 , vetoed by President Nixon as " clearly unconstitutional , " was written into law when Congress disregarded his contention ( see annex C for full text ) .
Section 1 expressly stipulates that " collective judgment * * * will apply to the introduction of U.S. Armed Forces into hostilities , or into situations where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated . "
If the President dispatches armed elements in emergency , they must withdraw within 60 days unless Congress acquiesces , according to section 5 .
That short period , even augmented by the 30 - day extension authorized under extenuating circumstances , would of course preclude lengthy operations .
" Forces shall be removed [ even earlier ] by the President if the Congress so directs by concurrent resolution . "
The War Powers Resolution in itself is not conclusive .
Its legality has never been tested in the courts .
Nevertheless , Congress does have a very sharp tool at its disposal with which to shape such decisions : appropriations powers under article I , section 8 of the Constitution , which in the past have effectively forestalled the use of U.S. Armed Forces abroad .
30
The President , therefore , would be most likely to collaborate closely with the Congress , as the quote which opens this study suggests .
The role of public opinion
World public opinion is rarely pervasive .
Most often , it reflects reactions by the masters ( rather than the masses ) of States that share common interests at specific instants .
31
Neither does world public opinion exert persistent pressures .
The Soviet savaging of Czechoslovakia that caused so much commot~oll in 1968 was quickly forgotten by all but the principals .
Some cynics , exaggerating to emphasize that point , cite 6 weeks or so as the limit of sustained emotion by observers ( as opposed to participants ) .
A pendulum effect frequently is evident - witness the dispassion with which much of the world viewed the war in Vietnam during the early 1960's ; active support for U.S. involvement in the mid-1960's ; disillusioned indignation in the late 1960's ; active calls for U.S. disengagement in the early 1970's ; and the subsequent drift toward indifference , despite continued conflict .
Allied approval of American actions to seize foreign oilfields almost certainly would reflect the respective attitudes of specific countries and coalitions , not U.S. cohorts en masse .
Those whose interests were surely served as well as our own probably would ratify U.S. decisions .
Those who perceived ill - starred prospects likely would oppose , as would the so - called Third World , which presently presents a unified front on many issues in the United Nations and other forums .
The practical consequences would be inconsiderable if rhetoric were the only weapon outraged countries wield .
32 However , this country 's global reputation for decency conceivably could be diminished .
Reprisals could range from political , economic , and psychological punishment to armed combat .
U.S. diplomatic relations , installations and citizens overseas , trade , and commerce -- including traffic in critical items other than oil -- all could suffer from calculated or spontaneous acts intended to change our course .
Terrorism could not be ruled out .
Soviet military options would be particularly pertinent .
Neither Congress nor the executive branch could count on apathy to soften adverse opinion abroad .
The probable predilections of foreign powers thus would have to be appraised accurately and consequences weighed before , not after , decisions were taken .
Moods in America would be even more important .
Perhaps the most pointed lesson U.S. leaders learned in Vietnam was that national decisions , however desirable they may otherwise seem , must be acceptable to the people .
No great problems would surface if U.S. survival were at stake and the public knew it .
War would be acceptable to most " hawks " and " doves " alike if we faced fatal strangulation by OPEC - there would be nothing to lose .
In this case , however , controversy could be anticipated , since vital interests would not be at issue .
Impatient men might well insist on military action to seek quick relief .
Stoics likely would stress long - term solutions .
Congress , with its thumb on the public pulse , would be best prepared to detect the predominant viewpoint .
Indeed , that contribution to the decisionmaking process would be critical .33
The administration , Congress , or both -- assisted by the mass media -- could take steps to sway public opinion one way or another if they believed it advisable , although success would not be assured .
In the final analysis , decisions that avoided war at all costs could be just as disastrous as those that initiated invasions if official judgment and the national consensus failed to coincide .
Decision No. 2 : Whose interests to safeguard ?
Decision No. 1 is comparatively uncomplicated .
American interests alone would be involved .
Two other contingencies could call for far more complex decisions :
-- Should we safeguard allied interests as well as our own if embargoes engulfed us all simultaneously ?
-- Should we safeguard allies if they were faced with fatal embargoes that did not touch this country ?
Honest men approach those propositions from sundry directions .
Divisions thus are diverse and deep .
Influential factions , for example , contend that this country is responsible only for itself .
34 The slogan " Come Home , America " was coined to serve a special purpose , but it still appeals to a substantial slice of the U.S. population , which opines that outsiders should solve their own problems -- we have enough to keep ourselves well occupied in the United States .
Sad experiences in Southeast Asia currently strengthen such conclusions .
Others infer that U.S. interests are inseparable from those of NATO Europe , and probably Japan .
Robert Tucker , who recently wrote " A New Isolationism : Threat or Promise ? " , seems a curious champion for interdependency , but he spells out the case for succoring allies quite succinctly :
Even the few among us who have argued for a radical contraction of America 's interests and commitments have done so on the assumption that the consequences of an American withdrawal would not be a world in which America 's political and economic frontiers were coterlninous with her territorial frontiers , and in which societies that share our cultures , institutions , and values might very possibly disappear .
35
Deliberations in the clutch would be conditioned by strong emotions on both sides .
Many elements in the decisionmaking matrix , including those already discussed , would be magnified .
U.S. treaty commitments would offer scant encouragement to U.S. leaders probing for legal permission to employ troops .
The North Atlantic Treaty specifies that " an armed attack against one or more [ members ] * * * shall be considered an attack against them all " , obligating the United States to take " such action as it deems necessary , including the use of armed force " ( emphasis added ) .
Military reprisals in response to economic aggression , however defined , are nowhere mentioned .
36 In the Treaty of Mutual Cooperation and Security between the United States and Japan , both States agree " to refrain in their international relations from the threat or use of force against the territorial integrity * * * of any State , or in any other manlier inconsistent with the purpose of the United Nations " -- which brands the first use of armed force as aggression .
37
Constitutional constraints would be identical with those surveyed in the previous section .
Public opinion once again could be expected to provide key input to any " go - no go " decision .
OPEC DECISIONS
Most discourse in open print dwells on the gravity of potential U.S. decisions to seize OPEC oilfields , but overlooks difficulties that would plague opponents before they chose to scourge the United States .
A few words provide perspective .
OPEC 's members , especially prime movers astride the Persian Gulf in Iran and Arab States , have been free from foreign occupation or " oppressive " foreign influence for only a few years .
An American invasion would cut short their freedom of action , which they cherish above all else .
Those same countries depend almost entirely on oil revenues to fund fabulous development programs and underpin their new - found status as world powers .
Both benefits would be abridged for a protracted period if the United States seized their oil fields .
38 Significantly , tho Arabs States also would lose financial resources that currently fuel the fight against Israel .
OPEC countries could not function in accustomed fashions if oil commerce were cut off .
The spectre of " leftist radicals " replacing the ruling order in disrupted States could be cause for concern .
OPEC countries in the Middle East depend heavily on U.S. arms for psychological and practical purposes .
Existing inventories would be depleted quickly if the United States canceled further shipments including spare parts , and terminated training programs , together with technical assistance .
OPEC 's principal recourse in such circumstances would be appeals for greater support from the Soviet Union , which orthodox Moslems especially fear and distrust .
Consequently , considerable leeway for serious negotiation seems to exist , with realistic possibilities for concessions by all parties concerned .
OPEC would have everything to lose and little to gain by any embargo that invited armed reprisals by the United States .
PART II : GLOBAL PERSPECTIVE
MANDATORY MISSIONS
Political , economic , social , legal , and moral issues just outlined deal with the desirability of seizing OPEC oil fields to crush severe embargoes .
However , if all such facets were favorable , armed force would be appropriate only if achievability seemed assured .
Step one in testing for military feasibility is to sort out mandatory missions , both military and civilian .
The irreducible minimum follows :
-- Seize sufficient oil fields and facilities intact .
-- Secure them for a protracted period .
-- Restore wrecked assets rapidly .
-- Operate installations without OPEC 's assistance .
-- Guarantee safe overseas passage for supplies and products .
Successful U.S. operations would be possible only if this country had the power to satisfy all five elements .
Succeeding sections of this study examine prospects .
COUNTERINTERVENTION
THREATS
American aims just mentioned would by no means be self - fulfilling .
OPEC and its sympathizers pose present and potential threats .
( See table 6 at the end of this section for force summaries . )
In each instance , these threats comprise capabilities tempered by intentions .
1
This brief discourse outlines both .
OPEC THREATS
OPEC countries have few capabilities beyond their own frontiers .
Terror tactics against the United States , NATO Europe , and / or Japan constitute the sole exceptions .
Capabilities
OPEC capabilities outlined below could be administered singly or in various mixtures :
-- Surrender preemptively ; negotiate a settlement .
-- Oppose United States / allied assaults with forces shown in table 6 .
-- Interdict United States / allied shipping locally .
-- Conduct guerrilla warfare .
-- Sabotage ports and airfields .
-- Sabotage oil installations .
-- Conduct terror campaigns abroad .
Intentions
Any OPEC countries invaded by embargoed States would have a lot to lose ( see p. 13 ) .
Preemptive surrender thus would be a practical possibility .
Current statements of intention , however , reject that course of action .
Specifically , OPEC sovereigns and heads of State " declare their readiness * * * to counteract [ U.S./ allied ] threats with a unified response whenever the need arises , notably in the case of aggression . "
2
Discussion
The regular Armed Forces of OPEC countries , singly or in coinbination , are quantitatively and qualitatively inferior , when compared with those of great powers .
They could be swiftly crushed .
3 Iran , a future exception , is still far more fearsome on paper than in practice , despite U.S. arms , equipment , and training .
At best , Iran 's Army , Navy , and Air Force could compel us to pay a price in battle , but could not bar U.S. landings .
4
OPEC forces have minimal capabilities to interdict U.S. merchant shipping by military means , even in their own coastal waters .
They lack requisite air and naval power or , in the case of Iran , could be contained in cul - de - sacs .
Neither are most OPEC areas suitable for blockades .
The Strait of Hormuz is a salient exception .
Iran 's military forces could seed that passage with mines if this country hit Persian Gulf States .
Presuming such efforts succeeded , we would he hard pressed to convey petroleum promptly from the Persian Gulf to consumers .
5
That strategy , however , would keep all OPEC countries in the Middle East from shipping produicts to neutral states .
6
The Shah thus would likely be reluctant to take such steps , unless Iran itself were invaded .
Guerrilla warfare in conjunction with or as a substitute for conventional defense would be a credible OPEC option in Nigeria 's jungles , marshes around Maracaibo , and Iran 's rough terrain , where raiders would find sustenance and shelter .
Commandos , operating from Omani coves , conceivably could stick limpet mines on supertankers that traverse the Strait of Hormuz at night .
Conversely , scant cover , combined with comprehensive U.S. air / ground surveillance and sophisticated sensors , would inhibit enemy irregulars elsewhere in the Middle East and much of North Africa .
Popski's private army , David Stirling 's Special Air Service , and Lawrence 's Arab radicals , who once ran rings around rivals in the desert , would find it difficult to duplicate their daring deeds under current conditions .
7 Standoff attacks and sapper strikes in open areas therefore would constitute annoyances , rather than serious threats to United States / allied activities .
Saboteurs , however , could play hob if they hit ports , airfields , and oil facilities before our landings .
Wells , pipelmes , pumping stations , powerplants , storage tanks , refineries , and loading installations all are vulnerable .
Wherever wells flow spontaneously , as they do in much of the Middle East , gases could be ignited easily , and flames being constantly fed would be hard to extinguish .
Even one well blazing out of control could endanger entire fields by decreasing subterranean pressures .
This co~intry has the world 's greatest talent for fighting oil fires , but if several flared concurrently , we would lack enough teams to cope .
8
Destroying wells , of course , would be counterproductive for OPEC if a settlement were reached quickly - - rejuvenation times would be tremendous .
However , attacks on ancillary installations could cripple local oil industries without endangering basic resources .
Terminals , for example include a range of lucrative targets : tanks , pumps , pipes , piers -- all in a compact complex .
Power supplies are very susceptible to sabotage .
9 Saudi Arabia 's machinery presents special problems , being the biggest in the world : the biggest gas separators ( 50 of them ) ; the biggest pumping stations ( 2 million barrels each per day ) ; the biggest water - injection plants ( 400 million cubic feet daily from Abqaiq field alone ) ; tile biggest storage tanks , biggest oil port , biggest desalinization plant .
One - of - a - kind items like that would be time consuming and expensive to replace .
Frank Jungers , Aramco 's chairman , estimates that " a quarter of the world 's exports * * * would be out of commission for at least 2 years " if the infrastructure were wrecked .
10
Jungers ' prediction may be overly pessinistic , given related facts .
Not many OPEC members manifest the Teutonic thoroughness that made German sabotage so successful at Cherbourg in 1944 .
11 No preparations are presently evident in Persian Gulf oilfields , 12 despite proclamations that " mines [ have ] been planted * * * and would be set off at moment 's notice " , if necessary .
13
In fact , prepositioning explosives could cause all sorts of problems with potentially dissident elements , like displaced Palestinians .
Non-Arab States , such as Nigeria and Venezuela , sense no significant threat , and thus have little incentive to plan sabotage operations , without which damage expectations would be poor from OPEC 's perspective .
OPEC sabotage efforts could well be extended to United States and / or allied territory , where oil installations would be especially tempting targets in event of an oil embargo .
Instability would be intense , especially if attacks on economic assets were combined with worldwide terror tactics .
SOVIET THREATS
OPEC 's military threats to United States / allied operations are meaningful only on or near their own territories .
Many of Moscow 's capabilities have global implications .
Capabilities
Soviet counterintevention capabilities , listed below in rough order of priority , comprise an escalation ladder :
-- Conduct propaganda offensives .
-- Increase military support to OPEC countries .
-- Conduct shows of force : -- Near United States / allied areas of operation ; and / or
-- Elsewhere .
-- Conduct diversions
-- Conduct harassing operations : -- In United States / allied areas of operation ; and / or
-- En route .
-- Blockade the area of operations .
-- Interdict United States / allied shipping .
-- Conduct air strikes against oil installations , if the area of operations is in the Middle East or eastern Mediterranean .
-- Conduct air / naval strikes against U.S. assault forces , if the area of operations in the Middle East or eastern Mediterranean .
-- Engage in ground combat , if the area of operations is in the Middle East .
-- Employ tactical nuclear weapons .
-- Employ strategic nuclear weapons selectively .
-- Initiate a general nuclear war .
Intentions
Soviet intentions are less transparent than OPEC's .
Some commentators surmise that the Kremlin would choose to stand aside , or intervene indirectly at the very worst .
Tucker believes that " the balance of perceived interest , as distinguished from the balance of military forces , is certainly against the Russians . "
15 Ignotus concurs .
As be sees it , assuring ample oil imports during an OPEC embargo would involve crucial United States and / or allied concerns .
" Denial would merely be a desirable bonus for the Soviet Union . "
Direct counterintervefltion thus " need barely be considered . "
16
Some skeptics strongly challenge those assumptions .
" We are talking about a chain of events , " said one , " that , with a small but appreciable probability , would lead to a nuclear confrontation .
We therefore have a right to require higher standards of proof from the proponents than from the critics of such an operation . "
17
That is easier said than done , since Soviet statements thus far furnish few clues to true intentions .
Pravda , for example , recently decried the " defenders of monopoly interests " in the West who reputedly resort to " military blackmail " against OPEC by hinting at armed action -- but muted conclusions merely stated that " gun boat politics " were " doomed to failure . "
18
Soviet decisions , taken at the time , would depend on circumstances at home and abroad .
Moscow 's military machine already rivals our own in most respects , and surpasses us in some .
Threats thus far have been mitigated , for several reasons .
Members of Moscow 's ruling hierarchy are essentially conservative , despite their revolutionary records .
National character , Communist doctrine , and unshakable convictions that time is on their side currently repress impulses to confront this country directly .
That situation , however , could change if U.S. economic strains caused by an oil embargo crucially undercut our diminishing military capabilities .
19 Divisiveness in U.S. ranks would further strengthen Soviet confidence , if the American people disapproved any decision to seize OPEC oiifields .
The Kremlin then might consider a policy of opportunity , characterized by reduced constraint and greater proclivities for risk - taking .
20 Such prospects may seem remote , but potential Soviet threats clearly should be counted .
Discussion
What courses the Soviets would select from the smorgasbord of possibilities is open to speculation .
It is one thing to " fish in troubled waters " , but quite another to " fight foreign fishermen . "
In some respects , however , the Kremlin enjoys an enormous advantage : its capabilities to interfere anywhere outside objective areas would be low cost , low risk operations with relatively high effectiveness .
Most such options listed above are self - explanatory , but one needs elaboration .
America and its allies would have little leeway to counter Soviet campaigns against shipping on the high seas .
Threats of massive retaliation would be impotent in an atmosphere marked by mutual assured destruction and the absence of defense .
Restrained nuclear reprisals against selected targets in the Soviet Union would be indecisive , and provoke unpredictable responses .
Risking national suicide would be rational only if our survival were directly at stake , which would not be the case .
Threats projecting U.S. general purpose power would also lack credibility .
With this country 's existing complement of conventional forces already committed against OPEC , ready reserves would be much reduced .
Mobilizing , equipping , training , deploying , and sustaining requisite reinforcements would be a tremendous , costly , time - consuming task .
Even if sufficient forces were available to challenge the Soviets on their home soil , insurmountable problems probably would remain --- the only lucrative invasion avenues lead through NATO territory and the Baltic Straits , both of which could be banned .
A naval war of attrition thus remains our major reaction to attacks by soviet submarines .
Since shore installations on both sides might he fair game , stringent controls would be required to restrict escalation .
Maintaining open sea lines of communication under restrictive conditions could provide a real challenge until protracted antisubmarine warfare operations reduced losses to " manageable proportions . "
Success would not be assured .
Failure would separate committed U.S. forces from supplies and shortstop petroleum shipments .
21
Soviet intervention capabilities ashore would be more inhibited .
To begin with , the Kremlin could bring only part of its power to bear .
China and NATO pose competing threats .
Rigid geographic restrictions further reduce the range of options .
Probabilities that the Soviets might intervene in objective areas thus decrease in direct proportion to distances from their own periphery .
Backfire , Bear , and Badger bombers , for example , could easily close the Persian Gulf with mines before U.S. airpower was in place .
Parachute assaults , airlandings , and other airmobile maneuvers could be completed unopposed .
rfilereafter , the Soviets would find such ploys perilous .
Middle East oilfields , including most of those in Iran , are beyond the combat radii of Mig fighters based within their own borders .
Missions would be minus escorts unless Moscow made use of fields in Arab States or Iran ( map 8 ) 22
Moreover , Soviet airpower unaided could neither position standard ground forces nor sustain them .
Armor and other heavy , outsize items , plus nearly all supplies , would have to move overland via one of two tortuous routes .
The western access , which crosses 2,000 miles from the Balkans to Basra by way of the Bosporus and Baghdad , seems most improbable .
Ankara might authorize overflights if sympathies for OPEC were strong , 23 but likely would be reluctant to allow Moscow 's armies to cross Turkish soil .
The only alternative leads 1,000 miles from the Caucasus to Kuwait through Iran 's mountain wall .
Roads in both regions are rudimentary at best .
The rail " net " is nominal in most locales .
Water is scarce .
Intermediate way stations , supply points , and maintenance shops are nearly nonexistent .
Wear and tear on men and materiel thus would be immense .
Prepositioned stocks would alleviate initial problems .
Some arms equipment conceivably could be commandeered from Syria and and Iraq ( especially tanks , artillery , armored personnel carriers , and motor transports ) .
Long run troubles , however , still would remain .
In short , Soviet air - ground capabilities are circumscribed in the closest area .
In remote regions , such as West Africa and Venezuela , they would be insignificant .
Table 6 .-- Combat Forces , Selected OPEC Countries , OPEC Sympathizers , Soviet Union
OPEC forces listed below are widely deployed in their respective countries .
Some are stationed in outside states ( 15 percent of Saudi Arabia 's army , for example , is in Jordan and Syria ) .
Oil producing regions could be reinforced in emergency , but sizable elements would have to remain elsewhere .
Armed forces not shown are negligible .
GROUND FORCES
Divisions Brigade / Regiment Strength Armor Airborne Other Armor Other Battalion Tanks Mid East Egypt 280,000 3 -- 8 2 5 26 2,000 Iran 175,000 3 -- 2 0 3 0 1,160 Iraq 100,000 2 -- 3 1 - - 1,390 Kuwait 8,000 0 -- 0 1 2 0 100 Saudi Arabia 36,000 0 -- 0 0 4 5 115 Syria 125,000 2 -- 3 4 0 8 1,670 Africa Algeria 55,000 0 -- 0 1 4 54 450 Libya 25,000 0 -- 0 3 1 1 271 Nigeria 200,000 0 -- 3 0 0 0 0 Venezuela 1 24,000 0 -- 0 1 1 24 31 Indonesia 200,000 0 -- 0 0 19 8 UNK Soviet Union 2 -- 3 7 20 -- -- -- --
1. Venezuela 's army is being reorganized .
31 light and medium tanks are on order .
2 . Except for airborne divisions , Soviet forces shown are in the southern U.S.S.R .
A few are at full strength .
Most are about evenly divided between category 2 ( 1/2 to 3/4 strength ) and category 3 ( 1/3 strength ) .
Full strength armored divisions have 5 medium tanks ; mechanized divisions have 255 .
Reinforcements in European Russia are readily available .
SELECTING AREAS OF OPERATION AND OUTLYING OBJECTIVES
The five - part mission previewed on page 15 merely prescribes what Armed Forces would have to do if ordered to obtain United States and / or allied oil imports by military means against all opposition .
This section concerns the question " where ? "
AREAS OF OPERATION
Very few OPEC countries , alone or in practical combinations , have petroleum production capacities and proven reserves that could satisfy United States and / or allied import requirements until all aggrieved states achieved self - sufficiency in energy , converted from oil to other fuels , worked out accommodations , or broke the embargo .
24 The following survey of prominent prospects stresses production potential , space relationships ( location , size , and shape ) , general geographic characteristics , counterintervention threats , and political implications in special cases .
( See tables 7 - 11 and maps 2 - 8 at the end of this chapter . )
Supply United States
Several options would insure sufficient oil imports for the United States , without regard for allies .
Venezuela 's major producing fields at Maracaibo , combined with those in Nigeria , fall somewhat short of matching U.S. daily import demands , but pump enough petroleum to maintain the U.S. economy at a reduced pace if we conserved a million barrels a day as previously discussed .
Essential refinery capacities also would be available .
25
Both countries are comparatively close to the United States .
It is five times farther from our eastern seaboard to Persian Gulf ports via the Mediterranean than to Maracaibo , just across the Caribbean .
26 Steaming times from Norfolk to Nigeria are less than half those to Persian Gulf loading points .
27 No terrain bottlenecks , such as the Suez Canal and Strait of Hormuz , interfere with traffic flow from either locale .
Neither Nigeria nor Venezuela could offer more than token resistance to a U.S. invasion .
Threats by Soviet air and ground forces would be nonexistent -- no otherwise acceptable areas of operation duplicate that desirable attribute .
( See section on counterintervention threats for details . )
Liabilities , however , are also impressive .
Separate operations 4,500 miles apart would cause force requirements and costs to soar .
Wells under water produce most of Maracaibo 's petroleum .
Such structures would be much more difficult to seize and secure than installations ashore .
Parachute assaults , for example , would be impractical .
Nigeria 's fields are in mangrove swamps and rain forests similar to those that frustrated U.S. forces in Southeast Asia .
Population patterns there are among the densest in Africa .
Special tactics , tools , and techniques would be essential in both countries .
Last , but perhaps not least , all Latin America likely would censure U.S. actions if we seized oilfields in Venezuela , which is our official ally in the Organization of American States ( OAS ) .
Maracaibo might also be linked with Libya , whose potential gross production is a third greater than Nigeria's .
The distance from Norfolk to Brega , south of Benghazi , is about the same as to Bonny , on the Bight of Biafra .
Beyond that , however , debits would outweigh credits .
Most Libyan oil is pumped to loading points on the Gulf of Sirte , but petroleum from the Sarir field empties out near Tobruk , 300 airline miles northeast .
Substantial reinforcements would be required to secure the extra pipeline and associated installations .
More importantly , Sarir crude oil has a high paraffin content , and therefore must be heated in transit .
If pumps shut down from sabotage or other causes , the conduit would turn into a giant " candle . "
This study therefore arbitrarily excludes Sarir 's 200,000 barrels a day from U.S. options shown on table 10 , but includes them with NATO options , where every drop would count .
Landings in Libya almost certainly would cause serious rifts between this country and its European allies if seizing oil installations served U.S. interests , but not NATO's .
Worse yet , Soviet Armed Forces , especially naval elements , are better placed to meddle in the Mediterranean than in the Gulf of Guinea .
28 U.S. lines of communication , for example , would be very vulnerable at Gibraltar and near the Sicilian narrows .
OPEC 's greatest producers , of course , are in the Middle East .
There would be little to recommend Iraq , even if its 2 million barrels a day matched the 6.2 million U.S. import demand and refineries were sufficient , which they are not .
Most fields , which center on Kirkuk , are 400 - 500 miles from Persian Gulf ports , quite isolated from other Middle East assets .
Consequently , they pump petroleum to a pair of loading points along the Mediterranean .
Neither pipelines nor ports could be secured unless U.S. troops were physically deployed over huge portions of Iraq , Syria , and Lebanon .
Counterintervention threats would be ]ess crucial in countries at the southern end of the Persian Gulf , where four states straggle along a 600 - mile littoral arc from Bahrain and Qatar through the United Arab Amirates ( UAA ) to Oman .
However , their combined production falls 40 percent short of U.S. requirements , and many wells are offshore .
Kuwait , in the center , is a more compact package .
Its fields are within easy reach of the Persian Gulf coast .
Most installations are onshore .
Refinery capacity ranks with the best in the Middle East .
Loading facilities are more than adequate .
Daily petroleum production of 3.5 million barrels is almost 80 percent of Iraq and the UAA combined , but still scarcely more than half of America 's current imports .
By way of contrast , either Iran or Saudi Arabia alone could supply U.S. needs for crude petroleum .
Unfortunately , the former shares some of Iraq 's most serious shortcomings .
The latter is unnecessarily expansive .
Iranian oil fields , for example , are scattered for 300 miles north - to - south in rough , arid foothills of the sawtoothed Zagros range .
Land routes in the region are poor .
Loading facilities at Kharg Island would be easy to isolate and secure once in U.S. possession , hut the Abadan refinery complex near Iraq 's frontier lies on exposed flats that invite counteractions from both sides of the border .
Iranian Armed Forces , which feature the finest U.S. fighter aircraft and a consequential navy , are the strongest of any OPEC member .
Iraq 's military machine is less pretentious , but poses potential threats that could not be ignored .
The Tigris - Euphrates confluence and swampy delta ( commonly called the Shatt - al - Arab ) , together with built - up areas , would afford an infinite number of safe havens from which irregulars could mount incursions .
Most important of all , U.S. intrusions might incite the Shah to seek assistance from the Soviet Union , which could interfere in force from the Caucasus .
29
Selected Iranian oilflelds ( 2.7 million barrels a day ) could be combined with those in Kuwait ( 3.5 million ) to meet U.S. import needs , but that course would do little to downgrade threats , and would add some difficulties .
Iran likely would fight as hard for half its holdings as for all .
Possible Soviet responses would remain essentially constant .
U.S. forces would have to seize and secure oilfield and terminal facilities in two dissimilar , noncontiguous areas .
Tailor - made amalgams involving Saudi Arabia appear more promising , since that country is less exposed to Soviet air - ground strikes and its armed forces are small .
Kuwait , for example , combined with Saudi coastal fields , might prove manageable , although focal points are 250 miles apart and half the output comes from offshore .
All Saudi onshore assets currently operated by Aramco 30 would suffice , but they stretch for 300 miles across sere , sandy landscape , from the neutral zone to the edge of Rub al - Khali , Arabia 's empty quarter .
South Saudi onshore holdings , plus Qatar and Bahrain , are less elongated , but comprise three disconnected areas that would complicate control .
The Saudi core 's great Ghawar field alone could furnish 75 percent of the full U.S. requirement .
31 Tanker turnaround times to Ras Tanura would be a day less than those to Kuwait City , 250 miles farther north .
32 Precious fuel could be conserved .
That extra distance could also constrain Soviet airpower .
Offshore loading facilities at Ras Tanura and Juaymah are among the best in the Middle East , but refinery capacities would fall short by half a million barrels per day , even if all installations were seized intact , a dubious assumption .
33 Sizable amounts therefore would have to be refined in NATO Europe and the Caribbean .
That course would be practical only if the countries concerned approved the forceable U.S. occupation of foreign oil fields .
Concurrence could not taken for granted , since operations to supply the United States alone could be inimical to NATO 's interests .
Supply United States plus Japan
Demands for crude petroleum would nearly double ( from 6.2 to 11.6 million barrels a day if Japanese requirements were added to our own , but Japan 's capacities for self - help in case of embargo would be very slim .
34 Its armed forces lack adequate mobility means and staying power to strike unaided in the Middle East , the only area with oil concentrations large enough to satisfy Nippon 's full need .
Japan thus would collapse economically if America were unwilling or unable to take up the slack .
Should this country elect to assist , two alternatives could be explored .
The United States perhaps could help Japan to help itself by furnishing sealift and logistic support for use by Japanese forces ,
If this country sought to satisfy its own import needs in Latin America and Africa .
south Saudi onshore production could supply Japan 's daily requirements of 5.4 million barrels ( Ghawar , 4.7 million ; Abqaiq , 0.9 ; Qatif and Dammam 0.1 ) .
If U.S. forces chose to hit the Saudi core , Japan 's best targets would be Indonesia ( 1.4 ) and Kuwait ( 3.5 ) in combination .
Offshore wells at Safaniyah , the northernmost Saudi field , could furnish most of the difference , should that seem desirable .
35 Terniinal facilities in Kuwait , includhig a refinery , would facilitate service .
Alternatively , the United States could expand its areas of operation to compensate for shortages remaining after Japan seized oil installations in Indonesia .
Maracaibo , Nigeria , and Libya in aggregate would be unable to satisfy the residual United States / Japanese requirement of 10.2 million barrels , even if U.S. forces could cope simultaneously with three separate theaters .
This country thus would have to confine efforts to the Middle East , where the Saudi core and nearly contiguous Kuwait would suffice .
Supply United States plus NATO Europe
Supplying this country plus NATO would be far more difficult .
No choice is encouraging .
This country 's European allies , like Japan , have strictly circumscribed capabilities .
French and Italian air / ground forces are relatively free , but other NATO countries , including Germany , are constricted by current commitments or simply lack abilities to project a potent punch much beyond their borders .
Consequently , NATO 's self - help program , carried out by a small segment of the Atlantic Alliance , would at best be limited to occupying oil installations in Libya and Algeria , which could cover 4.3 million of the 15.2 million barrel NATO requirement .
Sufficient allied sea power is available to support such endeavors , but complications ashore could be expected , since some Algerian fields are 600 miles south in the Sahara , and part of .
Algeria 's oil is pumped through Tunisia .
NATO shortages of 10.9 million barrels a day ( almost double U.S. import requirements ) could be alleviated only if America took action to seize all assets in Saudi Arabia and Kuwait , along with most of Iran 's petroleum .
Iran 's contribution could be reduced to 55 percent if U.S. forces took all odds and bods from Bahrain to Oman , but the territory would then be tremendous -- perhaps 1,000 straight line miles north to south , an expanse equal to that between Washington and mid-Missouri .
Manpower and materiel requirements would be immense .
The OPEC cartel might break if United States and NATO elements seized a smaller package , but planners could not depend on it .
Supply United States plus Europe and Japan
Insuperable problems emerge at this stage .
Assets in all the Middle East , ( less Iraq ) and North Africa would be adequate to supply this country and its major allies at reduced rates of oil consumption , but military impediments would be inhibitive .
Supply Allies alone
This country and 15 of the world 's largest oil consumers ( including most NATO nations and Japan ) signed an agreement on an International Energy Program late in 1974 .
In essence , that pact promotes " secure oil supplies on reasonable and equitable terms " by developing standby stocks within each member state , restraining demand , and allocating imports among members so as to ease shortages during " oil supply emergencies . "
36
The stipulated share of petroleum resources would avert or attenuate crises caused by embargoes , if no complications arose .
However , OPEC conceivably could use selective boycotts against our foremost allies to drive a wedge between them and the United States .
Should that contingency occur , neither NATO nor Japan could seize sufficient oil supplies to satisfy minimal import requirements .
The United States could choose to assist .
If so , sanctions against NATO would demand direct military operations by this country in the Middle East , since allied capabilities are inadequate , and no other area could satisfy Europe 's oil import requirements .
Should OPEC 's embargo strike solely at Japan , U.S. assistance might be confined to material support , as suggested earlier .
Conversely , American and Japanese Armed Forces could be committed in any one of several oil producing areas whose output is sufficient to satisfy current needs
OUTLYING OBJECTIVES
Some potential areas of operation , such as Venezuela and Nigeria are isolated .
Outsiders would find it difficult or impossible to oppose U.S. actions .
No intervening obstacles impede passage from those oil producers to the United States or its principal allies .
Not so in other locales .
Several OPEC countries adjoin in the Middle East , where coordinated military actions by members and / or sympathizers ( especially the Soviet Union ) are conceivable .
Blocking positions well beyond the oilfields might prove essential .
At the very least , U.S. units would need to oversee the Strait of Hormuz , probably from both shores -- a sensitive proposition , should the Shah resist .
Japan might have to hold Malacca .
If Saudi areas were occupied , U.S. forces might need to control Riyadh , a possible hotbed of resistance .
Extensive perimeters thus could be expected .
Footnotes to Part I
1. MacDonald , David R. , " Report of Investigation of Effect of Petroleum Imports and Petroleum Products on the National Security Pursuant to sec. 232 of the Trade Expansion Act , as amended . "
Department of the Treasury , Jan. 13 , 1975 , annex E. ( no pagination ) .
2. Testimony of William Simon before the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations of the Senate Committee on Government Operations , Jan. 25 1974 , printed in : U.S. Senate .
Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs .
" Current Analysis of Petroleum Supplies for 1st Quarter 1974 . "
Committee print , serial No. 93-30 ( 92-65 ) , 93d Cong. , 2d Sess .
Washington , U.S. Government Printing Office , 1974 , p. 1 . The Dec. 15 , 1973 issue of the National Journal reported that the Cabinet - level Emergency Energy Action Group had decided on Nov. 19 , 1973 , not to disclose the sources of imported oil during the embargo to protect countries " leaking " oil to the United States .
A Department of Commerce report released on Apr. 8 1974 ( Washington Post , Apr. 9 , 1974 : A - l2 ) confirmed that oil from Arab countries continued to flow to the United States despite the embargo .
3 . ' The Arab oil embargo was only one of several factors that contributed to U.S. oil shortages in the winter of 1973 - 74 , but it was the most conspicuous .
Mark , Clyde , " The Arab Oil Embargo and U.S. Oil Shortages : October 1973 to March 1974 . "
Washington , Congressional Research Service , May 3 , 1974 , ( press release of Congressman Dante Fascell , May 27 , 1974 ) .
16 pp .
4. " Conference of the Sovereigns and Heads of State of the OPEC Member Countries : Solemn Declaration . "
New York Times , Apr. 1 , 1975 , p. 18C .
5. Canada , which presently supplies 17 percent of all U.S. petroleum imports , plans to cut off that source - shortly , since it needs more oil itself .
See statement of Donald S. MacDonald , Canadian Minister of Energy , to the House of Commons , Nov. 22 , 1974 .
Printed in U.S. Congress .
House .
" Energy From U.S. and Canadian Tar Sands : Technical , Environmental , Economic , Legislative , and Policy Aspects . "
Report prepared for the Subcommittee on Energy of the Committee on Science and Astronautics .
93d Cong. , 2d sess .
Washington , U.S. Government Printing Office , December 1974 , pp. 87-90 .
6. U.S. stocks of crude oil for civilian use totaled 225 million barrels in October 1974 .
Imports that month were 3.9 million barrels a day .
Reserves would last 65 days if all imports ceased .
Monthly Energy Review , Federal Energy Administration , National Energy Information Center , December 1974 .
7. Cooper , Bert H. , " Oil Shortages and the U.S. Armed Forces . "
Washington , Congressional Research Service , Apr. 16 , 1974 , p. 24 .
8. Fact Sheet , The President 's State of the Union message .
Washington , Office of the White House Press Secretary , Jan. 15 , 1975 .
Question and answer section .
9. Kash , Don E. , White , Irvin L. , et al. , " Energy Under the Oceans : A Technological Assessment of Outer - Continental Shelf Oil and Gas Operations . "
Norman , University of Oklahoma Press , 1973 , 378 pp .
10 . MacDonald , David R. , " Report of Investigation of Effect of Petroleum Imports and Petroleum Products on the National Security . "
Cover Memo , p. 2 .
11 . Cooper , Bert H. , " Oil Shortages and the U.S. Armed Forces , " p. 12 .
12 . For a representative sample , see U.S. Congress .
House .
Hearings Before the Subcommittee on Foreign Economic Policy of the Foreign Affairs Committee on Foreign Policy Implications of the Energy Crises .
Washington , U.S. Govt. Print .
Off. , 1972 , pp. 179-181 .
13 Highly industrialized Japan is even more dependent on foreign oil today than it was during World War II , when allied embargoes and blockades effectively " strangled " that country .
For a detailed account see Cohen , Jerome B.. " Japan 's Economy in War and Reconstruction , " Minneapolis , University of Minnesota
Press , 1949 . 545 pp .
14 Charles J. DiBono , then the President 's consultant on energy matters , believed that an extended embargo " might well be in our long - run best interest " , because it would " stimulate intense public efforts to increase supply and reduce demand . "
" Calling the Oil Bluff , " The Wall Street Journal , Oct. 16 , 1973 , p. 22 .
Some noted journalists concur .
Anthony Lewis , for example , advocates adjusting " to the reality of scarcer and more expensive energy " , and admonishes that " far from encouraging * * * * adjustment , dreams of gunboat diplomacy will foster the dangerous illusion that * * * linear growth based on cheap energy can go on forever . "
" Thinking the Unthinkable , " New York Times , Dec. 30 , 1974 , p. 30 .
15 . Estimating the economic and social impact of an oil embargo is an inexact endeavor in which neither optimists nor pessimists can prove their case .
The Federation of American Scientists , speaking only of Arab input , indicates that " cutoffs could cause * * * [ a ] world - wide depression . "
" The Arab Oil Boycott :
A Blessing in I ) isguise ? " F.A.S. Public Interest Report , Special Issue on Oil , January 1974 , p. 1 .
By way of contrast , the Federal Energy Administration finds " that we know little about the long run implications of the [ 1973 ] embargo . " much less any future boycott .
" The Economic Impact of the Oil Embargo on The American Economy . "
Washington , Federal Energy Administration , Aug. 8 , 1974 , p. 12 .
16 . Subsequent sections address risk - versus - gain ratios .
17 . Bowett , D. W. , " Self - Defense in International Law , " Manchester ( United Kingdom ) , Manchester University Press , 1958 , p. 107 .
18 . Ibid. " Essential rights " are widely construed to include political independence , territorial integrity , security on the high seas , prerogatives to protect the state 's citizens abroad , and the defense of economic interests .
Bowett covers each in turn , pp. 29 -114 .
See especially pp. 106-114 on economic interests .
19 . Several definitions are found in Thomas , A. V. W. and Thomas A. J. , Jr. ; " The Concept of Aggression in International Law . "
Dallas , Tex. , Southern Methodist University Press , 1972 , pp. 90 -92 .
20 . United Nations General Assembly Resolution 3281 ( XXIX ) , Charter of Economic Rights and Duties of States , ch. II , art .
2 , Jan. 15 , 1975 .
21 Ibid. , ch. IV , art .
32 .
22 . United Nations General Assembly Resolution 3314 ( XXIX ) , Definition of Aggression , Annex , art .
2 and 5 , Dec. 14 , 1974 .
23 " The principle of self - preservation * * * is so fundamental that no system or law can possibly ignore it . "
Whiteman , Marjorie , Digest of International Law , Vol. 5 , Washington , U.S. Govt. Print .
Off. , 1965 , p. 975 .
Corroborating views are summarized in Stowell , Ellery C. , " Intervention in International Law , " John Byrne & Co. , 1921 pp. 393-397 .
24 . " When the delict does not involve force or the threat of force , it would * * * seem arbitrary to deny the defending state the right to use force in the defense of its rights as a matter of fixed principle . "
Whiteman , Marjorie , Digest of International Law , Vol. 12 , 1971 , p. 26 .
25 . Blockades and embargoes both seek to impose economic sanctions , but there are sharp distinctions .
International law is specific regarding blockades , which are backed up by force or threats of force .
Laws are inconclusive concerning the use of embargoes as coercive instruments .
The quotation is from President Madison 's War Message to the Congress on June 1 , 1812 .
26 .
To say that Japan 's great offensive in December 1941 was generated exclusively by economic concerns ( including embargoes ) would grossly oversimplify the issues .
However , economic warfare played a salient gart , and the illustration provides some insight .
27 . The Preamble to the Constitution , unlike the articles , is not legally binding , but it does state basic interests .
Art. I , Sec. 8 , for example , charges the Congress with particular responsibilities related to promoting the general welfare , but philosophy in the Preamble nonetheless alerts the President to that requirement in its broadest context .
28 . Taft , William Howard , " Our Chief Magistrate and His Powers , " New York , Columbia University Press , 1925 , pp. 87 88 , 91 , citing In re Neagle ( 1899 , 135 U.S. 1 ; U.S. v. Logan ( 1892 ) , 144 U.S. 263 .
29 .
The Congress has declared war only five times : the War of 1812 , the Mexican War , the Spanish - American War , World War I , and World War II .
Five congressional joint resolutions have authorized the use of U.S. armed forces overseas since 1945 : Formosa resolution , Public Law 84 - 4 , 11.3 .
Res. 159 , approved Jan. 29 , 1955 ; Middle East resolution , Public Law 85 - 7 , 11.3 .
Res. 117 , approved Mar. 9 , 1957 ; Cuban resolution , Public Law 87-733 , S.J. Res. 230 , approved Oct. 3 . 1962 ; Berlin resolution , House Con. Res. 570 , concurred In on Oct. 10 , 1962 ; Gulf of Tonkin resolution , Public Law 88-408 , 11.3 .
Res. 1145 , approved Aug. 10 , 1964 .
In addition , U.S. Armed Forces have been committed many times without congressional concurrence of any kind .
30 .
An amendment to the Defense Appropriations Act of 1970 ( Public Law 91- 171 , Dec. 29 , 1969 ) , for example , stipulates that " none of the funds appropriated by this act shall be used to finance the Introduction of American ground combat troops into Laos or Thailand . "
Public Law 91-652 applied similar proscriptions to Cambodia on Jan. 5 , 1971 .
Public Law 93 -50 extended such restrictions to all of Indochina and adjacent waters on July 1 , 1973 .
31 . Source materials on this subject cover both theory and practice .
See for example Lippmann , Walter , " Public Opinion " New York Harcourt , Brace & Co. , 1922 . 427 pp. ; and Harris , Louis , " The Anguish of Change , " New fork , W. W. Norton & Co. , 1973 , 306 pp .
32 . Stalin , for one , found supplicatlons unpersuasive , unless backed by force of arms , as evidenced by his disparaging remark to Pierre Laval in May 1935 ; " The Pope !
How many divisions has he got ? "
33 . Fifty - eight percent of the American people in April 1975 disapproved hypothetical proposals to seize Arab oilfields , according to a Harris survey .
An even quarter then assented .
Those figures could shift suddenly if an airtight embargo struck .
Harris , Louis , " Oil or Israel ? " New York Times Magazine , Apr. 6 , 1975 , p. 34 .
34 .
For recent discussions see Russett , Bruce , " The American 's Retreat From World Power , " Political Science Quarterly , Spring 1975 , pp. 1 - 21 ; and Roskin , Michael , " From Pearl Harbor to Vietnam : Shifting Generational Paradigms and Foreign Policy , " Political Science Quarterly , Fall 1974 , pp. 563-588 .
35 . Tucker , Robert W. " Oil : The Issue of American Intervention , " p. 28 .
President Ford and Secretary Kissinger lean toward support for allies in their public statements .
Both speak of " strangulation " that affects the " entire industrialized world , " not just the United States .
36 . Treaties and Other International Agreements of the United States of America , 1776 - 1949 .
Compiled by Charles I. Bevans .
vol. 4 , Multilateral , 1946 - 49 .
Washington , U.S. Govt. Print .
Off. , 1970 , pp. 828-831 .
37 . United States Treaties and Other International Agreements .
Vol. 11 , pt. 2 , 1960 .
Washington , U.S. Govt. Print .
Off. , 1961 , pp. 1632-1635 .
38 . OPEC would abridge its financial assets and freedom of action simply by invoking an embargo , but .
would control the degree and duration of its own duress .
If U.S. troops occupied oilfields , this country could deny them the luxury of choice .
Footnotes to Part II
1. Capabilities constitute the ability of countries or coalitions to execute specific courses of action at specific times and places .
Fundamental components can be quantified and compared objectively -- so many tanks , ships , and planes .
Time , space , climate , and terrain are also easy to calculate .
Best of all , capabilities rarely are subject to rapid change .
Intentions deal with the determination of countries or coalitions to use their capabilities in specific ways at specific times and places .
Interests , objectives , policies , principles , and commitments all play important roles .
National will is the integrating factor .
Intentions are very tricky to deal with , since they are subjective states of mind .
Still , some feel for friendly capabilities and determination plus enemy capabilities and intentions is imperative for decislonmakers who hope to design sound strategies .
2. " Conference of the Sovereigns and Heads of State of the OPEC Member Countries Solemn Declaration . "
New York Times , Apr. 1 , 1975 , p. 18C .
3. OPEC 's abilities to interfere with air strikes , parachute assaults , and airmobile operations could be increased quickly and effectively if outsiders supplied large stocks of antiaircraft weapons , especially small , mobile surface - to - air missiles such as SA - 6 and SA - 7 , which are easily concealed .
No such support is now evident .
4. Dr. Alvin J. Cottrell , of the Georgetown Institute for Strategic and International Studies , published the following evaluation after a recent inspection tour in Iran and interview with the Shah . " [ One ] point * * often is overlooked in superficial assessments of Iran 's current military power and its allegedly grandiose ambitions .
The Shah has made an investment in the sophisticated instruments of military power .
but the investment is likely to bear fruit only some years in the future .
The leadtime is conditioned not only by stretched out delivery schedules * * * but also by the infrastructure and training requirements to absorb [ his ] purchases . "
" Iran : Diplomacy in a Regional and Global Context , " Washington ( Privately published ) , 1975 , p. 12 .
5. Admiral Elino R. Zumwalt , Jr. , when he was Chief of Naval Operations , identified the Strait of Hormua as a critical choke point which is " relatively easy to mine or block " , and concluded that " there is little the United States could do militarily to forestall this possibility . "
U.S. Congress .
Senate .
' Oil and Gas Imports Issues . "
Hearings before the Committee on Interior and Insular Affairs , Pt. 3 , 93d Cong. , 1st Sess. , Washington .
U.S. Govt. Print .
Off. , 1973 , pp. 764-765 .
6. Except Iraq , whcse petroleum is pumped to Mediterranean ports .
7. Accounts of those exploits are found in Peniakoff , Vladimir , " Popski's Private Army , " New York , Crowell , 1950 , 369 pp. ; Cowles , Virginia , " The Phantom Major : the Story of David Stirling and the S.A.S. Regiment .
Lonlon , Collins .
1958 . 320 pp. ; and Lawrence , T. E. , " Seven Pillars of Wisdom : A Triumph , "
Garden City , New York , 1966 , 622 pp .
8. Letters fiorn readers : " Oil and Force , " Commentary , April 1975 , p. 15 .
Quotes a petroleum engineer ; and Mosley , Leonard , " Power Play : Oil in Middle East , " New York , Random House , 1973 , pp. 137-141 .
9. Venezuelan insurgents , who short - circuited four offshore transformers in 1962 , shut down 600 wells for a short time .
Professional planning would have produced superior results .
" The Sovereign Puppet , " Time , Nov. 9 , 1962 , p. 41 .
10 . Borchgrave , Arnaud de , ' ' Intervention Would n't Work , " Newsweek , Mar. 31 , 1975 , p. 48 .
The Arabian American Oil Co. ( ARAMCO ) operates most petroleum concessions in Saudi Arabia .
11 . U.S. forces landed in Normandy on June 6 , 1944 .
Cherbourg fell on June 29 .
Before withdrawing , German defenders completed what one source called " the most complete , intensive , and best - planned demolition in history . "
All basins were blocked by sunken ships .
20,000 cubic yards of masonry were blown into berths , Ninety - five percent of the deep - draft quays were destroyed .
Breakwaters were cratered , cranes crumpled , power and heating plants destroyed .
Wholesale mining was accomplished .
Bridges and buildings were blasted along with clearance facilities .
Serious problems were still experienced in October .
Ruppenthal , Ronald G. " Logistical Support of the Armies " .
Vol. II , September 1944 - May 1945 .
Washington , Office of the Chief of Military History , Department of the Army , 1959 , pp.62 -89 .
12 . Borchgrave , Arnaud de , Newsweek , March 31 , 1975 , p.48 .
13 . " Kuwait Threatens Oilfield Destruction Should U.S. Step In , " New York Times , Jan. 10 , 1974 , p. 17 .
14 .
The conflict spectrum is a continuum of hostilities that ranges from subcrisis confrontation to spasmodic nuclear war .
Successive increases in scope or intensity constitute escalation .
Levels of escalation are like the rungs of a ladder , which may be climbed in sequence or by skipping selected steps .
Deescalation reverses that process .
For a detailed discussion , see Kahn , Herman , " On Escalation : Metaphors and Scenarios " New York , Praeger , 1965 , pp. 3 -51 .
15 . Tucker , Robert W. , " Oil : The Issue of American Intervention , " pp. 26-27
16 . Ignotus , " Seizing Arab Oil , " p. 58 .
17 . Ravenal , Earl C. , " The Oil - Grab Scenario , " The New Republic , Jan. 18 , 1975 , p. 16 .
18 . Wren , Christopher , " Soviet Sees Military Blackmail by West Against Oil - Producing Countries , " New York Times , Jan. 8 , 1975 , p. 2 .
19 . The U.S. Army has been cut in half since 1970 .
Air Force and Navy personnel strengths have been cut by about a third .
The intent was to constitute smaller forces which modernization measures would endow with greater capabilities than their predecessors .
However , retraction began well before refurbishment could take place .
Size , therefore , was reduced without concomitant improvements in combat power .
Collins , John M. " Defense Trends in the United States , 1952 - 1973 . "
Washington , Congressional Research Service , May 14 , 1974 , pp. 80 -83 .
20 . William H. Kintner and Robert L. Pfaltzgraff , Jr. spelled out three possible Soviet foreign policies in a pamphlet entitled " Soviet Military Trends : Implications for U.S. Security , " Washington , American Enterprise Institute , 1971 , pp. 9 - 12 .
A basic policy of condominium , which dominated the 1960's after the Cuban missile crisis , stressed " peaceful coexistence . "
It was ( and is ) paralleled in some areas by a policy of caution , predicated on Soviet reluctance to run serious risks , but reflecting greater willingness to stimulate rivalry that avoids compromising U.S. vital or compelling interests .
A policy of opportunity would involve increased Soviet competition in arenas where U.S. interests are intense .
21 . Data drawn from the following documents describe NATO reinforcement problems , but they are applicable .
U.S. Congress .
Senate .
Hearings Before the Committee on Armed Services on fiscal year 1973 Authorization for Military Procurement [ etc. ] .
Part 2 . 92d Cong. 2d Sess .
Washington , U.S. Govt .
Print .
Off. , 1972 , pp. 658 , 1069 .
Also U.S. Congress .
House .
Hearings Before the Special Subcommittee on North Atlantic Treaty Organization Commitments , Committee on Armed Services .
92d Cong. , 1st and 2d Sess .
Washington , U.S. Govt. Print .
Off. , 1972 , pp. 13006-13008 .
22 The approximate combat radius of Mig - 21s is 350 miles ; Mig -255 700 miles ; SU - 7s 200-300 miles .
An extended review of Soviet capabilities in the Persian Gulf area is contained in Blechman , Barry M. and Kuzmack , Arnold M. , " Oil and National Security , " Naval War College Review , May - June 1974 , pp .
10 - 13 .
23 A widely - quoted source states that " the Montreux Convention * * * establishes freedom of air passage for the Russians through a North - South corridor .
The Soviets thus [ have ] no need to ask for authority to overfly Turkey -- and according to the Convention they lard not even obliged to communicate the fact that they [ wish ] to do so . "
" Letters to the Editor , " International Defense Review , April 1974 , p. 240 .
That assertion apparently is false .
Art. 23 of the MontreUx Convention obliges Turkey to specify corridors for civil aircraft and permit them free passage , " provided that they give the Turkish Government , as regards occasional flights , a notification of three days . "
Military overifights are not addressed .
24 .
There is no consensus among authorities concerning just what it would take to " break " an embargo .
OPEC 's determination might actually be strengthened if this country seized a small fraction of that cartel 's total production facilities , say enough to satisfy modest U.S. import requirements alone .
Much greater pressures might have to be applied before OPEC'S members cracked .
25 . The United States operates sufficient refineries to process domestic production , plus about half its imports .
The residue amounts to roughly 3 million barrels a day .
Venezuela could handle 1.2 million in the Maracaibo area .
Facilities in the Dutch Antilles , Virgin Islands , Bahamas , Trinidad and Tobago , which are outside OPEC , could refine the remainder , if they chose to cooperate .
International Economic Report of the President , Washington , U.S. Govt. Print .
Off. , March 1975 , p. 154 .
26 . The Suez Canal reopened on June 5 , 1975 , but prospects are poor that it would remain active in event of an OPEC embargo .
27 . Norfolk arbitrarily serves as a median point , although it is a naval base , not a petroleum port .
Tankers actually discharge cargo at terminii from Texas to Massachusetts .
28 . Admiral Thomas H. Moorer , former Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and Admiral Elmo R. Zumwalt , Jr. , for example , both warned that " it is dangerous for the United States now to deploy , in a bilateral confrontation with the Soviet Union in the Eastern Mediterranean , its fleet because the odds are that the fleet would be defeated in a conventional war . "
NBC radio and television program , " Meet the Press , " June 30 , 1974 , ( transcript , p. 6 ) .
Other authonties assert that the foregoing case is overstated , but nearly all concede that the danger would be considerable .
29 .
One school of thought suggests that the Shah , recalling Soviet steps to unseat his father , would never traffic that way with the Kremlin .
Others conclude he would have little choice if this country occupied Iranian oilflelds , his chief source of power .
30 . Negotiations for the full nationalization of Aramco assets are presently in progress .
31 Production from fields at Qatif and Dammam would be surplus to our stated needs , but distribution and terminal facilities in those locations would have to be secured in any case
32 . Petroleum tankers average about 15 knots per hour .
That translates into 33 hours steaming time to cover 500 miles round trip .
33 . Production in the Saudi core is 6.5 million barrels a day .
Refinery capacity on site is 0.7 million .
The United States could .
handle 3.5 million over and above domestic production if " sweet " and " sour " problems were solved ( see discussion with table 9 ) .
Roughly 1.7 million barrels a day would have to be refined elsewhere .
Caribbean States ( less Venezuela ) might handle 1.1 million , while Europe processed the rest .
34 .
It seems inconceivable that this country would rescue allies that failed to help themselves .
The remainder of this section therefore addresses combined efforts to offset embargoes directed against America and its maior allies , or exclusively against allies .
35 . Forty percent of Safaniyah 's 1 million barrels daily output is from offshore wells , total about 400,000 barrels .
36 . France , Greece , Iceland , Norway , and Portugal are NATO 's nonparticipants .
U.S. Congress , Senate , International Energy Program , Hearings Before the Committee on Interior and insular Affairs on a Plan for Sharing Energy Imports in Time of Emergency and Cooperating on Other Energy Programs .
93 Congress , 2d session .
Washington , U.S. Govt. Print .
Off. , 1975 , 213 pp. See pp. 72-96 of that document for verbatim text of Agreement on an International Energy Program .
Incredible discussion on race Friday , March 21 , 2008 by Dave Winer .
Yesterday 's piece about race drew some of the most loving , fun and heartfelt comments ever .
And some serious discussion about what counts as racism .
When one person says " that 's racist " but it does n't seem that way to you , the best way to tell is to flip it around .
Change black to white .
Or vice versa .
For example ...
" Maybe you think it 's unfair that this anger sometimes gets generalized to include you , when you yourself have never detained a black driver or used a choke hold to subdue someone you were arresting . "
I think it 's pretty obvious when you do the flip , the statement , even though if you parse it literally , is not demeaning to whites , an equivalent statement made about blacks , using black stereotypes , would certainly be considered offensive .
When someone says something like this in my presence I feel a twinge of pain in my stomach .
I know what it 's like to be driving in an area where the cops probably are n't friendly , or where a mugging could take place even while you 're in a car .
( It actually happened to me in Montego Bay , Jamaica .
I was mugged at knifepoint after I got lost driving a rental car . )
I do n't split hairs about what is racism or is n't .
This is a period of amnesty , no one knows how to talk about this stuff .
Yesterday candidate Obama , who I admire more every day , said his grandmother is a " typical white person . "
There were attempts to use this for political advantage , but I think by the end of this campaign we 'll laugh at how awkward this period was and how common this kind of thing is .
So what .
Are there typical white people ?
Maybe , maybe not .
But in the end , what 's the big deal .
The only way to make progress is to go through it .
I know that black people say really racist things about white people , and no one called them on it because white people could n't hear .
Same thing 's true the other way .
The difference is now we can hear .
Great .
You wanted change , right ?
This is what change is like .
It ai n't easy and not always pretty , but when you 're stuck in a rut , it 's the only way to go .
View the forum thread .
Recent stories :
Dave Winer , 53 , pioneered the development of weblogs , syndication ( RSS ) , podcasting , outlining , and web content management software ; former contributing editor at Wired Magazine , research fellow at Harvard Law School , entrepreneur , and investor in web media companies .
A native New Yorker , he received a Master 's in Computer Science from the University of Wisconsin , a Bachelor 's in Mathematics from Tulane University and currently lives in Berkeley , California .
" The protoblogger . " - NY Times .
" The father of modern - day content distribution . " - PC World .
One of BusinessWeek 's 25 Most Influential People on the Web .
" Helped popularize blogging , podcasting and RSS . " - Time .
" The father of blogging and RSS . " - BBC .
" RSS was born in 1997 out of the confluence of Dave Winer 's ' Really Simple Syndication ' technology , used to push out blog updates , and Netscape 's ' Rich Site Summary ' , which allowed users to create custom Netscape home pages with regularly updated data flows . "
- Tim O'Reilly .
Dave Winer
My most recent trivia on Twitter .
In a time of increased competition and uncertainty , standing out is more important than ever .
Of course there ’s plenty of B2B marketing that stands out , but what kind performs ?
Is it ads , content marketing , SEO , social , ABM or influence ?
At TopRank Marketing we make it our business to deliver on and exceed expectations for content experiences that will inspire customers through influencer marketing .
But what does award - winning B2B influencer marketing look like ?
How can you infuse your own campaigns with the type of powerful elements that combine to deliver stellar marketing performance ?
To help answer those questions , let ’s take a look at two highly - successful efforts from our clients LinkedIn and Alcatel - Lucent Enterprise ( ALE ) to find out what common elements both campaigns share to make for decidedly uncommon success .
Features
js2-mode
M-x customize
M-x customize
M-x customize - group RET js2 - mode RET
js2-mode
Accurate syntax highlighting
js2-highlight - level
Infinity
__proto__
decodeURIComponent
Function
Date
Array
js2-mode
( setq js2-use-font-lock - faces t )
M-x customize - variable RET js2 - use - font - lock - faces RET
t
Asynchronous highlighting
js2-mode
prototype.js
Missing highlighting
js2-mode
{ javascript - expr}
Indentation
cc-engine
cc-engine
c-offsets - alist
{context - name : indent - level}
indent - level
c-basic - offset
c-basic - offset
cc-engine
cc-engine
cc-engine
c-offsets - alist
js2-mode
c-mode
java-mode
c-offsets - alist
c-guess - basic- syntax
js2-indent.el
doomed- indent.el
js2-indent-test.el
doomed - indent - test.el
( blah , blah , blah )
( blah ,
blah , blah )
(
blah ,
blah ,
blah )
( blah ,
blah ,
blah )
(
blah ,
blah , blah )
doomed- indent.el
js2-mode
cc-engine
parse - partial - sexp
if
while
finally
cc-engine
python-mode
Other Stuff
Code folding
menu - bar - mode
Comment and string filling
Syntax errors
Strict warnings
jsdoc highlighting
@whatever
@return { SomeType} my return value
If this is n't good enough for you ...
js2-<datestamp>.el
Wrap -Up
Like being drunk but hate drinking ?
Well , why drink ?
At the GAT FOG exhibition that took place way back in 2004 ( we just found out about it , OK ? ) , there was a contraption set up in a big room that pumped out Gin and Tonic fog .
Yes , seriously .
This insanely dangerous sounding experience was " art , " apparently .
Would inhaling gin fog get you drunk ?
Would inhaling tonic fog give you lung cancer ?
Would you leave completely sticky and smelling like a hobo ?
I 'm not sure , and I do n't think I want to find out .
[ Marti Guixe via NotCot ]
Advertisement
const ( FAQ )
D's const / immutable system is unique , and so there are a lot of questions about it .
People often express frustration with const and immutable in D 2.0 and wonder if it is worth it .
It makes function interfaces more self - documenting .
Without transitive const , for all pointer / reference parameters one must rely on the documentation ( which is always missing , out of date , or wrong ) .
Note that without transitivity , C++ const is nearly useless for such self - documentation , which is why C++ programmers tend to rely on convention instead .
It makes for interfaces that can be relied upon , which becomes increasingly important the more people that are involved with the code .
In other words , it scales very well .
People who are involved with projects with large teams of programmers say that lack of const makes their lives difficult because they cannot rely on the compiler to enforce convention .
The larger the team , the worse it gets .
Managing APIs is critical to a large project - it's why BASIC does n't scale ( for an extreme example ) .
Const transitivity makes for some interesting optimization opportunities .
The value of this has not been explored or exploited .
Here 's the biggie .
Points 1..3 are insignificant in comparison .
The future of programming will be multicore , multithreaded .
Languages that make it easy to program them will supplant languages that do n't .
Transitive const is key to bringing D into this paradigm .
The surge in use of Haskell and Erlang is evidence of this coming trend ( the killer feature of those languages is they make it easy to do multiprogramming ) .
C++ cannot be retrofitted to supporting multiprogramming in a manner that makes it accessible .
D is n't there yet , but it will be , and transitive const will be absolutely fundamental to making it work .
Of course , for writing single - threaded one man programs of fairly modest size , const is not particularly useful .
And in D const can be effectively ignored by just not using it , or by using D 1.0 .
The only place const is imposed is with the immutable string type .
It will be mathematically sound .
That means there are no legal escapes from it .
Any type can be wrapped in a struct and the resulting struct can still exhibit the same const behavior - in other words , no magic behavior for certain types .
Const behavior will be transitive .
Const behavior for type T will be equivalent for all types T .
Transitive const means that once const is applied to a type , it applies recursively to every sub -component of that type .
Hence :
const ( int *)** p ; p += 1 ; *p += 1 ; **p += 1 ; ***p += 1 ;
With transitivity , there is no way to have a const pointer to mutable int .
C++ const is not transitive .
Head const is where the const applies only to the component of the type adjacent to the const .
For example :
headconst ( int **) p ;
would be read as p being a : const pointer to mutable pointer to mutable int .
D does not have head const ( the headconst is there just for illustrative purposes ) , but C++ const is a head const system .
Tail const is the complement of head const - everything reachable from the const type is also const except for the top level .
For example :
tailconst ( int **) p ;
would be read as p being a : mutable pointer to const pointer to const int .
Head const combined with tail const yields transitive const .
D does n't have tailconst ( the keyword is there just for illustrative purposes ) as a distinct type constructor .
Logical const refers to data that appears to be constant to an observer , but is not actually const .
An example would be an object that does lazy evaluation :
struct
Foo { mutable int len ; mutable bool len_done ; const char * str ; int length ( ) { if ( ! len_done ) { len = strlen ( str ) ; len_done = true ; } return len ; } this ( char * str ) { this .str = str ; } } const Foo f = Foo( " hello " ) ; bar( f.length ) ;
The example evaluates f.len only if it is needed .
Foo is logically const , because to the observer of the object its return values never change after construction .
The mutable qualifier says that even if an instance of Foo is const , those fields can still change .
While C++ supports the notion of logical const , D does not , and D does not have a mutable qualifier .
The problem with logical const is that const is no longer transitive .
Not being transitive means there is the potential for threading race conditions , and there is no way to determine if an opaque const type has mutable members or not .
Reference : mutable : bitwise vs. logical const
Readonly has a well established meaning in software to mean ROM , or Read Only Memory that can never be changed .
For computers with hardware protection for memory pages , readonly also means that the memory contents cannot be altered .
Using readonly in D to mean a read only view of memory that could be altered by another alias or thread runs counter to this .
http://bugs.sun.com/bugdatabase/view_bug.do?bug_id=4211070
C++ has a const system that is closer to D's than any other language , but it still has huge differences :
const is not transitive no immutables const objects can have mutable members const can be legally cast away and the data modified const T and T are not always distinct types
Immutable Strings
Since most ( nearly all ? ) function parameters will not be modified , it would seem to make sense to make them all const by default , and one would have to specifically mark as mutable those that would be changed .
The problems with this are :
It would be a huge break from past D practice , and practice in C , C++ , Java , C# , etc .
It would require a new keyword , say mutable .
And worst , it would make declarations inconsistent : void foo ( int * p ) { int * q ; ... } p points to const , and q points to mutable .
This kind of inconsistency leads to all sorts of mistakes .
It also makes it very hard to write generic code that deals with types .
Using in can mitigate the ugliness of having to annotate with const :
void str_replace ( in char [ ] haystack , in char [ ] needle ) ;
A static class member is part of the global state of a program , not part of the state of an object .
Thus , a class having a mutable static member does not violate the transitive constness of an object of that class .
Immutable data , once initialized , is never changed .
This has many uses :
Access to immutable data need not be synchronized when multiple threads read it .
Data races , tearing , sequential consistency , and cache consistency are all non-issues when working with immutable data .
Pure functions can only accept immutable parameters .
When doing a deep copy of a data structure , the immutable portions need not be copied .
of a data structure , the immutable portions need not be copied .
Invariance allows a large chunk of data to be treated as a value type even if it is passed around by reference ( strings are the most common case of this ) .
Immutable type provides more self - documenting information to the programmer .
Immutable data can be placed in hardware protected read - only memory , or even in ROMs .
If immutable data does change , it is a sure sign of a memory corruption bug , and it is possible to automatically check for such data integrity .
Immutable types provide for many program optimization opportunities .
const acts as a bridge between the mutable and immutable worlds , so a single function can be used to accept both types of arguments .
Energy dominated the first of two days of talks between the leaders
The agreement came as part of a plan by South America 's two biggest economies to extend defence and energy projects .
It was announced after talks in Buenos Aires between Argentine President Cristina Fernandez and her Brazilian counterpart , Luiz Inacio Lula da Silva .
Brazil would export electricity to Argentina in the winter months ahead amid shortage fears , Mr Lula said .
" We 're going to launch a satellite jointly and develop a nuclear project , " said Mr Lula .
He added that the venture would " serve as an example in this world , ablaze with the temptation to build up arms and with political and ideological intolerance " .
Each country currently has two operating nuclear plants , and both have signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Bolivian gas dispute
The two leaders see the joint nuclear project as a way to increase energy supply while raising their profile on the international stage , says the BBC's Americas editor Warren Bull .
But while energy issues dominated the first of two days of talks , the two presidents did not refer directly to a dispute over the ratio of Bolivian gas supplied to the two countries .
La Paz currently prioritizes its exports to Brazil , its biggest client , which imports 30 million cubic metres of Bolivian natural gas per day .
Argentina imports a maximum of 7.7 million cubic metres per day from Bolivia , and would like a bigger share .
There are fears it could suffer from acute energy shortages during the southern hemisphere 's winter months ahead .
It is hoped the issue will be resolved during a joint meeting with Bolivian President Evo Morales on Saturday .
Researchers at the Yerkes National Primate Research Center , Emory University , have identified a language feature unique to the human brain that is shedding light on how human language evolved .
The study marks the first use of diffusion tensor imaging ( DTI ) , a non-invasive imaging technique , to compare human brain structures to those of chimpanzees , our closest living relative .
The study will be published in the online version of Nature Neuroscience .
To explore the evolution of human language , Yerkes researcher James Rilling , PhD , and his colleagues studied the arcuate fasciculus , a pathway that connects brain regions known to be involved in human language , such as Broca 's area in the frontal lobe and Wernicke 's area in the temporal lobe .
Using DTI , researchers compared the size and trajectory of the arcuate fasciculus in humans , rhesus macaques and chimpanzees .
According to Rilling , " The human arcuate fasiculus differed from that of the rhesus macaques and chimpanzees in having a much larger and more widespread projection to areas in the middle temporal lobe , outside of the classical Wernicke 's area .
We know from previous functional imaging studies that the middle temporal lobe is involved with analyzing the meanings of words .
In humans , it seems the brain not only evolved larger language regions but also a network of fibers to connect those regions , which supports humans ' superior language capabilities . "
" This is a landmark , " said Yerkes researcher Todd Preuss , PhD , one of the study 's coauthors .
" Until DTI was developed , scientists lacked non-invasive methods to study brain connectivity directly .
We could n't study the connections of the human brain , nor determine how humans resemble or differ from other animals .
DTI now makes it possible to understand how evolution changed the wiring of the human brain to enable us to think , act and speak like humans . "
###
For more than seven decades , the Yerkes National Primate Research Center , Emory University , has been dedicated to conducting essential basic science and translational research to advance scientific understanding and to improve the health and well - being of humans and nonhuman primates .
Today , the center , as one of only eight National Institutes of Health 's funded national primate research centers , provides leadership , training and resources to foster scientific creativity , collaboration and discoveries .
Yerkes - based research is grounded in scientific integrity , expert knowledge , respect for colleagues , an open exchange of ideas and compassionate , quality animal care .
Within the fields of microbiology and immunology , neuroscience , psychobiology and sensory - motor systems , the center 's research programs are seeking ways to : develop vaccines for infectious and noninfectious diseases , such as AIDS and Alzheimer 's disease ; treat cocaine addiction ; interpret brain activity through imaging ; increase understanding of progressive illnesses such as Parkinson 's and Alzheimer 's ; unlock the secrets of memory ; determine behavioral effects of hormone replacement therapy ; address vision disorders ; and advance knowledge about the evolutionary links between biology and behavior .
I know you were n't being entirely serious .
But , more seriously , why did you feel compelled to give the unicode code points and the long names of the characters you used ?
Did n't you trust the chain between you and me to preserve all those lovely characters ?
If you go back a few years and look at CACM and SIGPLAN papers from the 60's and 70's you 'll see a curious thing .
The programs are typeset .
They do use × for multiplication ; quite often identifiers were typeset in bold ( or keywords were ) meaning that variables names could be the same as keywords ( since they were typographically distinct ) .
« if if > then then then = else else else = fi fi » was correct ALGOL ( I think ) .
You 'll have to fill in the bold , since I do n't trust this blog with it . ;)
BCPL does in fact use ¬ in its " publication form " , how you type this into your terminal on your computer facility was always a matter for local interpretation .
I once used ( and in fact , wrote the help for ) an ML system which printed the keyword « fn » as λ ( this was in 1994 when something like that was quite radical ) .
It was quite amusing .
By MATTHEW HICKLEY
Last updated at 13:00 26 January 2008
White men have been banned from fire brigade recruitment sessions because bosses want to hit their diversity targets .
Four out of five " open " days held by Avon Fire Service were restricted to women and ethnic minorities .
Critics last night accused the West Country brigade of discrimination .
An MP said the move would fuel resentment and undermine race relations .
Avon 's bosses insist their ban on white men is simply " positive action " .
Scroll down for more ...
Back in October , the same brigade demoted a fire crew who shone their torches at four men they found having sex in bushes .
The decision sparked an outcry from critics who claimed it was politically correct madness .
In the latest incident , five " have - a - go " days at the brigade 's Bristol HQ were set up to allow potential job applicants to try out firefighting equipment .
They also had the chance to chat to staff and learn more about selection tests ahead of an application deadline next week .
Two of the six - hour sessions have been limited strictly to women and ethnic minorities .
Another was for women only and a fourth was laid on exclusively for ethnic minorities .
Only today 's event is open to everyone , allowing white men to attend .
Philip Davies , Tory MP for Shipley in West Yorkshire , said : " This sort of thing just makes people 's blood boil and does more damage than good to race relations in this country .
" How would people react if women and black people were banned from an open day ?
" I do n't care whether the fire service is only made up of ethnic - minority women - as long as they are the best people at fighting fires .
" If the chief fire officer is so concerned , he should give up his job to an ethnic minority woman instead of depriving other white men of a job . "
One Avon fireman , speaking anonymously , warned that the targeted recruitment drives were ' not helpful ' and would cause resentment .
" It has a very negative effect on everyone , " he added .
" When you see people from black and ethnic communities the first thing you think is 'has he or she only got the job because of their minority origin ? "
" It 's not helpful to them as they may also feel that this is the case .
Open , across - the - board recruitment is the only way to stop this . "
Avon officials said they were trying to recruit women and ethnic minorities because 97 per cent of their 921 staff were white men .
Kevin Pearson , the brigade 's chief officer , said : " I totally refute the allegation that Avon Fire Service is engaged in any form of positive discrimination .
" It is unlawful and we would n't do it .
We are doing what we can to encourage applications from women and minority groups who are currently under - represented in the fire service .
" It is my concern to improve diversity so the service reflects the community it serves and we can provide the best possible service .
" But that positive action stops at the point of selection .
Once someone has applied , they are selected on merit . "
He said Avon was aiming for 15 per cent of its staff to be female and 3 per cent to come from ethnic minorities .
The Equality and Human Rights Commission said the fire brigade appeared not to have broken any equality laws .
While positive discrimination between candidates is illegal , a spokesman said , encouraging applicants from particular groups is not .
Avon Fire Service said 103 women and ethnic minority hopefuls had attended the three restricted open days held so far .
The women - only event was attended by 47 , the ethnic event by 28 , and the joint women and ethnic event by 28 .
The final event , also joint , will be held today .
Yesterday 's session , which was open to all , attracted 179 people within the first 90 minutes .
The open days , along with all other recruitment information , were advertised on the brigade 's website .
Avon and Somerset Police were embroiled in a race row two years ago when the force rejected 186 white applicants at the first stage of selection .
The force received 800 applications for just 180 jobs and admitted it had " deselected " white male applicants in a bid to increase ethnic diversity .
Chief Constable Colin Port was forced to apologise .
There are currently 81 users online .
0 members and 81 guests
Most users ever online was 5,699 , 01-25-2020 at 01:56 PM .
Valve has announced an agreement with Rockstar Games to make Rockstar 's entire PC game catalog available for digital download through its Steam content delivery service .
Titles now available for download includeand
The agreement between Rockstar and Valve is similar to one Rockstar recently announced with IGN Entertainment 's digital retail store , Direct2 Drive .
Said Rowan Hadaj , head of finance and corporate development of Rockstar Games , " We were immediately excited by the opportunity to offer our PC catalog via Steam because it allows us to reach out to gamers around the world in exciting new ways .
We are continually looking for ways to give back to our fans and this collaboration will give people a chance to easily revisit some of our greatest titles . "
Good evening .
How are you ?
I hope you 've had a good weekend .
As promised , I 'm ready to give you the low - down on yesterday 's glamorous gala opening of the ECHO PARK TIME TRAVEL MART .
Let me get right to the good stuff with a few photos , all of which will open up to 800 pixel width when you click on them .
( This will come in handy on the product shots . )
Is n't that a lovely marquee ?
Do n't you love the pseudo - gold - leaf 826LA ?
And the nice stripes on the wall ?
Even the freezer signs are custom made .
Now , let 's browse the shelves :
Back on September 30th , 2006 at 11:09 AM , Mac was the person who first contacted me about the store , based on a kind recommendation from Sam Potts , who designed the Superhero Supply Co. in Brooklyn .
( Please come visit us in L.A. , Sam , so I can actually meet you and say Thank you ! )
Back then Mac said that the store would open in December 2006 and if I could blitz through a few designs for them .
Ha !
Of course , then everything dragged out , which is just as well .
I managed to squeeze a little work into the interim --- this entire site , for example , and the book about it .
His actual words were " I 'm wondering whether you'd be at all interested in doing a little design for us .
A couple product lines , maybe ?
I should tell you up front that the work would have to be pro bono , but that it 's also fun , rewarding , exciting , for a good cause , etc . "
Of course I said YES !
ABSOLUTELY !
Who would ever say no to designing a Time Travel Store , for crying out loud ?
Could anything be more up my alley ?
[ Note :
If you 're reading this and you 're working on a high - end shoe store , on a sexy fashion label , an airline identity , or a line of artisanal chocolates or cheeses ... do call ! ]
Anyway ... time travel ?
Hell yes !
My one condition was this : I 'd do the job , as long as I 'd be the exclusive designer for the store .
( Sorry , [ name withheld ] . )
I freely admit that I 'm a glory hound , and a whore for attention in general .
I wanted design dominion over that store , and the 826 team were kind enough to grant my wish .
I hope they 're happy with their decision .
I know I am .
( Thank you for everything , Mac & Amy ! )
So there you go .
Lastly , let me show you the pride and joy of the Echo Park Time Travel Mart --- our very own ICEE machine :
Sadly , it conked out just minutes before the opening event , but it 'll be rockin ' and rollin ' for the full opening on January 15th , 2008 .
In the meantime everybody had a good time wandering the aisles and enjoying the company .
Since this is Los Angeles , let me share the sightings : I saw Catherine Keener , Rhea Perlman , Mike White , Spike Jonze , Jenny Lewis , Zooey Deschanel and --- be still my heart --- Natalie Portman .
I heard that we also had Ted Danson , Jason Bateman and the excellent Michael Cera in the store .
Needless to say , I did n't speak to any of the celebs , or make so much as eye contact .
I would n't know the first thing to say .
Maybe Vulcans got into the whole telepathy thing because they 're shy , too .
It kinda sucks , but what can you do ?
I 'm working on it .
Still ...
Natalie Portman checked out a whole bunch of my designs and the very thought pleases me .
Tee - hee !
( Or should I say gleyven ? )
I did briefly get to say Hello to Dave Eggers , who 's kind of cute , I suppose , but it 's just not the same .
( Sorry , Dave . )
We opened the store for another few hours earlier today , and I got to greet a few more of my friends .
Thank you to all of you who came to visit last night and today .
I hope you had a good time , and that you picked up some time - shifty stocking stuffers .
If you did n't have a chance to be there , you can check out the store at the Monster Book Launch Party on March 1st .
In the meantime , why not buy a few holiday gifts at 826LA 's online Holiday Sale ?
So there you have it .
The Time Travel Store !
It 'll be closed until the grand re-opening in January , so Scott can finish the build , and I 'll do a few more product designs , too .
In the meantime , here is a seven minute video walkthrough that I captured for you just minutes before the doors officially opened .
It 's full of glorious ambient noise and random background conversation .
Hell , it even has a cameo by Mac Barnett .
I hope you 'll enjoy it .
( Revver truncated the video at 5 minutes and 45 seconds .
I guess there was just too much nudity and cursing in the last minute and 15 seconds .
You 'll just have to imagine it , I guess . )
You do know , do n't you , that 344 LOVES YOU
Long considered a modern invention , animation has apparently been lying about its age .
A 5,200 - year - old bowl found in Iran ’s Burnt City in the 1970s features a series of five images that researchers have only recently identified as being sequential , much like those in a zoetrope .
Giving the bowl a spin , one would see a goat leaping to snatch leaves from a tree , as seen in the video clip below .
The remarkable piece of pottery was unearthed from a burial site by Italian archaeologists , who had n’t noticed the special relationship between the images that adorned the circumference .
That discovery was made years later by Iranian archaeologist Dr. Mansur Sadjadi , who was later hired to direct the excavation of The Burnt City , located 57 kilometers from the city of Zabol in the southeastern Iranian province of Sistan - Baluchestan .
While no one questions the early instance of animation , researchers have been at odds over the significance of the earthenware bowl ’s artwork .
It was originally thought to depict the goat eating from the Assyrian Tree of Life , but archaeologists now assert that it predates the Assyrian civilization by a thousand years .
Iran ’s Cultural Heritage , Tourism and Handicrafts Organization ( CHTHO ) and director Mohsen Ramezani have created an 11 - minute documentary on the discovery .
A ceremony celebrating the film ’s completion was held on Sunday in Iran .
NAJAF , Iraq ( Reuters ) - Iraqi Shi’ite cleric Moqtada al - Sadr called on his followers on Sunday to stop battling government forces after a week of fighting in southern Iraq and Baghdad threatened to spiral out of control .
A crackdown on Shi’ite militants in the southern oil port of Basra has sparked an explosion of violence that has risked undoing the past year ’s improvements in Iraq ’s security .
“ Because of the religious responsibility , and to stop Iraqi blood being shed ... we call for an end to armed appearances in Basra and all other provinces , ” Sadr said in a statement given to journalists by his aides in the holy Shi’ite city of Najaf .
“ Anyone carrying a weapon and targeting government institutions will not be one of us . ”
Sadr ’s statement appeared aimed at averting a full - scale confrontation between his followers and Iraqi and U.S. forces that would plunge southern , mainly Shi’ite Iraq into chaos .
It was not clear what effect Sadr ’s call would have on the violence , but there appeared to be a lull in fighting in Basra and the southern city of Nassiriya , Reuters reporters said .
The declaration seemed to take his followers by surprise .
“ We are now making phone calls to headquarters , ” a low - level Mehdi Army commander in Baghdad ’s Sadr City who gave his name as Abu Haidar told Reuters .
“ We do n’t know what to do .
If we carry guns the government will oppose us , but if we put them down , the Americans will come , surround our homes and capture us . ”
A U.S. military spokesman Lieutenant - Colonel Steven Stover said there were clashes in Baghdad after Sadr ’s order , including three incidents in which U.S. forces opened fire from helicopter gunships , but some parts of the capital seemed quieter .
“ I would say it is quieter , but our fighting is not done yet , ” he said .
“ We are not targeting any specific groups , but if someone is committing a violent act or about to commit a violent act then we will engage . ”
U.S. and British forces have become more deeply embroiled in the fighting , which has exposed a rift in Iraq ’s Shi’ite majority between parties in Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki ’s government and Sadr ’s populist movement .
Sadr ’s followers have accused Maliki and the Supreme Islamic Iraqi Council , his most powerful Shi’ite ally , of trying to crush them ahead of provincial elections due in October in which they are expected to make a strong showing .
‘ RANDOM ARRESTS ’
Slideshow ( 11 images )
Sadr ’s statement was the result of behind - the - scenes talks between the Sadrists and the ruling Shi’ite Alliance mediated by former Prime Minister Ibrahim Jaafari , Shi’ite politician Ahmed Chalabi and Sunni Arab parliament speaker Mahmoud Mashhadani .
Chalabi told Reuters Sadr ’s statement was “ the key to stopping the bloodshed in Basra ” but the government also had to stop targeting Sadrists .
In his statement , Sadr called for an end to “ random arrests ” of his followers and for them to benefit from an amnesty law passed by parliament in February aimed at freeing thousands of prisoners from Iraqi jails .
Slideshow ( 11 images )
The government welcomed Sadr ’s statement but said it would press on with its campaign for control over Basra , which is divided up among various militias and criminal gangs .
“ The statement by Moqtada al - Sadr is a step in the right direction , ” Maliki said .
Government spokesman Ali al - Dabbagh said the operation would continue “ until it achieves its goals ” .
He said Iraqi troops focused on hunting down criminals , not Sadrists .
Scores of people have been killed in clashes in southern Iraq and in Shi’ite neighborhoods of Baghdad .
Authorities lifted an indefinite curfew in Baghdad with effect from 6:00 a.m. ( 11 p.m. EDT on Sunday ) on Monday .
Cars remain banned in three districts , however .
Maliki , in Basra to oversee the six - day - old operation , has given Shi’ite fighters until April 8 to turn over their weapons in return for cash .
Sadr aide Hazem al - Araji told journalists : “ The weapons of the resistance will not be delivered to the Iraqi government . ”
Shortly after Sadr ’s statement , a salvo of rockets or mortars was fired at the Green Zone diplomatic and government compound in central Baghdad .
The U.S. military has blamed rogue Mehdi Army militiamen for similar barrages in the past week .
But in Nassiriya a Reuters reporter said clashes had stopped and Mehdi Army fighters were seen withdrawing from the streets .
In Basra , there were sporadic clashes in the old city but otherwise there appeared to be a lull in the violence , a Reuters reporter said .
An official in Sadr ’s office there , Ali al - Sinidi , said the cleric ’s order was being implemented .
Iraqi government forces have struggled to drive well - armed Mehdi Army fighters off the streets of Basra and British and U.S. forces have had to intervene .
Several days ago we reported that your not - so - average green citizen Mike Turner improved his 15 year old car to get 95 MPG .
As seen in the article , he ’s made some pretty radical improvements to his car .
Besides his upgrades , Mr. Turner is a ‘ hypermiler ’ , meaning that he gets the most miles per gallon out of his car that he physically can .
Today we thought we ’d take a look at some of these hypermiling techniques .
1. Car maintenance
Key parameters to maintain are tire pressure , tire balance and wheel alignment , and proper motor oil weight and level .
Equally important is the proper maintenance of the Engine Control Module and all sensors it relies on to control engine operation such as oxygen sensors .
2. Minimizing mass
Do n’t haul around unnecessary luggage in your car .
3. Speed
Maintain an efficient speed ( varies by car ) .
4. Acceleration ( including braking )
Accelerate gently .
Brakes should be avoided whenever possible .
5. Pulse and glide ( Warning : can be dangerous )
Pulse and glide is a method where the driver accelerates to a given speed , and then glides .
This is best accomplished with a manual transmission .
Of course , this is just the basics .
For more , you might need a special trainer as some of the techniques can be dangerous .
Mohamed Fikry traverses the globe , buying industrial food - processing equipment .
In the process , he ’s become an American Airlines executive platinum club member , closing in on nearly 5 million miles traveled .
Last July , American Flight 136 from Los Angeles International Airport to London ’s Heathrow Airport began as just another trip for Fikry .
The 53 - year - old Pasadena resident boarded the plane and changed from business attire to a sweat suit in one of the lavatories before settling into Seat 13 J at the back of business class .
There , he ate a few bites of a Bristol Farms ham sandwich and cookies , took a sleeping pill and washed it down with two glasses of wine .
Before dozing off , he spoke briefly with a flight attendant .
“ I saw you on the tram before , ” she told Fikry .
“ It ’s possible , ” he replied , thinking the two might have crossed paths .
He briefly wondered what she meant by the “ tram . ”
He routinely rides shuttle buses to and from parking garages , but “ tram ” is a word usually applied to employee buses .
A few minutes later , when the woman sitting next to him went to the restroom , the attendant returned and took the empty seat .
Could she trouble him for one of his business cards ?
“ Sure , ” he said .
The plane took off as scheduled .
Minutes later , he was asleep .
Fikry awoke to the Boeing 777 descending .
His watch read 11 p.m. , just 4 1/2 hours into the flight .
“ You could n’t make it to London on the Concorde in that time , ” he recalled thinking .
The woman next to him said they were making an emergency landing because the plane was low on fuel .
But on the ground , there was no sign of emergency personnel or equipment to greet a stricken plane .
The pilot announced to the more than 200 passengers that they were at John F. Kennedy International Airport in New York City and to stay in their seats because of an unspecified emergency .
A dozen law enforcement officers boarded the plane .
They stopped at Fikry ’s seat .
“ Get all of your belongings , we are unloading your luggage , get off the plane , ” one said .
“ What would you say to the officers ? ” Fikry said later .
“ Of course , you are going to say yes . ”
What happened next would become a lead story on TV newscasts around the country .
The reports said the flight had been diverted because a passenger was able to circumvent security screening in Los Angeles .
The incident came days after an intelligence report had warned that Al Qaeda had reconstituted and represented as great a danger to the United States as any since the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 .
Hours after Fikry was detained in New York , U.S. Homeland Security Chief Michael Chertoff went on the “ Today ” show to talk about the case , saying a man was in custody after he boarded a plane posing as an American Airlines employee .
The “ person of interest ” was Fikry .
Despite all the time away from home and the occasional hassles , Fikry enjoyed his life as a globe - trotting businessman .
A native of Cairo , Fikry runs an international trading company that specializes in buying and trading food - processing machinery , a job that regularly takes him to Asia , Central America , Europe and the Middle East .
He liked the bustle of airports , where he could people - watch and pick up casual conversations with fellow passengers .
Flying also was a pleasure , as personal as family .
“ It was always a greeting by my surname , ‘ Mr. Fikry , ’ ” he said .
“ They knew that I did n’t eat the airline food .
They joked I could n’t handle gourmet . ”
Over the years , he had become friendly with some of the American Airlines workers who served him on various flights .
“ People knew I had two homes , in the L.A. area and Egypt , ” he said .
“ They knew about my family .
I knew about their families or significant others .
It was very , very personal . ”
But the 9/11 attacks -- and the increased airport security that followed -- dramatically changed his travel routine .
Ten days after the attacks , Fikry was returning from Chicago when a woman mistook sketches of a meat grinder he was reviewing as notes detailing aircraft emergency exits .
The FBI interviewed him at length before clearing him .
Whenever he flew , he could count on disapproving looks from fellow business - class passengers and extra time in the security line as officers searched his belongings .
Once onboard , Fikry decided not to use the restroom near the cockpit for fear it might arouse suspicion .
He even shortened his first name to Mo after finding that his given name was putting too many people off .
“ I did not commit a crime for being Mohamed , ” he said .
“ But I have to be Mo . That says it all .
It ’s the price of belonging to your own heritage . ”
Over the last two years , the situation at airports began to improve for Fikry .
He sought refuge at American Airlines ’ elite Admiral ’s Club , a private lounge for high - profile fliers .
He once again felt embraced by the familiar faces of his airport connections .
Then came the flight from LAX to London .
With federal agents hovering over him and his plane grounded at JFK , Fikry walked past his fellow passengers , who stared as he exited the aircraft .
He said he felt ashamed .
Still groggy from the sleeping pill , Fikry was held in the jetway for about an hour .
The officers , who included FBI agents and New York police detectives , took his passport before questioning him about his travel plans and frequent flights .
“ They mentioned Cairo several times and focused on my travels to the Middle East , ” Fikry said .
“ I told them it was because I have family and conduct business there . ”
Agents told him that a flight attendant claimed that she saw him on a tram for American Airlines employees .
She feared that he had somehow circumvented security to get on the flight , they told him .
He asked to speak with the attendant .
A few minutes later , she came into the jetway .
“ Did you , at any time during the bus journey , have a conversation with me ?
Did we exchange eye contact ?
Or did I make any gesture you remember ? ” he asked .
She replied no , he said .
After boarding , “ Did n’t you say I was a good passenger to have on a flight ? ”
Fikry asked her .
She answered “ indeed you were , ” then left the jetway .
The agents escorted Fikry to the seating area next to the gate .
Still groggy , he lay down -- head against his duffel bag -- and again fell asleep .
He awoke two hours later .
It was about 4 a .m .
He was surrounded by agents .
“ They were looking at me as if I was the son of Osama bin Laden , ” Fikry said .
“ It was a horrible and humiliating feeling . ”
He received police escorts to the lavatory .
One watched the door .
Another stood over him .
Over the next few hours , agents checked out Fikry ’s alibis .
They learned that he had in fact parked in the regular lot , gotten his ticket at the counter , gone through security and even spent some time at American ’s Admiral ’s Club before boarding the plane .
By noon , agents told him he was free to go .
Slowly the story began to spread , with officials telling the media that the passenger had indeed gone through regular security channels .
Even though he felt a measure of vindication , Fikry said the experience left him dazed , disappointed -- and incredulous about how the word of one flight attendant could count against him with no supporting evidence .
“ It was purely based on appearance , heritage and my name , ” he said .
FBI and American Airlines officials deny this , saying their people handled the incident properly .
FBI spokeswoman Laura Eimiller said that although most reports of suspicious activity are “ resolved with no charges brought , ” it was the bureau ’s “ responsibility to investigate reports by citizens of suspicious activity . . . particularly in a period of heightened awareness when the FBI has called for a vigilant public . ”
Through a spokesman , American Airlines said it had investigated what happened and found “ no reason to think that our flight attendant was motivated by any improper motive or that her actions resulted from anything other than an honest case of mistaken identity . ”
American declined to make the attendant available for an interview .
The spokesman , Tim Smith , said the carrier had “ attempted to address the inconvenience Mr. Fikry experienced by arranging , at our expense , for upgraded travel on American for the balance of his itinerary to Europe and back to California . ”
Fikry continued to travel on American Airlines , including flights to Costa Rica , Mexico , Panama , the Philippines , the Netherlands , Italy and Egypt .
But he was a different traveler .
He was much more cautious about avoiding misunderstandings .
He stopped striking up conversations with strangers in the next seat and bringing his laptop on the plane .
Even in the Admiral ’s Club , he tried to keep his head down and mind his own business .
On Sept. 26 , he boarded Flight 136 from Los Angeles to London -- the same flight on which he was detained in July .
He even sat in the same seat .
He was relieved that the flight went smoothly .
But he was also disappointed that while the crew seemed at ease with him , they chose not to apologize for the way he had been treated .
He brooded .
In December , he asked his attorney to send a letter to American demanding an apology , further compensation for the lost time waiting at JFK and a discussion of ways to prevent others from being treated the same way .
As he waited for a response , he continued to fly American Airlines .
By January , he was only 50,000 miles shy of amassing 5 million .
Reaching the milestone was important to him -- bragging rights for a man who had spent a large chunk of his life in the air .
Though there is no specific reward for accruing 5 million miles , under American ’s rules , passengers with Fikry ’s mileage level are eligible for automatic upgrades and other perks .
A January trip from Tokyo to Los Angeles would close the gap further .
Fikry settled into his seat in business class .
Then his eyes met those of the flight attendant who had accused him back in July .
She was serving passengers in his part of the cabin .
He noticed other flight attendants looking in his direction , appearing to point and whisper .
“ I felt like a caged animal at the zoo , ” he said .
" [ I was ] the guy who grounded Flight 136 .
I felt it was like a parade , and everybody was looking at the king clown . ”
Because of their history , Fikry requested that the flight attendant be moved out of first class .
When he got no response from an attendant whom he knew , he moved himself into coach to avoid being served by his accuser .
“ It was as if I was the profile and not the person , ” he said .
“ It was degrading , and if I was Mr. Smith and not Mr. Fikry , it would n’t have happened . ”
Smith , the American Airlines spokesman , declined to discuss the Tokyo incident , adding that the airline believed Fikry was satisfied with its response to his complaints .
As for Fikry ’s December letter , Smith said the airline strongly disagrees that Fikry was in any way discriminated against .
When Fikry got home , he decided to stop flying American , resigned to the fact that he ’d never get to 5 million miles .
andrew.blankstein@latimes.com
By PAUL SIMS
Last updated at 00:23 01 March 2008
' From success to disaster ' : Jerome Drean
A City trader tried to help a struggling economics student through his degree by sitting the exams for him .
Jerome Drean , 34 , who earned hundreds of thousands a year as a financial markets expert , took the tests for Elnar Askerov for the thrill of it .
Paid thousands over 17 months , the Credit Suisse worker used a fake ID card to get into the exam hall .
Their scam succeeded eight times , even though the pair did not closely resemble each other .
Drean is a pale , slight Frenchman , while 23 - year - old Askerov , from Azerbaijan , has a heavy build and darker skin .
The ruse was discovered in one of Askerov 's final exams in May , when a lecturer spotted Drean and questioned him at the end of the exam .
After initial denials , Drean eventually admitted the fraud and the pair were arrested .
Police later uncovered past exam papers said to have been completed by Askerov , on which Drean 's fingerprints were found .
Simon Kealey , prosecuting , told York Crown Court the pair met when Drean , of Islington , London , had helped Askerov to study for his A - levels .
By January 2006 , they agreed that Drean would travel from his London home to the University of York to sit Askerov 's Economics and Finance exams .
Mr Kealey said : " Drean had taken the exam as a favour but then sat several others at £ 500 and £ 750 per exam .
" His wife told him to stop , but Askerov pleaded with him to continue and increased the fees , paying up to £ 2,000 per exam .
He did not want to let his friend down . "
Defending Drean , Robert Smith QC told the court the plot had destroyed his life .
Drean had resigned from Credit Suisse and lost his career .
He had been forced to move to a smaller house , causing distress to his pregnant wife , and sell several expensive cars .
He said : " This man 's life has turned from success to disaster .
He will never work for a major bank again . "
Mr Smith explained that although Drean was a brilliant academic excelling in maths , he had difficulty in social situations and had Asperger syndrome .
A medical report confirmed that he was " profoundly influenced " by his disorder .
For Askerov , Alexander Cameron QC said : " He is not particularly bright academically but is a decent young man .
" He plainly felt pressure from his family to achieve . '
Askerov was planning to return home to Azerbaijan without any qualifications , he added .
The pair were ordered to pay the money earned to the court , as it was acquired through criminal means .
Drean and Askerov admitted a single charge of conspiracy to defraud the University of York between January 2006 and May 2007 .
They pleaded not guilty to charges of using the fake ID with intent .
These will lie on file .
Sentencing them both to a nine - month suspended prison sentence , Judge Stephen Ashurst said : " I do not accept that Drean did not know what he was doing was wrong .
" There was a risk - taking , thrill - seeking element to it . "
He added : " The court simply does not know how serious a problem examination fraud of this kind may be .
" If it is widespread , it erodes the confidence the public can have in academic degrees and is deeply offensive for the thousands of diligent students who do work hard . "
In the same exam , two other students were convicted of cheating .
Qiu Shi Zhang persuaded friend Xian Zhang to sit the exam .
They admitted fraud and were sentenced to 100 hours of community service .
That liberals dominate the faculties of American universities would seem to be a settled question .
But anyone still harboring doubts can now look at faculty support for this year 's presidential candidates .
Barack Obama is the clear favorite .
According to the Chronicle of Higher Education , he had received , by the end of last year , almost a third of the funds donated by faculty and administrators nationwide .
The Daily Princetonian , meanwhile , found that , as of last month , not a single Princeton employee had given money to a Republican .
The faculties of Harvard , Stanford and Columbia were slightly more balanced , with more than 80 % of donations at each institution going to Democrats .
In recent years a number of conservatives and a few honest liberals have tried to figure out why this political lopsidedness persists .
A forthcoming volume on the subject from the American Enterprise Institute will contain a report from two scholars -- Matthew Woessner of Penn State , Harrisburg , and his wife , April Kelly - Woessner , of Elizabethtown College -- called " Left Pipeline : Why Conservatives Don't Get Doctorates . "
Using data from UCLA 's Higher Education Research Institute , which surveys students at the beginning and end of their college careers , the couple ( he a conservative , she a liberal ) made some surprising discoveries .
One might assume , for instance , that because conservatives on campus live in a culturally hostile environment , they might be less satisfied with their undergraduate experience and decide not to pursue a Ph.D. as a result .
But in fact , the two scholars found that conservatives report a slightly higher rate of satisfaction with college than liberals do .
Liberals might then jump to the conclusion that conservatives do n't go on with their education because -- insert George W. Bush crack here -- they 're just not bright enough .
In fact , however , self - described conservatives and liberals have about the same grade - point average .
( The moderates score lowest on this academic scale . )
Conservatives might in turn suggest that the real key to determining who goes on to a doctorate is faculty mentorship .
Professors encourage their closest students to pursue an academic career and write them strong recommendations for graduate school .
Perhaps a liberal faculty member would be less likely to take a conservative under his wing .
The study 's authors found this point to have some validity , with conservatives less likely to meet with a professor outside of class and less likely to be involved in conducting research .
But the differences are still rather small and not enough to " account for all of the observed difference in educational ambitions between liberals and conservatives . "
By Alexander Bolton and Klaus Marre
The House voted Thursday to hold White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten and former White House counsel Harriet Miers in contempt of Congress for refusing to testify before a panel investigating the firing of several United States attorneys .
Ahead of the vote , Republicans had walked out in an effort to show that they want to work on a permanent update to the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) rather than be part of a “ partisan fishing expedition , ” as House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - Ohio ) put it .
The contempt vote raises the stakes between the White House and Congress in the battle over the fired U.S. attorneys and could set up a constitutional showdown between the legislative and executive branches . Â
The matter will now be referred to the U.S. attorney for the District of Columbia .
( Original Article )
Jewish World Review Feb. 12 , 2008 / 6 Adar I 5768
In Canada , the Schiavo case with an outrageous twist By Jonathan Rosenblum
An elderly Orthodox Jew is on life support .
His children have adamantly opposed his removal from the ventilator and feeding tube , on the grounds that Jewish law expressly forbids any action designed to shorten life .
If their father could express his wishes , they say , he would certainly oppose the doctors acting to deliberately terminate his life .
The director of the ICU told the children that neither their father 's wishes nor their own are relevant , and he would do whatever he decided was appropriate
http://www.JewishWorldReview.com | A Winnipeg case currently winding its way to its grim conclusion pits the children of Samuel Golubchuk against doctors at the Salvation Army Grace General Hospital .
According to the pleadings , Golubchuk 's doctors informed his children that their 84 - year - old father is " in the process of dying " and that they intended to hasten the process by removing his ventilation , and if that proved insufficient to kill him quickly , to also remove his feeding tube .
In the event that the patient showed discomfort during these procedures , the chief of the hospital 's ICU unit stated in his affidavit that he would administer morphine .
Golubchuk is an Orthodox Jew , as are his children .
The latter have adamantly opposed his removal from the ventilator and feeding tube , on the grounds that Jewish law expressly forbids any action designed to shorten life , and that if their father could express his wishes , he would oppose the doctors acting to deliberately terminate his life .
In response , the director of the ICU informed Golubchuk 's children that neither their father 's wishes nor their own are relevant , and he would do whatever he decided was appropriate .
Bill Olson , counsel for the ICU director , told the Canadian Broadcasting Company that physicians have the sole right to make decisions about treatment  even if it goes against a patient 's religious beliefs  and that " there is no right to a continuation of treatment . "
That position was supported by Dr. Jeff Blackner , executive director of the office of ethics of the Canadian Medical Association .
He told Reuters : " [ W ]e want to make sure that clinical decisions are left to physicians and not judges . "
Doctors ' decisions are made only with the " best interest of the individual patient at heart , " he said , though he did not explain how that could be squared with the undisputed claim that this patient would oppose the doctors ' decision .
Meanwhile , an Angus Reid poll of Canadians showed that 68 % supported leaving the final decision with the family .
The claim of absolute physician discretion to withdraw life - support advanced by the Canadian doctors would spell the end of any patient autonomy over end - of - life decisions .
So - called living wills , which are recognized in many American states , and which allow a person to specify in advance who should make such decisions in the event of their incapacity , would be rendered nugatory .
EVEN THOSE who would not wish to be maintained in a state of unconsciousness , and who do not share the religious beliefs of the Golubchuk family should fear the claim of moral omniscience made by Canadian doctors  and not just because Josef Mengele was a doctor .
As Professor Richard Weikart chillingly details in " From Darwin to Hitler : Evolutionary Ethics , Eugenics , and Racism in Germany " , Mengele 's experiments on " inferior " Jewish children for the benefit of the Master Race have to be viewed in the context of German Social Darwinism in the seven decades leading up to the Nazi takeover .
In Weikart 's estimate , a majority of German physicians and scientists subscribed to the naturalistic Darwinian world view and ideas that constituted a sustained assault on the traditional Judeo - Christian concept of the sanctity of life .
Among those ideas are the claim that there is no fundamental distinction between humans and animals ; human beings do not possess a soul that endows them with any rights or superiority to any other species ; within the species homo sapiens , there are " inferior " and " superior " individuals , and inferior and superior races ; and it is the iron will of nature that the species should evolve through the survival of the superior members and the death of the inferior .
Darwin's cousin Francis Galton founded the modern eugenics movement on the basis of Darwinian arguments , and nowhere did eugenics catch on with greater enthusiasm than in Germany ( though many prominent intellectuals in the United States , England and France were also enthusiastic supporters . )
In Germany , many took the next step  from eugenics to involuntary euthanasia for the mentally ill and other defectives .
TAKE ACTION !
Yes , this story is outrageous .
So do something .
Please click HERE to send a note or offer your help .
Ernest Haeckel , one of the most influential 19th - century German biologists , whose faked drawings of developing human embryos allegedly recapitulating the evolutionary path still feature prominently in college biology texts , argued for the killing of the mentally ill , lepers , those with incurable cancer , and cretins .
As a safeguard , he too recommended a committee of physicians to pass judgment .
Alfred Hoche , a professor of psychiatry at the University of Freiburg , justified shortening an inferior life if the insights gained would save better lives .
" By giving up the conception of the divine image of humans under the influence of Darwinian thinkers , " writes Hans - Walter Schmuhl , mainstream German thinkers came to view human life as " a piece of property " to be weighed against other pieces of property .
JUST AS Nazism gave anti-Semitism a bad name , so too did it discredit Social Darwinism .
But just as anti-Semitism has reappeared , so has the assault on the concept of the sanctity of life .
That assault is not limited to Princeton ethicist Peter Singer 's defense of infanticide , euthanasia and bestiality on explicitly Darwinian grounds .
Global warming activists speak of the duty not to reproduce , and view human beings as the enemy of nature 's order .
So much for the view of man as the crown of creation .
In place of the sanctity of life , we now speak of the " quality of life "  a term that explicitly assumes that some lives are worth more than others .
There is even talk of the " duty to die " and clear the way for higher - quality lives , which is why the American Association of People with Disabilities has been actively involved in so many cases dealing with the doctors ' right to terminate medical care .
The rage for medical rationing in Canada , of which the Golubchuk case is but one example , derives from a desire not to waste resources on low - quality lives .
It would be a bitter irony if Percy Shulman , a Jewish judge in Winnipeg , were to grant Dr. Bojan Paunovic the right to end Samuel Golubchuk 's life on the grounds that it lacks the requisite quality .
Every weekday JewishWorldReview.com publishes uplifting stories .
Sign up for the daily JWR update .
It 's free .
Just click here .
Comment by clicking here .
JWR contributor Jonathan Rosenblum is founder of Jewish Media Resources and a widely - read columnist for the Jerusalem Post 's domestic and international editions and for the Hebrew daily Maariv .
He is also a respected commentator on Israeli politics , society , culture and the Israeli legal system , who speaks frequently on these topics in the United States , Europe , and Israel .
His articles appear regularly in numerous Jewish periodicals in the United States and Israel .
Rosenblum is the author of seven biographies of major modern Jewish figures .
He is a graduate of the University of Chicago and Yale Law School .
Rosenblum lives in Jerusalem with his wife and eight children .
© 2008 , Jonathan Rosenblum
The Swedish prosecutor HÃ¥kan Roswall has announced the charges against four individuals involved with The Pirate Bay .
The four , aged 23 to 37 , are being charged with " assisting copyright infringement " of 4 software applications , 9 films and 22 music tracks .
“ The operation of The Pirate Bay is financed through advertising revenues .
In that way it commercially exploits copyright - protected work and performances , ” said prosecutor Hakan Roswall in a statement .
The prosecution claims the site generates annual ad revenue of more than $ 3 million , a figure that was taken completely out of context , according to Pirate Bay admin Brokep .
Roswall consequently asks the court for a $ 188,000 fine for the four individuals – Fredrik Neij ( “ TiAMO ” ) , Gottfrid Svartholm ( “ Anakata ” ) , Peter Sunde ( “ Brokep ” ) and businessman Carl LundstrÃ¶m – and the confiscation of their computers .
Among the works that were mentioned in the charges are “ Let It Be ” from the Beatles and Harry Potter ’s “ The Goblet of Fire ” .
In addition the four face up to 2 years in prison , but this is very unlikely based on the evidence gathered by the authorities .
The plaintiffs , including Warner Bros. , Colombia Pictures , 20th Century Fox , Sony BMG , Universal and EMI have until the end of February to file claims for damages .
In a response to the charges , Pirate Bay co-founder Peter Sunde ( “ Brokep ” ) told TorrentFreak : “ We ’re of course interested in seeing the outcome of the case , and we welcome that they want to try to criminalize something we already know is legal . ”
The legal investigation started almost two years ago , after the controversial raid on the Pirate Bay in May 2006 .
At the time the Swedish police confiscated 180 servers , most of which had nothing to do with TPB .
Last December the investigation finally came to an end , resulting in 4,000 pages of legal paperwork .
The users of the site do n’t have to worry that the site will be taken offline though , no matter what the court decides .
“ In case we lose the pending trial ( yeah right ) there will still not be any changes to the site .
The Pirate Bay will keep operating just as always .
We ’ve been here for years and we will be here many more , ” Sunde said .
As we wrote earlier today , The Pirate Bay is not hosted in Sweden anymore .
In fact , the Pirate Bay crew claims that they themselves have no idea where the servers are located .
After the raid on their servers in 2006 , they decided that it was better not to know where they are .
One thing is sure though , they are not hosted in just a single country .
Responses
Spokesman for pro-file sharing group PiratbyrÃ¥n , Magnus Eriksson , said : “ The Pirate Bay is not going to be down for a single minute .
The Pirate Bay is now established in a number of countries , so there ’s no one place in which to push the off button ”
Ludvig Werner , chairman of the Swedish arm of the IFPI said : “ The Pirate Bay operation has caused massive financial damage to rights holders .
The profiteers behind The Pirate Bay have no interest in free speech , and they are not running The Pirate Bay because they love music and films .
They are totally mercenary and are driven by the desire for personal wealth . ”
According to Heise , Magnus Eriksson is not so sure any of the Pirate Bay crew will be convicted : “ It ’s not very likely ” he said .
“ In the course of the investigation there have been attempts to bring up various things that The Pirate Bay has supposedly been guilty of .
Before it was financial crime , and now this accessory thing seems to be the last straw for the prosecutor ”
John Kennedy , chairman and chief executive of the IFPI said : “ The operators of The Pirate Bay have always been interested in making money , not music .
The Pirate Bay has managed to make Sweden , normally the most law abiding of EU countries , look like a piracy haven with intellectual property laws on a par with Russia . ”
This article has been updated
London Tube Smartcard Cracked
Looks like lousy cryptography .
Details here .
When will people learn not to invent their own crypto ?
Note that this is the same card — maybe a different version — that was used in the Dutch transit system , and was hacked back in January .
There ’s another hack of that system ( press release here , and a video demo ) , and many companies — and government agencies — are scrambling in the wake of all these revelations .
Seems like the Mifare system ( especially the version called Mifare Classic — and there are billions out there ) was really badly designed , in all sorts of ways .
I ’m sure there are many more serious security vulnerabilities waiting to be discovered .
Posted on March 14 , 2008 at 7:27 AM • 64 Comments
So I e-mailed Greg Rybarczyk from Hit Tracker , and this post was made possible by him .
I can't say it any stronger than this :
Thank you , Greg .
The Toyota promotion that I told you about before , I know now , is impossible to attain .
It 's a fabrication created by the Reds and Toyota , so just know the next time you go to Great American that the truck in center is a huge advertisement , and nothing more .
As Greg says ,
It might as well be on the moon .
This is Greg 's full statement :
Bottom line , do n't hold your breath .
I marked it at 502 feet horizontally and 65 feet above field level .
On a calm , 70 degree day , a player would have to hit the ball at 134.5 mph off the bat , which is beyond the realm of possibility using MLB baseballs and MLB bats .
With a 15 mph tail wind and a 90 degree day , a hit of 122.7 mph would reach the truck .
That is in fact possible by someone like Alex Rodriguez , or maybe Wily Mo Pena , but I doubt a lefty could hit one that hard in that direction .
Also , at 500 horizontal feet from home plate , that 's quite a lucky shot to go in just the right direction .
And by the way , last year one home run was hit at GABP in wind of 15 mph or greater .
It just does n't get that windy at game time there ...
The Reds need to gamble a little and put the truck where it can be reached ( check where the Royals have a truck in LCF ) .
Update [ 2008-3-26 13:19:51 by boobs ] :
Here 's a link to a photo of what he 's talking about .
( Thanks again to C . Trent for the pic . )
Greg continues :
So what if someone hits it , it 's not that expensive , and will draw lots of interest .
As it is , no one 's going to think twice about it , it might as well be on the moon ...
Let me know if you want some more details on this , and I am more than happy to be quoted as saying this is not going to happen , or more words to that effect .
If the Reds want to move it , I 'd be glad to help them figure out the odds , I have consulted on a couple new ballpark designs where I helped analyze fence heights based on home run data ...
Let me remind you that Adam Dunn and Ken Griffey Jr. are lefties .
They are never , ever , going to hit the ball 550 feet to center field .
Greg added this in another e-mail :
Oh , forgot to say , the wind - aided ( i.e. the all but impossible ) homer would fly 551 feet , if it made it back to field level .
The non -wind - aided one ( i.e. the totally impossible one ) would fly 541 feet .
And since April 2006 , no one has cleared 500 feet according to Hit Tracker , and the ones that got past 490 were wind or altitude aided ...
Bummer , looks like the truck will just grow old up there ...
Let me repeat that :
This home run would have to fly at the very least 541 feet , which has n't been approached in any ballpark in the time that Hit Tracker has been in operation .
That time : the past two and a half years , or the past 5,000 + games .
Bottom line , this thing is never going to happen .
This is nothing more than a big red billboard in center field , and I hope everyone knows it .
If the Reds move it to a more plausible location , then so be it , but as it sits , no one is ever going to win a Toyota Tundra from Great American Ball Park brought to you by Toyota .
Final note : I 'm going to e-mail some people about this ( the Reds , Toyota , etc . )
I think a few of them will get back to me , and I 'll let you know how they respond .
-- Rick
Update [ 2008-3-26 13:32:3 by boobs ] : I just heard back from a representative of the Reds .
Here 's what she had to say :
Rick ,
Thank you for your email .
I will make sure it gets passed on to the appropriate people .
While we recognize that the truck is hard / impossible to hit , please know that we will be giving away the truck at the end of the season to a lucky Reds fan .
Thanks , Kate Petach
Update [ 2008-3-26 13:14:31 by boobs ] :
Thanks to C .
Trent for picking up on this .
You can check out his post at http://1530homer.com/pages/ctrent.html
Sorry , no permalink .
Update [ 2008-3-26 15:7:58 by boobs ] : Eamonn , a friend who posts at AOL Fanhouse , has a post up about the truck .
Thanks to Eamonn .
Update [ 2008-3-26 16:43:12 by boobs ] :
Thanks also to Will at Deadspin for his post on the subject .
As he claims , " If anyone at Yankee Stadium this year hits a home run that goes through our apartment window , we will give one lucky fan $ 500 and a package of leftover Peeps from Easter .
Also :
We will sell our soul to Satan . "
I 'm willing to chip in to the pot .
If anyone from any team hits the truck during a game where it sits today , I will give one lucky Red Reporter my car , a 2004 Honda Civic with 37,000 miles and a sunroof .
Update No. 5 : A small update ... received word back from Toyota , although they did n't really say anything .
Here 's the e-mail :
Coming soon to a pornographic film near you !
In an effort to promote the Internet ’s “ healthy ” development in China , the Chinese government is banning online video and audio content that contains violent , pornographic or fake material .
The rules , revealed last year , makes it clear that sites that offer various audio and video streaming service should be run by “ state - invested bodies ” .
Last week , the ministry commented on the rules : “ The Internet in China is developing very rapidly , and there are already more than 200 million users .
It is everyone ’s common aspiration to have a good Internet environment . ”
China ’s government has used such censoring tactics to avoid creating social discontent before , often blocking access to certain sites on the Internet where dissent may happen .
In an exclusive for TNC , we contacted the Ministry of Censorship and asked them to go into more detail about the censorship surrounding pornography .
“ We believe that the explicit material currently offered on the Internet does not align with the wishes of the entire Chinese population , ” began the statement they gave our journalist , “ and as such , we will be blocking access to these sites .
“ However , we realise the important role that pornography plays in our society – namely that if a Chinese male is watching pornography , he is not having intercourse with another person , thus helping to alleviate the great overpopulation problem that our great country faces .
“ So for that reason , we will be providing state - sponsored sexually explicit material that is beneficial for our nation .
For example , all scenes in such films will be required to have a Chinese flag somewhere in the background .
“ Also , when a woman reaches climax during the process of sexual intercourse , she will be required to scream out the name of our great President Hu Jintao . ”
The ministry also had much to say about the stories that are used in the new films :
“ In our research of the current material available , we have discovered that most plot points in said pornography are immoral .
There will be no muscle - bound pool - man visiting a lonely housewife in our state - sponsored versions , as this blatant adultery is not considered appropriate .
Instead , morally acceptable stories , such as a wife showing her appreciation of her husband ’s new promotion , will be used . ”
But when asked about what type of soundtrack would be provided for the government - made pornography , the ministry gave us a short response : “ The music will not change .
‘ Boom chicka wah wah ’ is morally acceptable . ”
[ Via Reuters ]
Forum Rules
Registration to this forum is free !
We do insist that you abide by the rules and policies detailed below .
If you agree to the terms , please check the ' I agree ' checkbox and press the ' Register ' button below .
If you would like to cancel the registration , click here to return to the forums index .
Although the administrators and moderators of EQ2 Interface will attempt to keep all objectionable messages off this forum , it is impossible for us to review all messages .
All messages express the views of the author , and neither the owners of EQ2 Interface , nor Jelsoft Enterprises Ltd. ( developers of vBulletin ) will be held responsible for the content of any message .
By agreeing to these rules , you warrant that you will not post any messages that are obscene , vulgar , sexually - oriented , hateful , threatening , or otherwise violative of any laws .
The owners of EQ2 Interface reserve the right to remove , edit , move or close any thread for any reason .
Kurt Westergaard now lives under round the clock police guard
Kurt Westergaard said MP Geert Wilders should show his film , despite government warnings that this would damage Dutch interests .
He said that no Danish politician would dare to block the film .
Mr Westergaard 's cartoons in a Danish paper triggered riots by Muslims in many countries in 2006 .
' Cartoonist 's job '
" Wilders must show his film , " Mr Westergaard told the Dutch Volkskrant newspaper on Monday .
Mr Wilders is the leader of the Dutch Freedom Party
" In Denmark , we have criticism of everything : the Queen , politicians , religion ... provoking debate is the job of the newspaper and so also of the cartoonist .
Muslims have to accept that .
" A Danish politician knows that you should not limit freedom of expression , " he said .
Mr Westergaard was one of 12 cartoonists behind the Prophet Muhammad drawings , but he was responsible for what was considered the most controversial of the pictures .
The caricature - originally published in the Jyllands - Posten newspaper in 2005 - featured the head of Islam 's holiest prophet with a turban depicting a bomb with a lit fuse .
The cartoons were later reprinted by more than 50 newspapers , triggering protests in parts of the Muslim world in 2006 .
Last month , Danish police arrested three people suspected of planning to attack Mr Westergaard , who now lives under constant protection .
In response , Danish newspapers reprinted Mr Westergaard 's caricatures to show their commitment to freedom of speech .
' Inspiration for murder '
Mr Wilders originally said he would release his 15 - minute film in March , but is under pressure from the Dutch media and officials not to show it .
He has revealed that his work is entitled Fitna , an Arabic word meaning strife or discord , usually in a religious context .
The lawmaker has said it show how the Koran is " an inspiration for intolerance , murder and terror " .
Last week , the Netherlands raised its terrorism alert level to " substantial " , partly due to the expected release of the film .
At the weekend , thousands of people in Afghanistan rallied against the reprinting of the cartoons and also condemned the planned release of Mr Wilders ' film .
Mr Wilders ' project has been criticised in Iran and Pakistan .
In the past , Mr Wilders - who leads the Freedom Party - has called for the Koran to be banned and likened it to Adolf Hitler 's Mein Kampf .
Mr Wilders has had police protection since Dutch director Theo Van Gogh was killed by a radical Islamist in 2004 .
Mr Van Gogh 's film Submission included verses from the Koran shown against a naked female body .
SAN JUAN , Puerto Rico ( Reuters ) - Someone doused her make - up and clothes with pepper spray , but Ingrid Marie Rivera put on a happy face and managed to win the beauty pageant that selected Puerto Rico ’s representative in the Miss Universe contest .
The 24 - year - old from the town of Dorado was all smiles in front of the audience and judges during the competition , which ended on Friday when she beat 29 rivals .
But backstage , she had to strip off her clothes and ice down her face and body to fight swelling and hives .
Pageant officials have vowed to get to the bottom of the attempted sabotage that tainted the pageant , an event that inspires passions in the U.S. Caribbean territory .
Puerto Rico has produced five Miss Universe winners .
“ It was a lot of sacrifice , and my tears were genuine , ” Rivera told reporters at a news conference on Sunday .
“ At one point , I asked , ‘ Am I a masochist ? ’
But I said regardless of the results , this is my goal .
The more rocks there are in my path , the more thanks I will give to God for sustaining me . ”
Pageant organizers say they suspected a member of the team handling one of Rivera ’s competitors was responsible .
Magali Febles , director of the Miss Puerto Rico Universe Pageant , said the person behind the “ vile act ” was “ from inside . ”
“ I am going to investigate this until the final consequences .
When we have everything , I will announce who the person is because someone with these instincts is capable of anything . ”
Organizers also said Rivera ’s bags , containing clothing and credit cards , were stolen , and that a bomb threat called in on Thursday forced the cancellation of some preliminary events .
Police were investigating the bomb threat .
Beauty competitions are important stuff in Puerto Rico .
The ability to field a Miss Universe competitor from Puerto Rico , as well as Olympic sports teams , is a factor in the island ’s endless political debate , brought about by its status as a U.S. territory with aspects of a state and an independent country .
The events are widely watched , the winners are front page news and the local press is filled with speculation about favorites in the days prior to the competition .
It is called the TeraDisk and it is really small , like a ordinary CD / DVD .
But it ’s really huge in terms of space .
1 TB ( 1000 GB ) .
How can this be done ?
The process is easy ( or not ) .
All existing optical media record data on semitransparent layers .
A regular CD has 1 layer and a Blu - Ray disk has up to 8 .
The reason nobody can add more layers on a regular CD / DVD / Blu- Ray disk is because when the light passes through these layers it becomes distorted and by the time it reaches the final layers it becomes almost impossible to read / write on the disk .
TeraDisk achieved the 1TB limit by using 200 layers , each storing 5 GB of data .
So basically the data support stay the same ( TeraDisk will be made out of the same plexiglas like material used in other disks ) but the write / read laser technology is completely new .
They say it ’s going to be cheap and it will be available for the public in 2010 .
For more info on how this is done visit here or here .
Source : The Tech Don
Curveball : ' I Am Not To Blame ' for U.S. War in Iraq Report : Defector says he never claimed Iraq possessed WMDs .
March 24 , 2008  --
The Iraqi defector known as " Curveball , " whose fabricated stories about mobile biological weapons labs helped lead the U.S. to war in Iraq five years ago , says he is not to blame for the war and that he never said Iraq possessed weapons of mass destruction , according to a new report released this weekend in the German magazine Der Spiegel .
Curveball is still living in Germany under a new name and protection and money offered by German intelligence services .
" In all , Curveball is said to have been paid hundreds of thousands of euros .
And the BND [ German foreign intelligence agency ] may now have to cough up once again .
The intelligence service is considering giving Curveball yet another new identity , as well as one for his second wife from Morocco and for his son , who was born in Erlangen , " write Der Spiegel investigative reporters Erich Follath , John Goetz , Marcel Rosenbach and Holger Stark .
Curveball 's false tales became the centerpiece of then - Secretary of State Colin Powell 's speech before the United Nations in February 2003 , even though he was considered an " unstable , immature and unreliable " source by some senior officials in the CIA .
The CIA has since issued an official " burn notice " formally retracting more than 100 intelligence reports based on his information .
Curveball told Der Spiegel that while he did n't tell German intelligence that Iraq had weapons of mass destruction , he did provide important information in exchange for which he thinks he should be " living like a king . "
And he said if he is offered more money , he 'll tell his story all over again .
Curveball arrived in Germany in 1999 seeking asylum , and as Der Spiegel reports , quickly began talking to the German secret service about his experience working at the " Military Industrialization Commission , " which was responsible for developing new weapons .
By the beginning of 2003 , shortly before Powell would give his now infamous speech at the U.N. , the BND had passed on about 100 classified reports detailing the information they 'd received from Curveball to Washington , D.C.
That information later become the cornerstone of Powell 's speech .
Following the U.S. invasion and subsequent fall of Saddam Hussein , former U.N. weapons inspector David Kay was sent to Iraq to uncover chemical and biological weapons and labs .
Kay told Der Spiegel that once he learned that the entire weapons claim was based on just one source , Curveball , he assigned two of his staff members to investigate Curveball .
It was then , Kay told Der Spiegel , that they learned of the extent of his lies .
Curveball 's mother told Kay 's staff that Curveball did not graduate at the top of his class , as he had told the Germans , but that he barely managed to finish his education with a D average .
Even more disturbing , Curveball had told the Germans that he had worked in the weapons program until 1998 , but he was n't even in Iraq in 1998 , according to the Der Spiegel report .
Finally , Kay 's team learned that an arrest warrant had been issued for Curveball in 1998 after he was accused of stealing 1.5 million dinars ' worth of goods .
That was the real reason he left the country .
Kay told Der Spiegel that he believes German intelligence did not adequately investigate their source before passing on his information .
" That was dishonest , unprofessional and irresponsible , " Kay told Der Spiegel .
The BND for their part did not officially respond to Der Spiegel 's interview request , but a high - ranking German intelligence official is quoted as saying that the U.S. is ultimately at fault .
" We simply passed on information , no evaluations , " the official told Der Spiegel .
" The U.S. bears responsibility for what happened at the Security Council . "
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
Update 3 According to Reg readers on both sides of the Atlantic , Microsoft Hotmail and other parts of MSN are on the fritz .
Two readers in the UK and one in the US shot us emails early in the California am , complaining that Steve Ballmer and company have lost control of their servers .
" Has the rest of the world world noticed that Hotmail seems to have died today ? " asked one Brit .
" Hotmail appears to be down , " wrote another .
" All the people I 've managed to contact are having problems .
Either they can't sign in or they can't even access any MSN page .
This has been going on for at least 6 hours .
" University of Cardiff and University of West of England , Bristol are affected to my knowledge , " this reader continues , " of course there could be more . "
And there is more .
Others report that various parts of MSN , including Hotmail , are down across the US , from New York to LA .
When we emailed Microsoft 's PR firm , asking for comment on this massive outage , they said they 'd get back to us .
Then they asked if we could provide a deadline .
We told them we needed an answer about as quickly as the world 's MSN users need access to their email .
And this seemed to work .
" We are aware that some customers may be experiencing difficulty accessing their Windows Live accounts , " a Microsoft spokesperson soon wrote back .
" We ’re actively investigating the cause and are working to take the appropriate steps to remedy the situation as rapidly as possible .
We sincerely apologize for any inconvenience and disruption this may be causing our customers . " ®
Update
Microsoft has acknowledged that this MSN outage was worldwide , and it says the problem has been solved - though it wo n't say what the problem was .
" Earlier today , an issue began that has caused some consumers worldwide to experience difficulty logging in to their Windows Live ID accounts , " says Samantha McManus , Windows Live product manager .
" This issue has since been resolved and normal operations have been restored to all customers . "
Update 2
Word has just arrived from my mother : " It is 7:30 pm in Raleigh , North Carolina .
I still cannot connect with my Hotmail .
The problem has not been resolved - no matter what Microsoft says . "
There you have it .
Update 3
Just as Hotmail and Microsoft 's MSN service get back on their feet , Yahoo !'s email service is having its own problems .
It 's almost like the Microhoo ! merger has already happened .
Hotmail had problems for much of yesterday on both sides of the Atlantic .
Hotmail 's problems appear to be caused by issues around logging in to Windows Live services .
But this morning , UK time , Yahoo ! 's email service was unavailable .
No one from Yahoo ! was available for comment at time of writing .
The mind - body relationship in Pali Buddhism : A philosophical investigation by Peter Havery Asian Philosophy Vol. 3 No. 1 1993 Pp.29 -41 Copyright by Asian Philosophy
ABSTRACT
The Suttas indicate physical conditions for success in meditation , and also acceptance of a not - Self tile - principle ( primarily vinnana ) which is ( usually ) dependent on the mortal physical body .
In the Abhidhamma and commentaries , the physical acts on the mental through the senses and through the ' basis ' for mind - organ and mind - consciousness , which came to be seen as the ' heart - basis ' .
Mind acts on the body through two ' intimations ' : fleeting modulations in the primary physical elements .
Various forms of rupa are also said to originate dependent on citta and other types of rupa .
Meditation makes possible the development of a ' mind - made body ' and control over physical elements through psychic powers .
The formless rebirths and the state of cessation are anomalous states of mind - without - body , or body - without - mind , with the latter presenting the problem of how mental phenomena can arise after being completely absent .
Does this twin - category process pluralism avoid the problems of substance - dualism ?
The Interaction of Body and Mind in Spiritual Development
In the discourses of the Buddha ( Suttas ) , a number of passages indicate that the state of the body can have an impact on spiritual development .
For example , it is said that the Buddha could only attain the meditative state of jhana once he had given up harsh asceticism and built himself up by taking sustaining food ( M.I. 238 ff . ) .
Similarly , it is said that health and a good digestion are among qualities which enable a person to make speedy progress towards enlightenment ( M.I. 95 ) .
The crucial spiritual quality of mindfulness ( sati ) , moreover , is first developed with processes of the physical body as object .
This enables mindfulness to be strengthened , before being applied to more illusive mental states .
It is also clearly stated that the attainment of jhana , meditative trance , has a marked effect on the body .
Of the first of the four jhanas , it is said that the meditator , " drenches , saturates , permeates , suffuses this very body with joy and happiness " ( M.I. 276f . ) .
On the third jhana , Buddhaghosa also refers to " the exceedingly superior rupa [ matter ] originated by that happiness associated with the group of mental states ( nama - kaya ) " ( Vism. 163 ) .
Physical and mental / spiritual states are thus seen as constantly interacting ; they are not two totally separate spheres .
As Winston King says : at any given moment of experience , body - mind represents an intimate organic unity .
For though Buddhism recognizes a polarity between mental and physical constituents of sentient beings , it never sharply divides them but on the contrary strongly emphasizes the close relationship of all mental and physical states .
( 1964 , p. 19 ) The ' Life - principle ' ( Jiva ) and the ' mortal body ' ( Satira ) The Buddha was often asked a set of questions known as the ' undetermined ( avyakata ) questions ' which included ' is the life - principle the same as the mortal body ' and 'is the life - principle different from the mortal body ? '.
The questions are said to be ' undetermined ' because the Buddha did not accept any of the views expressed in the questions .
He ' set aside ' the questions as timewasting and misconstrued .
The crucial reason that he saw them as misconstrued was that he saw them as asking about a permanent Self ( S. IV . 395 ) .
In the case of the above questions : how is a permanent Self / life - principle related to the mortal body ?
As he did not accept such a Self , he could not accept any view on how it was related to the body !
Apart from this , he also seems not to have accepted either view because he saw body and that which enlivened it as neither identical nor totally distinct .
That is , while he did not accept a permanent life - principle , he accepted a changing , empirical life - principle .
This life - principle was partly dependent on the mortal physical body , but not in such a way that the death of the body destroyed it ; this would be to deny rebirth .
The life - principle is normally sustained by ( and sustains ) the body , but it can be sustained without it , too .
The evidence for the Buddhist acceptance of a ' life - principle ' is as follows .
At D.I. 157-58 , the Buddha is asked the undetermined questions on the life - principle .
Part of his reply is that one who had attained any of the four meditative jhanas would not give either answer .
The same is then said of someone in the fourth jhana who applies his mind to ' knowledge and vision ' ( nana - dassana ) .
Elsewhere , ' knowledge and vision ' is said to consist of a series of meditation - based knowledges ( D.I. 76 - 7 ) .
The first is where one comprehends :
This body ( kayo ) of mine has form ( rupi ) , it is made from the four great elements , produced by mother and father ... is subject to erasion , abrasion , dissolution and distintegration ; this is my consciousness ( vinnana ) , here supported ( sitam ) , here bound .
This suggests that one who is proficient in meditation is aware of a kind of life - principle in the form of consciousness ( perhaps with some accompaniments ) , this being dependent on the mortal physical body .
In this , consciousness is like its synonym citta , which is said to be ' without a mortal body ( asariram ) ' ( Dhp. 37 ) but to be ' born of the mortal body ( sarira - ja ) ' ( Thag. 355 ) .
The early Buddhist understanding of the life - principle , in the context of rebirth , can be seen at D. II .
332 ff .
Here , the materialist prince Payasi feels that he has disproved rebirth as , when he put a criminal man in a sealed jar and let him die , he saw no life - principle leaving the jar when it was opened .
In order to show that this gruesome ' experiment ' does not disprove rebirth , Maha - Kassapa argues that , as the prince 's attendants do not see his life - principle ' entering or leaving ' him when he dreams , he cannot expect to see the life - principle of a dead person ' entering or leaving ' ( D. II . 334 ) .
Thus the life - principle is not denied , but accepted , as an invisible phenomenon .
Certainly , the start of life , at conception , is seen as involving the flux - of - consciousness , from a past life , entering the womb and , along with the requisite physical conditions , leading to the development of a new being in the womb : ' Were consciousness , Ananda , not to fall into the mother 's womb , would mind - and - body ( nama - rupa ) be constituted there ? '
' It would not , Lord ' .
' Were consciousness , having fallen into the mother 's womb , to turn aside from it , would mind - and - body come to birth in this present state ? '.
' It would not , Lord . '
( D. II .
62 -3 ) It can thus be seen that the life - principle referred to by Maha - Kassapa seems to be , in the main , the flux of consciousness which enters the womb at conception and leaves the body at death .
In arguing against another ' experiment ' of Payasi concerning a life - principle , Maha - Kassapa says that a body " endowed with vitality , heat and consciousness " is lighter and more pliable than a dead body , just as a heated iron ball " endowed with heat and ( hot ) air " is lighter and more pliable than a cool one ( D. II . 334-5 ) .
Moreover , only a body so endowed can be aware of sense - objects , just as a conch - shell - trumpet will only make a sound when " endowed with a man , an effort and air " ( D. II . 337-8 ) .
A third simile is that of a fire - drill which will only make fire when properly used , not when chopped up to look for the ' fire ' in it ( D. II . 340 -2 ) .
That is , the life - principle is not a separate part of a person , but is a process which occurs when certain conditions are present , namely ' vitality ( ayu ) ' ' heat ( usma ) ' and consciousness .
This life - principle complex relates to the body like heat and surrounding hot air to heated iron .
A more modern analogy might be to see it as like the magnetic - field of a piece of magnetised iron : both heat and magnetism may be a property of iron , but this does not prevent them being transferred to something else : an analogy for rebirth .
It can thus be seen that the ' life - principle ' accepted by the Suttas is a complex of ' vitality , heat and consciousness ' .
' Heat ' is a physical process , ' vitality ' consists , according to the Abhidhamma , of one ' life - faculty ' ( jivit - indriya ) which is physical , and one which is mental , and consciousness is mental .
This complex consists of conditionally arisen changing processes , which are not identical with the mortal body ( except for heat and the physical life - faculty ) , nor totally different from it , but partly dependent on it .
If the life - principle is taken as a ( non-existent ) substantial Self , it is meaningless to say that ' it ' is the ' same as ' or ' different from ' the mortal body , but if it is recognised as not - Self , then these views can be seen as actually false .
The life - principle is neither the same as nor different from the mortal body , as the relationship is that of the mingling of mutually - dependent processes .
Thus at S.I. 206 , when a nature - spirit ( yakkha ) says " ' Material shape is not alive ( na jivan ) ' say the Buddhas , then how does this [ life - principle ] find this mortal body ? " , the Buddha replies by outlining his view of the stages of embryonic growth .
As seen above , the mortal body of a person develops because consciousness , the crucial factor in the life - principle process , enters the womb at conception ; consciousness then remains supported by and bound to the body ( though meditation can lead to it becoming less dependent on the body : see below ) .
The Inter-relation of Nama and Rupa
The most common way of dividing the component processes of a person is into ' nama ' , literally ' name ' and ' rupa ' , ' form ' , ' material shape ' .
Rupa is said , in the Suttas , to consist of the ' four great elements ' , or the four ' primaries ' : solidity ( literally ' earth ' ) , cohesion ( literally ' water ' ) , heat ( literally ' fire ' ) and motion ( literally ' air ' ) , and rupa ' derived ' ( upadaya ) from these .
The Theravadin Abhidhamma enumerates the forms of ' derived ' rupa as follows : 1 - 5 : the sensitive parts of the five physical sense - organs ; 6 - 9 : visible appearance , sound , smell and taste ; 10 - 12 : the faculties of femininity , masculinity and physical life ; 13 - 14 : bodily intimation and verbal intimation ( see below ) ; 15 : space ; 16 - 23 : lightness , pliability , workableness , integration , maintenance , ageing , and impermanence of rupa , and nutritive essence ( Dhs. section 596 ) ; later texts also add the ' heart basis ' -- see below .
Of these , items 10 - 23 cannot be sensed by the physical sense - organs , but are known only by the mind ( Dhs. 980 ) , be this by inference or clairvoyance .
Apart from the occurrence of the ' four great elements ' and the various forms of ' derived ' rupa , all of which are mutually conditioning in various ways , there is no ' material substance ' : rupa is just the occurrence of these states or processes .
However , D. J. Kalupahana argues that the four primary elements can be seen as ' material substance ' as they are the underlying basis of ' derived ' matter ( 1976 , p. 100 ) .
He compares this with John Locke 's idea of material ' substance ' as an imperceptible basis which must be postulated as the ' support ' for material qualities such as hardness , shape or colour .
This comparison is inappropriate , though , for the Abhidhamma holds that the primary elements can be directly sensed , by touch ( at least in the case of solidity , heat and motion ) .
He likewise holds that citta is like a mental ' substance ' as ' mental states ' ( cetasikas ) depend on it .
But again , citta is not an unexperienceable support of that which can be experienced .
It is itself experiencable .
Having wrongly argued that the four elements and citta are like two substances , Kalupahana then wrongly interprets a text as saying that these cannot interact ( 1976 , p. 99 ) .
He cites Ask 313 , " Where there is a difference of kind , there is no stimulus .
The Ancients ( porana ) say that sensory stimulus is of similar kinds , not of different kinds . "
Kalupahana sees this as saying that mind and matter cannot affect each other , whereas the context shows that it is simply saying the the sensitive part of a sense - organ only responds to the relevant kind of stimulus ( e.g. the ear to sounds ) .
In the Suttas , nama is used to refer to all aspects of mind except consciousness itself .
In later texts , it usually also includes consciousness .
As ' name ' it essentially refers to those states which are intensional : which take an object .
According to the Abhidhamma , this differentiates all such states from the rupa states , which never take an object ( Dhs. 1408 ) .
On the other hand , states of nama ( i.e. mental states ) have no rupa , or ' form ' , ' material shape ' .
In the Abhidhamma , mental states and material states are seen as interacting from the moment of conception .
The Patthana Vol. I , pp. 5 , 8 , 9 ; see CR .
I. 5 - 11 ) holds that , at this time , states of nama and rupa are mutually related to each other by a number of conditions , the meaning of which is explained by Vism. 535 : i ) conascent ( sahajata ) condition ( the states support each other by arising together ) ; ii ) mutuality ( annamanna ) condition ( the states mutually arouse and consolidate each other , like sticks in a tripod supporting each other ) ; iii ) support ( nissaya ) condition ( the states act as a foundation for each other , as earth is a support or foundation for trees ) ; iv ) presence ( atthi ) and non-disappearance ( avigata ) conditions .
Moreover ( p. 7 ) , throughout life , mental states act as ' postnascent ' conditions for physical ones , i.e. they help to consolidate those physical states which have already arisen ( Vism. 537 ) .
The commentator Buddhaghosa explains the inter - dependence of the two at Vism.
596 .
On its own , nama lacks efficient power , for it does not eat , speak or move ; likewise rupa lacks efficient power , on its own , for it has no desire to do such things .
Each can only ' occur ' when ' supported by ' ( nissaya ) the other .
The relationship between the two is like that of a blind man ( rupa ) who carries an immobile cripple ( nama ) on his shoulders : together they can prosper .
They are like two sheaves of reeds which lean against each other and support each other ( Vism. 595 ) .
Buddhaghosa then quotes an undetermined source in support of his position :
They can not come to be by their own strength , Or yet maintain themselves by their own strength ; Conforming to the influence of other dhammas , Weak in themselves and conditioned , they come to be .
They come to be with others as condition .
They are aroused by others as objects ;
They are produced by object and condition
And each by a dhamma other [ than itself ] .
( Vism . 596-7 ) Of course , the reference to ' object ' , here , shows that the lines mainly concern nama .
The Action of the Physical on the Mental The most obvious way in which the physical affects the mental is through the process of perceiving objects .
From the Suttas it is clear that consciousness ( and other mental states ) arise dependent on sense - organ and sense - object .
A common refrain is : Eye - consciousness arises dependent on the eye and visible shape ; the coming together of the three is stimulation ; from stimulation as condition is feeling ; what one feels one cognizes ... ( e.g. M.I. 111 ) Parallel things are also said about ear - consciousness , nose - consciousness , tongue - consciousness , body - consciousness and mentation - consciousness .
M.I. 190 makes it clear that a sense - consciousness is not only conditioned by a sense - organ and its object , but also by an appropriate act of attention .
Again , in the Adhidhamma , it is clear that the arising of a sense - consciousness is not only conditioned by physical factors , but also by mental ones : the previous moments of cifra such as the bhavanga state , the latent ground state of consciousness ( Ptn. I. 312-13 , 369 ; CR .
I. 338-39 , 407 ; Vism. 458-60 ) .
That is , consciousness is dependent on physical states , but also on previous states of consciousness and other mental states .
What , though , is said of whether there is a physical basis for mind - consciousness ?
The Abhidhamma clearly specifies that there is such a basis ( vatthu ) , though it does not specify what it is .
The Patthana ( Vol. I , p. 5 ; see CR .
I. 6 ) says :
The rupa supported by which mentation - element ( mano - dhatu ) and mentation - consciousness - element ( mano - vinnana - dhatu ) occur , that rupa is related to them and their associated states by support condition ... by presence condition ... by non-disappearance condition .
Likewise it is said ( p. 72 ) : Conditioned by eye - sense - sphere is eye - consciousness ; ... conditioned by basis ( vatthu ) are ( karmically ) fruitional and functional indeterminate ( mental ) groups .
Moreover , karmically active mental states are also seen as conditioned by such a basis ( ibid ) .
However , the physical ' basis ' of mind is itself said to be dependent on mental states , from the moment of conception ( p. 70 ) .
While this basis is always a ' prenascent ' ( i.e. prior ) condition for mentation ( that which adverts to objects ) , it is not always so for mentation - consciousness ( p. 71 ) .
This must be because , at conception , mentation - consciousness is that which is transmitted from a dead person and , on entering the womb , conditions the development of a new psycho- physical organism , including mentation and the physical basis for the continuance of consciousness .
In the ongoing flow of life , the mental dhammas mutually condition each other , but are also conditioned by the physical ' basis ' ( ibid . ) .
In the later Theravada tradition , the physical ' basis ' of mind is specified as the ' heart - basis ' ( hadaya - vatthu ) ( Vism. 537 ) , and this was added to the list of types of ' derived ' rupa ( the Sarvastivadin tradition remained uncommitted as to what the ' basis ' was ) .
The heart was probably chosen as , in terms of immediate experience , many emotional states seem to be physically centred in the middle of the chest .
Certainly , many of the physical sensations associated with meditation are ' felt ' here .
The ' heart - basis ' is said to act as the ' support ' for mentation - element and mentation - consciousness - element , and to ' uphold ' them , being itself dependent on the blood ( Vism. 447 ) .
Buddhaghosa sees the ' basis ' as a tiny region of the heart ( Vism. 256 ) , and dismisses the brain as a lump of marrow in the skull ( Vism. 259 ) .
W. F. Jayasuriya , though , argues that ' heart ' is not literally meant , and that what may be referred to is the entire nervous system ( including the brain ) : which certainly is dependent on ( the oxygen supply in ) blood ( 1963 , appendix A ) .
Yet if the ' basis ' is seen as present from conception , it cannot be identified , as such , with either the heart or nervous system in their fully developed forms .
Buddhaghosa also holds that in being the ' basis ' for mind - consciousness , the heart - basis is not a ' door ' for consciousness , like eye - sensitivity ( Vism. 451 ) .
That is , it is not a place where consciousness receives content from outside ( Asl. 85 ) .
It simply supports it occurrence .
Similarly , it is not a ' door ' to setting up activity in the body , as ' bodily intimation ' and ' vocal intimation ' are ( Vism. 451 ) .
The Mind 's Action on the Body Perhaps the main way in which the mind produces effect in the body is through states of mind leading to speech and physical behaviour .
In the Theravadin Abhidhamma , the two crucial intermediaries in these situations are : i ) ' vocal intimation ' ( vaci- vinnatti ) ; ii ) ' bodily intimation ' ( kaya - vinnatti ) .
In the Dhammasangani ( sec. 596 ) , these are described as forms of ' derived ( upada ) matter ( rupa ) ' .
That is they are forms of matter dependent on the ' four great elements ' .
' Bodily intimation ' is defined ( Dhs. 636 ) as follows :
That state of bodily tension or excitement , or state of excitement , on the part of one who advances , or moves back , or fixes the gaze , or glances round , or retracts an arm , or stretches it forth : the intimation , the making known , the state of having made known a citta ( mind - moment or thought ) ... Dhs. 637 says much the same on ' vocal intimation ' .
That is , both are seen as physical states which make known a thought .
As Buddhaghosa says , they ' display intention ' ( Vism. 448 f . ) and communicate ( Asl. 82 and 87 ) .
as among states of rupa which are ' citta - born ' and ' citta - caused ' , as ' originated from citta ' .
However , the two intimations are the only kind of rupa which are said to be ' coexistent with citta ' ( Dhs. 669 ) and to ' follow after citta ' ( Dhs. 671 ) .
That is they are the only kind of material dhammas that last no longer than a moment of citta , and change in unison with citta .
In his commentary on these passages , though ( Asl. 337 ) , Buddhaghosa explains that , " in the ultimate sense " , only the phenomena on which the two intimations depend are genuinely " originated from citta " , and neither are they literally " coexistent with citta " .
This is because a cifra exists only for one seventeenth of the time a rupa dhamma lasts ( Vism. 614 ) .
In fact , Buddhaghosa sees the two intimations as only ' nominal ' dhammas ( Vism. 450 ) : they are not separate dhammas , but only aspects of other ' real ' rupa dhammas , which can be said to be genuinely ' originated from citta ' .
They are ' nominal ' in a similar way to that in which the ' impermanence ' of rupa is a nominal dhamma .
As Ask 83 explains :
Now the body originated from citta : that is not ' intimation ' .
But there is a certain alteration in the mode ( akara - vikaro ) of the primary ( physical ) elements when set up by citta , through which , as condition , the motion element is able to strengthen and agitate the conascent body .
This is intimation .
More specifically , Vism . 447 - 8 says : Bodily intimation is the alteration in the mode in the citta - originated motion element that causes the occurrence of moving forward etc. , which alteration in the mode is a condition for the tension , upholding and moving of the conascent rupa-body .
Similarly , Vism. 448 sees vocal intimation as an ' alteration in the mode in the citta- originated solidity element ' .
Thus the two intimations are seen as fleeting modulations in the ' motion ' and ' solidity ' elements , which modulations can last as long as a citta ( mind - moment ) , but not as long as other rupa dhammas .
They are ' nominal ' dhammas as they are merely modulations of other ' real ' dhammas .
Thus the mind sets up movement in the body by altering the mode of rupa produced by citta .
Non -solid mind does not so much ' bump into ' extended , solid matter , as modulate the way in which aspects of matter arise .
Note that the ' motion / air ' element might be related to the modern concept of electrical discharges in the nerves : at M.I. 185 ff. , there is reference to " airs / winds which shoot across several limbs " .
In that case , the mind would move the body by effecting the electrical modulation of nerve discharges .
The Meaning of ' Citta - originated '
The discussion still leaves the meaning of ' citta - originated ' ( citta - samutthana ) rupa states to be determined .
Dhs. 667 holds that the two intimations are always ' citta - originated ' , and that certain other rupa dhammas , including the four primary elements , may be , when they are ' born of citta ' , ' citta - caused ' ( citta - ja , citta - hetuka ) .
Does this imply that citta can actually create certain kinds of matter , or what ?
The Patthana ( Vol. I , pp. 22 - 23 ) holds that there are four ways in which a rupa dhamma may ' originate ' : by citta , by karma , and by natural physical processes related to ' nutriment ' and temperature .
Nevertheless , citta cannot ' originate ' matter on its own : citta - originated rupa arises dependent on the primary elements , and skilful or unskilful mental processes ( ibid ) .
This is because any ' derived ' rupa depends on the primary elements , and these always arise dependent on each other .
Thus the position of the Theravadin Abhidhamma seems to be that citta can produce or create certain kinds of matter , but not literally ' out of nothing ' , for ' citta - originated ' matter is also dependent on other forms of matter .
The kind of mental processes that can ' originate ' rupa are said to include : desire , energy , thought ( citta ) , investigation ( when concentrated these are the ' four bases of psychic power ' ) , volition , and meditative trance ( jhana ) ( Ptn. I , pp. 2 , 7 , 8 ) .
These act as conditions for the origination of rupa dhammas by being conascent with them ( i.e. born at the same time ) , and supporting them by their continued presence ( pp. 5 , 8 , 9 ) .
As explained by Buddhaghosa ( Vista . 624 ) : The citta - originated becomes evident through one who is joyful or grieved .
For the rupa arisen at the time when he is joyful is smooth , tender , fresh and soft to touch .
That arisen at the time when he is grieved is parched , stale and ugly .
This clearly implies that mental states effect the kind of physical states that arise in the body .
As Asl. 82 says :
When a thought ' I will move forward or step back ' occurs , it sets up bodily qualities .
Now there are eight groups of these bodily qualities : the four primaries ... and the four depending on these : colour , odour , taste , and nutritive essence [ examples of ' derived ' rupa ] .
Among these , motion strengthens , supports , agitates , moves backward and forward the conascent material body .
The Mind - made Body
While mental processes are normally seen as conditioned by physical ones , there are said to be situations where this is less so than normal .
Thus one Sutta passage , after referring to an awareness of consciousness as dependent on the physical body ( see above , life - principle section ) , refers to a meditative state in which the meditator applies himself to calling up a ' mind - made body ' ( mano - maya kaya ) :
He calls up from this body another body , having form , mind - made , having all limbs and parts , not deficient in any organ .
Just as if , O king , a man were to pull a reed out of its sheath , he would know ' This is the reed , this the sheath .
The reed is different from the sheath .
It is from the sheath that the reed has been drawn forth ' .
( D.I. 77 ) This shows that that consciousness is seen as able to leave the physical body by means of a mind - made body .
Such a body could be seen as a kind of ' subtle body ' , for a being with a mind - made body is said to feed on joy ( D.I. 17 ) , not on solid nutriment ( D.I. 195 ) : it thus lacks the four great elements of the physical body ( solidity , cohesion , heat and motion : D.I. 195 ) .
As such a body relates to the ' realm of ( pure ) form ' , the subtle matter composing it can only be visible and audible matter ( Vibh. 405 ) .
However , the mind - made body is invisible to the normal eye ( Pati . II . 209 ) .
It occupies space , but does not impinge on gross physical matter , for the ' selfhood ' of a certain god with a mind - made body is said to be as large as two or three fields , but to cause no harm to anyone ( A. III . 122 ) .
With such a body , a person can exercise psychic powers such as going through solid objects , being in many places at once , or flying ( D.I. 78 ) .
Psychic Powers
In the Suttas , there is a standard list of meditation - based ' psychic powers ' ( iddhis ) .
These include : multiplying one 's form ; going through a wall as if through space ; diving into the earth as if through water ; walking on water as if on the ground ; flying , crosslegged , through the air ( M.I. 494 ) .
The Buddha is said to have claimed that he could do these either with his mind - made body , or with his physical body of the four elements ( S.V. 283 ) .
At D. II . 89 , for example , the Buddha crosses a river by simply disappearing from one bank and instantaneously appearing on the other .
Such powers , if one is to take them seriously , clearly involve remarkable ' mental ' control of matter , whether this be the matter of one 's own body or of objects passed through , for example .
In discussing such powers , Buddhaghosa says that when , for example , diving into the earth , the earth usually only becomes water for the performer ( Vism. 396 ) , but it can also become water for others too .
This suggests that , when psychic powers are exercised by means of the ' mind - made ' body , there is no effect on ordinary matter , but that when it is done with the physical body , such matter is affected .
The late canonical text the Patisambhidamagga goes into some detail on how the powers are developed .
They require that a person has attained one of the meditative jhana states and has developed the four ' bases of psychic power ' : concentration of desire , of energy , of thought and of investigation ( Pati . II . 205 ) .
As seen above , these four states are listed in the Patthana as mental states which can ' originate ' rupa states .
To develop the power of diving through the earth , the meditator attains meditative concentration by focussing on water , then makes water appear where there is earth ( p. 208 ) .
To walk on water or fly , meditation is on earth , then earth is made to appear in water or the air ( ibid ) .
The implicit principle , here , is that by focusing on , investigating , and gaining knowledge of an element ( e.g. earth / solidity ) , one can gain power over it , and change other elements into it .
The later tradition , though , holds that all physical matter contains all four primary elements , though in different ' intensity ' .
Thus to change water into earth , the solidity element in it becomes predominant rather than the cohesion element .
All this suggests that , in the Buddhist view , the mind purified , calmed and tuned by meditative concentration has great transformative power over matter , and that the physical world is not as stable as is normally seen .
Its transformation is not seen as ' miraculous ' or super - natural , though , just super - normal .
It is done in a law - like way by drawing on the power of the meditative mind .
The Formless State However much the mind is seen as normally inter-dependent with body , Buddhism also accepts that there are levels of existence where only mental phenomena exist , with nothing whatever of rupa .
These are the four ' formless ' ( arupa ) rebirths : i ) the sphere of infinite space ; ii ) the sphere of infinite consciousness ; iii ) the sphere of nothingness ; iv ) the sphere of neither - cognition - nor - non - cognition .
They correspond exactly to four meditative states , with the same names , attainable from the fourth jhana .
The first is attained by transcending any cognition of rupa ; that is , by abandoning the metal image that was previously the object of concentration , and seeing that space is infinite .
In the second state , the focus is on the consciousness that had been aware of infinite space .
In the third , this object is dropped , and the focus is on the apparent nothingness remaining .
In the fourth , this object is dropped and the mind is in an attenuated state where it is hardly functioning ( Vism. ch. x ) .
In these rebirth realms , there are feelings , cognitions , constructing activities such as volition , and mind - consciousness .
There are none of the five forms of sense - consciousness , nor even mind - element ( mano ) ( Vibh. 407 ) .
The ' beings ' of such a level are clearly seen as totally bodiless , but this means that their mode - of - being is far from normal .
Their ' mode of personality ' ( atta - patilabha ) is said to be ' formless , made of cognition ' ( D.I. 195 ) , and their predominant awareness is of such things as infinite space .
Thus , while they can be seen as composed of mind separated from any matter , this separation leads to a transformation in their nature : mind cannot be separated from matter without this having an effect on mind .
A ' formless ' being has thoughts devoid of any kind of sense - perceptions .
The State of Cessation From the meditative sequence described above , going through the ' formless ' attainments , it is also held that a further state can be attained by a meditator .
This is the ' cessation of feeling and cognition ' , or simply the ' attainment of cessation ' .
This is an anomalous state that , by the combination of profound meditative calming , and of meditative insight , all mental states come to a complete halt .
The mind totally shuts down , devoid of even subtle feeling and cognition , due to turning away from even the very refined peace of the fourth formless level .
In this state , the heart and breathing stop ( M.I. 301-02 ) , but a residual metabolism keep the body alive for up to seven days .
Only an Arahat , the highest saint who has fully attained Nibbana , or a Non-returner , the second highest saint , can experience cessation ( A. III .
194 ; Vism. 702 ) ; they emerge from it experiencing the ' fruit ' of their respective attainment ( Vism. 708 ) .
It is thus one possible route to experiencing Nibbana .
In the Suttas , it is said that , while a dead person is without vitality and heat , and their sense - organs are ' scattered ' , a person in cessation still has vitality and heat , and his sense - organs are ' purified ' ( M.I. 296 ) .
In other contexts ( D. II . 334 - 5 ) , it is said that a living person is one endowed with ' vitality , heat and consciousness ' .
At M.I. 296 , it is notable that there is no reference to consciousness .
In the Theravadin view , as expressed by Buddhaghosa in chapter 23 of Vism . ( pp. 702 - 9 ) , cessation is ' the non-occurrence of citta and mental states as a result of their successive cessation ' ( p. 702 ) .
A person in this state is ' without citta ' ( p. 707 ) .
Not even the latent form of mind present in dreamless sleep , bhavanga , is said to be present .
A person in this state is seen as only a body , with no mental states whatever .
The philosophical problems this raises is : when the meditator emerges from this state , and mental states recommence , how does this occur ?
If there are only physical states occurring in cessation , does this mean that mind re-starts thanks to these alone ?
This issue is discussed by Griffiths ( 1986 ) , looking at the Theravadin , Sarvastivadin , Sautrantika and Yogacara views on the matter .
The Suttas emphasise that no thought ' I will emerge ' immediately leads up to emergence from the state , but that this occurs simply because the mind of the meditator has been ' previously so developed ' ( M.I. 302 ) .
For the Theravada , Buddhaghosa explains that emergence occurs due to the intention made before cessation was entered .
Cessation then lasts for a pre-determined time unless interrupted by death , the call of the monastic community , or of a person 's teacher .
Now in Buddhist Abhidhamma theory , mental states only lasts for a micro-moment before decaying and being replaced by other mental - states .
Physical states last for slightly longer moments .
If this is so , it would seem that the only way an intention can effect a future event is if it sets in train a causal chain culminating in that event , During cessation , the components of that chain can only be physical states .
This implies that it is these which lead to the emergence .
Griffiths sees this as an implication which the Theravada does not want to embrace , due to its ' dualism ' , in which mental events are not seen to directly arise from physical ones ( 1986 , p. 37 ) .
This overlooks the fact , though , that the Theravadin Abhidhamma does talk of a physical ' basis ' for mentation - consciousness and mentation - element ( see above ) .
While normally these are also dependent on prior moments of the same type , ' cessation ' is clearly not a normal - type state , and so may acceptably be seen as one in which the physical ' basis ' alone , thanks to a prior intention , leads to the arising of mentation - consciousness and mentation - element , at emergence from the state .
As even Griffiths admits , the Theravadins see at least one physical event -- death -- as leading to emergency from cessation .
This is because bhavanga , a state of citta , occurs at the moment of death , so that cessation is no longer operative then .
As to how the call of the community or a teacher ends cessation , this is not stated .
It could be either through stimulating the body to re-start the mind , or perhaps a more direct ' mental ' stimulation of the organism .
The Sarvastivadin view of emergence from cessation is that it is directly produced by the last moment of mind before entering cessation .
This is possible , in their view , because past , future and present dharmas all ' exist ' in some sense .
Thus A can directly affect B even if they are separated in time .
The Sautrantikas , on the other hand , held that the body alone leads to emergence from cessation , as it has been ' seeded ' by prior moments of mind .
The Yogacarins ( a Mahayana school ) hold that a form of residual consciousness remains in cessation .
This is the ' store - consciousness ' ( alaya - vijnana ) , a concept in some ways similar to the bhavanga citta of the Theravadins .
Conclusion Pali Buddhism 's overall understanding of the mind - body relationship is thus as follows : i)
There is a clear differentiation between dhammas which are intensional ( part of nama ) and those which pertain to material form ( rupa ) . ii )
Nevertheless , not all rupa dhammas can be sensed by a physical sense organ ; some must be inferred or clairvoyantly known : thus rupa does not refer simply to that - which - is - ( physically ) - sensed , as some have held ( Johansson , 1979 , p. 34 ) . iii )
While nama is centred on citta and rupa is centred on the ' four great elements ' , there is no dualism of a mental ' substance ' versus a physical ' substance ' : both nama and rupa each refer to clusters of changing , interacting processes .
vi )
The processes of nama and rupa also interact with each other , from the moment of conception , mutually supporting each other .
v)
For a life to begin , there must be the coming together , in the womb , of appropriate physical conditions and a flow of consciousnss from a previous life .
vi )
Life continues while there is ' vitality , heat and consciousness ' in a person , these comprising a conditioned , empirical life - principle that is neither identical with nor entirely different from the mortal body , but is ( normally ) dependent on and bound to such a body .
vii )
In the normal situation , mental processes are affected by physical ones in that the physical sense enables there to be types of consciousness that would not otherwise exist ( the five sense - consciousnesses ) , and give specific kinds of input - content to the mind ; the physical mind - basis also support the occurrence of mentation ( that which is aware of mental objects ) and mentation - consciousness .
viii )
In the normal situation , certain mental processes also lead to the origination of certain types of physical processes ( which are also dependent on other physical processes ) , and some of these ( mind - originated motion - and solidity - elements ) , in turn , may be modulated by mental processes so as to lead to specific bodily movements or vocal articulations .
ix )
Death leads to the break - up of the normal mind - body interaction , such that consciousness , and certain accompaniments , flow on to another life .
x )
Four of the many forms of rebirth are anomalous in that they remain totally free of physical form : but when there is thus nama unaccompanied by rupa , nama itself occurs in a different way from normal .
The mind cannot be simply separated from the body without it undergoing change .
xi )
Another anomalous state is that of ' cessation ' , where there is temporarily a living body and yet no consciousness whatsoever .
Again , when nama restarts after cessation , it does so in a new way , with a deeper level of insight .
A plausible route for the restarting of mental processes is the physical mind - basis. xii )
Other non-normal patterns of interaction between mind and body are found in the cases of development of the ' mind - made ' body and the exercise of psychic powers .
As in the cases of the formless rebirths and cessation , these non-normal cases are dependent on the power of meditation to bring about transformations in the normal pattern of nama - rupa interaction .
The ' mind - body ' relationship , then , is seen as a pattern of interaction between two types of processes .
The interactions which take place between these two sets of processes are part of an overall network of interactions which also include mental - mental and physical - physical interactions .
Neither the two sets , or the processes they comprise , are independent substances , for they are streams of momentary events which could not occur without the interactions which condition their arising .
Meditation has the power to alter the usual patterns of interaction into non-normal configurations , which accordingly affect the type of process - events that arise .
As I have argued elsewhere , however , the Pali Suttas ( though not later Pali material ) includes indications that the early Buddhists regarded consciousness ( vinnana ) as able to ' break free ' of the network of interactions ( Harvey , 1989 ; 1990 , pp. 61-68 , 58 ) .
Indeed , the Suttas often see personality as a vortex of interaction not between nama ( including consciousness ) and rupa , but between consciousness and nama - rupa ( D. II .
32 , 63 - 4 , S. III . 9 -10 ) .
By turning away from all objects , seen as ephemeral and worthless , consciousness could become objectless .
' It ' would then not be a limited , conditioned process , but the unconditioned : Nibbana .
Unlike the situation of cessation , this would not be the complete absence of consciousness , but the timeless experience of a ' consciousness ' which had transcended itself by dropping all objects .
REFERENCES GRIFFITHS , PAUL , J. ( 1986 ) On Being Mindless : Buddhist Meditation and the Mind - body Problem ( LaSalle , IL , Open Court ) .
HARVEY , PETER ( 1989 ) Consciousness Mysticism in the Discourses of the Buddha , in : K. WERNER ( Ed. )
The Yogi and the Mystic -- Studies in Indian and Comparative Mysticism ( London , Curzon Press ) .
HARVEY , PETER ( 1990 ) An Introduction to Buddhism : Teachings , History and Practices ( Cambridge , Cambridge University Press ) .
JAYASURIYA , W. F. ( 1963 ) The Psychology and Philosophy of Buddhism ( Colombo , YMBA Press ) .
JOHANSSON , RUNE E. A. ( 1979 ) The Dynamic Psychology of Early Buddhism ( London , Curzon Press ) .
KALUPAHANA , D. J. ( 1976 ) Buddhist Philosophy ( Honolulu , Hi , University Press of Hawaii ) .
KING , WINSTON ( 1964 )
In the Hope of Nibbana -- An Essay on Theravada Buddhist Ethics LaSalle , IL , Open Court ) .
ABBREVIATIONS
References are to the Pali Text Society 's editions , except in the case of Ptn. , where reference is to the Pali Publication Board 's edition .
A. Anguttara Nikaya : part of the Canonical Sutta collection .
Asl. Atthasalini : Buddhaghosa 's commentary on Dhs. ( qv. ) .
CR .
Conditional Relations , U. Narada 's translation of Ptn. D. Digha Nikaya : part of the Canonical Sutta collection .
Dhp. Dhammapada : part of the Canonical Sutta collection .
Dhs. Dhamma - sangani : part of the Canonical Abhidhamma .
M. Majjhima Nikaya : part of the Canonical Sutta collection .
Pati . Patisambhidamagga : part of the Canonical Sutta collection .
Ptn. Patthana : part of the Canonical Abhidhamma .
S. Samyutta Nikaya : part of the Canonical Sutta collection .
Thag .
Theragatha : part of the Canonical Sutta collection .
Vibh .
Vibhanga : part of the Canonical Abhidhamma .
Vism .
Visuddhimagga of Buddhaghosa .
~~~~~~~~
By PETER HARVEY Peter Harvey , School of Social and International Studies , University of Sunderland , Sunderland SR2 7EE , UK .
-------------------
Add a Buy / Sell / Trade Listing in Recycler 's World : Computer Scrap and Dismantling Listings Computer Scrap and Dismantling Select the material / item to buy or sell :
Select a Grade or Type Scrap Computers and Laptops Scrap CPU Units Scrap Drives Scrap Keyboards Scrap Printers Scrap Scanners Magnetic Tape Media Waste Scrap Floppy Disks CD / DVD Scrap Populated Circuit Boards Circuit Boards ( sheared flush ) Soldered Circuit Board Trimmings High Grade Circuit Board Scrap Scrap Gold Finger Trimmings Smart Card / SIM Scrap Mixed Scrap Integrated Circuits ( IC chips ) Sorted Integrated Circuit ( IC chips ) Scrap Capacitors & Tantalum Capasitor Scrap Mixed Components ( sheared or dismantled ) Unclipped Internal Wires & Connectors Scrap Clipped Internal Wires Scrap Unclipped External Wires & Cables Scrap Clipped External Wires Scrap External Connector Scrap Transformers & Transformer Windings Scrap Ink Jet Cartridges Scrap Laser Toner Cartridges Poly E~Scrap Loose Poly E~Scrap Baled Poly E~Scrap Mixed Regrind Mixed Dry Cell Battery Scrap Alkaline Battery Scrap Mixed Button Battery Scrap Gold Plated Button Battery Scrap Nickel Content Button Battery Scrap Lithium Button Battery Scrap Mixed Lithium Content Battery Scrap Lithium Ion Battery Scrap Mercury Content Battery Scrap Mercury / Silver Oxide Battery Scrap Gell Cell Battery Scrap Mixed Nickel Content Battery Scrap Nickel / Metal Hydride Battery Scrap Dry Cell NiCd Battery Scrap Wet Cell NiCd Battery Scrap Edison Battery Scrap Mixed WEEE Scrap Class B Mixed WEEE Scrap Class B 10 WEEE Scrap Class B 50 WEEE Scrap Class B 51 WEEE Scrap Class C Mixed WEEE Scrap Class C 10 WEEE Scrap Class C 50 WEEE Scrap Class C 51 WEEE Scrap Class F Mixed WEEE Scrap Class F 10 WEEE Scrap Class F 50 WEEE Scrap Class F 51 WEEE Scrap Class M Mixed WEEE Scrap Class M 10 WEEE Scrap Class M 50 WEEE Scrap Class M 51 WEEE Scrap Electronic Scrap Enter e-mail address :
Select Country :
Select Country
--------------
Canada USA
--------------
Afghanistan Aland Islands Albania Algeria American Samoa Andorra Angola Anguilla Antarctica Antigua And Barbuda Argentina Armenia Aruba Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belarus Belgium Belize Benin Bermuda Bhutan Bolivia Bosnia and Herzegovina Botswana Bouvet Island Brazil British Indian Ocean Territory Brunei Darussalam Bulgaria Burkina Faso Burundi Cambodia Cameroon Canada Cape Verde Cayman Islands Central African Republic Chad Chile China Christmas Island Cocos ( Keeling ) Islands Colombia Comoros Congo Cook Islands Costa Rica Croatia Cuba Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Djibouti Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equatorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Falkland Islands ( Malvinas ) Faroe Islands Fiji Finland France French Guiana French Polynesia French Southern Territories Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guatemala Guinea Guinea - Bissau Guyana Haiti Heard Island and Mcdonald Islands Holy See ( Vatican City State ) Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kazakhstan Kenya Kiribati Korea , North Korea , South Kuwait Kyrgyzstan Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Liberia Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macao Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Malta Marshall Islands Martinique Mauritania Mauritius Mayotte Mexico Micronesia Moldova Monaco Mongolia Montserrat Morocco Mozambique Myanmar Namibia Nauru Nepal Netherlands Netherlands Antilles New Caledonia New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Niue Norfolk Island Northern Mariana Islands Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Palestinian Territory Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Pitcairn Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Reunion Romania Russia Rwanda S Georgia and The S Sandwich Isis Saint Helena Saint Kitts and Nevis Saint Lucia Saint Pierre and Miquelon Saint Vincent and The Grenadines Samoa San Marino Sao Tome and Principe Saudi Arabia Senegal Serbia and Montenegro Seychelles Sierra Leone Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Islands Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka Sudan Suriname Svalbard and Jan Mayen Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tajikistan Tanzania Thailand Timor - Leste Togo Tokelau Tonga Trinidad And Tobago Tunisia Turkey Turkmenistan Turks And Caicos Islands Tuvalu USA Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom Uruguay Us Minor Outlying Islands Uzbekistan Vanuatu Venezuela Vietnam Virgin Islands , British Virgin Islands , U.S. Wallis and Futuna Western Sahara Yemen Zambia Zimbabwe Recycler 's World | Policies and Procedures
Advertise your company here
Advertise your company here
Advertise your company here
About Chief Executive Air
Chief Executive
Air is a full service private aviation company specializing in private jet charters .
With a unique blend of aviation expertise and world - class hospitality , a client - centric focus and exacting standards , we deliver the highest level of executive jet service while ensuring our client ’s safety and security .
Our Charter Specialists are on call 24 hours a day , 365 days a year to facilitate your private jet charter needs .
As experts in the field , we consistently provide the best executive jet services to our clients .
So whether you require a small jet for a regional trip , or a full size jet for international travel , your Charter Specialist will gladly customize your travel arrangements to suit your needs .
And with our stringent , ongoing safety requirements , every time you board an aircraft , you can fly assured that your private jet is diligently maintained , completely safe and secure , and operated by crew members that have received extensive training .
In addition , Chief Executive Air offers aircraft management services .
As a full service aircraft dealer we handle all aspects of aircraft sales and acquisitions .
So when you are ready to transition from private jet charters to owning your own aircraft , we can help you make that transition smoothly .
Fly Chief Executive
Air for the personal touch that makes flying private truly about you .
By Hugh Sykes
BBC News , Baghdad
This has been a state visit by motorcade , and mostly behind closed doors .
Mr Maliki ( r ) told Mr Ahmadinejad Iran had " helped enormously " President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad travelled from Baghdad airport to the city centre in a black BMW with a heavily armed escort .
He was welcomed by Iraqi President Jalal Talabani at his compound near the River Tigris .
They stood solemnly side by side as a band played the national anthems of each country , starting with Iran's .
The two men then walked along a red carpet , inspecting a guard of honour .
The Iranian president shook hands with members of the Iraqi government , and a young girl and boy presented him with flowers .
Later , at a news conference where his Arabic was translated into Farsi for his guest , President Talabani greeted President Ahmadinejad warmly with a double handshake and a beaming smile .
The Iranian president said he was " truly happy " to be visiting an Iraq " without the dictator " Saddam Hussein .
He did not acknowledge America 's role in his removal .
Standing back
The Americans are keeping their distance from this visit .
Security cover for the visit appeared to be chiefly Iraqi
They accuse Iran of funding and arming Shia militias here .
Asked about this and about the visit , US military spokesman Adm Gregory Smith said Washington welcomed positive influence from Iran , but added that Tehran needed to " find ways to turn around " what he termed negative influence in Iraq .
Iran says much the same about the US - before he left Tehran , Mahmoud Ahmadinejad told reporters :
" It is the American practice to present others as guilty wherever they are defeated .
Is it not funny that those with 160,000 forces in Iraq accuse us of interference ? "
The visiting president also saw Prime Minister Nouri Maliki at his offices inside the heavily fortified Green Zone .
Entering the Green Zone usually involves passing through American checkpoints , but security on the way into the zone for Mr Ahmadinejad was provided by Kurdish peshmerga forces supplied by the Kurdish Iraqi president .
Adm Smith confirmed that " ' the primary responsibility " for security during the Iranian president 's visit was Iraqi , but he said the coalition would lend " support as required " .
Symbolic visit
There has been a lot of symbolism during this visit , and not a lot of substance .
But the symbolism is important .
Iran wants to be seen to be playing a positive role in Iraq and Mr Ahmadinejad made it clear he believes Iranian and Iraqi stability are mutually dependent .
Iran also has ample instability to contend with already - to the east , across the border in Afghanistan .
And the Iraqi prime minister told Mr Ahmadinejad that Iran had " helped enormously with security and stability in Iraq " .
Iran is also helping Iraq to reduce its chronic shortage of electricity , with new transmission lines to the Iraqi national grid from power stations in Iran .
And there is something strange .
In an overwhelmingly Arab region , it is non-Arab Iran that is establishing the strongest ties with Iraq .
No comparable Arab leader has visited Iraq officially since the fall of Saddam Hussein .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Google : “ 2D barcodes are an especially exciting part of this because they allow readers to “ click ” on interesting print ads with their cellphones and seamlessly connect to relevant online content . ”
Years ago , I went out on a limb and dismissed a similar scheme thus :
“ The number of dumb things going on here exceeds my limited ability to grok all at once .
I ’m a bit overwhelmed with what a feeble business idea this is . ”
OK , more than seven years have passed .
Things have changed .
People have camera phones with web browsers now .
Some things are still the same : typing URLs is not hard , this is a monumental chicken and egg problem , and this does n’t provide any value to the consumers who are expected to install new software on their phones to go along with this ridonculous scheme .
Sometimes when the elders say to the youngsters , “ do n’t do that , we tried that , it failed , ” it ’s just because they ’re failing to notice that the world has changed .
But sometimes the elders are right , and the youngsters really are too young to know the history of the idea they think that they ’ve just invented .
I guess we ’ll get to watch to see whether the oldsters or the youngsters will win this one .
Still , it does n’t say much for the quality of those 150 people Google hires every week that they ’re now chasing some of the worst of the bad ideas of the fin de siecle .
What ’s next , GooglePetFood.com ?
The campaign has been drearily insipid ; the result a foregone conclusion .
Unlike in the US , where the presidential election remains tantalisingly open , Russia 's presidential election has been a lacklustre affair - because the man who counts has already voted .
Vladimir Putin announced last December that he was backing Dmitry Medvedev , Russia 's First Deputy Prime Minister , to be the next President .
Medvedev swiftly offered Putin the job of Prime Minister .
Ever since , the Kremlin has been using its vast administrative resources to make this happy scenario come true .
Millions of public sector workers have been told to vote for Medvedev or lose their jobs .
Additionally , zealous election functionaries are preparing to stuff ballot boxes tonight to ensure that he wins a landslide victory .
The same tactic was used in Russia 's rigged parliamentary elections in December , which saw some areas of the country , most notably Chechnya and other parts of the north Caucasus , deliver a 99 per cent vote for Putin 's United Russia party .
Turnout was an equally improbable 99.6 per cent .
Fraudulent elections have now become an established part of Russian political life - in the words of the Soviet dissident Sergei Kovalev a ' tasteless farce being played out by untalented directors on the entire , boundless Russian stage ' .
Many Russians , however , will vote willingly for Medvedev today , believing him to be decent , competent and even cuddly .
Nobody is in any doubt that Medvedev - a 42 - year - old lawyer from St Petersburg - has the only attribute that matters : Vladimir Putin 's trust .
In the run-up to today 's poll , Kremlin spin-doctors have portrayed Medvedev as a representative of Russia 's new and aspiring middle class : a modest , internet - savvy , cosmopolitan leader who holidays on the Black Sea and likes the veteran British rock band Deep Purple .
Like his friend and mentor Putin , Medvedev grew up in Leningrad , Russia 's most European city , now St Petersburg .
In an interview with the magazine Itogi , Medvedev spoke lyrically of his ordinary childhood .
His parents were university teachers .
They did n't have ' much money ' , but were n't starving either , he said , adding that his teenage dream was to own a pair of Wrangler jeans and Pink Floyd 's The Wall
Medvedev and his wife , Svetlana , were teenage sweethearts who met at school ; their son , Ilya , was born in 1996 .
He recalled working as a labourer and a snow - sweeper while studying law at Leningrad State University , where he took a PhD .
' I never strived for , or dreamed , that the world would know about me , ' Medvedev said .
In 1991 he met Putin when both worked for St Petersburg 's mayor .
But Medvedev 's real personality is a mystery .
Observers agree that , having survived the shark - pool of Kremlin politics , first as Putin 's campaign manager for the 2000 presidential elections and then as his chief of staff , he is no patsy .
He became First Deputy Prime Minister in 2005 .
His job is to oversee health , education and agriculture - all in bad shape .
The questions now are how will Medvedev and Putin work together ?
Who will dominate ?
Does Medvedev have a post -Putin agenda ?
Political analysts find it tough to explain how Russia will function from May , when Medvedev becomes the Federation 's third post -Soviet leader .
They have used words such as tandem , diarchy and dualism - all alien to Russia , which has traditionally relied on a single autocrat .
' Decisions will be made in a tandem behind closed doors , ' Boris Makarenko , deputy director of the Centre for Political Technologies , Russia 's oldest independent think - tank , said .
' We can only guess how these decisions will be made , ' he said .
Others have compared Putin 's future role to that of St Sergius , a 14th - century saint and monastic reformer who advised Moscow 's medieval prince Dmitry Donskoy on how to beat the Mongols .
Most observers believe Putin will remain the dominant figure in politics , possibly returning as President in 2012 .
Others think Putin is tired and does not really want to head the new government - aware that his popularity could rapidly vanish as the country 's multiple economic problems ( inflation , liquidity ) pile up .
Most experts believe Russia 's belligerent attitude to the West in the late Putin era is unlikely to change soon .
' Medvedev will be the same as Putin , but with a more smiley face .
The distribution of powers between the two will be so complex it would be suicidal to pursue a different agenda , ' Grigorii Golosov , a professor of political sciences at St Petersburg 's European University , said .
Asked whether Medvedev had a world view of his own , he said : ' Who knows ?
At the moment he does n't say .
Any differences with Putin are stylistic , not substantive . '
A few optimists , however , believe that Medvedev could be a progressive leader , who might even unravel Putinism .
In a speech last month in Krasnoyarsk , Medvedev said Russia desperately needed an independent judiciary and a free press .
' Freedom is better than non-freedom , ' Medvedev said , also calling for economic reforms and an end to bureaucratic corruption .
What is not clear is whether he means what he says or whether this is merely a Putin - approved ploy to assuage an international community that has grown weary of Putin 's West - bashing .
' I think there is a 50/50 chance Medvedev could turn into a real progressive leader , ' Andrei Ryabov , an expert in politics at the Carnegie Centre in Moscow , said .
' It depends on Medvedev 's political will .
It 's like in France under the Fifth Republic , back in the Sixties , when Charles de Gaulle ran an authoritarian regime .
But his successors using the same constitution were very different . '
All of this poses a problem for Gordon Brown .
Ever since the murder of the Russian dissident Alexander Litvinenko in 2006 , Britain 's relationship with Russia has been atrocious .
Should Brown pick up the phone tomorrow to congratulate Medvedev on his ' victory ' ?
Or should he wait for the next instalment of the Cold War between London and Moscow - which wo n't be long in coming - to arrive ?
Russia factfile
· More than 109 million Russians across 11 time zones can vote today for any one of four candidates .
About 96,000 polling stations are open .
· Russia is a semi-presidential republic with a population of 142 million .
It shares land borders with Norway , Finland , Estonia , Latvia , Lithuania , Poland , Belarus , Ukraine , Georgia , Azerbaijan , Kazakhstan , China , Mongolia and North Korea .
· The largest country , it covers more than an eighth of the planet 's land area and has a quarter of its fresh water .
We use cookies .
See our Privacy Policy for more information .
The key which is used to sign iPhone application has apparently leaked , posting the key itself appears to be illegal , therefore we wo n’t do it , but others have , so just Google search it .
Well , if you insist … .
Step 1 .
Lay out your hearts on a piece of parchment paper on a cookie sheet .
You can do it freeform or with a pattern .
I used a food coloring pen to make a light outline on the parchment paper ; you can also use a ( big ) cookie cutter as a guide or form .
Step 2 .
Mist with water .
That ’s a light spray , not super - soaker , got it ?
( This step is important– do n’t skip it . )
Step 3 .
Add the second layer .
Match the same outline , and try to make most of the hearts rest on at least two below .
( That will help the pile stick together . )
Careful not to slide the pieces around too much .
Step 4 .
After arranging the second layer , mist with water again .
Preheat the oven to 300 F .
Step 5 . Bake 40 minutes at 300 F .
Important :
When the time is up , turn the oven off without opening the door , and let it cool slowly in the oven over the next couple of hours .
( Your heart will break if it cools too quickly . )
Final Step .
Once cool , you can remove it from the oven and cookie sheet .
Handle gently .
“ Love You … Do Good . ”
“ How Nice ”
“ Cloud Nine ”
And here ’s how the bottom looks .
Note the incomplete fusion on the upper left side .
Before you ask how it tastes , please note that we do n’t exactly recommend that you go around eating things like this in place of actual food .
The flavor of ( raw ) conversation hearts is best described as somewhere between that of various competing chewable tablets for upset stomachs .
After baking the texture changed substantially , to something approximating that of the ultra - hard freeze - dried micro-miniature marshmallows that lurk in certain packets of instant hot cocoa .
The faux fruit flavors are now muted with subtle toasty overtones .
( Now for the record : let no one say that we do n’t make sacrifices in the name of research . )
Introduction
We often hear from readers who want to track the development process of their favorite Linux distribution but do n't know where to start .
Budding Linux enthusiasts frequently ask how the release cycles work , what the version numbers mean , and what options are available for end - user testing prior to official releases .
The answers to those questions differ depending on the distribution , but we are going to attempt to address those questions for Ubuntu , Fedora , and openSUSE — three of the most prominent desktop Linux distributions .
We will also provide a brief visual comparison of upcoming versions with screenshots of the prereleases .
Release schedules and version numbering
The mainstream desktop Linux distributions have adopted short release cycles because the open - source desktop software ecosystem tends to evolve incrementally and at a rapid pace .
Ubuntu has been very successful with a time - based six - month release cycle that loosely mirrors the GNOME development routine .
Fedora has recently adopted this strategy too , which means that ( assuming there are no changes or delays ) Ubuntu and Fedora releases will both follow GNOME even - numbered releases by one month .
Fedora increments its version number by one for each release , and Ubuntu 's version number comes from the year and month of the release ( in 8.04 , the 8 stands for 2008 and the 04 stands for April ) .
The openSUSE 9.x series had four major point releases separated by six months each , and the 10.x series had four major point releases separated by eight months each ( with the exception of the last release , 10.3 , which took ten months ) .
GNOME 2.22 , the latest version of the open - source GNOME desktop environment , was released earlier this month and will be included in the next major version of all three distributions .
Ubuntu 8.04 and Fedora 9 will both be released next month , and the release of openSUSE 11 is planned for June .
All three distros issue prereleases at various intervals during the development cycle so that users can assist with testing and so that third - party developers can port their applications .
The Ubuntu 8.04 beta and openSUSE alpha 3 were both released last week .
The Fedora 9 beta will be available for download later this week and an alpha was released last month .
Tracking prerelease builds
Prereleases give users a great way to get an early look at upcoming features .
Although prereleases lack the robustness of official releases and are n't intended for day - to - day use , they can be installed on spare partitions or in virtualized environments so that they can be tested without disrupting stable installations .
I typically prefer to use virtualization because it makes it easy to install multiple versions at once .
There are several good free virtualization solutions out there for Linux users , including VMware Server and VirtualBox .
In addition to releasing alpha and beta prereleases , the distributions also make it easy for users to actively track ongoing development by updating from development software repositories .
Fedora 's perpetual development version , which is called Rawhide , serves up daily snapshots of the latest Fedora packages .
The openSUSE equivalent is called Factory .
Ubuntu does n't have a distinct name for its development versions and just uses the codename of the release itself ( Ubuntu 7.10 is Gusty Gibbon , and 8.04 is Hardy Heron ) .
The Ubuntu equivalent of Rawhide and Factory are the Ubuntu daily CD builds .
Readers are sometimes surprised by the level of hands - on detail we provide in our coverage of Ubuntu alpha releases .
Unlike some other news sites out there , we are n't just cribbing from the release notes .
We have plenty of first - hand experience before the alphas are even released because we keep up with the dailies and test extensively throughout the entire development cycle .
Those of you who want to keep a constant finger on the development pulse of your chosen distribution can do it too in much the same way .
The distributions also all have many different mailing lists ( Ubuntu , Fedora , openSUSE ) that are very good sources of information .
There are also ways to independently track ongoing development of the major desktop environments .
The best way to track GNOME is with the GNOME Developer Kit which is based on Foresight Linux .
The Developer Kit is available as an installable ISO or VMware image , and it uses the Conary package manager to keep itself up to date with the latest development code .
The Developer Kit is particularly nice because it bundles emerging GNOME software that has n't been adopted by mainstream distributions yet and it also ships with all the software development tools you need to hack on GNOME applications .
KDE does n't have anything directly analogous to the GNOME Developer Kit , but users who want to track ongoing KDE development can use almost any major KDE distribution .
For my own KDE testing and prereleases reviews , I 've generally had the most success with openSUSE .
My friend Troy Unrau , who has written extensively about KDE for Ars , speaks highly of Mandriva as another good choice for users who want to track KDE development .
Five years ago , every textbook printed at the Al - Saadoun publishing company had to have a color photo of Saddam Hussein on the first page .
On a recent morning , the noisy printing presses were churning out thousands of booklets promoting the ideas of Shiite Muslim clerics .
That would have been unthinkable under Mr. Hussein 's regime .
For company owner Muwaffaq Abu Hamra and his prominent Shiite family , the fall of Hussein means religious freedom – the ability of more than half the nation 's population to publicly practice their faith without official persecution .
" The Americans did what we could not do : they removed Saddam , " says Muwaffaq .
" We are indebted to them for that .
But we are now close to forgetting this good deed because of the suffering of the past five years . "
The experiences of Muwaffaq 's family mirror the hardship and determination of many Iraqis since the US invasion of Iraq on March 20 , 2003 .
Muwaffaq , like many of his countrymen , today finds fresh hope in the significant drop in violence and sectarian killings over the past few months .
When asked how they expect things to be one year from now , 45 percent of Iraqis said things would be somewhat better or much better , according to the results of a poll commissioned by the BBC and ABC News and released Monday .
That 's up from 29 percent six months ago , but lower than in 2005 .
The poll shows that Shiites and Kurds are more optimistic than Sunnis .
But many Iraqis and outside analysts regard the current situation as little more than a fragile cease - fire unless the political order that has been cemented over the past five years is changed .
The inability of the Shiite - dominated government to move forward on issues ranging from sharing oil wealth to sharing power with Sunnis is blamed for fragmenting and polarizing the nation in a way never seen before in its contemporary history .
Era of free speech and religion
Few appreciate the distance Iraq has traveled in terms of political and religious freedom more than members of the Abu Hamra family , who are devout Shiites .
Behind a warren of towering concrete blast barriers , workers in their Baghdad printing plant are producing newspapers of all leanings .
In Hussein 's day , there were only state - sanctioned newspapers .
Today , there are 268 privately owned newspapers and 54 commercial TV stations .
The plant is also producing booklets and posters commissioned by an association belonging to Shiite cleric Moqtada al - Sadr .
The walls are teeming with religious slogans and posters of revered Shiite figures past and present , put up by employees .
All of this would have led to the closure of the business , and possibly the execution of all the employees and their extended families , during Hussein 's rule , according to Abu Hamra .
Back then , government agents inspected his publishing house three times a day to make sure no prohibited materials were being printed .
Muwaffaq 's brother - in - law , a nuclear - energy engineer , was executed in 1982 for suspected membership in Dawa , a conservative religious party that was working with Iran to overthrow Hussein 's secular Baath Party regime .
Today , Iraq 's Prime Minister Nouri al - Maliki heads the Dawa Party .
But religious freedom does n't pay the bills or keep their families safe .
Muwaffaq and his brother Khaled are struggling to keep open the business started by their late father in 1931 .
Before the war , they had four printing plants and hundreds of employees .
Today , they have two plants and 42 employees .
A brother kidnapped
Their darkest days came three years ago .
Their brother Fahim , another partner in the business , was kidnapped in December 2004 .
He was killed by his abductors even after the family paid a ransom of $ 120,000 .
That same year , two employees and several associates were also kidnapped for ransom .
The family paid large sums of money to militants and criminals to get back supplies stolen on the road between the Jordanian border and Baghdad .
Since 2003 , thousands of Iraqis , particularly middle - class professionals and business people , have been kidnapped for ransom and were either killed or freed .
More than 2,200 doctors and nurses have been killed and more than 250 kidnapped since 2003 , according to official Iraqi sources cited by the International Red Cross Committee ( ICRC ) in a report released Sunday .
Of the 34,000 doctors registered in 1990 , 20,000 have left the country , according to the ICRC , contributing to the crisis in the country 's already crumbling health - care system .
The pace of kidnappings has slowed , but it continues in major cities .
Last week , the last remaining neurologist in the southern Iraqi city of Basra was found dead after he had been kidnapped .
And the body of Iraqi Archbishop Paulos Faraj Rahho was found in Mosul after being held for two weeks by a group that demanded a $ 1 million ransom .
Christians and other minority communities in Iraq have been hit particularly hard over the past five years .
Iraqis also continue to be killed , maimed , or wounded , often in the crossfire between insurgents and coalition troops .
But the greatest loss of life has been blamed on Al Qaeda in Iraq , seen as the source of most of the suicide and car bombings at public places such as markets and mosques .
Some 24,000 Iraqi civilians died in 2007 , an average of 66 per day , according to Iraq Body Count , a group that compiles its figures using public records and media reports .
But security is improving .
So far this year , the groups says that Iraqi civilians are dying at less than half the rate of 2007 .
Getting their families out
In January 2005 , following the kidnapping and murder of their brother , Muwaffaq , his parents , and 11 siblings along with their families fled to Amman , Jordan .
The United Nations High Commission for Refugees estimates that as of December 2007 there were 4.4 million displaced Iraqis , including 2.5 million inside the country and 1.9 million in neighboring nations .
Some Iraqis have returned as the violence has ebbed .
But Abu Hamra has left his wife and five children in Jordan .
His two brothers , Khaled and Naim , also wo n't bring their families back because they say it 's not safe yet .
In the BBC / ABC News poll , 54 percent of Iraqis said it 's not the right time for refugees to return .
So , Muwaffaq and Khaled shuttle back and forth between Iraq and Jordan – two weeks here , two weeks there .
How sure are they that their business in Iraq will survive ?
They 're hedging their bets .
They have opened a new plant in Jordan and plan to open another in the relatively stable Kurdistan region in northern Iraq .
One of the biggest challenges facing their business is corruption , which they say is much worse now than under Hussein .
Muwaffaq says that all government contracts today are rigged .
Officials routinely collude with his competitors to share the proceeds of inflated bids , he says .
One competitor even issued death threats to everyone not to participate in the bidding on a recent health ministry contract .
Judge Radhi Hamza , the former head of Iraq 's Commission on Public Integrity , estimated during a US Senate hearing last week that $ 18 billion in public funds have been lost to corruption , and that 's just for the 3,000 cases his commission investigated between 2003 and 2007 .
He said this does not include the losses from smuggling and theft in the oil sector and the estimated $ 8.3 billion worth of fraud cases officially " forgiven " by ministers and the prime minister .
US reconstruction money has been also grossly misspent , according to Ali Baban , Iraq 's minister of planning and development , citing just one incident in which the US awarded a $ 20 million bridge - repair contract that ended up costing the contractor only $ 1 million .
Should the US stay ?
Back in the printing plant , talk turns to the role of US forces .
Dhia Mahdi , one of the company 's longest employees , blames all of Iraq 's problems on the Americans .
" The Americans have destroyed this country , " he says .
" They have divided the nation .
Their policy is divide and conquer . "
Surveys show Iraqis ' views on the US 's continued role as mixed .
Sixty - one percent say the US presence in Iraq is making the security situation worse .
But when asked if the US should leave now , only 38 percent say , " Yes . "
And 76 percent said they wanted the US to provide training and weapons to the Iraqi Army ; 80 percent wanted the US to participate in security operations against Al Qaeda or foreign jihadis in Iraq .
The Abu Hamra brothers say that US forces should leave Iraq now .
" Nothing is going right [ in Iraq ] , " says Khaled , who thinks it 's time for the family to sell the business and leave Iraq .
The brothers find life in Baghdad arduous .
They live at their parents ' home .
The commute to the printing plant used to take 10 minutes prior to the war .
Now , weaving through police check points , blast barriers , and streets clogged with VIP convoys and security details , it takes them nearly two hours .
Their parents ' home , in a mixed Sunni - Shiite neighborhood that before the war was a gathering place each weekend for the extended family , is now inhabited only by his ailing mother and one of his sisters .
Their father died in Jordan in 2006 .
Most of the rooms in the home are locked .
Most male members of the family now carry weapons for protection .
" There is no law to protect you , " says Ali , a teenage nephew who owns a pistol and an AK - 47 .
They have experienced the sectarian violence that flared after the destruction of the Shiite Askariyah mosque in Samarra in February 2006 .
Muwaffaq recounts how one of his Sunni employees was kidnapped in the summer of 2006 and that he then received a call from a leader in the Mahdi Army , the militia of Mr. Sadr , which is accused of the worst sectarian atrocities .
The caller rebuked Muwaffaq for hiring a Sunni .
The man was later freed .
His sister Souad , a principal at a school in Baghdad 's Dora district , had to leave her job and move to a predominantly Shiite section of town after receiving threats in 2006 to leave the area , which has become almost entirely Sunni .
But Muwaffaq has an abiding faith in Iraqis to get beyond those differences .
His wife is Sunni , and many of his brothers and sisters have married Sunnis .
" We 've never asked if our neighbors are Sunnis or Sabeans .
People can live together . "
Laith Kubba , a director at the National Endowment for Democracy in Washington and a former Iraqi government spokesman , agrees .
" It 's most misleading to assume that the current violence and conflict among Iraq 's communities is rooted in the country 's history .
Intermixed neighborhoods and marriages testify to the contrary , " he says .
But the pattern of violence may be difficult to break , he notes .
" The levels of sectarian conflict are unprecedented in the region .
Those who caused and benefited from sectarian and ethnic strife will not help resolve it . "
Mr. Kubba says the only solution is for the US to use " arm - twisting , incentives , and harsh deterrents , " and the influence of regional powers such as Iran , Turkey , and Saudi Arabia to break the current gridlock caused by a " weak dysfunctional state and a system that rewards identity politics . "
In the meantime , Iraqis like Muwaffaq cling to a hope for better days .
One - third of his employees are non-Shiite .
" The will of the people to live together can ultimately be stronger than anything , " he says .
Each day , on his drive to work , he passes 12 - ft. - high concrete blast walls , many of them now painted with idyllic scenes or plastered with posters urging reconciliation .
There 's one with a message that reinforces his view : " Our journey is long , but Iraq remains more important than our differences . "
「 「ひととおりできあがったらオープンソースにして公開します」の罠
- TokuLog 改め だまってコードを書けよハゲ」の感想として。
新月なんかは コード書き始めた当日からtar ball を公開していたし、 新月 のJava版 の2番目の実装は 「 ひととおりできあがったらオープンソースにして公開します 」
のまま音沙汰がなくなってしまったと記憶してるんですが、
新月の過去ログ漁ればどこかにソース残ってたりするのかな。 よくわからない。 SF.netにアカウント取るのが面倒だったのかなあ。
薦めてもアカウント取らなかった開発メンバーもいたし。
だから早いうちからソースを公開するのはいいことだと思うんですけど、
問題もあるんですよね。 ソースはできるだけ早くから公開したいんですけど、
実際にユーザが使うのは「ひととおりできあがった」あとにしてほしいんです。
早くから使われると、当然完成度も低いですし、
仕様の変更だってちょくちょくあるから、 「完成度は低いし、バージョンアップのたびに互換性なくなるし、つかえねー 」 という評判が立ってしまう。
新月の場合は半々だったかなあ。 2chのP2P掲示板開発スレで告知して、 のちには単独スレ立ててもらったんですけど、
初期の頃は特にパッチくれる人とか、 公開鍵暗号で署名をつけるモジュールを作ってくれた人とか、
別の環境に移植してくれた人とか、とても感謝しています。
失敗したなあと思うのは、 「 プロジェクト初期は開発者を取り込むべきで、ユーザを取り込む時期ではない 」
というのを理屈ではわかっていたのですが、
時期尚早な要望をどんどん入れてしまったことですね。 最初はCygwinが必要だったのですけど、 「 Cygwinではユーザが増えない。ActivePerl対応にせよ 」 という要望が出ると、リソース割いて対応してしまうとか。 結 局ActivePerlでは十分に動かなかったわけですが。
その 後Pythonに移植したあたりでも、 ユーザを増やす=インストールを容易にする、ということで、
ZIPを落してきて解凍して起動したらOK、というところまでは来ました。 別 途 Pythonを入れるとか、Apacheの設定をするとか、ルータの設定とか要らないの。
UPnPとか技術的には面白いんですけどね。 ただこれらは、大きな視点としては間違っていたんじゃないかなあ。
今の新月はどう見せるかというのが、まったく決まってないんですよね。 たとえば「新規作成」っても、ネットワークに掲示板を新しく作るという意味ではなくて、
自分のローカルに掲示板を作るという意味で、
他のノードにも同じ名前の掲示板があったら勝手に同期するんですけど、
それをどう表現するか、ってのがよくわからない。
順番としては、その辺のことを先に解決しておくべきであって、
インストールしやすいかどうか、ってのは後で考えることだったんでしょうね。
さらにいえば、インストールしにくいくらいの方が、
開発者を取り込みつつ、将来のユーザは今は取り込まない、
というバランスが保てたんじゃないかなあ、とか思うわけです。
そうなると、 別途 Pythonが要るとか、別途Apacheが要るとか、 手元でコンパイルしないと動かないとか、 ZIPじゃなく てSubversionがないとダウンロードすらできないとかは、
バランスを保つ意味でも役に立つんじゃないかなあ。
Combat forms a core part of the game play
The makers of World of Warcraft are locked in a legal battle with a firm that has produced a tool to automate many actions in the virtual world .
Blizzard is suing Michael Donnelly , the creator of the MMO Glider program , which performs key tasks in the game automatically , such as fighting .
Both sides have submitted legal summaries to a court in Arizona .
Blizzard says Glide is a software bot which infringes the company 's copyright and potentially damages the game .
In its legal submission to the court last week , the firm said : " Blizzard 's designs expectations are frustrated , and resources are allocated unevenly , when bots are introduced into the WoW universe , because bots spend far more time in - game than an ordinary player would and consume resources the entire time . "
' Infringed agreement ' Blizzard argued that Michael Donnelly 's tool also infringed the End User License Agreement that all parties have to adhere to when playing the game .
More than 100,000 copies of the tool have been sold , according to Mr Donnelly .
More than 10 million people around the world play Warcraft .
Mr Donnelly said the first time had had been aware of potential legal action over his program was when a lawyer from Vivendi games , which publishes Warcraft , and an " unnamed private investigator " appeared at his home .
In his legal submission , he detailed : " When they arrived , they presented Donnelly with a copy of a complaint that they indicated would be filed the next day in the US District Court for the Central District of California if Donnelly did not immediately agree to stop selling Glider and return all profits that he made from Glider sales . "
" Blizzard 's audacious threats offended Donnelly , " according to the legal papers .
Mr Donnelly says his tool does not infringe Blizzard 's copyright because no " copy " of the Warcraft game client software is ever made .
Blizzard has said the tool infringes copyright because it copies the game into RAM in order to avoid detection by anti-cheat software .
The two parties are now awaiting a summary judgement in the case .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
For decades , the Drug Enforcement Administration has measured the price and purity of illicit drugs .
Its methodology is cryptic , but the dea says it ’s a reliable way to spot trends .
And it says it has spied one :
The cost of pure coke rose 44 percent in the United States between January and September 2007 .
The dea credits its own efforts , of course , along with increased Mexican and Colombian cooperation , for the downturn in supply it says caused the price hike .
But the agency omits an important factor : the plummeting value of the dollar , especially as compared to the soaring euro .
Even as the dea has made it more bothersome to bring coke into the United States , the sliding dollar has made importing it less profitable .
Both the UN and dea note that a kilo of coke brings in two times as much in Europe as it does in America .
As with any commodity , producers look to maximize earnings by selling in markets with the strongest currencies .
But unlike oil , for instance , the value of which is measured in dollars , the cocaine market is more fluid .
“ The euro has become the preferred currency for drug traffickers , ” declared then - dea administrator Karen Tandy at an anti-drug conference last May .
“ We ’re seeing a glut of euro notes throughout South America , ” she said , adding that “ 9 of 10 travelers who carried the $ 1.7 billion euros that came into the United States during 2005 did not come from Europe … They came from Latin America . ”
Europe has become attractive to traffickers not just because of its healthy economy , but also for its open borders , less stringent drug policies , and increasing demand .
American officials estimate that just a few years ago U.S. consumers snorted several times more blow than their Old World counterparts .
That gap has dramatically narrowed as Europe feeds a cocaine binge that has been compared to America ’s in the ’ 80s .
This new European focus is changing global drug - supply routes .
West African nations have become important staging areas for packages on the way from South America to Spain and Portugal , the region ’s main points of entry .
The UN estimates that cocaine seizures in Africa increased nearly sixfold between 2005 and 2007 and that more than 90 tons of coke were intercepted in Portugal and Spain in 2006 , more than was seized in all of Europe in 2004 .
If your life is anything like mine ( e.g. you ’re on the Internet , all day ) , you already know the ins and outs of the race for the Democratic nomination .
Day after day , columnists and pundits play Hot Potato with home - spun topics , and we watch and read in return .
So I ’m not going to waste our time here with all the twists and follies .
( Look them up if you like . )
But Democrats , listen , we are seriously fucking this up .
Sen. McCain , a Republican , is leading both Sen. Obama and Sen. Clinton , nationally .
This , after only two weeks of the Republican machine throwing stones at Obama , as Clinton stood silently on the sidelines .
The Democratic National Convention begins five months from tomorrow , leaving only two months until the general election .
The Republicans wo n’t disappear , no matter how many times we underestimate their viciousness .
But their angles of attack are only made more effective by the Clinton campaign ’s willingness to let Obama drown in order for her to resurface victorious with super - delegate support .
By the time we reach the convention , Senators Obama and Clinton will be so badly bloodied , we wo n’t be able to tell ass from elbow .
Independents will vote for McCain just because he still resembles a human being .
This slash and burn strategy gambles , not with Sen.
Clinton ’s own pot , but with the entire bank of the Democratic party .
Nobody expects Sen. Clinton to drop out of the race on her own volition ; indeed , a loyal base supports her tenacity .
Only an unlikely loss in Pennsylvania , along with the remaining states where Obama leads , could one imagine her forfeit .
So the only remaining remedy is that we , as a party , look towards our long term goals and survival , by embracing Sen.
Obama as the Democratic nominee , immediately and in full - force .
Obama leads in delegates , states and votes–something increasingly likely to hold , going into the Convention .
He ’s gained 62 super - delegates to Clinton ’s five since Feb .
5 . Even her own campaign admits she has a mere 10 - percent chance of coming in ahead in popular votes , and even less in pledged delegates .
But none of this matters , for one reason or another .
She seems to be going all - in with twos when her opponent has aces ; her only chance at winning is to have something up her sleeve .
Still , I understand Clinton supporters rejecting this argument as purely political blathering –I supported her once , too .
But imagine , for a moment , if the Republicans were in our shoes– If Sen. McCain and Gov. Romney were currently hacking each other to pieces , doing our dirty work , we would laugh at their own undoing .
And that ’s what they ’re doing to us , right now .
If this unnecessary civil war within our party is to continue , it will , at best , put in jeopardy the White House and valuable seats in Congress .
At worst , it threatens to disenfranchise and dispirit an entire generation of new Democrats now heavily invested , with time and money and hope , in this year ’s particularly arduous process .
Ending this inevitable bloodbath stands as our best chance at victory in November .
Just because you can find reasons for Sen .
Clinton to stay in the race does n’t mean it serves our party , or our nation , in the best way possible .
Sen .
Clinton is fighting for her political life .
But in doing so , she is helping build the coffin of the entire Democratic party .
She would serve both herself and her country better by giving her full support to Sen.
Obama immediately .
However , I fear political shortsightedness and reckless ambition will end in a head - on collision for the Democratic party .
The satellite dish .
A little closer to completion , with masking tape holding down just - glued mirrors at the top and on the left side .
I needed a few more mirrors to finish .
I was trying to buy and cut just enough mirrors without going over .
I bought two closet door mirrors ( eight square feet ) at Target , and two boxes of square mirrors ( 12 square feet ) at Home Depot .
Please note that the branch hanging over the dish on the right only actually hangs over about 6 inches .
The rest of that green is a reflection of the tree itself .
Marjane Satrapi gusts into the room like a hurricane .
She is a tiny woman propped up on huge white platform heels .
She is dressed in black and is beautiful in a cubist way - Picasso could have sculpted her .
Her hair is black , her mouth is a gash of red lipstick , she is talking 20 to the dozen , and smoke seems to be pouring out of every visible orifice .
Everything about her is cartoon - like .
Which is appropriate because she is best known as a cartoon character in her own comic books .
Satrapi , 38 , is the author of Persepolis , a graphic memoir recounting her childhood in Iran , the overthrow of the corrupt Shah , the terror of the Khomeini years , the war with Iraq , the refuge she sought in Europe , and her painful path to adulthood .
Persepolis , the Greek name for Persia , is desperately moving and extremely funny - a little girl 's sarcastic love letter to her family .
Young Marjane is a stroppy , piss - taking , veil - wearing Marxist - anarchist who embraces her many contradictions with self - absorbed relish .
When she 's not preaching communism , she 's predicting her future as a religious prophet ; when she 's not pogoing down the streets as a young punk , she 's listening to the turgid prog rock of Camel or the bubblegum pop of Kim Wilde .
Now she has turned the book into an equally brilliant animated film , co-directed with fellow comic book writer Vincent Paronnaud .
The movie is as stark and simple as her own drawings ( her family could be an Iranian Simpsons - only real ) , with the added bonus of an expressionist feel that recalls the films of Fritz Lang .
Persepolis has been dismissed by the Iranian authorities as Islamophobic , but Satrapi says this is ridiculous - she is not a political animal or a religious commentator , she is an artist .
And while Persepolis is scathing about the hypocrisies and cruelties of Iran 's theocracy , she is equally critical of George Bush 's Christian fundamentalism .
She accuses the west of cultural imperialism , saying it always reduces Iran to Hizbullah or 1001 Arabian Nights ; the flying carpet or the flying rocket .
What she wanted to do in Persepolis was tell her story and show what it means to be Iranian for her .
Satrapi was born in 1969 in Rasht , near the Caspian Sea , and grew up in Tehran , where her father was an engineer and her mother a dress designer .
She is descended from Iranian aristocrats - her maternal great - grandfather was Nasser - al - Din Shah , Persian emperor from 1848 to 1896 , and her grandfather was a prince .
But she stresses this does not make her quite so privileged as it sounds - her great - grandfather had 100 wives .
Go back far enough , and you 'll find out most Iranian families are blue - blooded , she says .
Her parents were Marxist intellectuals who enjoyed the good life - they drove a Cadillac , drank alcohol , ate at the best places , were thoroughly westernised .
They campaigned against the Shah , and looked forward to the Islamic revolution till it happened .
In Persepolis she visits her beloved uncle in jail awaiting execution .
After her neighbour 's house is bombed , she finds her best friend 's bracelet in the rubble " attached to something " .
The elliptical nature of the storytelling ( life - changing events can start and finish in one panel ) makes it all the more heartbreaking .
As a child , Satrapi was supremely gobby .
Her parents always encouraged her to have her own opinion .
She says there is something Hitleresque in her character that she has inherited from her father - she means in the power of her convictions rather than her politics .
Satrapi was a sceptic from the off .
" If the majority of people were right , we'd be living in paradise .
But we are not living in paradise , we are living in hell .
What does it mean ?
That means the majority of people are wrong .
So I never believed what people told me . "
There were no toys in the house , but more books than she could read .
She was an only child and talked and played cards for entertainment .
" I always used to win because I cheat . "
She smiles - a naughty - girl smile .
" I mean playing without cheating , what is the point ?
The second I learned how to play , I learned how to cheat , too . "
Her parents were nice people , she says - they pretended they did n't know she was cheating .
But Marjane was a worry for them .
When she was n't cheating or asking precocious questions she would be out in Tehran buying contraband tapes , spreading the word of western pop and wearing Michael Jackson T - shirts under the veil .
Her parents feared she would get into serious trouble with the Revolutionary Guard .
Soon after their neighbours were bombed , they sent 14 - year - old Marjane away to Austria to study .
Part of the problem , she says , is that she was so intelligent , so easily bored by people and their ideas .
I ask her whether she has met anybody as intelligent as herself ?
She shakes her head , and snorts : " No. Maybe Vincent , the guy with whom I made the movie . "
Satrapi could easily be obnoxious , but she 's not - saved by her self - awareness , and her humour .
She says that she painted her most accurate self - portrait in her last book , Chicken With Plums , about her great - uncle Nasser Ali Khan , a musician who played the tar , a long - necked lute .
When his wife breaks his instrument , the despairing musician starves himself and takes to his bed to die , which he does eight days later .
" He is completely unbearable , narcissistic , egocentric but also lovely and charming .
That 's actually how I see myself .
You have to be narcissistic to be an artist .
You have to think you are the centre of the whole thing otherwise why do you create ?
The only thing is to recognise it , and then you make the best of it . "
We meet in London .
She can't stand Britain because of the smoking ban .
She suggests that we talk in her hotel room because at least she will be able to smoke there .
She lives for her cigs , and is quite happy to die for them , she says .
" For me smoking is like looking at your soul , " she says in a rasping hybrid accent .
" There is something extraordinarily poetic about smoking - from the gesture of holding a cigarette , turning it on , smoking it , the taste of it , the smell of it , I love every - thing about smoking . "
She has no truck with the kill - joys who want to stop us doing all the things that we enjoy - simply because it might prolong our life .
" Anything that has a relationship with pleasure we reject it .
Eating , they talk about cholesterol ; making love , they talk about Aids ; you talk about smoking , they talk about cancer .
It 's a very sick society that rejects pleasure . "
She 's working herself up into a climax of disgust .
" Why should we live like sick people just to give some fresh meat to the ground ?
I hope my meat is so rotten no worm in the whole universe will want to come and eat it .
I want to be rotten to accept the idea of dying .
Every day you live you get one day closer to death .
If you are never born you will never die .
Giving birth is also giving death . "
She smiles , having hit on the solution to combating death .
It 's not surprising that the teenage Satrapi lost her way in Europe .
She expected to find herself in a secular paradise looked after by Zozo , her mother 's best friend .
In Persepolis , she imagines how it will be : " It 's going to be cool to go to school with a veil , to not have to beat oneself every day for the war martyrs . "
In fact , Zozo leaves her in a boarding house run by nuns and Marjane is thrown out for calling the mother superior a prostitute when she says Iranians are " uneducated " .
" In every religion you find the same extremists , " young Marjane concludes .
Satrapi discovered boys and booze .
At her nadir she was peddling drugs , homeless , and she almost died from bronchitis .
After four years in Vienna , she admitted defeat , put on her veil and returned home .
Back in Iran , she became even more depressed .
She was 19 years old , her friends had rejected her as a western decadent , and she belonged nowhere - a westerner in Iran , an Iranian in the west .
She tried to slit her wrists , but failed miserably - a fruit knife was never going to do the trick .
She took an overdose of antidepressants , but they just made her sleep for three days .
" This is past , and it really comes from a very dark moment of my life .
Dying is ... "
For once , she fails to complete a sentence .
" When people say there is no alternative , there is always an alternative - to die , for example .
It 's a choice .
You always have this choice . "
Her work , like her life , seems to segue from the ecstatic to the depressive .
" Well depressive , I do n't know .
If you have a little sensibility or a heart you have all the reason to be depressed once in a while .
But the depression is like a motor for creation .
I need a little bit of depression , a bit of acid in my stomach , to be able to create .
When I 'm happy I just want to dance . "
She studied graphic arts in Iran and at 21 married a young artist who turned out to be her polar opposite .
He allowed her to do what she wanted , but she still felt imprisoned .
A month later they were in separate beds , three years later they were divorced .
As a young woman , she says , she got things so wrong .
" I was so stupid when I was 20 .
I could do mathematics extremely quickly so I had this kind of intelligence , but the intelligence of life I did n't have .
I was too aggressive , making all the bad choices , believing I was a nice person and I was not , believing I was a mean person and I was n't .
Everything I thought was wrong .
With age things become better and better . "
At 24 , she returned to Europe , and did a second art degree in Strasbourg .
She supported herself by teaching aerobics and languages .
When she finished studying she expected to be feted , but no one was interested .
" When you go to art school you think you are the centre of the universe , the next Pablo Picasso , you 'll come out of the art school and everyone will say , ' Pablo where were you ?
We were all waiting for you . '
But nobody is waiting for you .
Not only are they not waiting for you , they make you that . "
She gives me the finger .
" That is the way it was .
They were right to reject me .
I reworked the projects they rejected and they became better . "
I tell her she 's still got something of the young punk about her today .
No , she protests , she is every inch the bourgeoise .
" I 'm a lady . "
She likes the sound of lady so much that she repeats it , running it off her tongue with lascivious delight .
" I 'm a lady . "
She likes to mislead people , she says .
" It is better not to look like what you are ; it is better to look like a bourgeois woman because then all the doors are open for you and then you can just go and make hell .
That is much more exciting . "
She despairs at the lack of ambition in today 's youth .
" Their dream is to become Paris Hilton . "
Satrapi , who has lived in Paris for 12 years , says there is so much to fear in today 's world - the potential for nuclear weapons in Iran , the actuality of nuclear weapons in the US ; the blind faith of both Bush and Iran 's president Ahmadinejad , who trust more in God than political process .
Even the French are voting for the politics of fear and loathing , she says with contempt .
She thinks the world is headed for disaster now there is no counter to capitalism .
" Now China has become capitalist , we are all going in the same direction .
I am not defending communism , but when you have a power that goes in one direction , you need a power that goes in the other direction .
Another thing is that for 10 years we have been naming the evil - pointing to ' the axis of evil ' .
Naming the evil is the most dangerous thing to do ; that is the beginning of fascism .
If the evil is the people of one place or one country , well , let 's go and exterminate all of them ...
I am just an artist and my duty is to ask questions . "
Her identity as an artist was shaped in 1995 when she was given Art Spiegelman 's classic Holocaust comic book , Maus , as a birthday present .
She had no idea art could tell stories in such a way .
Satrapi decided the comic book would be her chosen form .
She was rejected time and again .
She went to see the art director of one prominent French publisher who hated her work so much he became angry .
" He said you do n't have any style , it goes in all different directions , and I came home depressed and cried for a whole week .
Then two years after Persepolis was published and I got some prizes and I had a name , the secretary of this guy called me and he says , this guy wants to see you .
So I went with the same book as I had been to see him with before , and he was like , ' What courage !
You have tried all these different styles . '
I said that 's not what you told me three years ago .
And he said , ' Did I see you three years ago ? '
And I said , ' You do n't have a very good memory , but I do . "
She laughs .
" We ended up working together .
I 'm not a revenger kind of person . "
She started writing Persepolis when she was 29 in 1999 , and it was published the following year .
If she had written it 10 years earlier it would have been rubbish , she says , because it would have been too angry .
Back then , her world was simply divided into goodies and baddies .
Whereas the extremists of her youth took the shape of mullahs , now she sees them everywhere .
" I am against fundamentalism .
I am not against any religion , Islam , Judaism , Christianity etc .
It is the use of an ideology to kill people that I am against . "
She is not critical of the veil per se , she is critical of its imposition .
" I really believe in a society where if someone wants to walk in the street completely naked they will be able to , and if someone wants to wear a veil they will also be able to . "
Is she religious ?
" Religion is a very personal affair .
It 's between someone and what he considers the god , or the supreme spirit or whatever , and it 's very good while it remains personal .
The second it becomes public , it 's no good .
And that 's why I do n't make it public either . "
When Persepolis was published she thought 300 people would buy it " to help this poor Iranian girl living in Paris " .
So far it has sold well over a million copies and has been translated into 24 languages .
( Satrapi herself speaks six languages - Farsi , French , German , English , Swedish , Italian . )
What has delighted her is the story 's universal appeal - it's not just about Iran , it 's about growing up in any place with problems .
There is still something rootless about Satrapi .
Now that the French have banned smoking in public places , she is looking to move again - perhaps to Greece .
She has not returned to Iran , where her parents still live , for eight years .
She does not know how safe she would be in Iran , where her books are available in samizdat form .
She fears she might be thrown into jail - not a risk she is prepared to take .
For now , perhaps her main contact with Iran is through her work .
The film of Persepolis , which was nominated for the best animated feature Oscar , features the voice of her all - time hero Iggy Pop , and those of Catherine Deneuve , Gena Rowlands and Chiara Mastroianni , as young Marjane .
" For me Iggy Pop is a crooner , but he 's a desperate , angry crooner . "
A similar marriage of the tender and the spiky , the humane and the misanthropic , is what makes her work so memorable .
Her greatest creations are representations of the family members she most loves ; the sexy grandmother who would bathe her breasts in milk to keep them firm ; the charismatic father who adored his life of luxury every bit as much as his Marxist - Leninist ideology ; the thoroughly modern mother who wept when her daughter married so young .
She is amazed how life has worked out .
In France , she married a man about whom she will say nothing other than that he is Swedish .
They have no children .
" I do n't understand when people say it is so natural to make children ...
I want to devote my life to my art .
And I know if I 'm a man and I say that I would be this great artist who sacrifices life for his talent , but since I am a woman I become this ambitious bitch who does n't want to have kids .
Some people think like that , but I do n't care . "
Now she has sufficient distance from the past , she can see that things are probably as good as they get .
" I 'm this woman coming from Iran , I 've succeeded in what I wanted , I live in the city I want , I live with the man I want , I make the work I want , and they pay me for it , which is incredible .
How many people in the world have this luck ? "
· The film Persepolis will be released on April 25 .
