1st December 2008 , 10:46 pm
The post Semantic editor combinators gave an example of a pattern that comes up a lot for me in Haskell programming .
I want to apply functions inside of a newtype without cumbersome unwrapping and wrapping of the representation insides .
While chatting with Daniel Peebles in #haskell today , the realization hit me that these “ higher - order wrappers ” can not only make other code pretty , but can themselves be expressed more beautifully and clearly , using two of the combinators given in that post .
The example I gave was type composition , taken from the TypeCompose library :
newtype ( g :. f ) a = O { unO :: g ( f a ) }
The convenient higher - order wrappers apply n-ary function within O constructors :
inO h ( O gfa ) = O ( h gfa ) in O2 h ( O gfa ) ( O gfa ' ) = O ( h gfa gfa ' ) ...
Then I get to implement Functor and Applicative instances in the style of semantic editor combinators .
instance ( Functor g , Functor f ) => Functor ( g :. f ) where fmap = inO . fmap .
fmap instance ( Applicative g , Applicative f ) =>
Applicative ( g :. f ) where pure = O . pure . pure ( <*>) = ( inO2 . liftA2 ) ( <*>)
The point - free definitions I gave before are pretty cryptic if you ’re not used to the style :
inO = ( O . ) . (. unO ) in O2 = ( inO . ) . (. unO ) inO3 = ( inO2 . ) . (. unO ) ...
What dawned on me today is that I can instead say what I mean plainly : inO applies unO to the argument and O to the result .
inO = result O . argument unO
Similarly , in O2 applies unO to the ( first ) argument and inO to the resulting function .
Similarly for inO3 :
inO2 = result inO .
argument unO inO3 = result in O2 . argument unO ...
The unwrapping and wrapping do n’t interact , so , we can write equivalent definitions , swapping the compositions :
inO2 = argument unO . result inO
Equivalence follows from associativity of function composition .
The post Semantic editor combinators gave an example of a pattern that comes up a lot for me in Haskell programming .
I want to apply functions inside of a newtype ...
BusinessWeek got ahold of social news site Digg 's financials .
For a site that gets as much traffic as Digg.com does -- 22.6 million monthly uniques , according to Quantcast -- the numbers are gruesome :
Last year the company lost $ 2.8 million on $ 4.8 million of revenue
In the first three quarters of 2008 , Digg lost $ 4 million on $ 6.4 million of revenue .
Digg wanted to sell for $ 300 million last year , but took funding this fall to set its valuation at $ 167 million
A few thoughts :
To some extent , this is an indictment of Microsoft , which sells ads for Digg .
Why is there an ad for Hollister in Digg 's auto section and not an ad from a carmaker ?
Gawker Media , which has very similar traffic to Digg , also breaks its traffic into ad - friendly categories and it does " rather better in revenue , " owner Nick Denton told us after looking at Digg 's numbers .
Here 's one reason why : Gawker lets advertisers run huge ads and re-skin its sites .
Digg forces its advertisers into tiny little boxes and banners .
Digg 's costs are running at $ 14 million or so a year .
Why is that number so high ?
The site has no editorial .
After the company raised money this fall , CEO Jay Adelson said the new priority will be revenue .
That makes sense .
And given Digg 's astounding traffic and popularity , there ought to be a way to make it work as a business .
See Also :
Jay Adelson's Six Step Plan To Make Digg Profitable
Presiding FLDS elder , two other sect members indicted FLDS , Polygamy
Source
( Listed if other than Religion News Blog )
More About This Subject
This post was last updated : Friday , November 22 , 2013 at 1:46 PM , Central European Time ( CET )
If there is one thing that Trekkies love to talk about it is ‘ continuity ’ ( or the much more biblical sounding ‘ canon ’ ) .
Although the history of Trek holds together pretty well , the record is not spotless , as was highlighted in two past ‘ Star Trek Mistakes ’ mashups posted here last October .
Now Roman B ( aka GeneralGrin ) has let us know about parts three and four of his ongoing opus .
Part 3
Part 4
… and if you missed them last year , here are Parts 1 and 2
China is not new to censoring the Internet , but up until now , BitTorrent sites have never been blocked .
Recently however , several reports came in from China , indicating that popular BitTorrent sites such as Mininova , isoHunt and The Pirate Bay had been hijacked .
The sites became inaccessible , instead redirecting to the leading Chinese search engine Baidu .
Just a week ago , reports came in that China had started to ban 10 video hosting sites , allegedly because of “ regulations violations ” .
Other sites , including China ’s largest eDonkey indexing site , VeryCD , received warnings .
A few days later , however , VeryCD users found that their favorite eDonkey site was redirected to the Chinese search engine – Baidu.com .
It soon became apparent that VeryCD was not the only P2P website to be hijacked .
A host of BitTorrent sites , including Mininova , isoHunt and The Pirate Bay were also affected .
People in the Beijing area who attempted to access the sites were promptly redirecting to Baidu , China ’s Google .
The domain hijacks continued for more than two days straight , but were lifted yesterday .
According to some sources , there was never an attempt to censor the BitTorrent sites , claiming that a DNS error cause the problems .
This does n’t seem very plausible though , as the diversions almost exclusively involved P2P related sites , which are hosted right across the globe .
Also , DNS issues can’t explain why all the P2P sites were suddenly redirected to another website .
Mininova co-founder Niek , whose domain was also redirected to Baidu told TorrentFreak : “ We had the questionable honor of joining Wikipedia and YouTube on the list of websites that ( at some point ) were censored in China .
Fortunately the people in charge made the right decision , and realized that blocking a search engine like Mininova was n’t such a good idea . ”
“ I ’m happy to see that the block is removed now , though it would be nice to talk to the people who made this decision so we can understand their motives , ” Niek added .
The true reason behind the hijack attempt will probably never come to light .
Most importantly , the ‘ problems ’ are resolved now , and all BitTorrent sites are accessible again .
The list of companies that have changed the new Volkswagen Scirocco grows day by day , so we ’ve decided to show you 3 of our favorites .
No.3 Volkswagen Scirocco by MCCHIP
German tuner has prepared a â€œmediumâ€ package for Scirocco 2.0 TSI which contains a new software and an exhaust system , turbo engine of 2.0 liters now arriving at 246 hp and 346 Nm .
No.2 VW Scirocco at Essen Motor Show
This was the Police model presented at the Essen Motor Show 2008 .
No.1 Volkswagen Scirocco by Je Design
The package received by Scirocco on the outside a new body kit , comprising front spoiler , side thresholds for extension and rear spoiler .
Je Design offers a growing power for the 2.0 TFSI engine : 200 HP and 280 Nm to 244 HP and 350 Nm .
This Scirocco accelerates from 0 to 100 km / h in just 6.6 seconds and reaches a maximum speed of 242 km / h .
* sigh *
Wish yu wuld stay on yur side of bed .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Whether you have a brand new car or a used vehicle , you ’ve put a considerable amount of money into your wheels .
We know this because even the average used car costs upward of $ 11,000 these days .
So here ’s our question for you :
If you ’re going to pay thousands of dollars for any car , do n’t you think you should be riding in style ?
We ’d like to think you should .
And you do n’t have to buy fresh wheels to do so .
There are tons of cool car gadgets out there that will take your vehicle to the next level .
But what exactly are these gadgets ?
Stick with us as we take a look at 10 of our favorite car gadgets :
1. Dash Cam
No one here expects to end up in a car accident .
Especially since many of us are sure of our driving skills .
The fact of the matter , however , is that an accident can happen at any time .
And if that happens , having a dash cam is going to make any legal battles that may follow easier for you to handle .
Dash cams provide concrete proof of what really transpired during an accident .
Many of them now record your location during an accident and provide timestamps .
Oh , and you can also make cool videos as you drive around town .
That ’s just one more reason to invest in one .
2. Automatic Car Adapter
If you ’re not car - savvy , do n’t worry .
Most of us are n’t .
But as it turns out , we do n’t have to be these days .
Because automatic car adapters are doing most of the work for us .
These adapters alert drivers to problems with their cars .
They ’ll let you know when your car needs an oil change or an engine check .
Not only that , but some even provide mileage logs and notify local authorities after accidents .
3. Mobile Coffeemaker
This one might sound ridiculous , but mobile coffeemakers are now a thing .
And we could n’t be more excited about making our Morning Joe on the go .
These mobile coffeemakers are designed specifically for vehicles .
They plug directly into your car ’s port , and you can use your own coffee grounds or purchase espresso pods .
Just remember to keep your eyes on the road with this one .
Do n’t let this cool new gadget distract you too much .
4. Parking Assistant
Who among us enjoys parking cars ?
We ’re willing to bet that few people experience unbridled joy while parallel parking or pulling into a busy parking lot .
Fortunately , there are enough parking assistants on the market to make worrying about parking a thing of the past .
Parking assistants completely take the guesswork out of parking .
They let drivers know when they ’ve properly positioned their vehicles so they can avoid bumping their bumpers .
5. Emergency Window Breaker
As we said earlier , no one leaves the house prepared to get into an accident .
But accidents happen , which is why we ’re recommending yet another safety - oriented tool :
The emergency window breaker .
This tool does exactly what it sounds like it does .
It breaks car windows when drivers are trapped inside of their vehicles for any reason .
So if your door is jammed or your car is submerged under water , the window breaker is your friend .
Some emergency window breakers also come with slim , attached blades .
These blades are designed to help you cut through seat belts or any other obstacles that stand between you and safety .
6. Wireless Tire Pressure Monitor
If you live long enough to own a car for decades , there ’s a good chance that you ’ll have issues with your tires at least once .
And if you ever have the misfortune of having tire problems , a wireless tire pressure monitor will come in handy .
Here ’s how these wireless monitors work :
You attach Bluetooth gauges to your tires .
These gauges constantly monitor your tires ’ pressure .
When the pressure is low , the gauges send a message directly to your mobile device .
7. Rear View Backup Camera
Those of you liked the idea of a parking assistant might love this one :
A rearview backup camera .
You simply mount the backup camera to your license plate or rear window and drive .
The camera then transmits high - definition video of what ’s going on behind your car .
And if you ’re worried about the camera ’s durability , do n’t be .
These cameras can typically survive rainy weather for months .
We would n’t , however , test these devices out in extreme weather .
The heat and cold can get the best of any device .
8. Radar Detector
As much as we care about safety , we have to be honest :
The speed limit can be a nuisance .
When we ’re late for work or trying to rush to a doctor ’s appointment , we ’d like to go faster .
Which is exactly what the radar detector can help us do .
Radar detectors alert drivers to the presence of nearby cops .
They do so by letting us know when other parties are using radars .
And who else but the cops would have a good reason to use a radar on any given day ?
In any case , if you ’re looking for a great radar , take a look at this uniden r3 review .
This radar is one of our personal favorites .
9. Bluetooth Key Finder
How many times a month would you say you misplace your keys ?
If the answer is more than zero , perhaps a Bluetooth key finder is the solution for you .
Bluetooth key finders are devices that you attach to your keys rings .
You can detect these devices by simply checking a mobile app .
And you can use these devices for other objects as well , so get creative .
10 . USB Charger
Using much of your tech on the go would be difficult if you did n’t have a USB charger on hand .
But we ’re not just talking about your run -of - the - mill , single charger .
We ’re suggesting that you purchase a USB charger with multiple ports .
You can find chargers that have three or four ports these days .
Which means that everyone in your car gets to charge their phones .
But no texting and driving .
Okay ?
Thinking of Getting Any of These Cool Car Gadgets ?
We hope we ’ve inspired you to pick up a few of these cool car gadgets .
You do , after all , deserve to cruise in style .
If you ’re looking for more tech - inspired ideas , have a look at our tech blog .
We routinely bring you all of the most relevant tech - related news .
Those of you who have any specific questions or concerns should contact us .
We ’ll get back to you as soon as possible .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Many Americans who are hoping to work in a store this holiday season could be in for a big disappointment .
Because of an ongoing sales slump and expectations for a dismal shopping season , analysts expect retail chains will cut back on hiring temporary workers .
" This could be the weakest holiday hiring season since 2001 , " said John Challenger , CEO of outplacement firm Challenger , Gray & Christmas .
In 2001 , the nation was emerging from a recession and still reeling from the September 11 attacks .
According to his firm 's forecast , hiring for the October - December shopping months could fall well short of last year 's 698,300 retail jobs .
That total , itself , was a 6.5 % decline from the 2006 holiday season , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics .
" [ Retailers ] are looking at a consumer that 's tapped out and very worried about job security , " Challenger said .
In this environment - with thousands losing their jobs and credit to buy merchandise difficult to get - stores themselves are looking at ways to cut costs .
" Seasonal hiring is one of the few controllable costs for retailers in the short run , " said Carl Steidtmann , chief economist with Deloitte Research .
" We 've noticed that our retail clients have delayed giving us their seasonal hire ads by a month , " said Don Firth , president and CEO of AllRetailJobs.com , an online career and recruiting job board that specializes in retail jobs .
He said retailers started sending their ads to his Web site in October instead of in September , which is usually the case .
Judging by the volume of ads coming into his Web site from chains such as Best Buy , RadioShack and Wal - Mart , Firth thinks the level of temporary holiday hiring for the key shopping months could be in - line with or softer than last year .
Less help is a risky bet
Industry watchers expect merchants will push more business online this year and use temporary workers mostly for the weekend shopping rush .
Wal - Mart ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) , the world 's largest retailer , anticipates hiring between 20,000 to 25,000 temporary holiday workers from October through December nationwide .
While Wal - Mart spokesman Greg Rossiter refused to say whether that number is more or less than last year , he said the company had set that level " against the backdrop of more efficient staffing . "
" We obviously are trying to manage our costs and keep prices as low as possible , " he said .
Discounter Target ( TGT , Fortune 500 ) seems to be employing a similar strategy , although spokeswoman Laura Opsahl said the retailer would hire fewer workers in some markets as it " continues to experience soft sales . "
" Yes , in some instances where we project [ customer ] traffic may be down , it could affect the number of [ seasonal ] hires from previous years , " she said .
In 2007 , Opsahl said Target hired 100,000 holiday workers for its U.S. stores .
Holiday workers , such as cashiers and customer service representatives , typically represent 10 % - 20 % of department store operator J.C. Penney ( JCP , Fortune 500 ) 's annual hiring .
Penney spokesman Quinton Crenshaw said the retailer , too , was being cautious with its seasonal hiring .
" We expect to hire the same number as last year but we 'll see what the requirements are based on customer traffic , " Crenshaw said .
Electronics seller Best Buy ( BBY , Fortune 500 ) also is taking a wait - and - see approach to its holiday hiring requirements .
" We 're still determining the final details , but at this point we expect that the numbers may mirror last year 's numbers of roughly 26,500 seasonal hires , but it might be slightly less , " Dawn Bryant said in a e-mail to CNNMoney.com .
Howard Tubin , analyst with RBC Capital Markets , said less seasonal hiring could cut both ways for retailers in a difficult year .
" Retailers are trying to manage through a difficult situation , " he said .
" They do n't want to hurt their business , but they also need to improve their sales . "
That is where trimming temporary workers becomes a risky bet , given that customer service consistently ranks among the top things that attract and keep shoppers in a store , especially during the holiday shopping frenzy .
With fewer workers , consumers could have to wait longer at the checkout - and will simply opt to shop elsewhere , or not at all .
" Retailers are caught between a rock and a hard place , " said Challenger .
And the hard times for stores and would - be workers are likely to spill over into next year , said Deloitte Research 's Steidtmann .
" Next year , retailers will continue to be parsimonious in terms of costs , " he said .
" We will see many store closings , and retail employment will continue to contract . "
Credit crunch :
Not so happy holidays
Jobs : Worst in 5 years
Wal - Mart cuts prices on toys
Russia to scrap jury trials for wide range of crimes John Byrne
Published : Friday December 12 , 2008
Print This Email This Just .0006 % of cases were tried by jury in 2006 In Russia , democracy continues to erode .
Less than a year after then - President Vladimir Putin largely stage managed a transition from president to prime minister to get around a term limit law , and four years after the legislature gave Putin the power to appoint governors of his choosing , the Russian parliament has approved a measure that will strip a wide swath of suspects of their right to a jury trial .
By a 355 - 85 vote , the Kremlin - led lower house of parliament -- the Duma -- voted to give control of verdicts to a judge in cases of terrorism , hostage - taking , armed insurrection , sabotage and civil disturbances .
The proposal will now go to the upper house , where approval is certain .
Ironically for those who lived in the United States during the Cold War , it was Russian communists who rebuked the measure , saying it was another step away from democracy under the Putin - led era .
" It 's another blow to democratic principles of justice , " Communist lawmaker Viktor Ilyukhin said .
Very few suspects get jury even today Jury trials were introduced in 1993 , having been barred for nearly three - quarters of a century during Communist rule .
Yet even as recently as 2006 , only 700 of 1.2 million criminal cases were tried by a jury in Russia -- so the move may be considered more symbolic than material for most accused of crimes .
The country 's few remaining jury trials are known for their relatively high rate of acquittals , which a wire service said Friday was in part a result of Soviet - era suspicions of the legal process .
Putin's Russia has seen a marked deterioration in freedoms generally associated with living in a democratic country , though he remains broadly popular .
Russia 's economy has risen on the tide of rising oil prices .
The fledgling democracy saw a flourishing of independent media following the fall of the Soviet Union , but Putin -- who served as Russia 's president from 2000 to 2008 -- clamped down on critics in the press .
His term saw the disappearance of independent television stations ; the country 's three main television stations are now state - owned .
Almost a dozen journalists have been murdered in Russia since 2002 .
Bill author says juries unfairly acquit
One of the bill 's authors , Duma Security Committee chief Vladimir Vasilyev , argued that the measure was needed because juries have acquitted many suspects despite strong incriminating evidence .
Vasilyev , a member of Prime Minister Vladimir Putin 's dominant United Russia party , argued the trend was particularly visible in the volatile North Caucasus region , where he asserted that ties of clan and kin prompt juries to go easy on terrorism suspects .
" Do we want to look like good guys moving toward democracy ? " he said , addressing critics of the bill during Friday 's debate .
" I do , too , but the situation demands that we take this action . "
Critics of the bill denounced it as part of a Kremlin crackdown on post -Soviet freedoms .
" United Russia is trying to make the law fit its purpose of preserving power , " Ilyukhin said .
Legal experts say Russia 's justice system is compromised by political influence and corruption .
Some defense lawyers say state security agencies seek to infiltrate juries with operatives who will vote to convict , or blackmail or intimidate jurors into providing information that can be used to challenge acquittals .
Juries are sometimes disbanded in mid-trial , which according to some attorneys could be a pretext for removing jurors likely to acquit .
With AP .
Forget the news and the polls - Attack Ad Generator is where you want to be over the next four days .
The site lets you create your own attack ads by combining magnetic poetry with a baritone voice and imagery from the political season .
The results are absolutely hilarious .
To create your own attack ad , you choose a candidate to “ approve ” the message ( McCain , Obama , Ron Paul , or Stephen Colbert ) , and then select a background image to display .
Then , you choose the words that you would like spoken over the ad by sliding words into the “ narrator ” box – essentially the magnetic poetry concept , but on a Web page .
If you want to put some time in , you can create multiple scenes with text overlays .
Once you ’ve created your ad , you can save it and either link to it , email it , or embed it on a Web page .
Here is one I created quickly , along with two of the funnier ones I ’ve found attacking each of the candidates :
The site was created by Mike Demers , a software developer for YouSaidIt .
One might say that Bill Stewart is heavily invested in the state of West Virginia :
Not only does he coach the Mountaineers , but he was born and raised there .
The following video does n't quite rise to the level of a Jimmy Patsos email , but it 's head - scratchingly wonderful nonetheless .
Advertisement
Not shown :
All the comical question mark symbols over the writers ' heads .
Click to view
Your Photoshop challenge for today : Work up a West Virginia license plate with the words Enough Oil To Lubricate The World as the state motto .
about this card
Today is re-hash Wednesday , which means I get to post an older card that I happen to like .
Unless you have the need to intimidate an assortment of talking , literate farm animals , this card is n't going to be of much use to you .
But , by George Orwell , who would want to do that ?
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Fannie
Mae said on Monday it is losing money so fast it may have to tap government cash to avoid shutting down after the largest source of funding for U.S. homes posted a record $ 29 billion quarterly loss .
The headquarters of mortgage lender Fannie Mae is shown in Washington September 8 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
Fannie Mae , which along with rival Freddie Mac owns or guarantees about half of U.S. mortgages , reported its fifth consecutive quarterly loss .
The government forced the two companies into conservatorship in September .
The Washington - based company warned that the worst housing crisis since the Great Depression could wipe out its net worth by year - end , forcing it to seek funding from the Treasury in order to avoid the government putting it into receivership and closing down .
The company ’s loss stemmed largely from the write - down of the value of deferred tax breaks , which amounts to an admission it will continue to report losses .
Deferred tax assets can be used to offset future taxes , but only if the company can show it will return to profitability .
Credit expenses also soared to $ 9.2 billion in the quarter due to deteriorating mortgage credit conditions and as home prices declined , the company said in a statement .
Fannie
Mae also took big hits on exposure to other financial institutions , including $ 811 million in losses following the bankruptcy of Lehman Brothers Holdings Inc .
Fannie
Mae ’s loss was equivalent to $ 13 per share , compared with a loss of $ 1.4 billion , or $ 1.56 per share a year earlier .
The company warned of a big loss for the fourth quarter if the current downward trends in U.S. housing and financial markets continue .
Further losses this quarter may wipe out shareholder equity , which fell to $ 9.3 billion in the third quarter from $ 44 billion at the end of 2007 .
Negative shareholder equity would require Fannie Mae to tap a $ 100 billion capital backstop from the U.S. Treasury to help the company maintain operations that support the bulk of U.S. mortgages .
Formed as a government agency in 1938 , the company is an important crutch to housing because it purchases of loans and securities , and stamps its guarantee on loans it pools into mortgage - backed securities .
The Treasury has already injected cash into other financial institutions , and on Monday boosted a bailout for American International Group Inc as the giant insurer reported a record $ 24.47 billion loss .
“ It ’s a glaring symptom of what we face in the financial markets , ” said Andrew Harding , head of taxable bonds at Allegiant Asset Management in Cleveland , Ohio .
“ The Treasury has to finance this . ”
Overall core business losses are “ not so imposing ” to traders and investors , who might have worried if the Treasury backstop was enough , said Jim Vogel , a strategist at FTN Financial Capital Markets in Memphis , Tennessee .
However , accepting capital from the Treasury under current terms could raise costs and make it harder for Fannie Mae to return to profitability , the company said in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission .
Equity investors , while nearly wiped out under the conservatorship , have been eager to see if the regulator will instruct the companies to sacrifice profit for bigger volumes in their mortgage guarantee and investment businesses .
Both have been given the room to expand portfolios by a combined $ 200 billion through 2009 , but they have been slow to follow through as waning demand for their securities has inflated funding costs .
On top of restrictive debt costs , Fannie Mae said that it cannot issue securities in excess of 110 percent of its total indebtedness as of June 30 , based on the Treasury ’s senior preferred stock purchase plan negotiated in September .
That “ likely will prohibit us from increasing the size of our mortgage portfolio to $ 850 billion , unless Treasury elects to amend or waive this limitation , ” Fannie Mae said in its filing .
The portfolio was $ 761 billion in September .
Fannie
Mae said it was just $ 12 billion under its estimated debt limit as of October 31 .
Provisions for loan losses and other charges more than offset a 53 percent rise in revenue to more than $ 4 billion in the third quarter from a year earlier , as lower short - term borrowing rates boosted interest income from the portfolio .
Shares of Fannie Mae were little changed near 73 cents in early afternoon in New York .
Yield spread premiums on Fannie Mae five - year notes used to fund the portfolio narrowed about 0.05 percentage point to 1.115 percentage point .
“ They have to tap into Treasury funding , ” Harding said .
“ Fannie Mae is mandated to buy mortgage - backed securities .
How are they going to do that if they have a negative net worth ? ”
The Honda ’s Ecological Drive Assist System was presented in LA last week and now , Honda released images of the Japanese Insight ’s EDAS which the color - changing speedometer background , that is used in the system ’s guidance function .
If the color behind the number is green , you ’re driving efficiently and when you ’re driving in the least economical way , the whole screen turns blue .
The Honda ’s Ecological Drive Assist System was presented in LA last week and now , Honda released images of the Japanese Insight ’s EDAS which the color - changing speedometer background , that is used in the system ’s guidance function .
If the color behind the number is green , you ’re driving efficiently and when you ’re driving in the least economical way , the whole screen turns blue .
Honda Colors to Curb Speeding
The Japan version of the Insight will also be able to integrate with the optional Honda HDD InterNavi System , and combined with this system , the EDAS can give more advice on how to enhance fuel economy while driving , specifically by looking through a driver ’s history and suggesting driver - specific changes .
I ca n’t wait to see the new Insight with EDAS in the spring of 2009 .
California stadium rockers Journey have reached an unlikely milestone in popular song : their power ballad Do n't Stop Believin ' has become the biggest - ever catalogue song on digital platforms .
First made available through Apple 's service in April 2003 , it is the first catalogue song - meaning a song released in the pre-digital era , but later re-released through the iTunes store - to exceed sales of 2 m , according to statistical powerhouse SoundScan .
Part of Don't Stop Believin 's resurgence in popularity can be put down to its inclusion in the finale of HBO's hit mafia drama The Sopranos in June last year .
i Tunes sales rocketed 482 per cent in the period between the episode airing on June 9 and the following Tuesday , June 12 .
Originally released in 1981 , the track , from the band 's Escape album , is described by All Music Guide as having " one of the best opening keyboard riffs in rock " .
Meanwhile , Apple themselves are having a spectacularly good recession , recently announcing a 34 per cent increase in music products and services in 2008 .
They also reported a jump from $ 2.5 bn last year to $ 3.34n for revenues from iTunes downloads , and iPod devices and accessories .
However , music sales counted for just 10 per cent of all Apple sales this year .
See also : “ Why do the nations so furiously rage together , and why do the people imagine a vain thing ? ” ( Messiah , Jennens libretto , adapted from Psalm 2 , KJV )
Yes , when I finally read the Lisa Miller essay in Newsweek to find out what the fuss was all about , it instantly occurred to me , and I will put it bluntly : it is not homosexuality as such that is abomination to the Christian Right , it is the idea of a God who loves everyone and who honors love and fidelity in all forms and expressions .
These people imagine a vain thing , and they imagine it in a way that has consequences that are dangerous to themselves and others .
They imagine that God Almighty shares their particular prejudices and their particular politics .
They think of the Bible as uniquely theirs to own and interpret .
And so they rage furiously together when someone like Lisa Miller has the temerity to present , in a national publication with significant reach , other ways to construe the divine stammering ( Schleiermacher ) that is contained within the sixty - six books that most Protestants take to be the whole of Holy Writ .
Although some of the furiously raging still claim a Calvinist lineage , they forget that for Jean Calvin , as for Fr. Luther , nothing in Scripture that contradicts the spirit of Christ , as disclosed in the words and deeds , can claim ultimate canonical authority for the baptized .
A friend and colleague of mine in Pasadena , Fuller Seminary professor Glen Stassen , once observed that he could not find many fundamentalist sermons from the 1990s ( he had been reviewing Southern Baptist sermons in particular ) that actually drew upon the teachings and parables of Jesus .
The proof texts and sermon texts these preachers used were nearly all rules and regulations laid down in Levitical holiness codes , in wrath - filled passages from the prophetic literature , and in the Pauline and pseudo - Pauline literature .
This heavy reliance on rule - bound scriptural teaching works really well for wannabe moral enforcers , but to recall the words of our Saviour ( himself quoting Isaiah ) : “ These people honor me with their lips , but their hearts are far from me . ”
I am no trained theologian , nor do I pretend to be .
But I must observe that neither , for the most part , are Miller ’s attackers trained theologians .
Yet most of those in the attack pack do exhibit unearned pretension ( sin against the Holy Spirit , anyone ? ) to ultimate knowledge of what the Bible is about and also to ultimate knowledge of what Jesus intends for us poor mortals with respect to who we can love and who we cannot love .
For a truly enlightened theological discussion of biblical authority , I defer to my own organization ’s hardworking theology squad , which published ( in Resistance : The New Role of Progressive Christians , Westminster John Knox , 2008 ) the best account I have yet seen of how contemporary Christians are to hear and respond to the Bible ’s prophetic testimony .
I myself am just a country preacher and a wannabe organizer of faithful Christian people .
I am not currently married myself ( in case anyone is interested ) , but I have officiated at the marriages of lots of people and counseled many others who are unhappily married .
I yield to no one in my love for the God ’s Word — both those sixty - six books and also the revealed Word in the person of Christ Jesus .
Here are my own biblical and theological lodestars with respect to marriage :
1 . God loves human individuality , and the indwelling of the Creator God ’s image and likeness cannot possibly be limited to persons whose sexual behavior and / or models of marriage conform to some culturally constructed earthly norm — a 20th century Ozzie and Harriet norm , evidently , in the case of the furiously raging .
2 . God ’s supreme gift to humanity is what we call communion ( a concept too rich to unpack here ) , and the highest human expression of communion is what we call marriage .
Because God clearly intends all to enjoy this highest gift , and because same - sex couples clearly do enjoy it in equal measure with non-same - sex couples , it is humanly perverse not to honor and recognize the communion of same - sexers .
3 . In respect to the alleged procreative function , do we not often affirm at wedding ceremonies that the love between those to be wedded mirrors the love between Christ and Christ ’s church — clearly a non-procreative love ?
( I ’m just asking . )
4 . Even if we were to accept the terms furiously raging and go with the Pauline prescriptions and proscriptions , what are we to make of that late - called apostle ’s famous pronouncement , “ But if they cannot contain , let them marry : for it is better to marry than to burn ” ( I Corinthians 7:9 ) ?
Here is what I make of it in relation to marriage equality :
You who rage so furiously cannot have it both ways !
You cannot denounce gay people for their alleged sexual promiscuity , yet deny gays and lesbians any option but total sexual continence — a standard you yourselves could never abide .
Where is the “ do unto others … ” in such a stance ?
What the raging conservative Christians , in their role as would - be sole proprietors of biblical interpretation , have done in respect to marriage is actually rather sad when you think about it .
They have imagined a vain thing .
They have built themselves an idol , calling it sanctified marriage and presuming to define sanctified marriage as occurring only between “ one man and one woman . ”
How insulting to the human spirit !
And how mightily insulting to the great “ I AM , ” whose ways are not our ways , and who can tolerate lots of human foibles but who really has a big problem ( if the Bible can be trusted ) with the one thing called idolatry .
( CNN ) -- Sean Penn and Gus Van
Sant have a proposition for us : a biopic dedicated to the memory of San Francisco activist and City Supervisor Harvey Milk , the first openly gay man to be elected to public office in California , who was murdered by a fellow supervisor in 1978 .
Sean Penn plays San Francisco City Supervisor Harvey Milk in " Milk , " directed by Gus Van Sant .
The subject may be a tricky sell , but the timing feels right -- a few weeks late to save Californians ' same - sex marriage rights , admittedly , but the need to keep on fighting through adversity may be Milk 's most important legacy .
And " Milk " is a powerful movie that will stir more than a few hearts and minds .
An audiotape Milk records " just in case " is screenwriter Dustin Lance Black 's convenient structuring device , foregrounding the story 's tragic outcome and allowing Milk to narrate his own life story .
In this telling , it 's a life that begins at 40 -- when he picks up Scott ( James Franco ) , falls in love , comes out and drops out .
The year is 1970 , and San Francisco beckons .
Their Castro Street camera store soon becomes a focal point for the booming gay community , and it's not long before Milk makes the first of several unsuccessful runs for district supervisor .
Civic elections might seem like small beer , but the persecution that compelled Milk to run for office is no trivial matter .
The gay rights movement 's most critical accomplishment , the film suggests , is how it liberated gays to be themselves .
As Milk tries to explain to his heterosexual colleague Dan White ( Josh Brolin ) , this is n't about principles , it 's about people 's lives -- three of his lovers had threatened suicide .
One of them , Jack Lira ( Diego Luna ) , goes through with it .
The political can't get more personal than that .
Ironically , the devoutly " normal "
White is the one who is truly messed up .
Here 's another irony :
To earn the recognition and validation of the voters , Milk has to shed his reborn hippie uniform and ponytail , put on a suit and get a haircut .
Making the same calculation , director Gus Van Sant has axed the long takes and experimentalism that made " Elephant " and " Paranoid Park " arresting but decidedly marginal experiences and turned in his most conventional movie since " Finding Forrester . "
In other words , he 's playing it straight this time .
The strategy is sound ; the execution , nearly flawless .
Van
Sant captures the time and the place with unobtrusive precision , seamlessly mixing in reams of archival news reports .
( She may not know it , but Anita Bryant has a co-starring role in this movie . )
iReport.com : Share your reviews of ' Milk '
Penn is studied and thoughtful , impassioned and immediately sympathetic as Milk .
It 's easy to see how he attracts so much support -- and how his drive and commitment do n't leave enough time for a " real " life .
When Penn smiles , there 's always pain there -- it 's almost a wince -- and he smiles a lot here .
" Milk " may be a little too homogenized for some tastes .
Like " Philadelphia " and " Brokeback Mountain , " it 's careful how it advances its agenda ( and it does have one ) .
But it 's not just a single - issue movie .
In its conviction that " change " is n't effected through rhetoric alone , but through the hard slog of campaign work , persuasion , inspiration , inclusion and good old , bad old politicking , " Milk " says something about how progress is achieved in America .
In that respect , it evokes the best aspirations of the country -- and , for that matter , of filmmaking .
All About San Francisco • Gay and Lesbian Relationships
Hotline
089 / 70 80 90 90 *
Du erreichst unsere Hotline zu folgenden Zeiten :
Mo-Fr : 8 - 20 Uhr | Sa. 10 - 16 Uhr
089 / 70 80 90 90
* Es fallen die Kosten deines Providers für Telefonate in das deutsche Festnetz an .
Tags
What constitutes stable money ?
Most people today would likely say that money is stable if the price level of a given basket of consumer goods and services remains constant over time , or at least rises no more than around 2 % on an annual basis .
Such an interpretation would echo what central banks — today 's monopoly suppliers of government paper money — have promised to deliver : in line with Irving Fisher 's ( 1867-1947 ) concept of an " index number standard , " central banks aim to preserve the value of money by keeping the annual rise of a consumer price index at a low and stable level over time .
Fisher 's approach was designed to make the US dollar one of constant purchasing power and not one of a constant amount ( weight ) of gold or anything else .
For Ludwig von Mises — a fervent supporter of the gold standard and not impressed by theoretical fashions and fads of the day — the very idea of rendering the purchasing power of money stable did not originate from endeavors to make the crucial role of money , namely economic calculation , more correct but to do justice to the idea of " stabilization " : " Shortcomings in the governments ' handling of monetary matters and the disastrous consequences of policies aimed at lowering the rate of interest and at encouraging business activities through credit expansion gave birth to the ideas which finally generated the slogan " stabilization . "
Mises was critical of Fisher 's index number concept primarily because of the notion of the " human urge towards action " — the very nature of human action — which implies incessant change .
" In the actual world of change , there are no fixed points , dimensions , or relations which could serve as a standard . "
More specifically , Mises explained : " The pretentious solemnity which statisticians and statistical bureaus display in computing indexes of purchasing power and cost of living is out of place .
These index numbers are at best rather crude and inaccurate illustrations of changes which have occurred . "
Mises conceded , however , that the index number concept , notwithstanding its serious conceptual shortcomings , could play a crucial role in the process of an economy 's price movement as it would make the people inflation - conscious .
He believed that once the use of inflation index numbers became common , it would force the government to slow down the inflation pace to make the people believe that the inflationary policy is merely " a temporary expedient for the duration of a passing emergency , one that will stop before long . "
Today , index targeting is widely viewed as a state - of - the - art concept , and criticism has largely been confined to the issue of the choice of the actual index .
In a much observed paper , Alchian and Klein ( 1973 ) argue that the price index targeted by monetary policy should not only include the prices of consumption goods and services but those of assets as well .
They contend that a theoretically correct measure of inflation is the change in the price of a given level of utility , which , in addition to currently produced goods prices , also includes the present value of future consumption .
To capture the price of future consumption , Alchian and Klein contend that monetary authorities should target a price index that includes asset prices .
Bryan , Cecchetti , and O'Sullivan ( 2002 ) , for instance , concur , arguing that because it omits asset prices ( especially housing prices ) , the US consumer price index seriously understated the loss of purchasing power during the 1990s .
The point made by Alchian and Klein would gain in importance if the development of the consumer price index and that other prices in the economy , notably those of assets such as , for instance , real estate , housing , stocks and bonds , etc , would not exhibit a reliable relationship over time ; that is to say if a given rise in the consumer price index is not a proper indication of what is happening to asset prices and therefore to the economy 's total price level .
This is because in an extreme case , changes in consumer and asset prices could completely decouple ( at least for a certain period to time ) .
So even in a situation in which consumer price inflation is modest , this finding does not necessarily suggest that the purchasing power of money is preserved : " Asset price inflation " — the excessive rise in the prices of the economy 's stock of wealth — could actually lead to a rise in the economy 's total price level .
The latter issue , if observed in practice , would have a direct impact for money holders .
Rising asset prices that are not compensated for by declining prices of goods and services would simply imply inflation , an erosion of the purchasing power of money .
In fact , asset price inflation is by no means less destructive for the value of money than " traditional " consumer price inflation .
Interestingly enough , however , central banks and the public at large have remained relatively relaxed about the issue of asset price inflation .
While there would be nothing wrong with , for instance , ( strongly ) rising stock and / or housing prices over time , to preserve the purchasing power of money under the index standard , such price increases would have to be accompanied by proportional declines of other prices to keep the economy 's total price level unchanged .
If this were not the case , the outcome would be a debasement of the purchasing power of money .
To take a brief look at the data , Figure 1 shows the development of the consumer price indices , long - term bond prices and stock prices in the US , Japan , Germany and the UK from the beginning of the 1980 to July 2005 .
With the exception of Japan , in all economies stock prices exhibited , on average , the strongest rise exceeding the increase in consumer prices by quite a wide margin .
Whereas in the US and the UK bond prices rose more or less in line with consumer prices , they outstripped the increase of the cost of living indices in Japan and Germany .
These , admittedly incomplete , snapshots might well suggest that in the countries reviewed the " real " erosion of the purchasing power of money could be ( much ) greater than indicated by changes in consumer prices alone .
If this supposition holds true , however , holding money could be economically unwise if the motive is to store up wealth :
It would even end in painful real wealth losses for money holders if the interest rate paid on balances does not make up for the rise in the economy 's total price level .
Figure 1 : Consumer and selected asset prices in the US , Japan , Germany and the UK , 1980 — 2005
Source : Thomson Financial ; own estimates .
— January 1980 ( which is indexed to 100 ) to June 2005 ; Japan January 1984 is indexed to 100 .
All values in natural logarithm . —
Bond prices indices represent 10 - year government bonds . —
Stock price indices represent broadly defined market capitalization indices .
How can inflation , once it has gained momentum , be stopped ?
Friedrich August von Hayek was well aware why this would be a difficult task : inflation " is particularly dangerous because the harmful aftereffects of even small doses of inflation can be staved off only by larger doses of inflation .
Once it has continued for some time , even the prevention of further acceleration will create a situation in which it will be very difficult to avoid a spontaneous deflation .
Once certain activities that have become extended can be maintained only by continued inflation , their simultaneous discontinuation may well produce that vicious and rightly feared process in which the decline of some incomes leads to the decline of other incomes , and so forth . "
Indeed , peoples ' experience with the workings of the world financial system in the last decade (s ) could make it quite a challenge to end an inflationary path , once it has started .
Rising asset prices such as stocks , government and corporate bonds , and housing have become a characteristic feature of international markets .
Mainstream economists argue that rising asset prices represent a " wealth effect , " making these price increases welcome : people would feel richer , thereby increasing consumption and investment spending , fostering economic growth and employment .
This is , of course , a false conjecture : whereas holders of assets that are subject to price increase would indeed become richer , those holding money would be stripped of wealth to the same extent .
As such , asset price inflation — like " traditional " consumer price inflation — does not make society richer , especially not when the negative effects of inflation on growth and employment are taken into account .
In the financial industry , for instance , rising asset prices usually entail extensive investment in technical equipment and human capital .
As a result , companies could all too easily develop a vested interest in the continuation of rising prices and would likely oppose a change in the course of things .
No less important in this context , time series properties of financial asset prices form the basis of risk management tools and strategies of major financial market players — such as banks , insurance companies , mutual and hedge fund managers , and also industrial companies — making the health of the industry effectively dependent on the continuation of the inflation path seen in the past .
A deliberately orchestrated " structural break " with inflation by monetary policy — that is , reigning in money and credit expansion with the objective of preserving the purchasing power of money — might therefore be likely to meet fierce opposition from various quarters .
Ending an inflationary policy , if it is not perceived by the public as a necessary measure to stop an unhealthy and unsustainable development , would amount to a blow to socially powerful interest groups .
On top of that , it might require substantial adjustment costs in various industries , potentially leading to temporary losses in output and employment .
Orchestrating such a change in monetary policy is all the more challenging as central bankers — due to government and public opinion pressure — have become increasingly sensitive towards ( short term ) changes in the business cycle rather than securing the very conditions for preserving the purchasing power of money in the long run :
" The manner in which inflation operates explains why it is so difficult to resist when policy mainly concerns itself with particular situations rather with general conditions and with short term rather than long - term problems .
It is usually the easy way out of any temporary difficulties for both government and private business . "
But , as Mises outlined convincingly , inflation cannot continue forever .
He put it succinctly : " But then finally the masses wake up .
They become suddenly aware of the fact that inflation is a deliberate policy and will go on endlessly .
A breakdown occurs .
The crack - up boom appears .
Everybody is anxious to swap his money against " real " goods , no matter whether he needs them or not , no matter how much money he has to pay for them .
Within a very short time , within a few weeks or even days , the things which were used as money are no longer used as media of exchange .
They become scrap paper .
Nobody wants to give away anything against them . "
To preserve the purchasing power of money under the index number concept , preliminary evidence suggests that monetary policy can no longer define price stability on the basis of a consumer price index alone .
Central banks will have to take into account asset prices — at least as long as monetary policy cannot be sure that the former is a proper indication for the latter .
Latest attempts on the part of central banks , namely having started discussing and researching the issue of asset price inflation , have therefore to be welcomed .
What remains unsolved even then , however , is the fact outlined by Mises on numerous occasions that money is not neutral .
Therefore monetary expansion will distort the structure of relative prices — even if a price index does not change — and might thus precipitate crisis .
The bottom line of it all is that the growth of money and credit , so far generously handed out by the world 's major central banks and considered as the appropriate policy , have to be reduced substantially — or , as the Austrian School of economics demands — stopped altogether if the purchasing power of money shall be preserved .
For the benefit of the people , stable money has to become and remain a reality rather than a myth — despite the adjustment costs for ending an unsustainable practice .
It ’s too much work , like using a manual typewriter .
( “ I could n’t send two e-mails on this thing , ” said one disappointed veteran . )
It ’s no help that the Storm shows you two different keyboards , depending on how you ’re holding it ( it has a tilt sensor like the iPhone ’s ) .
When you hold it horizontally , you get the full , familiar Qwerty keyboard layout .
But when you turn it upright , you get the less accurate SureType keyboard , where two letters appear on each “ key , ” and the software tries to figure out which word you ’re typing .
For example , to type “ get , ” you press the GH , ER and TY keys .
Unfortunately , that ’s also “ hey . ”
You can see the problem .
And trying to enter Web addresses or unusual last names is utterly hopeless .
Furthermore , despite having had more than a year to study the iPhone , R.I.M. has failed to exploit the virtues of an on - screen keyboard .
A virtual keyboard ’s keys can change , permitting you to switch languages or even alphabet systems within a single sentence .
A virtual keyboard can offer canned blobs of text like “ .com ” and “ .org ” when it senses that you ’re entering a Web address , or offer an @ key when addressing e-mail .
But not on the Storm .
Incredibly , the Storm even muffs simple navigation tasks .
When you open a menu , the commands are too close together ; even if your finger seems to be squarely on the proper item , your click often winds up activating something else in the list .
Image The Storm can display a touch - screen Qwerty keyboard , above , or SureType keys .
Credit ... Lucas Jackson / Reuters
To scroll a list , you ’re supposed to flick your finger across the screen , just as on the iPhone .
But even this simple act is head - bangingly frustrating ; the phone takes far too long to figure out that you ’re swiping and not just tapping .
It inevitably highlights some random list item when you began to swipe , and then there ’s a disorienting delay before the scrolling begins .
Treasury Department investigating US Attorney for leaking state Supreme Court Justice 's tax returns
Larisa Alexandrovna
Published : Monday December 1 , 2008
Print This Email This
The Department of Justice 's Office of Professional Responsibility and the US Treasury Department are investigating allegations that a Bush - appointed US Attorney inappropriately shared private income tax information on one of his targets with a state judicial commission that included one of his relatives , according to court documents and a source close to the investigation .
Dunnica Lampton , the US Attorney for the Southern District of Mississippi , is already under investigation for allegations of political prosecutions in his state .
According to new documents viewed by Raw Story , Lampton allegedly shared the private income tax records of then - Mississippi Supreme Court Justice Oliver E. Diaz Jr. with the Mississippi Commission on Judicial Performance and with one of its then - commissioners , his distant cousin Leslie B. Lampton .
The US Attorney also shared the tax records of Diaz 's wife , Jennifer , and those were also allegedly shared without authorization , said a source close to the DOJ investigation .
Documents shown to Raw Story relating to the case confirm that a criminal investigation is underway .
These documents did not include the Diaz 's tax returns themselves .
In addition to the Justice Department investigation , the office of the United States Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration is also probing Lampton 's conduct , the source said .
The special agent assigned to the case is said to be Kelly Sopko .
Reached by phone last Monday , a Treasury spokesperson would not confirm that Sopko worked for the Department or that there was an investigation .
Sopko also did not respond to repeated emails and calls for comment .
The Commission on Judicial Performance
since said
Tax returns had not been in the public record
earlier this year
Third attempt to remove Diaz from court
[ email protected ]
Alamy
HALLOWEEN is still a week away , but homes throughout Silicon Valley are already adorned with images of witches , skeletons and assorted ghouls and gargoyles .
Horror stories have also been plentiful in the Valley , courtesy of the region 's high - tech companies .
On October 21st Yahoo !
said it would cut its staff of around 15,000 by at least a tenth .
Given the internet firm 's woes — its third - quarter profit fell by 64 % , to $ 54 m , as online advertising withered — the cuts were perhaps inevitable .
Equally striking has been a wave of lay - offs at much smaller start - up companies , which are bracing themselves for a coming recession .
Unlike firms in most other industries , which have not seen a severe downturn since the early 1990s , tech companies still bear the scars of the dotcom bust of 2001 .
The folk that ran them then learnt painful lessons that many of today 's entrepreneurs appear to have taken on board — and that managers in other companies would do well to reflect on .
Chief among them are the importance of swift and deep cost - cutting ; of focusing scarce resources on core activities ; and of convincing investors that your business strategy is a winner .
Given that entrepreneurs tend to be tireless optimists , even experienced hands need a scare .
And they are getting it from the venture - capital outfits that have backed many fledgling firms .
Sequoia Capital , a leading investor in start - ups , began a recent presentation to bosses of companies in which it owns a stake with a Halloween - style image of a gravestone carrying the words “ R.I.P. Good Times ” .
Sequoia went on to urge the executives to cut costs fast so that their firms would not run out of money before becoming profitable .
Other venture capitalists are echoing its message .
“ Rule number one is to take immediate measures so you can stay in the game , ” says Mike Speiser of Sutter Hill Ventures , another VC firm .
Life will be hardest for the many start - ups that are still in the red .
Those that need more capital soon will get it only at a very high price if they can get it at all , as venture capitalists tighten their purse strings .
According to the National Venture Capital Association , a trade group , and PricewaterhouseCoopers , a consultancy , VC firms provided $ 7.1 billion of funding in the third quarter of this year , but are likely to cut that amount in coming months .
Venture capitalists are feeling the pinch too .
They are finding it harder to unload the stakes they own in start - ups .
Big companies which are themselves short of cash are extremely wary of splashing out on the minnows in VC firms ' portfolios .
At the same time , investors are shunning initial public offerings of venture - backed firms ( see chart ) , which have fallen to their lowest level since 1977 .
Experts reckon that the market may remain comatose until at least the end of next year .
All this explains why the bosses of several start - ups have started to wield a big axe .
Redfin , an online property - broker , and AdBrite , a web - based advertising network , which both had about 100 employees , have slashed their headcount by 20 % and 40 % respectively this month .
Pandora , a music - streaming business , and Searchme , a visual search engine , are among the rapidly growing collection of other start - ups that have also announced job losses .
Deep cuts like these may be painful in the short - term , but they are better both for profits and morale than repeated rounds of small lay - offs .
In 2001 many firms trimmed too little , too late .
Of course , slashing the workforce now may not make sense for some start - ups .
Those focused on areas such as gaming and health care , which may be less vulnerable to a recession , are likely to keep hiring .
And companies making big lay - offs could still add new heads in some areas .
Announcing a 25 % cut in staff numbers at Zillow , another property - related website , Rich Barton , the company 's chief executive , said in a blog posting that the firm would still hire people in ad sales and other revenue - generating roles .
Another useful strategy is to shed projects that are not central to a start - up 's business .
Executives at Jive Software , which produces online collaboration tools for corporate clients , say it is now far better at scrapping initiatives that do not seem to be paying off .
Once these have been placed on a “ kill list ” , there is no further discussion about them .
In the past the lack of a formal process for canning ideas meant that many lived on , absorbing time and resources better spent elsewhere .
Elon Musk , boss of Tesla Motors , a start - up that recently began producing an electric sports car , learnt useful lessons from the dotcom bust .
He steered PayPal through the early days of the shakeout by maintaining a focus on its core online - payments business and by ditching plans to develop other offerings .
Thanks to this discipline , PayPal continued to grow and sold itself to eBay in July 2002 .
At Tesla Motors , he has delayed plans to add an electric sedan to its product - range from 2010 to mid-2011 so that the company can concentrate more resources on improving margins on its existing car and on expanding its profitable business of building powertrains for other carmakers — a decision partly inspired by his experience at PayPal .
Mr Musk is also trimming jobs at Tesla .
“ You need to show investors that you have been super - frugal with their money , ” he says .
More than ever , entrepreneurs need to be able to reassure VC firms on the basic principle that their business models can in future throw off far more cash than investors have pumped into their firms .
Mike Kwatinetz of Azure Capital Partners , a VC firm , reckons that many of what he calls “ carpetbagger entrepreneurs ” — inexperienced youngsters who turned up in Silicon Valley in recent years with a view to getting rich quick — will come a cropper in the downturn because they do not have the foggiest idea of how to turn a profit .
Yet Mr Kwatinetz is bullish about the prospects for those start - ups that manage to survive the crisis .
They will face a much less crowded field and their managers will have honed their moneymaking skills in the harshest of all environments .
He is on the lookout for firms that could become the next Bill Me Later , which Azure Capital bought into in 2001 .
Founded the previous year , the company lets internet users make online purchases without using a credit card .
After surviving several ups and downs , it was sold to eBay on October 6th for some $ 945 m .
It is such Croesus - like sums that make start - ups worth all the toil and trouble .
Only one this week , sorry .
Real work , stupid deadlines .
Oh , and do n’t forget to vote on IsItFunnyToday , if you have a minute .
Thanks !
Transcript to the movie Repo Man
compiled by Steve Farmer and Bob Cantor Changes found in the US TV version are shown in this color .
Scenes or lines removed in the TV version are enclosed in [ ] 's , while dialogue in ( ) 's replaces whatever came immediately before it .
Various TV versions may differ due to editing for time ( this is not the same as the British TV version which is reputed to contain all of the scenes from the theatrical version in addition to the deleted scenes and also to have less dubbing than the US version ) .
The Blu - Ray disc is supposed to contain the entire TV version ( and some new interviews ) , but I have not been able to view this because I 'm a slow adapter who does n't yet have any Blu - Ray capabilities at home .
Directions and lines from the published screenplay are enclosed in ( ) 's and displayed in this color .
The 1988 faber and faber publication ( ISBN 0-571-12977-3 ) is used as the source of the screenplay .
Directions and lines from a screenplay available on Alex Cox 's website are displayed in this color .
This is an earlier version than the published one and contains handwritten notes in the margins .
Note that the US TV version was edited by director Alex Cox and contains scenes and lines which were not included in the theatrical version of the movie , although several of these scenes do appear in the video trailer .
The VHS and DVD contain the theatrical release and therefore do not show the scenes .
The extras included in the Collector 's Edition DVD , released in January 2006 , does contain an interview with Cox which shows the removed scenes .
I have not included scenes which did not appear in either the theatrical or TV versions , but I do indicate where they would have been based on the original script .
Spanish dialog is provided on a best - guess basis , and enclosed in parenthesis when just making a wild guess .
Reported goofs are flagged with an *.
A few key places in the film have been tagged with the time they appear .
This is based on the Focus Features Collector 's Edition DVD .
The entire movie runs 1:32:04 ( not including the DVD lead - ins and trailers ) .
Return to the Repo Man Links Page
Opening credits UNIVERSAL : An MCA Company [ 00:00:17 ] music in background Michael Nesmith Presents An Edge City Production Harry Dean Stanton Emilio Estevez
Repo Man theme music now begins playing .
Map is shown in background ( green text on black background ) , zoomed in on Los Alamos , New Mexico .
While remaining credits are shown , the map travels to Sante Fe , then Albuquerque , then begins following US66 west through Arizona to California , finally ending up a few miles east of Goffs ( northwest of Needles ) .
Green ' 64 Chevy Malibu
[ 00:02:21 ]
Malibu is weaving down the highway in the desert , passes billboard with motorcycle cop behind it .
Actually , it 's just an old sign on the ground propped up like a lean - to ( it was supposed to be a billboard advertising Reverend Larry 's Gospel Vigilante Hour , but in the movie , we can't see the front of it . )
Cop pulls out on road behind Malibu and then pulls up along side .
* From along side the car , we can see that the window is open , but when the shot changes to inside the car , the window is closed . *
J. Frank Parnell ( driving the Malibu and singing softly ) : Forty - niner and his daughter Clementine .
Oh my darlin , oh my darlin ... ( he 's singing lyrics from " Viva Las Vegas " )
Motorcycle cop pulls the car over , gets off motorcycle and raps on car window .
J. Frank Parnell : Clementine Clemen -
County Sheriff :
Let me see your drivers license .
Motorcycle Radio :
Post ten -eighteen .
Post ten -eighteen .
County Sheriff : From out of town , hmm ?
What 's you got in the trunk ?
( this was preceded by some questions about whether Parnell is intoxicated and Parnell explaining that he is " High on life " )
J. Frank Parnell : oah ... you do n't want to look in there .
County Sheriff : Give me the keys .
* Looking from the back of the car as the Sheriff says this , we see that the driver is no longer wearing glasses and appears to be a completely different person . *
The motorcycle cop takes the keys , walks around to the back of the car and opens the trunk .
The car has New Mexico license plates KBB - 283 .
In every scene after this when the plates are visible , they will be 127 - GBH .
This might refer to " Charged GBH " , which was ( and may still be ) a British punk band , or to the possibility that some consider GBH to stand for " Grevious Bodily Harm " .
* In several scenes we see the plates on the front of the car , but it has been reported that New Mexico only uses plates on the rear . *
County Sheriff : AHHHHHH !
The motorcycle cop gets disintegrated , leaving behind a pair of flaming boots ( a reference to the movie Timerider , which was co-written and produced by Michael Nesmith ) .
Parnell watches from side mirror , where we see that the left side of his sunglasses have no lens .
* Parnell drives away without bothering to retrieve his keys from the Sheriff . *
J. Frank Parnell ( driving away ) :
Oh my darlin Clementine , you are lost now gone forever , dreadful sorry Clementine .
Otto and Kevin , in the supermarket , facing cans of generic yellow cling sliced peaches ( cans of spinach ) .
Kevin and Otto are wearing pale blue aprons , pale blue striped shirts and black bow ties .
They have a large button on their apron , but I 've not been able to make out what it says ( HI ! I 'M _____! I 'M HERE TO SERVE ) .
Otto very noticeably has an earring in his left ear , a dangling silver cross .
The sale sign behind the cans , and others in the scene , identify the market as the " Pik 'n Pay " .
" Pick 'n Pay " is a major chain in South Africa , which supposedly has something to do with producer Jonathan Wacks .
Kevin is singing the 7 - up jingle .
Note that the actual words have been reported as being " It 's a crisp refreshing feeling , crispy clear and light , America 's turning 7 - up and it sure feels right ... "
Kevin : Do Do Do De Do De Do De Do De Do Feeling Do De Da Do DeDo De Do Feeling seven -up .
I 'm feeling seven - up .
Feeling seven up .
I 'm feeling seven up .
It 's a crisp refreshing feeling crystal clear and light .
America 's drinking seven - up and it sure feels right .
Feeling lucky seven .
Otto puts price sticker on Kevin 's glasses .
Otto : Kevin stop singing man .
Kevin : Feeling seven eleven .
Kevin : Hum .
I was n't singing guy .
Otto : I 'm standing right next to you and you 're fucking ( flippin ) singing .
Cut it out .
Kevin : Jeeze .
Why so tense guy ?
( At this point , Otto catches Duke trying to shoplift .
The scene ends and cuts to a conversation between the two in which Otto tells
Duke that he 's living in his parents garage , something we can briefly see in one of the deleted scenes . )
The Assistant Manager arrives , flanked by a security guard
Mr. Humphries : Otto ?
Kevin : Mister Humphries !
Mr. Humphries :
You were late again this morning .
Now normally I 'd let it go but it 's been brought to my attention that you 're not paying attention to the way you space the cans .
Many young men of your age in these uncertain times -
Mr. Humphries : Otto !
Are you paying attention to me ?
Luis : Hey !
He 's talking to you !
Otto [ giving Luis the middle finger with both hands ] : Fuck ( flip ) you !
Kevin chuckles
Otto grabs Kevin by the front of his shirt , steps around him , and pushes him into the stack of cans *( this has been reported as a goof but it 's clearly just a case of awkward staging used to make the shot work ) * .
Luis pulls his gun .
Luis : ( Basta ! ) [ Bendecho .
Come on fucker .
Come on just try it .
Come on . ]
Kevin :
You gotta love getting fired from your job in a big way , Otto .
Mr. Humphries ( to Kevin ) : What are you laughing at ?
Louie , throw him out too .
Luis : Come on you [ fucking ] worm .
Get out of here .
Luis shoves Kevin down aisle where Otto is walking out .
Otto takes off his clip - on bow tie and tosses it back towards Luis .
Luis twirls his gun and puts it away .
Note that the store aisle is lined with nothing but generic products , plain black lettering on white background .
All products in the movie have this appearance .
Punks slamdancing to Coup D'etat in the back of a warehouse .
Otto is there slamdancing and Duke walks up , the two of them swing each other around .
Behind them , the graffiti on the wall says " Circle Jerks " , a band which will appear later in the movie .
Otto :
How you doing dude ?
When did you get out of the slammer man ?
* Reports say that Otto 's mouth is not moving or properly synchronized , but it looks ok to me . *
Otto enters bedroom where Debbi is waiting in bed .
( Otto tells Debbi that he 's been drafted , but that he can't skip town because he has to finish school so his father will pay for him to go to Europe . )
[ Otto , getting undressed : Ah. Excuse me while I fold my pants .
Debbi :
What 's the difference ? ]
Otto : Huh ?
Otto lays back on the bed and puts his hands behind his head .
Otto : okay
Debbi pulls back his shirt a little and begins kissing his stomach , then stops .
Debbi : Otto .
Otto .
Otto : What ?
Debbi :
Get me another beer .
Otto goes downstairs and there 's a party going on .
He passes Archie on his way to the kitchen .
( Archie turns and enters the bedroom after Otto passes ) .
Institutionalized plays in background .
( Kevin brags about a sexual conquest ) ( Kevin brags about a wild punk weekend )
Kevin : Ow. Cool .
Ow. Dammit .
I 'm supposed to be the host here .
Kevin : Ow !
( Otto returns to the bedroom with beer but finds that Debbi and Archie are there " getting down " .
Back in the kitchen , he and Duke are arm wrestling while Kevin talks about buying a gun .
These scenes are shown in the " Missing Scenes " featurette on the DVD but were never used . )
( Now Kevin brags about the sexual conquest , followed by a discussion of Otto having to go fight in Mexico or Guatemala or somewhere )
Kevin : I think you done the right thing , Otto .
I mean , we 're all gonna get killed anyway .
If the Government decides there 's got to be a war , well , then , there 's go to be a war , right ?
I mean , if you can't trust your leaders , who you gonna trust ?
The RUSSIANS ?
Otto returns to the bedroom
Otto : Debbi honey .
I got you a beer .
Otto turns on light and finds Duke there with Debbi .
[ Otto : Shit .
Debbi : Just ignore him Duke he 's nothing but a big baby .
Duke :
Turn the fucking light out . ]
Otto leaves room just as Kevin arrives and looks in the door .
Kevin :
What are you doing ?
Nobody supposed to be up here .
This is my parent 's room .
( Kevin : Dude , nobody supposed to be up here , this is my parent 's room . )
[ Otto in a vacant lot drinking a beer .
It 's early morning and Otto starts walking .
Otto :
Do n't want to talk about anything else .
We do n't want toknow .
We 're just dedicated ... to our favorite shows .
Saturday night live , Monday night football , Dallas , Jeffersons , Gilligan 's island , Flintstones .
( these are the lyrics from the song TV Party , but the way Otto says them could just barely be considered singing ) ]
( the Malibu pulls up and passes Otto in slow motion )
Otto still walking , but it 's light now .
Otto walks up street with what sounds like a slow version of Reel Ten playing in the background .
After turning a corner , he walks by a blue sedan with Bud stting in the driver 's seat and the windows open .
Bud : ( whistles )
Hey kid !
( Hey Punk ! )
( Honks his horn ) Hey !
Hey kid !
Hey !
Hey !
Are you hard of hearing ?
Otto :
What do you want ?
Bud :
You want to make ten bucks ?
Otto : Fuck you , queer .
( Shove off , pervert )
Bud :
Now wait a minute , wait a minute kid you got the wrong idea .
( offers Otto a cigarette - " Commanders " )
Look my old lady is real sick and I got to get her to the hospital , okay ?
Otto : So what ?
Take her there .
Bud : I can't .
I can't leave her car in this bad area .
Look I need some helpful soul to drive it for me , okay ?
She 's pregnant .
She 's with twins .
She could drop at any time .
All right ?
Otto :
Well , uh , how much are you going to give me ?
Bud : Fifteen bucks .
Otto : No .
Wo n't do it for less than twenty .
Bud :
Twenty - five .
Follow me in my old lady 's car .
It 's right here .
okay ?
Otto :
All right ...
Where 's , uh , where 's your old lady at ?
Bud : Never mind about that .
Right now we need to get both of my cars out of this bad area , all right ?
Come on .
Otto approaches car , a white 4 - door Cutlass sedan .
[ * Looking out of a window from an apartment overlooking the street , somebody pulls back a curtain to show Otto opening the door of the car , which has now become a 2 - door coupe . *
from apartment : ( a baby is crying ) eh , Papa ! (? ) aqui. un gringo ( en la calle consu coche ) ]
Otto sits down in the car , which is now a 4 - door Cutlass sedan again .
Looking in from the front , we see a dashboard Virgin Mary and a Christmas Tree air freshener hanging from the rearview mirror .
( Radio : -- confirmed reports that radiation levels in Los Angeles have risen drastically during the last month .
A spokesman for the NRC said this was normal for the time of year --)
Bud , in front , backs up .
Bud : Let 's go .
( Honks his horn several times )
A couple , probably in their 50s , come running around the corner as the music " El Clavo Y La Cruz " begins to play .
The man reaches in the window and grabs hold of Otto .
Car owner : ( Vete la chingada ! )
( Hijo de puta ! ) ( followed by several more exclamations in Spanish )
As Otto drives off , the man holds on while running along side , but is thrown to the ground after just 1 - 2 seconds .
Otto drives off and throws a dashboard Virgin Mary out the window while laughing the whole time .
( The woman running after the car throws a rosary which gets caught and dragged , but then a handwritten notation on the script says that Otto finding it on the mirror and throwing it out the window is preferred . )
( FREEZE FRAME .
Unfold the dread words : REPO MAN ) ( Credits Roll in handwritten notation . )
Bud and Otto drive down freeway , Chevy Malibu swerves in front of them .
It is moving right across the lanes but has the left blinker on .
Otto follows
Bud as he turns into the Repo Yard , with Miller opening the gate and waving them in .
The music is muted when the camera shot shifts from inside Otto 's car to outside , giving us the impression that it was playing on the radio in his car .
Bud and Otto enter the Helping Hand Acceptance Corporation
Miner , a large , muscular repo victim , and his girlfriend Delilah are standing by the entrance arguing with Oly .
A low partition prevents them from entering the office .
During this entire scene , Marlene is talking on the phone simultaneously with the other conversations .
Marlene : Helping hand acceptance corporation , Marlene speaking .
Miner :
You know damn straight what I 'm talking about .
It 's sitting right out side .
It took me two weeks to get this money up so I can come and get it .
Marlene : I do n't think so sir you 'll have to call back .
I 'll call you back O.K. ?
Oly :
That ai n't your car .
Delilah :
Hey do n't let him lie to you like that .
Unh ?
As Delilah says this , Bud enters and unlocks a door which lets him into the office .
Miner and Delilah follow , approaching
Oly who is sitting behind a desk .
Marlene : Thanks Bud .
Miner :
Are you going to give me my car or do I got to go to your house and shove your dog 's head down the toilet .
Marlene : Helping hand acceptance corporation Marlene speaking .
Plettschner : ( sitting and knitting )
Take it easy sonny boy .
Delilah :
Shut up rent - a - cop .
Oly : Best goddamn ( gol - durn ) car on the lot .
Miner :
You damn right it is .
Oly and Miner nervously exchange keys and money , then both begin laughing .
Miner and Delilah turn and start to walk out .
Marlene :
Will you ,
Will you hold please ?
Marlene : Helping hand acceptance corporation Marlene speaking .
Miner : ( to Marlene )
Say moma what 's happening ?
You want to take a lift ?
Marlene :
No thank you .
L.A.P.D. I wanted to report a repo in Boro heights area .
Delilah : Let 's go .
Miner and Delilah exit
Plettschner : A Cadillac .
Is he a pimp ?
( Live in a Cadillac , sleep in a tent . )
Bud : Shut up Plettschner .
Otto enters .
As he comes in the door , he appears to have just finished reversing the Open / Closed sign which previously read " Open " on the inside of the room but now says " Closed " .
* Throughout the rest of this scene , the sign changes back and forth several times . *
Marlene : Bud what street was that car on ?
Bud : Honey I do n't know , some alley uh .
Hey kid !
Otto : What ?
Bud :
Hey what street was the Cutlass on ?
Otto : I do n't know .
What happened to your old lady ?
Marlene :
They do n't know I 'll call you back .
Marlene : Helping hand acceptance corporation Marlene speaking .
Bud :
My old lady ?
Oh shit ( shoot ) !
I forgot all about her .
Well she 'll take the bus .
She 's a rock .
Marlene :
What kind of car ?
What kind of car ?
Bud :
Hey come on in .
Marlene !
Marlene !
Marlene : Can you hold ?
Oly :
Got a name kid ?
Otto : Yeah !
It 's Otto .
Oly : Otto !
Otto parts ?
HAHAHA
Oly throwing Otto a beer :
Here kid .
The phone rings and Oly answers
Oly answering the phone : Helping hand .
* Marlene is talking on the phone , but a continuous cut now shows her holding a pencil in both hands . *
Marlene :
You got a drivers license honey ?
Oly on the phone : Oh Yeah !
Fuckin -a ( flippin right ) we ripped your car .
Asshole ( airhead ) !
Marlene :
Let me see it .
Oly on the phone :
You want to know who told us where it was ?
Your goddamn ( gol - durned ) brother .
Marlene :
Are you really twenty - one ?
Otto :
That 's what it says does n't it .
Oly :
Hey you want some help with that beer kid ?
Otto :
You 're all repo men .
Oly :
What if we are ?
Otto pours the beer on the floor .
( Otto simply mumbles that being a Repo Man is like being a landlord .
After laughing at him , the Repo Men splatter him with beer .
A handwritten note says that Otto is n't " tuff enuf " and maybe should pour beer on the floor to get back at them . )
Bud :
You know kid , uhh , usually when someone pulls shit ( stuff ) like that my first reaction is uhh I want to punch his fucking ( flippin ) lights out .
Bud :
But you know something ?
Bud and Oly : ( in unison ) You 're all right !
Bud : Right Lite ?
Lite enters
Lite :
Got any messages for me baby ?
Marlene : Yeah .
Here you go .
Oly : Cracks me up .
Lite : Somebody pissed ( puked ) on the floor again ?
Oly : Maybe he 's looking for a job ?
Huh budsky ?
Bud : Could be ?
What do you say kid were always on the look out for a few good men .
Otto : Screw ( stuff ) that !
Ain't going to be no repo man .
No way !
Marlene , handing
Otto the 25 dollars :
It 's too late ... you already are .
Otto out in the repo yard with Miller
Miller ( handing Otto a pine tree air freshener ) :
You find one in every car .
You 'll see .
( This is where the scene in the market with Mr. Humphries firing Otto takes place .
This is followed by a short version of the Otto at Home scene which is followed up with a shot of Otto living in the garage as seen in the deleted scenes .
There is then a moderately long Kafka - esque scene of Otto at his Army examination where we get introduced to Captain Bellknap and his blond assistant Danvers .
Back in the Desert and Otto and Kevin in the Rain are not in this version of the screenplay . )
Back in the desert
We begin scene looking through the windshield of a police motorcycle .
The windshield of the police motorcycle naturally has a pine tree air freshener hanging from it .
We see some people searching around in the desert , most of them in radiation suits , with a local sheriff following a woman in a business suit .
We can faintly hear both the police radio on the motorcycle and the sheriff talking .
Radio : Come in Officer Labeef do you read me ?
Radio : Chuck , will you stop screwin ' around ?
Sheriff : [ Years ago I saw five cows mutilated .
Legs sticking up in the air .
Their ah their ah testicles were cut off .
I think Canadian bacon is better myself . ]
I 've never seen the like of that .
Radio : I 've got the stats on that car , Officer Labeef .
Radio : Ten - forty Baker ...
Sheriff :
What could have done that to him ?
Gasoline ?
Napalm ?
Agent Rogersz :
It happens sometimes .
People just explode .
Natural causes .
Sheriff : What ?
Agent Rogersz : Suspect presence on west coast confirmed .
Do not notify police .
Otto and Kevin in the rain
Otto and Kevin are sitting on a ledge with people going in and out of a door behind them .
It 's an unemployment office .
Kevin has a newspaper on his lap along with some other papers .
Otto is wearing what looks like some kind of red Chinese hat .
Otto : Night watchman in Pomona .
Kevin : Yep .
Otto : Asbestos worker .
City of industry .
Kevin : Yep Yep !
Otto : French fry maker Agoura .
Ha Ha that 's absurd .
Kevin : Yeah ?
Well you think it 's funny huh ?
There 's fucking ( lots of ) room to move as a fry cook , man .
You know I could be manager in two years ?
King !
God ! ( egad ! )
Otto :
You know Kevin , I had this wild fucking ( flippin ) dream the other night .
Kevin : I bet .
Otto :
It was with you and me and we were working in this sleazy shithole ( shabby ) motel down in Miami , Florida .
And we were bellhops and we were sixty - five years old .
It was so real it was really real , realistic .
Kevin :
And then what , you woke up in a puddle ( cold sweat ) ?
Otto : Fuck you !
( drop dead )
Fucking ( you ) jerk .
Otto stands up and starts to walk away .
Kevin :
Where you going asshole ( snotnose ) ?
Otto : Away from you .
Otto at Home
The Edge City # 127 bus pulls forward and stops .
As a crowd of people get on , Otto struggles to get off , taking off his " chinese hat " and setting it on the head of a child getting on the bus .
Happy Animals plays in the background on a radio .
Note : Edge City , the name of the film 's production company , was the alternate title for Alex Cox 's first film Sleep is for Sissies , made while he was attending film school at UCLA .
It appeared originally as a recurring theme in Tom Wolfe 's " Electric Kool - Ade Acid Test " .
We now cut to the Reverend Larry 's face on a television screen , and then discover that we are inside of Otto 's house where his parents are watching TV and Otto is just entering .
Note that in the credits , the parents are listed simply as " Otto Dad " and " Otto Mom " .
Reverend Larry on the TV :
The lord has told me personally .
Yay for I walk with the lord , Amen .
He said Larry you and your flock shall seek the promised land .
But only if you first destroy the twin evils of godless communism abroad and liberal humanism at home .
Oh joy and Hallelujah smash 'em down .
Now my friends .
Otto : Mother , father .
Got anything to eat ?
Otto goes to the kitchen , opens the referigerator and pulls out a can of generic " food " .
He begins eating straight out of the can .
Reverend Larry : Occasionally we get a letter from a viewer that says now the only reason Reverend Larry comes on your television set is because he wants your money .
And do you know what ?
They 're right !
I do want your money .
Because god wants your money .
So I want you to go out and mortgage that home and sell that car and send me your money .
You do n't need that car .
( continues in background )
Otto mom :
Put it on a plate son you 'll enjoy it more .
Otto : I could n't enjoy it any more mom MMM MMM MMM
This is swell .
Otto : Dad ?
Hey Dad ?
Otto dad :
What is it son ?
Otto :
Do you remember that you once told me along time ago .
Well not too long ago but ummm .
That you told me that you 'd give me a thousand dollars to go to Europe if I finish school .
Well you know something ?
You were right .
About finishing school that 's ah that 's what I 'd like to do .
But umm I want to know if I could have the money first .
Like now . [ You know I really love you Dad I 've always loved you .
You too mom .
What do you say ?
Otto mom lights a joint .
Otto dad : I do n't have it anymore .
Otto : What ? ]
Otto mom takes a drag off of the joint .
Otto mom :
You father gave all our extra money to the Reverend 's telethon , Otto . [
We 're sending bibles to El Salvador . ]
Otto :
Well what about me ?
Otto dad :
You 're on the honor roll of the chariots of fire .
Same as us , Otto .
It was a gift .
From all of us jointly .
Otto mom :
We 're sending bibles to El Salvador .
Otto beds down in parents garage and smokes a joint .
This scene can be seen on the " Missing Scenes " featurette .
Otto and Bud riding in Bud 's car
See See Rider plays on the radio .
In almost all scenes inside of Bud 's car , Jazz music will be playing on the radio .
In this sequence the background changes from day to night , back to day , and back to night again ( during the speed snorting scene ) even though the dialog ( and radio music ) seems continuous .
This was intentionally done to show the passage of time , but the disjointed events are cut so smoothly as to make it seem like a continuity goof .
It 's clearer in the TV version where there truly is a break between the line about speed and the actual snorting .
Otto :
So how much do I get paid , twenty - five bucks a car ?
Bud : Paid ?
You do n't get paid .
Are you kidding , you work on commission , that 's better than getting paid .
Bud :
Most cars you rip are worth two or three hundred dollars .
Fifty thousand dollar Porsche ( german pronounciation ) might make ya five grand .
Bud honking at car in front of him : Come on dickhead ( dumbhead ) .
Cut to night
Bud :
It helps if you dress like a detective , too .
Detectives dress kind of square .
People think this guy is a cop .
They 're going to think you 're packing something .
They do n't fuck ( mess ) with you so much .
Otto :
Are you ?
Bud :
Am I what ?
Otto : Packin ' something .
Bud : Ha .
Only an asshole ( a jackass ) gets killed for a car .
Note that later in the film we will discover that Bud actually does pack something .
Cut to day ( A brief exchange occurs based on Otto telling Bud that doing repo work sounds better than juvy ) .
Bud :
Guys who make it are the guys who get into their cars at any time .
Get in at three A.M. get up at four .
That 's why there ain't a repo man I know that do n't take speed .
Otto : Speed huh ?
Bud at payphone
Bud is talking on phone .
( Bud is chewing out a woman named Dolores for not making her payments when the phone goes dead . )
Bud : I 'll call you back !
( hangs up ) Flippin general telephone .
Bud picks up phone and dials .
Phone begins making a loud whining noise .
Bud gets sledgehammer from car and destroys phone while Otto watches .
When Bud is done , Otto gets crowbar from car and beats side of phone with it while laughing .
Bud : C'mon .
( Let 's go see your friend . )
Otto and Bud in car in alley
( In the television version , this entire scene takes place while watching Bud 's car drive down a road , but you can still hear the snorting in the background . )
[ Bud snorting a line : Jesus Christ . ]
Bud :
Never broke into a car .
Never hot - wired a car .
Kid .
I never broke into a trunk .
I shall not cause harm to any vehicle nor the personal contents thereof .
Nor through inaction let that vehicle or the personal contents thereof come to harm .
That 's what I call the repo code , kid .
Do n't forget it , etch it in your brain .
Not many people got a code to live by anymore .
Bud : Hey !
Hey look at that .
Look at those assholes ( that ) over there .
We see a tow truck with a car hanging from it .
Four tennis players are running around next to the car and appear to be very agitated .
Lite is leaning calmly on the tow truck while the driver stands and watches .
Bud : Ordinary [ fucking ] people I hate 'em .
Otto :
Me too .
Bud :
What do you know ?
See an ordinary person spend his life avoiding tense situations .
Repoman spends his life getting into tense situations .
( during a tornado chasing scene in the movie Twister , two flunkies in one of the chase vehicles quote this line )
Bud : [ Assholes ] !
Lets go get a drink .
( Instead of drink , it 's Club , but a handwritten note suggests changing the name to something non-product specific . )
Otto and Bud in a store
Bud sets 2 six packs of " drink " down on the counter .
Bud :
Tense situations kid .
Get into five or six of them a day and it do n't mean shit ( zilch ) any more .
I mean I seen men stabbed and it did n't mean shit ( zilch ) .
I 've seen guns .
Guns too they do n't mean shit ( zilch ) but that 's when you got to watch your self .
Here I 'll handle it pal .
Uh settle down .
Bud :
Have a nice day .
Or night .
Night , day , it does n't mean shit ( zilch ) .
Duke , Archie , and Debbi rise from behind counter as Otto and Bud leave .
They are holding guns on the cashier and rifling the cash register .
Duke : Was n't that Otto ?
Debbi : Otto who ?
Duke :
You gotta watch yourself .
( takes off mask )
Have a nice day . . . night .
Parnell drives Malibu across bridge
The Malibu passes Agent Rogersz van .
It 's parked on the bridge and two men in radiation suits are working under the hood .
Otto and Bud in front of house with tow truck
Bud :
This is what I call phase 2 ace .
If the dealer do n't have the keys , you call the truck .
And it is a heartbreak to be sitting waiting for the truck and the giblet comes out and drives it away .
Once you 've got this baby on the hooks , she 's all ours .
Man comes out of house with shaving cream on face .
Pakman :
Oh no you do n't .
I 'm nipping this in the bud right now .
You are not going to take this car .
I know my rights .
There is absolutely no way you 're going to take it .
Bud : Uh , are you miss Luann Pakman ?
Pakman : Obviously not .
I 'm Arthur Pakman .
Luann is my daughter .
Now you 're going to have to take this matter up with her .
Bud :
Well do n't think I have n't tried , sir , but she has n't had the decency to call us in months .
I mean , I 've skipped trace this car all over town .
Pakman : Well , uh , Luann is sick .
Now the damn car is n't working anyway , and I know , I know that 's why she has n't paid you .
Bud :
Well , she could have called us ?
Look , all you 've go to do is call my branch manager , I will abide with whatever he says .
Bud hands Pakman a business card .
Pakman reading card : I. G. Farben . . .
What do you take me for , a moron ?
If I go in there , you 're going to take this car away .
note : see the FAQ for information on I. G. Farben .
Bud :
What , and lose my job ?
The law requires that I stay right here until you call my branch manager .
Pakman :
That 's the law ?
Bud :
That 's the law .
Pakman begins walking toward house .
Pakman : I 'll be right back .
Pakman goes inside and Bud and Otto leave with the car as Pakman comes running back out of the house .
Otto and Bud driving down concrete riverbed
Bud :
There 's going to be some bad shit ( stuff ) coming down one of these days kid .
Otto :
Oh yeah ?
Where you going to be ?
On the moon ?
Bud : Ung Uh , I 'm going to be right here heading north at a hundred and ten per .
Otto :
In this junker ?
The Rodriguez brothers pull up along side of them in a red convertible with black fuzzy dice hanging from the rear view mirror .
Latino music plays on the radio .
Otto : Cool car .
Bud : Uh Oh !
The Rodriguez brothers .
[ Lagarto flips them off
Otto : Motherfucker just flipped you off .
Bud : Roll the window down . ]
Roll the window down .
Lagarto : A donde vas , pendejo ?
Bud : A chingas tu esposa !
A brother : Hey Bud , hey Bud , who 's your new girlfriend ?
Otto :
Watch it mother fucker .
( Girlfriend ? watch it melonfarmer ! )
Lagarto :
Hey fuck you pussy punk .
( flip you , you punk . )
[ Otto : Holy shit . ]
Napo :
Want me to take them ?
Otto : Wo !
Hey !
They chase each other and end up sliding out in a huge puddle .
*
In one shot during the chase , Lagarto is missing from the passenger 's seat *.
Bud : God damn dipshit Rodriguez gypsy dildo punks .
I 'll get your ass !
( Bud : dang blamed dumb suck Rodriguez gypsy devil punks .
I 'll get your can ! )
Otto : HAHAHA WOW !
That was intense .
Bud : Repo man 's always intense .
Come on let 's go get a drink .
Otto : Gee bud .
You never told me it was going to be like this man .
Cops and robbers .
Hahahahah .
Real live car chases .
Hahahahah .
Duke , Archie and Debbi leaving a liquor store they just robbed
Archie has a bag over his head .
Debbi , wearing a ski mask , fires a shotgun into the air for no apparent reason .
Archie : Shit ( shoot ) !
Duke !
Duke :
If you say our names we 'll have to kill all these people , Archie .
Archie :
They all ran away .
Debbi : Come on you douchebags .
( come on , get the lead out . )
They run out , Archie 's bag flying off his head .
Bud and Otto enter just after they leave .
Bud : Awful quiet in here .
It 's too quiet .
Otto :
So who are these Rodriguez boys .
Bud : Rodriguez brothers .
Lagarto and Napoleon .
Two notorious delinquents currently responsible for at least thirty vehicles in the field .
Quick shot of Rodriguez brothers in car lot signing papers on a car .
( Bud : What they do is this .
One of them buys a hundred - dollar junker and they pay it off in time .
Never miss a payment .
Now they 've got a perfect CREDIT RECORD .
Dig ? ... A week later they come back looking for another car .
They sign the papers and they 're outta there in a brand new Chrysler LE BARON .
With no money down .
And that 's the last dealer ever sees of 'em .
Three missed payments later , it 's another job for REPO MAN . )
( Lite does not appear until much later in this version of the screenplay ; the following scenes with Lite and Otto were added later )
Lite and Otto driving in Lite 's car
Otto : Scumbags
Lite :
They ai n't scumbags .
They car thieves just like use .
Lite : There 's Miss Magruder .
You want to go for it ?
As Lite comes to a stop , he hands Otto a bag .
Otto looks inside and laughs .
Otto : Good gag , you pull this one a lot ?
Lite : Only on the women .
It never fails .
Otto gets out of the Lite 's car and approaches a convertible .
Otto : Excuse me ?
Miss Magruder ?
I have something here for you .
Otto takes dead rat from bag and tosses it into Ms. Magruder 's car
Ms. Magruder : Uhm how utterly charming .
Ms. Magruder sprays
Otto in the face with mace and then drives off when the traffic light changes .
The music changes to Reel Ten as Lite takes off in pursuit .
Otto : Ow !
Ow !
Ow !
Motherfucker !
( mother ... )
Ow !
Ow !
Ow !
Christ !
I 'm blind man .
Lite ?
Lite , where are you man ?
( in a quick scene , Marlene informs the repo men that the collateral on the Malibu has been raised from one thousand to five thousand dollars . )
Otto and Bud driving in Bud 's car
A few bars of Reel Ten play in the background and taper off .
The car comes to a stop .
Bud : Bruce I. Peason , brokerage consultant .
Fucking ( flippin ) millionaire six payments behind .
I 've never understood it .
Otto :
What 's that ?
Bud :
The fucking ( flippin ) millionaires .
They never pay their bills .
See you at the yard .
Otto :
Let me get this one .
Bud : No. I 'll handle this one .
Mister Peason is carrying a permit for a pistol .
Bud : Hey !
Hey !
Hey !
Give me that .
Otto grabs the keys , gets out of the car and jauntily approaches a huge red Cadillac convertible parked in front of a laundromat .
Otto : ( turning back towards Bud ) Do n't underestimate me ace .
Inside laundromat , talking to two kids :
Peason :
And also , naturally , I 'd like them to be right next to each other .
In addition I 'd like them to be as close to the window as possible so I can sit in my car and watch my things .
So all you have to do is take your clothes out of here like this and put them into a machine over there like that .
Peason Sees
Otto driving off with the car .
Peason :
Oh my god ( lord ) !
Oh !
Oh my god ( lord ) !
Stop !
Peason runs out door after car .
Two kids grab Peason 's clothes and throw them out the door while laughing .
Otto driving the car , a red Cadillac
Car radio plays Pablo Picasso .
Otto sees Leila running on the sidewalk and slows down while watching her .
Otto : Hey !
Hey !
You want a ride ?
Hey babe need a ride ?
Otto runs into some garbage cans , stops and gets out just as an old lady walks up .
Old lady : Pick it up !
Look at you .
You pick it up .
You know yourself you were wrong .
Otto :
Well what were they doing out in the middle of the street ?
Old lady :
They were n't in the middle of the street .
That not the middle of the street that 's the corner .
Old lady :
Go on you pick it up .
Otto : What ?
Old lady :
You pick it up .
Otto : Haha , no way .
You still want a ride or what ?
Old lady : No I do n't .
Leila and Otto drive off in the car
Otto :
My name is Otto .
Leila : Leila .
Is this your car ?
Otto :
Yeah it 's one of them .
Leila :
Heh , one of them ?
You think you 're pretty slick do n't ya ?
I bet you 're a used car salesman .
( Otto feeds Leila a story about being a rock star .
Handwritten in red ink are instructions stating that the following lines are very important and they should not forget to include them :
Leila : Gee , Otto .
You 've really been around .
Animal trainer , faro dealer , mercenary , spy .
Now you 're a PUNK ROCK STAR --
Otto :
Well music 's where my head is really at .
I guess I 'm in the vanguard of the POST APOCALYPTIC SENSIBILITY .
You know ? )
Otto : I am not .
Leila :
You dress like one .
Otto : I 'm a repo man .
Leila :
What 's that ?
Otto :
It 's a repossesser .
I take back cars from dildos ( deadbeats ) who do n't pay their bills .
Cool huh ?
Hombre Secreto plays on car radio .
Leila : No .
Leila hides as a car with two men in mirrored sunglasses pulls up beside them
Otto :
What are you doing ?
Leila :
Those men in the car next to us do n't look at them .
Do n't look at them !
If they see me they 'll kill me .
Otto : Really why ?
Leila grabs wheel and turns .
Otto : Ow !
What the hell are you doing ?
Otto :
What 's going on ?
Leila :
Take a look at this .
Leila shows
Otto a picture of condoms filled with water and wearing grass skirts .
We notice that she is wearing a yellow happy face watch .
Otto :
What 's this ?
It looks like sausage .
Leila :
It is n't sausage , Otto .
That 's a picture of four dead aliens .
Otto : HAHAHAH
Leila : Laugh away fuckface ( fatface ) that picture is going to be on the cover of ever major newspaper in two days time .
Otto :
How do you know that ?
Leila : Part of a secret network .
A scientist who is also in our secret sect smuggled the corpses off of this air force base .
Now he 's got them in the truck of his car .
It 's a Chevy Malibu .
We 've got to find him .
Otto :
What are you going to do with them , put them on Johnny Carson ?
Leila : Yes !
We 're going to have a press conference and tell the world .
Radio : Ehw .
What 's that ?
I do n't know dear .
But it is alive .
It seems friendly though .
Aw look it 's curled up .
How cute oh no .
Maybe we can take it home it does n't seem to have any .
Oh yes let 's .
But no !
No matter how appealing do not let strange creature in you house .
We all know strange creatures are on the increase .
Many of them do seem furry and adorable , but beware we do n't know from whence they came .
Be safe .
Be safe .
Report strange incidences today .
( continues in background )
They pull up in front of a building
Otto : United fruitcake outlet .
Leila :
My door does n't open .
Otto lets Leila out
Leila :
Thanks for the ride .
As Leila stands there , we notice she has a yellow happy face pin on her dress .
Otto : Sure Ummm
I do n't know .
what do you think ?
Ah want to go out with me again sometime ?
Leila : I do n't know .
I 'm going to be kind of busy with work , the Malibu and everything .
Otto :
Hey great .
Terrific .
Here 's your shit ( stuff ) .
Leila :
What 's your problem ?
I mean girls might like you if you lightened up a little bit .
Otto : Fuck ( Flip me ) .
Girls pay to go out with me .
All right ?
Leila :
You wanna get back in the car ?
Otto :
What , here ?
Leila : Yeah .
Watching from outside the car , squeals are heard from the back seat as people walk by in a short speeded - up time lapse segment .
( The scene , playing out slightly differently , ends with them at the Santa Monica Cliffs and exiting the car disheveled and wearing each others clothes .
Otto :
This friend of yours .
What kind of car is he driving ?
Leila : A Chevy Malibu .
With New Mexico Plates . )
Back at the Helping Hand Acceptance Corporation
Oly : Twenty thousand dollars for a Chevy Malibu ?
Oly :
Who 's double X finance ?
Marlene : Store front operation , but the money is in escrow .
Otto sits down and picks up a copy of the News .
The alien picture is on the front page and the headline reads " Top Professors Startling Discovery : ETs Will Land Any Day Now " .
Marlene :
Want me to notify the boys ?
Oly : Uh , naw .
They 're always bitching ( crying ) about their case load .
I think I 'll go out for a while .
Marlene : Why ?
We out of beer ?
Oly : Somebody has to work around here .
Keep making me money kid .
Otto : (* his mouth closed and lips not moving *) : Fuck ( flip ) you .
Otto and Lite out in the field
Lite :
Man we 've been looking for this little red devil for a long time .
Just act natural .
Nobody knows if it 's your car or somebody elses car .
They approach the car , Otto carrying the slimjim and Lite carrying his briefcase .
Lite : Now you work with that .
You give it a try .
All right ?
Lite :
Let me give you a hand we do n't have a whole year to find it boy .
Together , they slimjim the car and open the door .
Otto : Got it .
With the alarm going off , Lite hands
Otto the briefcase and gets in the driver 's seat .
Otto walks around car , gets in and opens the case .
Lite : Lets get out of here .
Lite begins pulling tools out of the case as he pops the ignition and hotwires the car .
Lite :
Put your seat belt on boy !
I do n't ride with anybody unless they wear their seatbelt .
It 's one of my rules .
Otto , going through Lite 's briefcase , picks up gun .
Lite :
Put that damn gun down boy .
It ai n't no toy .
[ Shit. ]
The car starts , the alarm goes off and they drive away .
Driving away in the car
( Lite 's monologue starts as in the song Bad Man )
Lite : I walk into someone 's place of work .
They shit ( plum ) scared .
They know I 'm not a cop .
They think I 've come to kill 'em and I would .
I 'd kill anybody who crosses me .
You know what I mean ?
Otto goes through glove compartment , puts on pair of sunglasses he finds there ( reference to the movie Kings of the Road with cinematography by Robby Mueller ) .
* Lite puts a lighter to the cigarette in his mouth , but fails to light it *.
A few moments later he does it again and succeeds in getting it lit .
Lite :
Do you like music ?
Otto : Sure .
Lite :
In that case you 're going to love this .
Lite puts a cassette in the player and music starts .
Although the monologue is based on the lyrics for Bad Man , the music playing here is probably I Just Want to Satisfy .
Lite : I was into these dudes before anybody .
Partied with them all the time .
Asked me to be their manager .
I called bullshit ( no way ) on that .
Managing a pop group hey that ai n't no job for no man .
Otto sees boxes wrapped in ribbons in back seat and hands one to Lite who throws it out window .
A car runs over box and we see that it is full of money .
Otto continues throwing boxes out of the window .
Lite :
You read that book I gave you ?
Otto :
What book ?
Lite : Dioretix .
Science of matter over mind .
Otto :
Unh uhg
Lite :
You 'd better read it and quick .
That book will change your life .
Found it in a Maseratti in Beverly hills . [ You know what I mean ? ]
Otto and Miller in vacant lot under bridge
[ 00:33:01 ]
( no part of this scene is in the older screenplay )
Otto holds up book he 's about to throw in burning garbage can .
Book says " Dioretix : The Science of Matter over Mind . By A. Rum Bi ... " .
This is a reference to " Dianetics " by Scientology founder L. Ron Hubbard .
Miller : A lot of people do n't realize what 's really going on .
They view life as a bunch of unconnected incidences and things .
They do n't realize that there 's this like lattice of coincidence that lays on top of everything .
I 'll give you an example , show you what I mean .
Suppose you 're thinking about a plate of shrimp .
Suddenly somebody will say like plate or shrimp or plate of shrimp out of the blue no explanation .
No point in looking for one either .
It 's all part of a cosmic unconsciousness .
Otto :
You eat a lot of acid Miller , back in the hippie days ?
Miller : I 'll give you another instance .
You know the way everybody 's into weirdness right now .
Books in all the supermarkets about Bermuda triangles , UFO's , how the Mayans invented television .
That kind of thing .
Otto : I do n't read them books .
Miller :
Well the way I see it it 's exactly the same .
There ai n't no difference between a flying saucer and a time machine .
People get so hung up on specifics .
They miss out on seeing the whole thing .
Take South America for example .
In South America thousands of people go missing every year .
Nobody knows where they go .
They just like disappear .
But if you think about it for a minute , you realize something .
There had to be a time when there was no people .
Right ?
Otto : Yeah .
I guess .
Miller :
Well where did all these people come from ?
hmmm ?
I 'll tell you where .
The future .
Where did all these people disappear to ?
hmmm ?
Otto :
The past ?
Miller :
That 's right and how did they get there ?
Otto :
How the fuck ( hell ) do I know ?
Miller : Flying saucers .
Which are really ?
Yeah you got it .
Time machines .
I think a lot about this kind of stuff .
I do my best thinking on the bus .
That how come I do n't drive , see ?
Otto :
You do n't even know how to drive .
Miller : I do n't want to know how .
I do n't want to learn .
See ?
The more you drive , the less intelligent you are .
Driving around in Bud 's car at night
( Bud tells Otto about the time he saw a UFO , then regrets telling him )
Bud :
You know I think I saw one of those things once .
One of those UFOs .
I mean it was really it was kind of kind of scary .
I saw all these colored lights and , uh , sounds .
I mean sounds and lights like I never heard before .
I mean it was really weird .
Otto : Bud .
Bud : Yeah ?
Otto :
Do you think all repo men follow the code ?
Bud :
Of course .
Well I mean you see a lot of fucked ( messed ) up cars come in but ... 99 time out of 100 it was the customer who fucked ( mucked ) them up .
Assholes ( Damn fools ) .
Malibu weaves down the street at night .
We see a close - up of Parnell at the wheel with his broken sunglasses .
Eerie mood music plays in the background .
Bud in phone booth outside the Rodriguez brothers ' apartment .
Bud : I 'm offering a thousands dollars for his Falcon .
You know what that is Napoleon ?
It 's a bribe .
Napo :
Who the hell is this ?
Napoleon ?
Who the fuck ( hell ) are you calling ?
Bud :
It 's a grand if you show me where his car is Napoleon .
[ Napo : Ahh .
Go fuck yourself asshole . ]
Bud : Hello ?
Prick ( Jerk ) .
Inside the Rodriguez brothers ' place , Napo looking at repo sheet on Malibu , which Marlene brought to them .
The room is filled with crates .
Napo sits at a table with a half - assembled machine gun .
Napo : Sixty - four Chevy Malibu .
Twenty grand .
Bud ( from outside the window ) : Waiting !
Napo :
We could buy ten of them for that , Marlene .
Marlene :
Think you can find it now ?
Bud in the street : I 'm not going anywhere .
Napo :
Now how come this junk is worth so much ?
What 's in it ?
Drugs ?
Bud in the street :
Got all night amigo !
Lagarto : Los Hermanos Rodriguez do n't approve of drugs .
Marlene : Neither do I , but it 's my birthday .
( Marlene talks about using the money to buy guns and medical supplies for their " brothers in Central America " , then impresses everyone with how quickly she can assemble a machine gun . )
Bud in the street : I 'm going to get your [ ass ] .
[ Marlene :
That motherfucker 's still down there . ]
Bud in the street in front of the Rodriguez brother 's house
Bud :
Do n't care how long it takes , dildos ( jerks ) .
Repo man 's got all night every night .
Brothers make paper airplane of repo sheet and float it down to Bud .
Bud picks it up and reads it .
Bud : [ Jesus Christ ] twenty thousand dollars .
Agent Rogersz in her van listening to an earpiece
( The blond agent , named Gloria , is questioning Leila about the Malibu .
The screenplay then jumps straight to the car wash scene . )
Leila 's answering machine :
Hi this is Leila .
I 'm not here right now .
So please leave your name , number and a brief message and a time you called at the beep .
And please try to be frank .
Otto : Hey Leila !
All right , um , this is Otto .
The guy who gave you a ride and stuff .
I heard something about that car .
Leila answering the phone : Otto ?
Otto ?
Leila and Otto at the United Fruitcake Outlet
An agent photographs Leila and Otto as they enter the building .
* Otto already has bruises from the beating he takes several scenes later . *
( a white , middle class UFO cultist lady explains why they chose the HAPPY FACE as their symbol )
Leila takes
Otto into a cinderblock room which has a neon sculpture on the wall and in the center of the room , standing on a pedestal , is a humorous statue of what could be a squat bigh - headed humanoid type alien .
Leila : Otto .
Otto stop .
You said you had something to tell me .
Leila : Otto ?
Otto !
Otto : Huh ?
Leila :
What did you want to tell me ?
Otto : Oh !
Take off your clothes .
Leila : I 'm at work , Otto !
Otto :
Oh yeah ?
Me too .
Leila :
Your work is different than mine .
Otto : Says who ?
Otto takes down his pants ( according to the filmmakers , Estevez enjoyed doing this on a regular basis .
Maybe they were just joking ? ) .
Leila :
What are you doing .?
Do n't do that .
[ Otto :
Well the least you could do is give me a blow job .
Leila slaps Otto
Otto :
Heh , I guess that means no . ]
A woman enters the room
Deirdre : Leila ?
We have a cell meeting in two minutes time .
* She does n't pronounce Leila the same as everywhere else in the film . *
Leila : Thanks Deirdre .
I 'll be right there .
Leila slaps
Otto again and leaves .
Otto laughs .
Bud and Lite parked in their cars side by side
Bud :
See that motherfucker ( melonfarmer ) only thinks I do n't know what 's going on , Lite .
As soon as I find that Chevy I 'm going indy .
I 'm going to buy myself a tow truck , a couple of pitbulls , and run a yard .
Sit around and watch everybody else do the work for a while ( change ) .
Lite lights up a roach .
Lite :
No way you can do that on twenty grand man .
Bud :
The hell I can as long as you have good credit and my credit is spotless .
( Bud :
The hell I can't , as long as your credit record 's good and mine is spotless . )
Lite :
If I find the Malibu , you wo n't see me for dust , I 'm going to move to Mendecino County , raise me a bumper crop of tomato plants .
( brussels sprouts )
Bud and Otto in a car
Bud : Credit is a sacred trust .
It 's what our free society is founded on .
You think they give a damn about their bills in Russia ?
I said do you think they give a damn about their bills in Russia ?
Otto :
They do n't pay bills in Russia .
It 's all free .
Bud :
All free ?
Free my ass , what are you a fucking ( flippin ) commie ?
Huh ?
Otto :
No I ai n't no commie .
Bud :
Well you 'd better not be I do n't want any commies in my car .
No Christians either .
Chevy Malibu exits car wash and pulls up to gas pumps .
That 's director Alex Cox wiping the car as it pulls away from the car wash and over to the pumps .
It is reported that the actor driving the car , Fox Harris , damaged one of the Malibus after crashing into one of the pumps .
You can supposedly see a severely damaged pump , but I 've not been able to spot it .
The pumps at the gas station say " Pace Gas " .
Next to the pump is a campaign poster for Harry Pace , running for City Council .
These posters appear elsewhere in the film .
In his posters , Harry Pace has a happy face .
( This scene starts with Oly pulling up to a gas pump and placing a gun on the dashboard .
He sees the Malibu and gives pursuit , but loses it when it ducks into the car wash .
The screenplay then jumps to the John Wayne scene after a very short scene in which Otto gets to drive Marlene home . )
( Kevin is warning a worker about sloughing off while simultaneously extolling the virtues of Harry Pace )
Kevin : I 'll deal with you later .
I 've got a customer to attend to .
You too .
Kevin walks over to Malibu .
Kevin : ( Holding up a vacuum hose ) Hi! I 'm Kevin .
Vacuum sir ?
Kevin :
Need a vacuum sir ?
( Kevin runs the vacuum for a second )
Parnell runs fingers through sweaty hair and pulls out a clump .
J. Frank Parnell : Have you any machines ?
Kevin :
You do n't want to eat from a machine .
Look , there 's a nice Del Taco across the street .
They 've got enchiritos and everything .
( note : Enchirito is actually a trademarked product of Taco Bell )
J. Frank Parnell : But I do want to eat from a machine .
Vended food contains all the necessary nutrients for survival .
Taste damn good too , by golly .
And plus , on any given evening , the machine that last night gave you cheetos might dispense instead ...
Doritos .
Yohos .
Oreos .
Tosquitos ( tostitos ? ) .
Or Lorna Doones .
Kevin : Lorna Doones ?
I love Lorna Doones .
( All we got left is Ding Dongs ) .
( J. Frank Parnell :
The randomness of it all is quite appalling .
It is , in fact , too random to be random . )
Parnell walks off screen and we hear puking sounds .
Kevin :
Oh hey !
You want me to check the trunk ?
Scuze me .
Lagarto and Napo pull up in a car one other side of pumps .
Latino music plays on their car radio .
Kevin : Hi ! I 'm Kevin !
Napo :
Hey buddy !
How you doing ?
Huh ?
Hey do n't you remember me ?
I was here yesterday .
Heh .
Listen I think I left a book of matches over in your office over there .
You want to go and check for me huh ?
Kevin :
Sure thing .
Napo :
Hey thanks a lot buddy .
Kevin :
Any thing for you babes .
Napo :
All right , you 're beautiful .
I love you .
Kevin : I 'll be right back .
Lagarto gets in the Malibu and both cars drive off .
Kevin returns from inside and sees both cars gone .
Two other attendants sit at a table and also look ; the attendant on the right is director Alex Cox .
Kevin :
What ??
Shot of car driving down freeway , passed by a group of 6 men on 4 motorscooters weaving in and out among themselves ( these are " The Untouchables " , a soul / mod revival band from LA who will appear as Mrs. Parks children in the next scene ) .
Otto and Mrs. Parks in Mrs. Parks ' living room
Otto :
It 's really very simple Mrs. Parks .
You do n't want me to take your car and I do n't want to take your car .
Now I said to the boss I said ah Look !
I do not want to repossess this lady 's car .
Sound of motorscooters pulling up outside of house .
Mrs. Parks : Well I ' ve been in the hospital you see .
Otto : Yeah ,
Yes I understand .
My job is really on the line over this one .
I could lose it right away .
Mrs. Parks : I 'll see if I can borrow some money from somewhere .
Otto :
That 's terrific .
Really terrific .
Mrs. Park 's son and his fellow band members enter .
A particularly huge one sits down next to Otto .
Mrs. Parks :
Oh how was the rehearsal son ?
Mrs. Parks ' son :
It was O.K .
Who 's this ?
Mrs. Parks :
Oh this is Mr. Otto .
He 's from the finance company .
He 's been telling me that he is n't going to take the car this time , even though he could .
Otto :
Well , uh , gotta get going here .
Otto fumbles nervously with his briefcase trying to close it .
Mrs. Parks :
Did you like the tea ?
Otto :
The tea ?
Mrs. Parks :
Uh huh ?
Otto : Yeah , it was terrific .
Otto :
Thank you
Mrs. Parks :
You 're welcome .
Otto : Uh excuse me .
Otto walks outside and gets in car .
From outside we hear Mrs. Parks yelling at her sons .
Mrs. Parks : I gave you the money last week to pay it and you did n't do it .
What did you do with it ?
I 'm so tired of giving you money and you squandering it .
I know what you done you all went out dancing somewhere .
That 's what you did .
Next time I give you some money I want you to put it in the car , ya hear .
You 're working .
How come you did n't do it huh ?
I do n't know what 's happened to you .
( continues softly )
Otto starts car and guns engine , but now we clearly see that the rear wheels are up on jacks (* that it was n't up on jacks before has been listed as a goof and even confirmed by Alex Cox , but I think they 're wrong .
It is hard to tell in the dark , but you can see the base of one of the jacks lit up by a light from the house which goes dark as a band member runs in front of it on the other side of the car , thus confirming that the car actually was up on jacks in all the scenes *) .
Band members run out of house and pull Otto out of car .
Otto :
Hey it 's cool .
It 's cool .
I like music too man , hey
Otto gets beat up .
One band member hits him twice over the head with a guitar , making an audible " kabong " noise .
Supposedly you can hear one member saying " this one 's for Keith Moon " , but I 've never been able to make it out .
Miller , Plettschner and Otto in the lot .
Miller is chanting and dancing like a native American as he puts a bandage on Otto 's head .
Plettschner : Some people are n't cut out to be repo men .
Why do n't you smarten up kid ?
Otto : Fuck ( flip ) you Plettschner !
OWW !
OWW !
Plettschner : Do n't you say fuck ( flip ) you to me .
Do n't you know who I am ?
Otto : Yeah you 're Plettschner .
Plettschner :
You 're fucking ( flippin ) right I'm Plettschner .
Otto Plettschner .
Three times decorated in two world wars .
I was killing people while you were still swimming around in your father 's balls ( guts ) .
You little scum bag !
I worked five years in a slaughter house and ten years as a prison guard in Attica .
Otto :
So what ?
Plettschner : So what ?
So never say fuck ( flip ) you to me .
Because you have n't earn the rights yet .
( Several lines of dialog in which Bud asks for a contract driver and chews out Otto for not taking the opportunity . )
Lite enters
Lite :
Hey kid I need a contract driver .
Otto hesitates .
Plettschner : See what I mean punk ?
Otto : Fuck ( flip ) you !
Plettschner : Fuck you !
( What ! )
You little scumbag .
Lite : Shut up , Phlettschner .
Plettschner : Do n't you ever tell me to shut up .
Lagarto and Napo in the Malibu
They pull up in front of a diner .
Napo : Shit ( shoot ) !
Que calor !
Lagarto : Si
Napo :
It 's too hot in here man .
What the hell 's going on ?
So fucking ( flippin ) hot I think that shit in the trunk is going to melt .
I think we better take a look , all right ?
Lagarto :
Go get us two sodas .
Napo :
All right , as soon as I check the trunk .
Lagarto :
We 're just the mules , comprende ?
( Andale ' ) ...
Napo leaves the car first .
As Lagarto gets out from behind the wheel , we can see he 's holding a stack of papers .
The one on the bottom says Top Secret and Clear Intent .
This is a flyer created by Barry Greenwood to announce a book he co-wrote with Lawrence Fawcett called " Clear Intent " .
It 's about government investigations into UFOs and was published in 1984 .
Some sources also claim " Clear Intent " to be the original title of the screenplay for the Emilio Estevez film " Men At Work "
Lagarto calls Marlene from phone booth .
A sign in the window of the diner behind him says " 2.95 Plate O - Shrimp Luncheon Special " .
Marlene : Helping hand .
Lagarto : Marlene !
We 've found the car .
Archie , Duke , and Debbie exit a window and go down a fire escape [ dropping armloads of pills as they go ] .
Behind them , a sign says " Fox & Mac Taggert Pharmaceutical Company " .
Duke : Come on you guys !
Duke :
Get the lead out .
Debbi : Stop pushing Duke .
[ Archie : My medication .
Aw man !
Duke :
Aw be cool dude we got more .
Debbie picking up some dropped pills :
Aw let me help you Archie dear . ]
Archie : Come on .
Come on .
da - dee - dee - dee - dah - dah dee - dee ... ( continues to the tune of The Ride of the Valkyries )
Lagarto on the phone with Marlene
Lagarto :
Yeah well that 's not the only thing Marlene .
This car is hot .
Marlene :
What do you mean ?
Stolen ?
Lagarto : No .
No I mean it 's hot really hot .
Marlene : Hot ?
Lagarto :
Yeah , we 're sweating like pigs man .
Marlene : I got the papers .
Where is the car from ?
Lagarto :
It 's from someplace .
Ah Roswell , New Mexico
Archie and Duke run by the Malibu .
Debbie stops , whistles and gets in the car .
Archie and Duke jump in and they drive off to the sound of a Latino version of The Ride of the Valkyries .
Lagarto walks out of the phone booth just as this is happening and drops his clipboard in disgust .
Napo walks out of the store , silently hands Lagarto a soda , and they both stand there and sip their drinks through straws .
Otto and Lite in a car
An instrumental version of Bad Man is playing on the tape deck in Lite 's car .
According to Cox , this is a scene originally written for Bud but changed because of the difficulty Cox was having working with Harry Stanton Dean .
For more information on this , see the FAQ .
Lite :
Me fight in a war man ?
Fuck ( hell ) no way !
Nobody 's got to do that shit .
Not in this country .
A new I.D. do n't cost no more than a pink slip .
You know what I mean ?
Lite : Something wrong ?
Otto : You know Marlene ?
Man she 's pretty hot .
Lite : Otto my man .
I jumped on that action from day one .
I found out where she was coming from .
Otto :
See ya back at the yard .
Lite : Have fun .
Otto slimjims car and tries to start it .
While bending down , window shatters from gunshot .
Otto :
Oh shit ( damn ) .
Holy shit ( smoke ) .
Lite ! [ Holy shit .
Holy fucking shit ] .
Lite ! Lite !
Lite !
Lite !
Open the door .
There 's a maniac in there .
What are you doing ?
Open the door man !
What are you doing ?
What are you doing ?
Open the door .
Lite !
Lite gets out and starts shooting back .
He fires 9 times ( one or two of the shots does n't flash like the others ) .
Lite :
You 're still on the job white boy .
Get in the car .
Otto :
Open the door man , open the [ fucking ] door .
Open the door Lite .
Lite :
Get in the car .
Otto : Jesus Christ .
( Holy cripes . )
Otto gets back in the car , starts it , and both cars drive off .
Lite and Otto in a field
Otto :
You 're crazy Lite .
I mean you can't just shoot into people 's houses .
I mean maybe you shot the guy .
Lite :
So what if I did ?
Otto :
Well I do n't know I mean that 's pretty severe .
Lite shoots the gun at Otto 's feet .
Otto drops his beer , getting some on his pants .
Otto : Jesus Christ .
( Holy cripes ! )
Lite : Hey !
Blanks get the job done too .
Otto :
You repo men , you guys are all out to fuckin ( flippin ) lunch .
Let 's get out of here .
Sunrise on the Skyscrapers of LA
We hear a phone ringing .
Leila walking down street
Leila walks by a phone booth and hears the phone ringing .
She picks up the receiver and hears the sound of someone reciting Jabberwocky , played backwards .
Leila : Hello .
Is it you ?
This is Leila .
Are you using a scrambler ?
Parnell is directly across the street speaking into another pay phone .
J. Frank Parnell : I can't hear you .
I 'm using the scrambler .
Leila : ( garbled noises in background )
Look out !
J. Frank Parnell : What ?
A car swerves into the phone booth , then crosses street and hits a fire hydrant .
The agents are trapped inside by the airbags .
More agents appear and chase Leila
Agent : Happy face !
You want a ride ?
Leila makes some yipping noises as the agents grab her and push her into the car .
*
Her mouth does n't appear to be open or moving . *
In Agent Rogersz van
An agent types while eating potato chips .
The camera pans across the van to Agents Rogersz , who is watching a monitor which shows Leila being questioned
Leila :
What do you want from me ?
Agent : We ask the questions .
Leila :
You 're not going to torture me are you ?
Agent : Torture you ?
What for ?
Leila :
To find out what I know .
I 'd torture someone in a second if it was up to me .
Agent : Huh ?
Why are you looking for the Malibu ?
Leila : Because of the trunk .
The aliens inside .
Agent : Illegal aliens ?
Leila : No , Silly , Extraterrestrials .
Agent : Ahhh , heh .
Did you ever think about joining the CIA ?
Leila : Um . I going to have to ask my boyfriend .
Agent : Boyfriend ??
Rogersz computer screen prints up the following information
subject : Otto Maddox
gender : male
race : Caucasian
age : 21
correction : 18
A party at the Helping Hand yard
( It was Lite who was beaten up instead of Otto .
He makes his first appearance in this scene and the only other scene he appears in is the party scene . )
Everybody : Jingle bells .
Jingle bells .
Jingle all the way .
Oh what fun it is to ride in a one horse open sleigh .
Otto :
What 's going on ?
Marlene : Oh .
The usual .
Plettschner : Marlene !
How you doing baby ?
Oly : Jesus ( Golly ) who done that to ya son ?
Otto : Who done what ?
Bud :
Who done what he says .
You want to talk about guts .
What did you do to your face kid ?
Otto :
Oh some dude it does n't matter .
Lite :
Oh yes it does .
Marlene :
Why do n't you do something Plettschner ?
Are n't you a cop or something ?
Plettschner : Hey Marlene .
I 'm on my coffee break .
Bud : Repo man do n't go running to the man Marlene .
A repo man goes at it alone .
Lite :
Yes sirree bob .
Marlene : Just like John Wayne .
Oly : Damn right just like John Wayne what 's wrong about that ?
Plettschner : Greatest American that ever lived .
[ 00:53:30 ] Miller : John Wayne was a fag ( freak ) .
Bud :
What did you say man ?
Plettschner : Whaa ?
Oly : What ?
[ Miller : John Wayne was a fag . ]
Everyone : ( in unison )
The hell he was .
Miller :
He was too you boys .
I installed two way mirrors in his pad in Brentwood .
And he'd come to the door in a dress .
Plettschner : Ah , you 're fucking ( flippin ) nuts .
Oly :
That does n't mean he was a homo ( freak ) , Miller .
Lotta straight guys like to watch their buddies fuck ( play ) .
I know I do .
Bud :
They do ?
Plettschner : Yeah .
Oly : Do n't you ?
Plettschner : Damn straight I do .
Lite : Fuck ( Damn ) John Wayne man .
Tell us his name you little pussy ( sissy ) .
Otto : Kiss off you asshole ( airhead ) .
Otto starts to walk away , but the others grab him , drag him back , and hold him down by the back of his neck .
Otto :
Ow you bastards ( loonies ) !
Bud :
Hey take it easy .
Take it easy .
The guys head is hurt .
Oly : You 're taking this too personal , son .
The thing is a repo man got beat up in the line of duty .
Now it does n't matter that that man was you .
What really matters is that the guy that did it has got to pay the price .
Now stop being selfish and tell us his name .
Lite : Come on .
Otto : Ahh Oww
You bastard ( buzzard ) .
Lite twists
Otto 's arm and Oly stubs his cigar out on his neck .
Otto :
All right !
All right !
All right !
All right !
O.K. his name was ...
Repo men driving at night
Lite , Bud , Oly and Miller in the car wearing baseball caps and mirrored sunglasses .
The repo men in the front of Mr. Humphries 's house
Two of the repo men are at the door and ring the bell .
Mr. Humphries opens the door .
In the background , we get a glimpse of Kevin , who appears to be in his pajamas and is standing by a Christmas tree .
( This is specifically called for in the script but never explained ) .
Oly : Mr. Humphries ?
Mr. Humphries : Yes ?
Yes I'm Mr. Humphries .
What do you want ?
Ungghhh ...
Repo Men beat up Mr. Humphries .
( CUT TO - Kevin being dragged along behind the Impala )
( Standing over an unconscious man and beating him with baseball bats , the Repo Men consider that they might have the wrong address .
This is followed by a scene where Otto drops Marlene off at home and successfully talks his way inside .
After some lovemaking , they discuss Otto having to go off and fight in a war and Marlene makes her anti-imperialist views known . )
At the Helping Hand Acceptance Corporation office
T.V. : The president admitted that U.S. war planes have napalmed refugees camps in Southern Mexico .
He explained that these camps were in fact guerrilla bases .
In strife torn Guatemala shots were fires at the U.S. embassy and government troops retaliated killing 50 ... ( continues in background )
Marlene : Helping hand acceptance corporation .
Marlene speaking .
Leila : Hello , is Otto there ?
Marlene :
It 's for you .
A girl .
Otto ( on phone ) : Yeah .
Leila : Hi Otto ?
It 's Leila .
Otto : Leila who ?
In a bar .
Duke , Archie , and Debbie enter the bar , checking their weapons at the door .
They assemble at the bar standing next to Rodney Bingenheimer ( listed in the credits as Bengenheimer ) .
The Circle Jerks are on stage playing When the Shit Hits the Fan .
( Otto and Leila are in a restaurant where Leila tells Otto about an underground network called the Keepers of Ezekiel .
Otto : Do you write for the National Enquirer ?
Leila : Sometimes .
It pays the bills . )
Otto : I can't believe I used to like these guys .
Agent Rogersz : Listen to me !
For the sake of this and future generations you must tell us everything you know .
Otto : Yeah .
Sure .
I need another drink .
( Agent Rogersz describes the secret agency she works for and explains to Otto why they must not let the aliens fall into the wrong hands . )
Leila :
Otto , these aliens are n't on ice or anything .
They could be starting to decay .
We 've got to find them before they turn into mush .
Duke : Well !
Well !
Well !
If it ai n't the repo man .
Archie :
You look like shit ( snot ) you wankers ( weirdos ) .
Otto : Duke .
Debbi .
Archie .
I 'd like you to meet Leila and her weird friend .
Duke :
How you doing , asshole ( airhead ) ?
Archie :
How come you do n't hang out with your friends no more ?
[ Otto :
What friends ?
Debbi spits at Leila
Duke :
Want some byoot dude ?
( The screenplay starts with coke , but eventually it is crossed out and " byoot " is handwritten next to it . )
Duke spills his bottle of generic Butyl Nitrate on the table .
Debbie and Archie yell and put their noses to the table to sniff it all up .
Duke : I really love ya man .
You 're my best friend .
Because you always fucking came to see me while I was in Juvie .
Otto : I 'm busy man .
I told ya I was working .
Debbi notices Agent Rogersz gloved hand which is supposed to appear like it 's made of metal but really does n't .
Debbi : Look , a metal hand .
Archie : Cool !
Debbi : Can we feel it ?
Archie : Oh Chante . ]
Duke : Fuck ( flip ) this let 's go do some crimes .
[ Archie : Adios butthole . ]
Leila : Charming friends you got there Otto .
Otto :
Thanks , I made 'um myself .
( The next scene is J. Frank Parnell at the Car Wash talking about vended food .
It starts with his comment about almost being able to see the stars .
This is followed by the Malibue drives down the street scene . )
Debbi , Archie and Duke leave to find J. Frank Parnell breaking into the Malibu
Debbi :
Hey what [ the fuck are ] you doing with our car ?
J. Frank Parnell : Your car ?
Archie : Yeah !
J. Frank Parnell : Are you sure ?
This looks like my car .
Are there pecan pies in the back seat ?
Archie : Not any more .
We ate 'em .
Duke : Shut up Archie .
Archie :
You shut up .
Duke :
You 're still here ?
J. Frank Parnell : My car looks just like this .
But this is yours , your car ?
Archie : Yeah four eyes .
J. Frank Parnell : Of course ... what 's in the trunk ?
Duke :
What do you mean ?
J. Frank Parnell :
You do n't even know what 's in your own trunk .
Debbi : Kill him Duke !
J. Frank Parnell :
You know what ?
I think you 're afraid to find out .
Debbi : Kill him .
Archie : Come on Duke you putty butt , kill him .
Duke : ( softly , and like he 's doing a bad Jimmy Cagney imitation ) I aint afraid of nothing see .
J. Frank Parnell :
It 's all right I do n't blame you for being afraid .
Duke : I said I ai n't afraid of nothing .
I kill people like you .
J. Frank Parnell : Oh well .
I guess you 're right .
It 's better not to look .
J. Frank Parnell : Beautiful evening .
You can almost see the stars .
Archie :
Oh shut up .
Duh .
He 's going to open it .
HAHAHA
Duke : Ah .
Archie : Come on Duke .
Duke burns his hand on the trunk and wraps a handkerchief around it .
Duke :
This thing is hot .
Archie : AWWW , heh heh heh
Debbie :
Well we do n't have all night .
Duke opens the trunk a little and a bright light is emitted .
Debbi pushes him away .
Debbi : Close it Duke !
No !
No !
Archie ( jumping down off the roof of the car ) : Aw. Dukie Wookie hurt his wittle hand .
Duke : Fuck ( flip ) you Archie !
Just for that your not in the gang anymore .
Archie : I 'm taking over now .
Debbi :
Oh leave it off .
Archie : King Archie the invincible .
Debbie : Shut up Archie .
Archie : Hey Debbi !
Watch this .
Archie opens the trunk and is disintegrated
J. Frank Parnell : Oh dear , what a shame .
Debbie : Come on duke let 's go do those crimes .
[ 00:59:50 ] Duke : Yeah .
Yeah .
Let 's go get Sushi and , and not pay .
Malibu drives down the street
( Parnell hears Reverend Larry on the radio tell him that April 5th , 1999 is going to be a very special day .
Parnell reaches for his pocket diary . )
Napo and Lagarto in a convertible pull up along side of J. Frank Parnell driving the Malibu
Napo : Hey !
Yo !
Hey buddy !
Napo : Special deputies pull over .
Special deputies pull over .
Hey !
The repo men in a car
The mirrored sunglasses are now off .
[ Oly :
So the department says the ice broke and he fell in .
Bud :
Look at these people man there 's one person in each car .
City wants up to car pool but nobody gives a shit .
Miller : People car pool , we'd be out of work .
Lite : AWW bullshit !
Oly :
How come that pig's got a wooden leg ?
Well said the farmer said about three months ago I was out there walking the pig .
Miller : ( whistles )
Look at that car . ]
They see the Rodriguez brothers driving alongside the Malibu
Lite : Hey Budsky .
There 's your Girlfriend .
Bud : Aww !
Those Rodriguez brothers Humm ?
O.K. , boys , we 've got the whole team here tonight lets settle these motherfucker 's ( melonfarmers ) hash for good .
Lite : Let 's do it .
[ Napo : Yo !
Pull over .
Lagarto : Meda Bud.
Shit ! ]
Napo :
Do n't lose him man .
Bud swideswipes the Rodriguez brothers ' car while the Malibu drives off with a noticable green glow coming from inside .
Bud begins chasing the Rodriguez brothers .
Miller : Hey !
Hey !
Take it easy .
Stop this [ fucking ] car .
Hey come on .
Come on .
The Rodriguez brothers are forced underneath a bridge or elevated highway and eventually have to stop the car .
Napo jumps out of his car and onto the hood of Bud 's car where he begins yelling and kicking at the windshield .
Napo : [ Shit motherfucker !
Come on !
Come on motherfucker !
Yeah .
Come on I kick you fucking ass . ]
Come on !
Come on !
What are you going to do with that bat ?
What ?
Huh ?
What ?
Lagarto : Hey !
Hey !
Hey !
Lagarto : Too bad Bud .
This is going to cost you plenty .
Bud :
What do you mean its going to cost me plenty ?
Lagarto :
How 's your neck Napoleon ?
Napo :
Oh my neck ?
Yeah !
Oh ! [ Shit !
Oh shit ] my neck is killing me man .
I think I got whiplash .
Lagarto : Aside from whiplash , this is n't a repo car .
[ Bud : Bullshit !
I got the fucking papers on it . ]
Lagarto :
We paid it off .
You see , uh this is our favorite car .
Napo :
Yeah that 's right .
You got insurance [ motherfucker ] ?
Bud goes after them with a baseball bat but the rest hold him back .
According to Alex Cox , Harry Dean Stanton infuriated everyone by insisting on using a real baseball bat even though it was clearly not safe to do so .
For more on this , see the FAQ .
Bud : Come on [ cock sucker ] .
Whose side are you on [ for Christ ' ssake ] ?
Let me go [ goddamn it ] .
( This is followed by :
REPO MAN THEME MONTAGE
in which OTTO repoes countless cars - hurling dead rats into convertibles at traffic signals - extorting favors from FASHION MODELS - evading BELLKNAP and DANVERS - building a cheerful necklace of BLUE XMAS TREES ...
There is then a scene where Bud drives Otto up into the mountains to see his outpost , the place where he 's gonna hole up when the shit comes down . )
Next morning at the Helping Hand office
Plettschner is sitting in a corner knitting .
A television set on Oly 's desk is showing a football game which gets interrupted for a commercial .
The commercial , featuring Michael Nesmith as a high energy pitchman , is actually a scene from the video " Elephant Parts " .
Bud : [ Shit ! ]
This is bullshit ( hokum ) Oly .
Oly : Yeah Yeah that 's what I said when the marshal woke me upat 4 o'clock this morning .
Unfortunately it is n't bullshit ( hokum ) , it 's a summons .
Bud : [ Well bullshit . ]
You should have refused to accept it .
Oly : Have you read it ?
The goddamn ( gol - durn ) Rodriguez brothers are suing us for malicious damage , medical expenses and harassment for a car they fucking ( flippin ) own .
Bud : The Rodriguez brothers .
But .
Ha !
You believe the fucking ( flippin ) Rodriguez brothers ?
They 're a couple of scumbags Oly .
You know that ?
Oly : I know that bud .
But we 've got to sit down and get our stories straight .
Bud : Bullshit ( Hogwash ) you 're taking their word against mine .
Oly : I was there , remember ?
Why do n't you go home ?
Take the rest of the week off .
Bud :
Take the rest of the ?
I can't take the [ fucking ] rest of the ... OW yeah !
I Un Huh I get it .
Take the flippin rest of the week off budsky .
So you can get the flippin twenty thousand dollars for the Malibu .
Oly : Make it a fucking ( flippin ) month .
Bud : Yeah ?
Well fuck ( flip ) you .
Oly : On second though Budsky .
Do n't bother coming back at all .
Bud : Great !
I 'll come back and pick up my stuff later when the fucking ( flippin ) place do n't stink so bad .
Plettschner : Ha !
Ha !
Ha !
Oly : Shut up !
Bud and Otto in Bud's car
Otto is driving the car .
Bud : [ Fucking trash ] .
Makes you wonder how much they owe .
Most of them are on the run .
Do n't even use their fucking ( flippin ) social security numbers .
If there was just some way to find out how much the motherfuckers ( melonfarmers ) owe and making them pay .
Otto : Jesus Christ ( Holy cow ) bud .
They 're winos , they do n't have any money .
You think they'd be bums if they did ?
Bud :
You want out ?
Do ya ?
Otto : No !
Bud :
What 's a matter with you ?
Do n't you like your job anymore ?
Not too happy in your job ?
I mean I feel like were not communicating anymore .
When we first started out I though I could teach you something share something with you for Christ 's sake .
Answer me !
Bud reaches over and turns off the car .
Otto gets out and walks down street amongst the bums and winos .
A slow version of Reel Ten plays in the background and he passes two agents in radiation suits carrying off a dead body and putting it in the trunk of a car .
Agent : ( heard in background ) I 'm picking up the dead .
I 'm putting my hands around this dead body .
I 'm , I 'm carrying his limp torso to the truck .
And he feels like like he has only been dead a little while but ...
Otto sees the Malibu and gives chase , music changes to strains from the Repo Man Theme .
Losing the car , Otto stops to puke over the side of the bridge .
When done , he sees the Malibu emerge from under the bridge .
He runs down the stairs and after the Malibu as it goes through a railroad crossing which has red lights blinking and bell ringing .
J. Frank Parnell stops and lets him in at what appears to be the corner of Palmetto and Mateo .
It is reported that they pass this corner several times during the following sequence , but this could be just because Parnell is driving in circles .
J. Frank Parnell : [ Oh do me de . ] ( holds out hand ) J. Frank Parnell .
Otto ( out of breath ) : Ott , Ott ...
J. Frank Parnell :
What line of work you in ?
Otto ( still out of breath ) : re , re , re ..
J. Frank Parnell : Rock 'n 'roller , eh !?
I used to be a musician myself , college days .
Of course it was folk songs and protest songs back then .
( J. Frank Parnell : Reporter ?
Used to be one myself , back in my college days .
I covered all the folk concerts and protest songs .
Michael Row the Boat Ashore , Little Boxes .
Familiar with those songs ?
Pete Seeger and the Weavers , was n't that a time !
I almost had an affair with Ronnie Gilbert .
Stopped myself in the nick of time ! )
( begins singing , badly )
We shall overcome , we shall overcome ...
Otto coughs .
J. Frank Parnell : ( stops singing and scratches ear )
Did you ever feel as if your mind had started to erode ?
* As Parnell says this , we see a shadow of the camera vehicle with crane on the wall outside of Parnell 's window . *
Otto : No .
J. Frank Parnell : ( That 's all right .
You will .
You will .
You ever think that maybe you were sitting on the greatest gift that Mother Nature ever gave the world ?
Only the world was just not old enough to use it wisely ? )
Ever been to Utah ?
Otto : Nuh-uh
J. Frank Parnell : I go to Utah every year .
Friend of mine , was a designer of the MX missile race track basing mode .
A hundred thousand miles of railroad track on a big loop through Utah , Arizona , and Nevada .
Bombs were going to hide in locomotive sheds .
That way the red team would never know exactly where they were .
I still go out to Utah , just to think about the way things might have been .
Otto : Sir. I represent the Helping Hand Acceptance Corporation .
J. Frank Parnell : Radiation , yes indeed !
You hear the most outrageous lies about it .
Half - baked goggle - boxed do - gooders telling everybody it 's bad for you .
Pernicious nonsense !
Everybody could stand a hundred chest X - rays a year .
They ought to have 'em too .
When they canceled the project it almost did me in .
One day my mind was literally a - burst .
The next day nothing .
Swept away ...
But I 'll show them .
I had a lobotomy in the end .
Otto : Lobotomy ?
Is n't that for loonies ?
J. Frank Parnell : Not at all .
A friend of mine had one .
Designer of the neutron bomb .
Ever hear of the neutron bomb ?
Destroys people .
Leaves buildings standing .
It fits in a suit case .
It 's so small no one knows it 's there until blammo .
Eyes melt skin explodes everybody dead .
It 's so immoral working on the thing can drive you mad .
That 's what happened to this friend of mine .
So he had a lobotomy .
Now he 's well again .
Otto :
What kind of car does your ... does your friend drive ?
J. Frank Parnell : Chevy Malibu .
Otto :
And you do the same type of work ?
J. Frank Parnell : Didn't I tell you ?
I can't tell you what I do .
I 'm classified .
Otto :
This is really a nice old car .
Why do n't you let me drive ?
J. Frank Parnell : What do you mean ?
Otto :
Well I do n't know .
I mean ...uh !
Do n't you feel funny .?
J. Frank Parnell :
Why should I feel funny ?
The two hemispheresare fundamentally at odds .
Hemisphere , Hemisphere .
You know it 's strange .
I do feel funny ...
J. Frank Parnell slumps forward and drives slowly into the sign at another railroad crossing .
Otto lifts Parnell 's head and sees blood dripping from the nose .
We presume him dead .
Otto dumps him and drives off with the Malibu .
Repo Yard at dusk
Otto parks Malibu at the lot and locks it up .
He sees a note posted on the gate : " Big Party at Millers . CU There . "
( This is where agents poke around Parnell 's body and it's also the scene with the conversation between Leila and Gloria ( aka Agent Rogersz ) where Gloria will pull up Otto 's info on her computer .
In this version , she 'll also convince Leila that it was Otto who killed Parnell . )
Party at Miller 's that night
Oly :
By the way kid , sign this .
Otto :
What is this ?
Oly : Equity turnover .
Standard practice .
Protects you in case we get sued .
. .
Do n't read the damn thing , kid , just sign it .
Miller has a camera and the flash goes off as he accidentally takes a picture of himself .
Four woman surround Otto , two beside him and two behind .
One or both of the ones behind him may be transvestites .
Milk Cow Blues plays in the background .
Repo wife 1 : Here 's the young new - waver we 've all heard so muchabout .
Repo Wife 2 : My old man had a mohawk on him when I met him .
He was in the service then .
Oly : He signed it over to me .
But he did n't realize
Repo wife 2 : My old man was such a monster .
I used to have to tell him no .
Repo wife 1 : My old man was exactly the same way until we got married .
Lite : Hey Oly .
You 're wife 's hanging all over Otto .
Oly : Yeah .
Like flies on shit ( spit ) .
Otto : Um .
Have you see uh bud anywhere ?
Repo wife 1 : Who ?
Bud and Otto in office
TV : ... another wonderful Christian opportunity .
The Reverend Larry ...
Bud :
Hey there hero .
Get the money yet ?
Otto : Not yet .
Oly 's going to get it for me though .
I just signed the papers .
Bud :
Whu , what do you mean , what papers ?
Otto : Beats me , just some , uh , contract or something .
Bud : Did n't you read it ?
Otto :
Well , no , just , uh , standard practice , uh , contract ...
Bud : Melonfarmer Oly ! ... oooh , shoot .
Otto :
What , is that not a happening deal ?
At the Repo Yard
Somebody cuts the padlock and opens the gate .
The Malibu awaits within .
( This does not occur until after the shootout at the liquor store . )
( In the screenplay , the scene with Otto 's parents covered in cobwebs goes here . )
Bud driving in his car
Otto walks down street
Otto passes Bud 's car .
We hear a dog growling .
Bud :
Hey ace .
Wait up .
Otto driving Bud's car
Otto :
So you want to talk about it ?
Bud :
Talk about what kid ?
Otto :
Why you 're so damn mad at me ?
Bud : I 'm not mad at you .
[ God ] damn .
I 'm not .
I 'm not mad at you .
Otto : All right O.K .
Duke and Debbie in car in front of a liquor store
Let 's Have a
War is playing faintly on the car radio .
A sign in the store window advertises " Commando " cigarettes at $ 7.99 a carton .
[ Duke : Debbie ?
Debbie : What ?
Duke : I 've been thinking .
Now that we 've got some money and Archie 's gone , do n't you think it 's time we we settle down ?
Get a little house .
I want you to have my baby .
Debbie : Why ?
Duke :
Well I do n't know .
Every body does it .
And it just seems like the thing to do and ...
Debbi : Asshole . ]
Duke :
Let 's go do the job .
Bud and Otto are at the counter .
Duke and Debbi enter waving guns .
Otto : Duke !
Debbie !
What what are you guys doing here ?
Duke :
What 's it look like ace ?
Debbie : Up against the wall .
Duke : I 'm going to kill him .
I 'm going to kill him .
I 'm going to kill everybody .
ha- ha-ha
Bud sneaks his gun out .
Louie sees him from down an aisle .
Louie ( to Bud ) : Drop it motherfucker ( melonfarmer ) .
Louie now sees the others with the guns .
Bud waves his back and forth .
Debbi shoots
Bud in the head .
Bud grasps the side of his head as his arm swings out into a row of bottles which break open with red liquid everywhere .
*
It is reported that the settings on his gun show the magazine to be empty even though he has not fired a single shot . *
Bud ( grasping his head ) :
Oww shit ( shoot ) .
Duke shoots Louie .
Louie goes down but manages to shoot Duke , but then is out of bullets .
Duke walks over to Louie to finish the job , but the counterman pulls out a shotgun and shoots Duke .
Debbie shoots the counterman .
Now only Debbie and Otto are left standing , and Debbie is pointing her gun at a very scared Otto .
Otto : Debbie Ah. Ah Do
You , uh , do you think it 's too late uh for us to get romantically involved ?
Debbie : I think a little .
Otto : Wait !
Wait !
Stick with me .
I 'll make you a repo wife .
Debbi : Bollocks .
Here . ( tosses Otto a bag of popcorn )
( Debbi gets shot also and as she is dying tells
Otto that it was him she always loved ... if only he had n't been such an asshole at the party . )
Duke ( laying face down on floor ) : Otto ?
Otto : Yeah I 'm here man .
[ 01:13:43 ]
Duke :
The lights are growing dim .
I know a life of crime led me to this sorry fate .
And yet I , I blame society .
Society made me what I am .
Otto :
That 's bullshit ( nonsense ) .
You 're a white suburban punk , just like me .
Duke :
But it still hurts .
Otto :
You 're going to be all right man .
Duke pukes up some blood .
Otto : Maybe not .
Agents photographing a dead J. Frank Parnell
One of these agents is Jimmy Buffet , who was working with Michael Nesmith at the time the film was made .
Agent : Yep he 's dead all right .
Agent : No doubt about it .
Agent : He 's a goner .
Agent : Man .
Agent Rogersz : Do n't touch the body , do n't touch the body .
Agent : Sorry .
Agent : Telephone call for you agent .
Agent Rogersz : Do n't bother me now .
Agent : But Agent Rogersz , it 's the Gipper .
A man in a radiation suit pours gasoline on the body and lights it on fire
Agent : Look .
Agent : Booth 's setting him on fire
Otto enters Parents living room
Parents are covered with cobwebs and watching TV .
Reverend Larry on TV : ... fail to register for patriotic chores .
So , please call this toll free number .
Praise the lord .
There is no redemption for the unredeemed , no escape for the fair weather patriots .
No salvation from the boiling blistering fires of eternal damnation .
Now these are the end times .
Because in these days there shall be hell in time .
Man shall be lovers of their own self rather than lovers of God .
Otto's Dad :
Have n't seen you in a while , Son .
TV : No escape ...
Otto's Mom : Some men were just here looking for you , Otto .
TV : No salvation from the blistering files of eternal damnation .
For in these days there shall be hell in time , there shall be war and more war , and earthquakes in diverse places ...
Otto :
What kind of men ?
Otto's Mom : Very nice young men .
They wore sunglasses .
Otto :
Well , what did you tell them ?
Did you tell them I was sick ?
Otto's Dad :
We told them the truth , son .
Gave them your address at work .
TV : Money shall run out and the people will line up at the banks and there wo n't be anything . . . these prophecies are in your bible .
The same one that you have in your home .
Now I want you to get up off of your sofa and put that beer down and go wherever it is in your house pick up that book and turn with me ...
Otto turns off TV and leaves .
( Otto pours gasoline on house and lights it on fire )
Later that same night at the Repo Yard
Otto sees a big argument going between Marlene and blond agents inside the office and runs towards the door .
Agent ( from in the office ) :
Where 's the car baby ?
That Chevy Malibu baby .
Where 's the car ?
Plettschner jumps out of the shadows and grabs
Otto by the arm .
Plettschner : Otto !
Otto : Jeeze .
Plettschner :
You got to stay out of this .
Otto : Why ?
Plettschner :
It 's none of your business .
You want to be a hero ?
Or would you rather be a chicken man ?
Otto : What ?
Plettschner : A chicken man .
Did you ever see a farmer 's wife ?
Huh ?
Otto : Let go of me !
[ Plettschner : It 's peaceful man . ]
Inside the Helping hand office
Agent 1 : The Malibu .
Agent 2 : Yeah ?
Otto enters and Marlene uses the distraction to kick the shit out of the agents .
Marlene : Let 's go
Otto : No way Marlene .
Otto :
My car 's gone and we 're going to get to the bottom of this .
Marlene ( holding chair over head of agent 2 ) : Like hell we are .
Agent 2 : Not in my face .
Plettschner : Hold it Marlene .
Freeze !
Marlene drops chair .
Agent 2 : My Face !
Marlene :
Over my dead body .
Plettschner :
That 's how it 's going to have to be .
Marlene : Come and get me .
Come on .
Plettschner : I 've been wanting to do that one for a long time honey .
Marlene : Come on .
Come on .
Come on if you think your man enough .
Otto : Hey Plettsch .
Coffee break .
Otto throws a pot of coffee into Plettschner 's face .
Plettschner : Aaaarrggghhhhh !
Marlene steps out the back door .
Otto leaves by the front door and is immediately captured by agents ( he 's captured by a midget in a blue suit who adopts a martial arts stance and fells him with a single blow ) .
Inside Agent Rogersz van
Rogersz and Leila in the van with a Blond agent behind them .
The blond agent has a bandaged nose .
Rogersz and Leila watch a monitor where we see Otto is laying on a table in a mostly empty room with an agent standing behind him .
Agent Rogersz : Good evening Otto .
This is agent Rogersz .
I 'm going to ask you a few questions .
And since time is short and you may lie , I 'm going to have to torture you .
But I want you to know it is n't personal .
Otto : Look
Ah this is n't really necessary .
I 'll tell you anything you want to know .
Agent Rogersz : Good !
Where is the Malibu ?
Otto : I do n't know .
Somebody ripped it from the yard .
Rogersz nods to Leila who toggles a button , which results in Otto screaming .
Leila : I do n't think he knows .
Agent Rogersz : Increase the voltage .
Leila :
But what if he 's innocent ?
Agent Rogersz :
No one is innocent .
Proceed .
Another button toggle followed by screams .
Then Marlene and the Rodiguez brothers enter interrogation room and rescue Otto , carrying him off over their shoulders .
Agent Rogersz : Ah yes !
Look at them .
High heels , hair nets , those ridiculous trench coats .
They 're pathetic .
Agent 1 : But agent Rogersz , they 're getting away .
Agent Rogersz :
That 's all part of the plan .
Brothers , Marlene , and Otto drive away .
( a handcuffed Otto is taken to the roof of a parking garage by the blond agents where they apparently plan to dump him off the top , but their plans are cut short when Marlene uses a sniper rifle to shoot them with poison darts .
Before Marlene and the Rodriguez brothers get to Otto , however , he is picked up by Leila and Gloria who were watching the previous interrogation but not participating in it .
Gloria explains that they need to prepare Americans for the coming of Extraterrestial Beings .
Gloria : A great American once said , MANKIND CANNOT STAND TOO MUCH REALITY .
If the news broke too rapidly , there would be panic .
Society as we know it would break down .
As they drive around , being tailed by Marlene and the Rodriguez brothers , Otto attracts the attention of the cops by making an illegal U - Turn and is forced to swallow his entire stash , leaving him gibbering unintelligibly .
Gloria and Leila then take him to the hospital that Bud is in as they attempt to locate the Malibu . )
It 's day now ( previous shots could 've been day or night ) .
Marlene : Otto ,
Otto pull your self together .
Otto : Marlene ?
What 's going on ?
Marlene :
We 're going to the hospital .
Otto , Marlene and the Rodriguez brothers enter the hospital
Voice on the loud speaker : Dr. Benway to surgery .
( Dr. Benway is a character in William Burrough 's novel " Naked Lunch " )
Old lady :
Hey , I know you .
You 're the one that run into my trash .
Otto : Shh !
Old lady : Shhh to you too .
Voice on the loud speaker : Visiting hours are now over .
Thank you for you assistance .
Otto and Marlene enter elevator with 2 health professionals .
Lagarto turns away woman on crutches trying to get in .
Lagarto :
Out of order .
Take the stairs .
Otto and Marlene exit elevator wearing clothes taken from health professionals .
Otto has a smiley face button on his right collar .
Voice on the loud speaker : Mr. Lee. Mr. Lee Please return the scalpel .
Mr. Lee .
( William Lee , a fictionalized version of William Burroughs , is the narrator of " Naked Lunch " )
Otto pulls back sheet covering body on gurney and sees Kevin .
Kevin : Otto ?
Cut back to ER waiting room where nurse is talking to patient who has just filled out a form .
Nurse 1 : Let me see that .
All wrong do it over .
Old lady :
They 're going through it all the and they wo n't pick it up .
Nurse 2 : Oh well is n't that a shame .
Old lady :
Oh tell you it comes to something when they expect you to pick it up .
Otto and Marlene see a door with a pine tree air freshener hanging from the knob .
It 's Bud 's room .
They go in .
Otto :
How are you doing man ?
Marlene : Ask him about the Malibu .
Otto : Look about the other night .
I 'm sorry I split .
I know I should have stayed with you but ah it's like when I was a kid you know I I had this set of big wheels you know .
Marlene : Otto !
Otto , Marlene and the Rodriguez brothers get chased by the agents down the stairs .
Voice on the loud speaker : Please be quiet in the stair wells .
Please be quiet in the stair wells .
Back in Bud 's room
Reverend Larry on the TV : A very sad unchristian thing just happened .
A sweet old lady 's car was stolen .
It 's a Chevy Malibu .
Brothers and sisters .
Please if you 've seen this car .
Just call this toll free number .
Bud : Shit ( shoot ) .
( starts to get up off of the bed )
Reverend Larry : Praise the lord .
( A handwritten note states that the following direction is " VERY IMPORTANT , Without this Rev. Larry Means Nawt ( sic ) " :
The camera judders to a halt below the pulpit .
We see REV LARRY 's lower torso for the first time .
A mass of wires and lights on a tripedal stand .
REV LARRY IS A MACHINE )
Otto , Marlene and Rodriguez brother drive off and the agents chase them through the parking garage .
Napo : Go. Go. Go .
Napo : Come on .
Let 's go .
As they drive off and agents run after , the glowing Malibu drives by and strikes down two of the agents with lightening bolts .
Otto : Dude slow down .
Agent Rogersz stands in the exit with a gun and the door coming down in back of her .
They screech to a stop , causing the cars chasing them to pile up behind .
Napo :
All right do n't shoot come on all right all right
Agents : Chicken shits ( stuff ) .
braak - braak - braak
Agent Rogersz : Where 's the Malibu ?
Otto :
Do n't even ask because I do n't know .
I mean I do n't have it Marlene does n't have it you and your crazy friends do n't have it .
So that only leaves ...
Everybody in Bud 's hospital room
Bud is gone .
Agent :
Where is he .
Agent :
Where the fuck ( hell ) is he .
Reverend Larry on the TV : He is risen , Holy Jesus ' Name .
Otto dives through the open window .
As he does this , the Rodriguez brothers yank the handles on the tear gas cannisters hanging off the vest of one of the agents .
In the confusion , everybody escapes .
In the parking garage , Marlene and the brothers drive off while Otto steals a car by smashing the window with a wooden piling and then hotwiring it .
Napo : Later !
Marlene : Bye , Bye .
Voice from the Radio : Here 's another weird one .
Reports are coming in about apparent hail of ice cubes south of downtown .
Scientist are at a loss to explain the freak showers of tiny cubes of ice .
( A more elaborate chase scene and several shots later we eventually find Otto going to Bud 's mountain outpost with everybody else covertly following .
Otto finds Bud and the Malibu there ) .
Otto arrives at Helping Hands lot while it rains ice cubes .
The Malibu is sitting by itself in the lot and glowing green .
Bud is at the wheel .
Otto :
That 's some weird fucking shit ( filthy stuff ) Eh Bud ?
What 's going on man ?
Bud : Shit ( damn ) !
Eleven years of repoing cars and what have I got ?
Shit ( zilch ) !
Otto : Bud listen to me .
You 're sitting in a car worth twenty thousand dollars .
Look look we we turn it in we take the money and split it sixty forty .
You and me .
Bud :
Who gets the sixty kid ?
( Bud confesses that he broke the code by looking in the trunk .
Otto takes a look , burning his hand in the process .
He catches a glimpse of " a LARGE METAL CYLINDER covered with lights and dials . " )
A bright light approaches in the sky behind Otto as we begin to hear a helicopter .
Otto : Well I do n't know .
I figured since I found the car first that uh ( Bud holds up a pistol ) you 'd get it .
Voice from the Helicopter : Get away from the car .
This is your only warning .
[ 01:25:57 ] Reel
Ten begins playing quietly in the background , slowly increasing in volume during the rest of the scene .
Otto :
We got problems man .
Bud starts to get out of the car , still holding the pistol .
Otto :
No no no no no no no no wait !
Stop fucking ( fooling ) around man !
Only an asshole ( a jackass ) gets killed over a car .
Bud :
You calling me an asshole ( a jackass ) punk ?
Otto : Yeah I 'm calling you an asshole ( a jackass ) .
Bud , now completely out of the car , waves the pistol in the air .
Bud : Come and get me copper I 'm well armed and I know where you live .
Bud goes down in a hail of bullets coming from the helicopter .
Otto , standing next to him and catching him as he falls , is miraculously untouched .
[ Otto : Son of a fucking bitch .
Bud : I would rather die on my feet than live on my knees . ]
A translation of the quote " Prefiero morir de pie que vivir de rodillas . " which is generally attributed to the Mexican revolutionary Emiliano Zapata .
A truck load of agents shows up
( Gloria has her suited men hustle Otto off .
She also suggests he take a shower and burn his clothes .
When asking why , Otto is answered by Kevin who is wearing a protective suit as part of his new job doing Hazardous Disposal Duty .
They watch a tow truck take the Malibu away . )
[ Agent : Come on , out , out .
Agent : Come on you fucking popsicles let 's get that car .
Lite : Hey Oly !
Catch Bud ?
Oly : Fuck you
Agent Rogersz :
We 'll talk to Cliff and drive it off . ]
Oly : I have the papers on this car .
You guys want a beer ?
Lite : Hey Bud , want a beer ?
Bud : No , a cigarette .
Agent Rogersz :
No beer is needed here .
Two agents grab Oly and slam him up against a car
Agent in a radiation suit :
Touching the car I 'm encountering a strange eerie kind of force field .
I do n't know what it is it 's it's ...
A helicopter lands .
Agent : Come on you popsicles .
Agent approaching Malibu catches fire .
Others try to put him out .
Two agents sit togethor talking .
One is wearing a radiation suit and has a heavily bandaged nose .
Agent : God I love this job .
Agent with bandaged nose : Linear and inverse vectors merge in zero .
Agent Rogersz ( escorting the Reverend Larry ) :
This way your holiness .
Reverend Larry approaches flanked by several other holy men .
It is n't clear how they arrived on the scene .
It has been reported that the Rabbi standing next to him is Michael Nesmith .
It has also been reported that Muhammad Ali had been asked to be one of the men , but turned down the role .
Agent :
It 's more than a job it's it 's a calling .
Agent with bandaged nose : Critical mass is at a point of zero .
Agent :
Why , you can say spiritual .
Agent with bandaged nose : Spiritual ?
Agent : Look out .
Reverend Larry walks up to car and holds up a book titled " Holy Bible " .
He is flanked by a group of people in various religious garb .
The " Holy Bible " is struck by a small bolt of lightening .
Reverend Larry : Holy sheep shit ( dip ) .
voices in background : get back , get back
Reverend Larry turns and runs .
Miller begins to calmly approach the Malibu as lightning bolts d
We have plenty of words to describe other senses and experiences , but the sense of ' smell ' seems to defy words .
The human sense of smell is not heavily used compared to that of many animals .
Still , it 's a deep and rich sense , and it can enhance how you communicate ( especially when you 're crafting a story or describing a moment ) .
It can enhance how you experience your other senses ( particularly taste , such as tasting complex flavors in wine and dark chocolate ) , and even with determining when fruit is ripe or milk is spoiled .
If you 'd like to pin down a smell in words , here are some tips that can help you .
Copyright © Rune Guneriussen
All images , text and content of this website is under the sole copyright of Rune Guneriussen , and protected by international law .
Please see the images here , but any transmission , storage or reproduction elsewhere is strictly forbidden .
Les Etats - Unis ne seront plus une superpuissance en 2025 , selon un rapport du Conseil américain du renseignement , qui ajoute qu'il y aura de nouveaux centres de pouvoir .
Ce rapport représente une vision du futur tel que perçue par les services de renseignements américains d'ou son intérêt .
Leur analyse explique la direction que prendra le monde dans les prochaines années .
Ce sera un monde multipolaire avec de nouveaux acteurs économiques et politiques comme la Chine , l'Inde et le Brésil qui joueront un rôle plus important sur la scène internationale .
L'Union européenne est présentée comme un géant au pied d'argile , incapable , pour diverses raisons , de transformer son pouvoir économique en puissance diplomatique ou militaire .
La croissance démographique et économique augmentera la pression sur les ressources naturelles .
Les conflits liés à ces ressources pourraient devenir fréquents .
Le nombre d'Etat en faillite pourrait se multiplier et les institutions internationales auront du mal à les résoudre .
Etrangement , ce rapport semble être , à plusieurs égards , une extrapolation sur la situation qui prévaut actuellement .
Les temps où les Etats - Unis étaient la seule superpuissance , suite à la chute de l'Union soviétique , seront révolus en raison notamment de crises économiques et de la montée inexorable de la Chine , mais aussi du fait des propres actions des Etats - Unis .
Le président élu Barack Obama a lui- même reconnu cet état des faits mais les Etats - Unis demeureront , malgré tout , un acteur diplomatique important pendant plusieurs années encore .
ANN ARBOR — The powerful black holes at the center of massive galaxies and galaxy clusters act as hearts to the systems , pumping energy out at regular intervals to regulate the growth of the black holes themselves , as well as star formation , according to new data from NASA ?s Chandra X - Ray Observatory .
Scientists from the University of Michigan , the Max - Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics in Germany , the University of Maryland , Baltimore County ( UMBC ) , the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics and Jacobs University in Germany contributed to the results .
The gravitational pull of black holes is so strong that not even light can escape from them .
Supermassive black holes with masses of more than a billion suns have been detected at the center of large galaxies .
The material falling on the black holes causes sporadic or isolated bursts of energy , by which black holes are capable of influencing the fate of their host galaxies .
The insight gained by this new research shows that black holes can pump energy in a gentler and rhythmic fashion , rather then violently .
The scientists observed and simulated how the black hole at the center of elliptical galaxy M84 dependably sends bubbles of hot plasma into space , heating up interstellar space .
This heat is believed to slow both the formation of new stars and the growth of the black hole itself , helping the galaxy remain stable .
Interstellar gases only coalesce into new stars when the gas is cool enough .
The heating is more efficient at the sites where it is most needed , the scientists say .
Alexis Finoguenov , of UMBC and the Max - Planck Institute for Extraterrestrial Physics in Germany , compares the central black hole to a heart muscle .
? Just like our hearts periodically pump our circulatory systems to keep us alive , black holes give galaxies a vital warm component .
They are a careful creation of nature , allowing a galaxy to maintain a fragile equilibrium , ?
Finoguenov said .
This finding helps to explain a decades - long paradox of the existence of large amounts of warm gas around certain galaxies , making them appear bright to the Chandra X - ray telescope .
? For decades astronomers were puzzled by the presence of the warm gas around these objects .
The gas was expected to cool down and form a lot of stars ?
said Mateusz Ruszkowski , an assistant professor in the University of Michigan Department of Astronomy .
? Now , we see clear and direct evidence that the heating mechanism of black holes is persistent , producing enough heat to significantly suppress star formation .
These plasma bubbles are caused by bursts of energy that happen one after another rather than occasionally , and the direct evidence for such periodic behavior is difficult to find .?
The bubbles form one inside another , for a sort of Russian doll effect that has not been seen before , Ruszkowski said .
One of the bubbles of hot plasma appears to be bursting and its contents spilling out , further contributing to the heating of the interstellar gas .
? Disturbed gas in old galaxies is seen in many images that NASA ?s Chandra observatory obtained , but seeing multiple events is a really impressive evidence for persistent black hole activity , ? says Christine Jones , an astrophysicist at the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics .
A paper on the research called ?
In - depth Chandra study of the AGN feedback in Virgo Elliptical Galaxy M84 ? has been published in Astrophysical Journal .
function MM_CheckFlashVersion( reqVerStr,msg ) {
with ( navigator ) {
var isIE = ( appVersion.indexOf ( " MSIE " ) != - 1 && userAgent.indexOf ( " Opera " ) == - 1 ) ;
var isWin = ( appVersion.toLowerCase ().indexOf ( " win " ) != - 1 ) ;
if (!isIE || ! isWin ) {
var flashVer = - 1 ;
if ( plugins && plugins.length > 0 ) {
var desc = plugins [ " Shockwave Flash " ] ?
plugins [ " Shockwave Flash " ] . description : " " ;
desc = plugins [ " Shockwave Flash 2.0 " ] ? plugins [ " Shockwave Flash 2.0 " ] . description : desc ;
if ( desc == " " ) flashVer = - 1 ;
else {
var descArr = desc.split ( " " ) ;
var tempArrMajor = descArr [ 2].split ( " . " ) ;
var verMajor = tempArrMajor[0 ] ;
var tempArrMinor = ( descArr [ 3 ] != " " ) ? descArr [ 3].split( " r " ) : descArr [ 4].split ( " r " ) ;
var verMinor = ( tempArrMinor [ 1 ] > 0 ) ? tempArrMinor[ 1 ] : 0 ;
flashVer = parseFloat ( verMajor + " . " + verMinor ) ;
}
}
// WebTV has Flash Player 4 or lower -- too low for video
else if ( userAgent.toLowerCase ().indexOf ( " webtv " ) != - 1 ) flashVer = 4.0 ;
var verArr = reqVerStr.split ( " , " ) ;
var reqVer = parseFloat ( verArr [ 0 ] + " . " + verArr [ 2 ] ) ;
if ( flashVer < reqVer ) { if ( confirm ( msg ) ) window.location = " http://www.adobe.com/shockwave/download/download.cgi?P1_Prod_Version=ShockwaveFlash " ; } } } }
AC_FL_RunContent ( ' codebase ' , 'http://download.macromedia.com/pub/shockwave/cabs/flash/swflash.cab#version=8,0,0,0','width','320','height','240','id','FLVPlayer','src','FLVPlayer_Progressive','flashvars','&MM_ComponentVersion=1&skinName=Clear_Skin_1&streamName=moviefast&autoPlay=true&autoRewind=false','quality','high','scale','noscale','name','FLVPlayer','salign','lt','pluginspage','http://www.adobe.com/shockwave/download/download.cgi?P1_Prod_Version=ShockwaveFlash','movie','FLVPlayer_Progressive' ) ; //end AC code
Mateusz RuszkowskiNASA?s
Chandra X - Ray Observatory , operated by the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics
( CNN ) --
Before he accepted Barack Obama 's offer to join his presidential ticket , Joe Biden got a promise from Obama : that he would be there for " every critical decision , " Biden said in an interview broadcast Sunday .
Vice President - elect Joe Biden will chair a new task force aimed at helping working families .
Speaking to ABC's " This Week , " Biden said he believes the vice president 's role is to provide " the best , sagest , most accurate , most insightful advice and recommendations he or she can make to a president to help them make some of the very , very important decisions that have to be made . "
When Obama talked to him about the vice - presidential slot , Biden recalled , " I said , ' I do n't want to be picked unless you 're picking me for my judgment .
I do n't want to be the guy that goes out and has a specific assignment .
... I want a commitment from you that in every important decision you 'll make , every critical decision , economic and political , as well as foreign policy , I 'll get to be in the room . ' "
Biden said President - elect Obama has kept the promise , having Biden in the room for all of his decisions about who will fill key posts in the administration .
Biden will have a specific assignment as the new administration gets under way , however .
Come Inauguration Day , he will be the working families czar , so to speak .
On Sunday , Obama 's transition team announced the new " White House Task Force on Working Families " -- a major initiative targeted at " raising the living standards of middle - class , working families in America . "
The initiative will be chaired by Biden .
Other members of the task force will include the secretaries of labor , health and human services , and commerce , as well as the directors of the National Economic Council , the Office of Management and Budget , and the Domestic Policy Counsel , and the chair of the Council of Economic Advisors .
In an interview with ABC's " This Week , " Biden said it 's a " discrete job that 's going to last only for a certain period of time . "
" The one thing that we use as a yardstick of economic success of our administration :
Is the middle class growing ?
Is the middle class getting better ?
Is the middle class no longer being left behind ?
And we 'll look at everything from college affordability to after - school programs , the things that affect people 's daily lives .
I will be the guy honchoing that policy , " he said .
Biden said he will have the authority to get a consensus among the task force -- but will use his relationship with the president if a consensus is n't reached .
" If in fact there is no consensus , [ I 'd ] go to the president of the United States and say , ' Mr. President , I think we should be doing this , cabinet member so - and - so thinks that .
You 're going to have to resolve what it is we think we should do . ' "
Larry King Exclusive Joe Biden says he 'll change the role of VP ... but how ?
He joins Larry for the hour .
Monday 9ET on CNN see full schedule »
Obama has set up several key goals for the task force , including expanding education and training ; improving work and family balance ; a focus on labor standards , including workplace safety ; and protecting working - family incomes and retirement security .
So what power will the new task force have in shaping policy ?
According to the transition team , Biden and other members " will expedite administrative reforms , propose Executive orders , and develop legislative and public policy proposals that can be of special importance to working families . "
" My administration will be absolutely committed to the future of America 's middle - class and working families .
They will be front and center every day in our work in the White House , " said Obama in a statement .
" And this Task Force will be one vehicle we will use to ensure that we never forget that commitment . "
And in line with the Obama team 's pledge of full transparency , the task force will issue annual reports , available online to the public .
Anna Burger , chairwoman of Change To Win -- a group made up of seven unions -- hailed the announcement .
" [ It ] shows that President - elect Obama is committed to middle class families and change truly is coming to Washington .
Working people finally have an administration that is willing and eager to take action to address their needs , " she said in a statement .
" The White House Task Force on Working Families is a vital first step toward restoring our economy and making government work for working people again . "
In what ABC billed as Biden 's first interview as vice president - elect , Biden also discussed the role he played in helping Sen.
Hillary Clinton decide to accept Obama 's offer to serve as his secretary of state .
" She 's one of my close friends .
And when this came forward , I did talk to her .
She sought me out .
I sought her out as well , to assure her that this was real , " he said , adding that " there was a lot swirling around " at the time .
Biden said he does not know whether he played a " key " role in helping Clinton make her decision .
" It was n't so much convincing , but I -- they wanted to know my perspective , and I gave my perspective . "
Biden also said that the nation 's economy " is in much worse shape than we thought it was in , " and the immediate goal is to pass another stimulus package to prevent it from " absolutely tanking . "
" There is going to be real significant investment , " Biden said .
" Whether it 's $ 600 billion or more , or $ 700 billion , the clear notion is , it 's a number no one thought about a year ago .
" ...
The single most important thing we have to do as a new administration -- to be able to have impact on all of the other things we want to do , from foreign policy to domestic policy -- is we 've got to begin to stem this bleeding here and begin to stop the loss of jobs in the creation of jobs , " said Biden , who also said he had spoken with members of Congress from both parties about a new stimulus .
Obama , meanwhile , has decided to increase his goal for creating new jobs after receiving economic forecasts that suggest the economy is in worse shape than had been predicted , two Democratic officials told CNN Saturday .
Watch what Obama has to say about the economy »
The officials said Obama is increasing his goal from 2.5 million to 3 million jobs over the next two years after receiving projections early this week that suggest the recession will be deeper than expected .
CNN Chief White House Correspondent Ed Henry contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • Joseph Biden
" Oughta Know Inbound Marketing "
By HubSpot's Rebecca Corliss
If I make one more call
I might go punch a wall .
No one understands
That this does n't work .
They hang up cause I 'm a creep .
The mail I send they do n't read .
They always find a way to
Ignore me .
I 'm interrupting their lives
So they threaten me with knives .
I did n't think that marketing was like torture .
Cause the calls , direct mail
TV ads , they all fail .
And they are n't getting me anywhere .
They do n't work .
No !
And every time I try to sell
' Didja know that I 'm told I should go to hell ?
Then I cry .
Then I cry .
And you wonder why .
I want leads
To come to me .
Fix our SEO
Get some inbound links .
RSS
Let 's get blogging .
Why do n't we just use inbound marketing ?
You .
You .
You .
Oughta know .
Get my page rank up .
Tag my content .
Fix my landing page .
Let them come to me .
Now I can blog I can tweet
Publish things you will read .
Wo n't have to bug you in the middle of dinner .
Google me organically
Search results one two and three .
You need my products ?
Uh huh .
Yeah you 'll find me .
Cause the calls , direct mail
TV ads , they all failed .
And they were n't getting me anywhere .
They do n't work .
No !
And every time I tried to sell
' Didja know I was told I should go to hell .
Then I cried .
Then I cried .
And you wondered why .
Now my leads
They come to me
Fixed our SEO
Got some inbound links
RSS
Now we 're blogging
Thank god now we use inbound marketing .
You .
You .
You .
Oughta know .
See the video here :
http://blog.hubspot.com/blog/tabid/6307/bi...-Marketing.aspx
By Jonathan Head
BBC News , Bangkok
For weeks the yellow - shirted protesters of the People 's Alliance for Democracy ( PAD ) have hogged the limelight in Thailand .
Pro-government supporters are fighting back with their own rallies
With the backing of powerful military and palace figures , they have helped unseat one prime minister and two members of his cabinet .
The embattled government , led by allies of controversial former Prime Minister Thaksin Shinawatra , has in vain protested that it was popularly elected less than a year ago .
Now it has started fighting back with a series of mass rallies by its own red-shirted followers .
This is a dangerous contest between two power - hungry political factions who see it as a zero - sum game , in which they either win everything , or lose everything .
But it has become much more than that .
The rift has split Thai society , along regional and especially along class lines .
' Dress in red '
It is Monday morning , in a quiet backstreet in Udon Thani , provincial capital of a north - eastern province bordering Laos and a known Thaksin stronghold .
Radio DJ Kwanchai Sarakam is taking calls .
He is a firebrand Thaksin loyalist who already faces criminal charges over his involvement in a clash with PAD supporters in July .
But his callers are just as fired up .
If the PAD cannot convince me their version of democracy will help grass - roots people like me , then I will fight them to my last breath
Farmer Ankham Ratanasingha ( left )
The first is an old lady , with a warning for the military .
" Listen to me , soldiers , " she shouts down a crackly phone line , " if you dare try another coup , forget about getting roses , because I will dress myself entirely in red - red hair , red panties , red bra , red fingernails - and jump in front of your tanks .
You will have to run over me , a grass - roots woman , and crush me to death . "
Other calls follow in a similar , if less melodramatic , vein .
The show finishes with a rousing song , scorning " educated people " for their ignorance and lack of manners .
Kwanchai threatens to bring a red- shirted army to Bangkok to declare war on the PAD .
He says there will have to be bloodshed before Thailand can get through this crisis .
He almost seems to relish the prospect .
But the sense of being engaged in a class war is commonplace on both sides of this struggle .
Rich - poor divide " You see these people here - they are all educated people , " one man told me at a PAD gathering in Bangkok .
" But the ones who support the government party , they are all uneducated , especially from the north and north - east . "
This is a typical comment from the PAD , implying that the millions of rural people who consistently vote for pro-Thaksin politicians are either bribed or do not understand what they are doing .
Anti-government rallies have been held in Bangkok for weeks
It is the justification the PAD gives for demanding a parliament which is part - appointed .
Such an attitude infuriates Ankham Ratanasingha , who runs a small farm with her husband just outside Udon Thani .
She had to leave school at 10 years old , but takes pride in having educated her two children to university level .
" If the PAD can not convince me that their version of democracy will help grass - roots people like me , then I will fight them to my last breath , " she said .
" They should treat us with respect , not as people they can just squash under their feet . "
" The problem of Thai political crisis is a class struggle " , says Attajak Satayanutak , an academic from Thaksin 's home town Chiang Mai .
" We have a wide gap between rich and poor .
The poor did not receive anything from the state for a long time .
Then , for the first time , Thaksin gave this opportunity for them . "
The affection for Thaksin Shinawatra has held up remarkably well in the north - east , a poor and arid region known as Isaan .
Local people say his populist policies , like universal healthcare and the village loan scheme , brought big improvements to the quality of their lives .
But time and again they cite something else - dignity .
They told me he offered them the hope of improving themselves , without making them feel small , or humble .
If the military mounts another coup , this time the country will split , and there will be civil war
Thaksin supporter
His darker sides - abuses of power , human rights violations , arrogance - were brushed aside as less important .
Isaan has long been the butt of jokes in Thailand .
It has a culture and language closer to that of neighbouring Laos than the central plains around Bangkok .
It supplies much of the cheap , migrant labour to the capital .
But it has one valuable asset Thaksin Shinawatra identified as he began planning his bid for power in the late 1990s - voters , around one third of the total .
He was the first politician to court them directly , with appealing policies , rather than relying on the local godfathers to deliver their support .
In doing so , he has awoken a new political self - awareness in a previously passive region .
And Isaan people are furious about the comments they are hearing from the PAD in Bangkok .
" Those who think Isaan people blindly follow Thaksin Shinawatra have an outdated image of our region , " I was told by Puttakarn Panthong , a local politician who is not affiliated with Mr Thaksin 's party .
" They have better education now , and they understand who and what they are voting for . "
Stuck in exile
So at the first of the big rallies in Bangkok , the former prime minister 's phone - call , from somewhere overseas , was the most eagerly awaited moment of the night .
Politician Chaturon Chaiseng 's song made the link with past class struggles A huge roar went up from the 60,000 red- shirted faithful as his voice came over the speakers , asking : " Have you missed me ? "
There were more than a few tearful faces in the crowd .
But this was also a carefully - choreographed event , intended to send out a signal to the PAD and its royalist backers , that they face formidable opposition .
The crowd was far larger than any the PAD has managed to attract this year .
Aside from Mr Thaksin , the highlight of the night was a song sung by Chaturon Chaiseng , one of the most respected politicians in the Thaksin camp .
He was also once a left - wing activist who took up arms against the military during the communist insurgency of the last 1970s .
And the song he chose was written by one of his comrades - in - arms , which tells of the sadness of a young rebel unable to return home .
The reference , or course , was to Mr Thaksin , stuck in exile , facing a two - year prison sentence if he comes back .
But it also connected his poor , rural followers today , with the class conflicts of Thailand 's past .
Behind Mr Chaturon they held up the words " NO MORE COUP " in bold red letters .
It seemed more of a warning than a plea .
One man turned to me and said : " If the military mounts another coup , this time the country will split , and there will be civil war . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Bankers are counting down the days until they officially close the book on a terrible 2008 .
Too bad the outlook for 2009 is just as dismal .
It may seem hard to imagine how 2009 can be worse than this year for the industry .
Governments around the globe were forced to institute massive bailout programs .
Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) lost more and more money as the credit crisis gained momentum and needed a more than $ 300 billion backstop from the government to keep it afloat .
IndyMac and Washington Mutual both failed .
Investment bank Lehman Brothers went bankrupt .
And investors lost tons of money in bank stocks .
Through late December , the Standard & Poor 's banking index and the regional bank - focused KBW Bank Index had both lost more than half their value in 2008 .
Credit remains the big story
Banks this year suffered largely due to troubles with mortgages .
With few signs of an imminent turnaround in housing , bad home loans are likely to remain front and center for the industry in 2009 .
But they 're likely to face more problems with other types of loans as well .
Many banks have already experienced a significant deterioration in the health of their credit cards and home equity loan portfolios , and are bracing for those troubles to become even worse .
In addition , problems in commercial real estate and business loans are starting to surface as well .
" There is loan quality deterioration across a number of sectors , " said Tanya Azarchs , veteran industry analyst and managing director for Standard & Poor's .
" It is not just the consumer anymore . "
Barclays Capital analyst Jason Goldberg warned clients in a research note earlier this month that he expected large - cap banks to record close to $ 130 billion in net charge offs , or uncollectible loan losses , in 2009 - almost twice what the group is expected to experience in 2008 .
Banks have tried to prepare for such a scenario by setting aside cash in recent quarters .
Capital injections from the Treasury Department as part of the bank bailout program are also expected to help to cushion the blow ..
To date , Treasury has either invested , or pledged more than $ 207 billion to over 200 banks across the country , according to analysts at Keefe , Bruyette & Woods .
Analysts are expecting an increase in earnings next year , but much of that is due to the fact that 2008 was so bad .
Few are expecting the industry 's profits in 2009 to return to the level prior to the crisis .
Earnings per share for all financial services firms in the S&P 500 are expected to be a third lower than 2007 levels , according to Thomson Baseline .
For regional banks , profits are expected to be down nearly two - thirds from where they were in 2007 .
The regulatory threat
But bankers ' problems do n't end with weak earnings outlooks .
Lawmakers will probably be looking for ways to extract the proverbial pound of flesh from banks now that they 've extended $ 700 billion to them , said Seamus McMahon , vice president in the financial services group at consulting firm Booz & Company .
Members of Congress could push banks to restructure mortgages or limit foreclosures and push banks harder on making loans to small businesses , much in the same way that Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) was pressured to extend credit to a Chicago window and door maker earlier this month .
" You are not going to have a Congress that is even remotely sympathetic to big banks , " McMahon said .
Some veteran bankers worry that the industry could revert to the highly regulated era of the 1980s , where banks were required to impose rate caps on interest - bearing savings accounts , for example .
No such regulatory threat has emerged yet .
And according to McMahon , it could be at least several more months before one does .
But the industry is bracing for stricter rules .
" A lot of bankers are saying , ' We are living in a new world - we better come to grips with it , ' " he said .
Winners in '09 ?
Another challenge looming in the year ahead is good old - fashioned competition , especially for deposits .
Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) and Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) , for example , are now classified as bank holding companies , which will allow them to compete more directly with the likes of Citigroup , Bank of America and JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) for traditional banking customers .
At the same time , plenty of banks still face issues related to liquidity , including being able to meet the needs of customers wanting to withdraw funds and borrowers who need credit .
But from among this troubled group , analysts think some winners will emerge in 2009 .
One favorite is US Bancorp ( USB , Fortune 500 ) , which has won praise for showing restraint in the years leading up to the crisis while its peers doubled down on the U.S. housing market .
There has been plenty of speculation that the Minneapolis - based bank could soon try and expand its footprint , possibly by acquiring some of its harder - hit Midwestern peers such as KeyCorp ( KEY , Fortune 500 ) or Fifth Third ( FITB , Fortune 500 ) .
Analysts also cite PNC ( PNC , Fortune 500 ) as one bank that should emerge from 2009 in relatively good health .
Fresh off its acquisition of National City in late October , the Pittsburgh - based bank did n't overextend itself in the housing market , notes Jennifer Thompson , regional banking analyst at the New York - based financial services research firm Portales Partners .
" They are facing the same issue every other bank is , but they have a cleaner balance sheet and are good operators , " said Thompson .
Further consolidation among banks does seem inevitable in 2009 given how drastically valuations have fallen across the sector over the past year .
But analysts are doubtful that the industry will experience the same high - profile mergers that defined 2008 , such as Bank of America 's acquisition of Merrill Lynch , Wells Fargo 's ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) move to purchase Wachovia and JPMorgan Chase 's deals for investment bank Bear Stearns and failed savings and loan WaMu .
Pelosi , Reid name members of TARP oversight
Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) on Friday named their three members of a five - person oversight panel that will monitor Treasury 's Wall Street rescue plan and regularly report back to Congress .
Treasury 's inspector general told the Washington Post earlier this week that oversight of the program is " a mess " - even though the administration has already committed $ 290 billion of the first $ 350 billion pledged .
Pelosi named Richard H. Neiman , superintendent of Banks in New York .
Reid appointed Elizabeth Warren of Harvard Law School .
And the two leaders jointly appointed Damon Silvers , AFL - CIO Associate General Counsel .
Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - Ky . ) and House Minority Leader John A. Boehner ( R - Ohio ) each nominate one member of the oversight board , which will deliver monthly reports to Congress on the impact of the program , the transparency of its record - keeping and the effectiveness it has on " mitigating foreclosures and maxmizing taxpayer benefits .
The panel will also deliver Congress a report by Jan. 20 on the effectiveness of the regulatory structure now governing the country 's financial system .
CORRECTION :
The initial posting incorrectly said the oversight board only had three members .
Grass Garners Just A Ticket In Chicago Heights
By Marcus Gilmer in News on Dec 2 , 2008 5:24 PM
If you like smoking grass , Chicago Heights is your place to be .
The south suburb 's city council used its home rule authority to puff - puff - pass an ordinance that says anyone caught with 30 grams or less of marijuana will only be ticketed instead of facing criminal charges .
City attorney TJ Somer said addressing such offenses as ordinance violations rather than crimes helps " unclog " the criminal justice system while providing extra revenue for the city .
That 's because the city does n't have to share revenue from fines with the Cook County Circuit Court system .
Singer and actor Jerry Reed , best known as " The Guitar Man " of country music , is seen in this undated handout .
Reed died at age 71 from complications from emphysema September 1 , 2008 , according to Country Music Television in Nashville .
REUTERS / Courtesy Third Coast Talent / Handout
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Singer and actor Jerry Reed , known as “ The Guitar Man ” of country music , has died at the age of 71 , ending a career that took him from writing hit songs like “ When You ’re Hot , You ’re Hot ” to major acting roles in Hollywood .
Reed died on Monday from complications from emphysema .
He had been cared for recently in a hospice , Country Music Television in Nashville reported .
Born in Atlanta , Georgia , Reed released more than 40 albums over a long career that started with his first record at the age of 18 .
He went on to become a Grammy award - winning musician as well as a popular session and tour guitarist who played with the likes of Joan Baez and Ringo Starr .
In the mid-1970s , Reed teamed up with friend and actor Burt Reynolds and appeared in the three “ Smokey and the Bandit ” movies as Reynolds ’ truck - driving sidekick “ The Snowman ” .
He also wrote the hit song “ East Bound and Down ” from the first movie .
Reed later played Coach Red Beaulieu in the 1998 movie “ The Waterboy ” with Adam Sandler .
Elvis Presley recorded two of Reed ’s early songs -- “ U.S. Male ” and “ Guitar Man ” and Reed played his distinctive “ claw - style ” licks on the studio recordings .
Reed also played with country star Chet Atkins and was a regular on the “ Glen Campbell Goodtime Hour ” in 1970 , as well as writing songs for Johnny Cash , Brenda Lee and many others .
Reed won two Grammys in the early 1970s and another in 1992 for the album “ Sneakin ’ Around . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement By Sorious Samura
BBC Panorama reporter
Where I come from in West Africa , we have a saying : " A fool at 40 is a fool forever " , and most African countries have now been independent for over 40 years .
Most are blessed with all the elements to help compete on a global stage - abundant natural resources , a young population and the climate and conditions to be a major agricultural force .
And yet today , my continent , which is home to 10 % of the world 's population , represents just 1 % of global trade .
I have no doubt we have to take responsibility for our failures .
We can't afford to keep playing the blame game .
But when 50 years of foreign aid has failed to lift Africa out of poverty , could corruption be the reason ?
Could that really be all there is to it ?
Causes of corruption
The symptoms of corruption are easy to spot .
Teachers demand bribes from their students because they can not get by on their wages .
Government officials , doctors and nurses steal drugs meant for their patients to sell on the black market .
African leaders have property portfolios across the globe , while their citizens live on $ 1 a day or less .
It is in the classroom that many get their first taste of corruption
But searching for the causes , I had to ask myself some difficult questions .
People often say a nation gets the government it deserves .
And we Africans have certainly made some bad choices in terms of leaders , but all too often Western aid has ended up bankrolling them .
Aid has offered legitimacy to corrupt and autocratic regimes , allowing them to hang on to power even when they have lost popularity with their own citizens .
While we were filming inside Uganda 's largest hospital , Mulago hospital , these thoughts came sharply into focus .
We saw dozens of mothers with their newborn babies lying on the blood - splattered floor next to disposed needles .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The aid has had little effect because the aid never gets to the people and the organisations that need it CB , London Victims of road accidents were hauled into hospital by relatives because there are few porters , few trolleys and even fewer ambulances .
Some patients were even left to bleed on the floor .
These are images I have seen repeated all over Africa and it left me wondering , why we Africans cannot demand greater accountability from our leaders .
Why do they keep getting away with this level of neglect ?
But I was quickly reminded of the proverb taught as a nursery rhyme to African children - he who pays the piper calls the tune .
Despite huge aid efforts for the very poorest Africans little has changed Many sub-Saharan African countries have had high levels of aid dependence - in excess of 10 % of gross domestic product , or half of government spending - for decades .
When half the government budget comes from aid , African leaders find themselves less inclined to tax their citizens .
As a result , governments that are highly dependent on aid pay too much attention to donors and too little to the actual needs of their own citizens .
And unfortunately donors have their own objectives which are not always the same as the citizens of African countries .
' Rewarding failure '
Building new schools and clinics in record numbers looks good on paper and makes politicians look good in front of voters back home .
But when these clinics lack the most basic facilities and there are not enough teachers in the classroom , it is the ordinary Africans who get a raw deal .
Another criticism of aid increasingly voiced by Africans , but rarely heard in the West is that it sponsors failure , but rarely rewards success .
One fifth of children in Sierra Leone will not see their fifth birthday While I was filming in Uganda , local newspaper editor Andrew Mwenda took me and my crew to his home village near the town of Port Loco in the west of the country .
There he introduced us to two men , one in his sixties and one aged 26 .
" This man represents the tragedy of aid , " he said pointing to the older of the two .
" While this man represents the potential of aid , " he said indicating the younger man .
Mr Mwenda explained that the sexagenarian was the chairman of the local parish council who had spent most of his life living off aid money , supervising projects meant to benefit the community .
Today he is an alcoholic who still lives with his mother .
Dysfunctional lifestyle
The younger man started selling potatoes in the village square at the age of 17 .
Less than 10 years later he owns the largest and busiest store in the village .
He has not received one penny from aid , yet he has bought himself land and has built a house .
" So you see , " Mr Mwenda said .
" If aid were to offer this young man support in the form of low interest credit he could not only expand his business offering employment opportunities and a valuable service to his community , he could also eventually pay the money back . "
In Mulago hospital injured people lay on the blood - spattered floor But instead of funding innovation and creativity , aid has funded the chairman 's dysfunctional lifestyle .
Prolonged aid programmes also have wider implications for developing economies .
Thirty years of aid dollars flowing into the Ugandan economy has left the country suffering from what economists refer to as the " Dutch disease " .
Large inflows of foreign currency push up the value of the Ugandan shilling making its agricultural and manufactured goods less price competitive .
This results in fewer exports and less home - grown , sustainable earnings for the country .
Local entrepreneurs such as coffee growers and flower exporters should be cashing in on rising food and commodity prices across the globe at the moment , but they are finding themselves crowded out of their own economy by foreign aid dollars .
Graduates lost Small African producers also have to compete with heavily subsided products from Europe and North America .
And in the labour ward mothers and their newborns are often without a bed Uganda 's cotton industry is capable of exporting almost half a million bales per year , but so far in 2008 the country has only managed 160,000 bales .
High government subsidies for North American cotton farmers prevent Ugandan producers from offering competitive prices in international markets .
In their glossy pamphlets and on the pages of their high - spec websites , donors tend to wax lyrical about the importance of trade to Africa 's future , yet very little progress has been made on opening up international markets .
African producers still represent just 1 % of global trade .
And at least 70,000 skilled graduates abandon the continent every year , often trained by Western aid , but unable to stay in the market because salaries are so low .
Until these gifted and enterprising people can be attracted to return , most of the world 's peacekeeping efforts , on the continent , and certainly most of its aid , will have little effect .
Panorama : Addicted to Aid on BBC One at 2030 on Monday 24 November .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - U.S. President George W. Bush on Thursday offered a vigorous defense of the free market system , but acknowledged there should be some reforms to correct the problems that led to the global financial crisis .
President George W. Bush makes remarks at the 2008 Bishop John T. Walker Memorial Dinner where he received the Distinguished Humanitarian Service Award in Washington , DC , November 12 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Joshua Roberts
On the eve of hosting the Group of 20 leaders in Washington , Bush went to Wall Street to set out his views and agenda for the summit that will kick off efforts to reform the global financial regulatory system .
“ While reforms in the financial sector are essential , the long - term solution to today ’s problems is sustained economic growth , ” Bush said at Federal Hall on Wall Street .
“ And the surest path to that growth is free markets and free people . ”
He made his argument even as the U.S. government has set billions of dollars for taking stakes in banks to help jump start lending again .
“ I ’m a market - oriented guy , but not when I ’m faced with the prospect of a global meltdown , ” he said .
Bush also encouraged leaders to consider some reforms like those for the international financial institutions .
The G20 meetings on Friday and Saturday brings together key emerging - market countries like China , India , Brazil and Saudi Arabia with the so - called Group of Seven industrial nations to begin examining the causes of the turmoil and plot solutions .
The leaders will dine at the White House on Friday and hold two plenary sessions on Saturday followed by a luncheon and a statement by Bush .
Governments have already thrown hundreds of billions of dollars into the markets in a bid to thaw frozen credit markets , calm jittery traders and prevent the global economy from spiraling into a recession .
While some leaders have called for undertaking big reforms to the financial architecture , the Bush administration so far has been more cautious .
There have been questions about whether differences could be bridged to achieve tangible progress .
While Bush warned in his speech that the crisis would not be solved overnight and there would be more “ difficult days ahead , ” he said that this weekend leaders would set principles for adjusting their own financial systems and discuss actions they can take to implement them .
While acknowledging that critics from across the ideological spectrum are “ equating the free enterprise system with greed and exploitation and failure , ” Bush argued that the crisis was not a failure of the free market system .
“ The answer is not to try to reinvent that system , ” Bush said .
“ It is to fix the problems we face , make the reforms we need , and move forward with the free market principles that have delivered prosperity and hope to people all across the globe . ”
Bush in his speech called for the G20 leaders to consider improving accounting rules for securities to ensure investors understand the value of the assets they are buying as well as improving regulations to reduce risk to the financial system .
As one example , Bush suggested that credit default swaps be processed through a centralized clearing house rather than through unregulated over - the - counter markets .
Bush also urged that institutions like the International Monetary Fund and World Bank be overhauled , including considering giving more voting power to developing economies as they contribute more to those institutions .
“ All these steps require decisive actions from governments around the world , ” Bush said , adding that “ at the same time , we must recognize that government intervention is not a cure - all . ”
He noted European countries have more extensive regulations and said they suffered similar problems to the United States .
The gathering will be the first in a series and U.S. officials expecting the next to occur during the first quarter of 2009 , likely after Bush , a Republican , has left office and is succeeded by President - elect Barack Obama , a Democrat .
Pennsylvania teacher 's aide said Obama would be shot David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday November 11 , 2008
Print This Email This
The mother of a sixteen - year - old student in the Allison Park suburb of Pittsburgh was shocked when her daughter repeated disparaging remarks made about Barack Obama by a teacher 's aide at her vocational high school .
" One of the teacher 's aides ... said that Obama was going to be shot and killed , " Mara Gilligan told KDKA News .
" And that our flag is going to be the KFC [ Kentucky Fried Chicken ] flag and that the new national anthem will be ' Moving On Up ' -- and that all my daughter 's beliefs were wrong and her children 's lives were going to be ruined because Obama was elected . "
Gilligan , who is white , said that her biracial daughter took the comments personally .
" Being biracial , she was overjoyed that someone of color was elected , and she was so happy and excited to come to school .
And for this teacher to yell these things at her and her fellow classmates was just unbelievable . "
A teacher at the A.W. Beattie Career Center who overheard the comments filed a complaint with the principal , and Gilligan has since received an email from the administrative director saying the aide would be suspended and disciplined .
However , the school would not comment to KDKA on the story .
" You do n't have to yell at other people , especially our youth that are excited about the election , " Gilligan concluded .
" I mean , anybody should want that to happen , especially a teacher , and for you to destroy that joy that they have because of an election is terrible . "
Southwestern Pennsylvania was repeatedly cited during the presidential campaign as a stronghold of racist attitudes , and even Rep. John Murtha , who represents a district east of Pittsburgh , aroused controversy when he referred to many of his own constituents as racists .
Two organizations which have been described as explicitly racist appear to be located in Allison Park , where the incident occurred -- the American National Union , which has its mailing address there , and a chapter of the Citizens Councils of America .
The KDKA News story is available here .
This video is from KDKA , broadcast Nov. 10 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
COOS BAY -- Kitzen and Jeni Branting have been in a committed lesbian relationship since high school and plan to get legally married in Oregon next spring .
Yes , in Oregon .
True , voters amended the state Constitution constitution in 2004 to allow marriage only between only a man and a woman .
And Congress outlawed gay marriage more than a decade ago .
But Kitzen Branting , 25 , is a member of the Coquille Indian Tribe on the southern Oregon coast .
As a federally recognized sovereign nation , the tribe is not bound by the Oregon 's Constitution .
The tribe recently adopted a law that recognizes same - sex marriage and extends to gay and lesbian partners , at least one of whom must be a Coquille , all tribal benefits of marriage .
The Coquilles ( which tribal leaders prefer to pronounce KO - kwell ) are probably the first tribe in the nation to legalize same - sex marriage , says Brian Gilley , a University of Vermont anthropology professor and author of the book , " Becoming Two - Spirit : Gay Identity and Social Acceptance in Indian Country . "
Many Native American tribes historically accepted same - sex relationships , Gilley says .
But after a lesbian couple married under an ambiguous Cherokee law in Oklahoma three years ago , that tribe 's council adopted a law banning same - sex marriage .
Other tribes across the nation , including the Navajos , the nation 's largest tribe , passed similar bans , he says .
Because the Coquilles have federal status , a marriage within the tribe would be federally recognized , Gilley says .
And that would violate the Defense of Marriage Act , a law that says
the federal government " may not treat same - sex relationships as marriages for any purpose . "
The federal government could challenge the Coquille law as a way of testing the limits of tribal independence .
" This could be a test of sovereignty , " he says .
The tribe concluded that the Defense of Marriage Act may bar the tribe from conferring federal benefits or money on same - sex spouses , said Melissa Cribbins , assistant tribal attorney .
Ken Tanner of Ashland , chief of the Coquilles , gathered Friday with two tribal attorneys and a reporter in the plankhouse in Coos Bay .
The 2 - year - old meeting hall was built in traditional
style but on a larger scale with hand - crafted cedar plank walls and hand - peeled pillars of timber .
A simple broad bench fringes the hall , which is open and empty save for the smell of cedar .
In a brief prayer , Tanner called on the grandfather creator to bless the building and then took a seat with the others on log sections around a gas fire at one end of the hall .
Native Americans are " sensitive to discrimination of any kind , " says Tanner .
" For our tribe , we want people to walk in the shoes of other people and learn to respect differences .
Through
that , we think we build a stronger community . "
The new law establishes tribal rules for recognizing marriage , whether for gay or heterosexual couples .
It wo n't take effect until the tribe also creates laws for divorce and child custody , tribal attorney Brett Kenney says .
The seven - member tribal council expects to adopt such laws next year .
As a practical matter , Jeni and Kitzen Branting , whose maiden name is Doyle and who legally adopted Jeni 's last name three years ago , already have the tribal benefits of marriage .
That 's because part of the new law already is in effect , recognizing marriages and domestic partnerships legally established in states and countries .
The Brantings entered a legal domestic
partnership in Washington last year , and the tribe sees the partnership as tantamount to marriage .
While Jeni Branting , 27 , is not a tribal member , she is entitled to tribal benefits as Kitzen 's spouse , even though the couple plans to move off tribal land next week to Edmonds , Wash . , near Seattle , where both grew up .
Jeni Branting , for example , has applied for the Coquille health care plan .
She also is entitled to housing and fitness benefits and access to tribal community events .
The tribe in recent years has become wealthy enough to provide support to its 850 members , about half of whom live in Coos and four neighboring counties .
The Brantings met in high school in Edmonds while working in theater productions .
They went on to attend The Evergreen State College in Olympia , where they focused on Native American studies and graduated last spring .
They spent the past year living on tribal land and studying Coquille culture and history for a senior project .
They were among several tribal members who urged the council about a year ago to consider establishing same - sex marriage .
" I wanted my tribal family to say , ' Yes , we recognize that you are equal to any other tribal member , and you are just as important , and your spouse should have the same rights as any
other spouse , ' " Kitzen Branting says .
Kenney , the tribal attorney , said he could find no other tribe that had legalized same - sex marriage .
The culture committee reviewed tribal history and concluded " same - sex domestic relations were accepted with no exclusions from tribal citizenship , the community , auspices or
spiritual activities , " reported Jack Lenox , the committee chairman .
The new law stirred " some strong feelings " among a minority of tribal members who opposed it , Tanner said .
Yet all but two members of the council and a majority of 14 people who testified in a public hearing supported it , tribal leaders said .
" I think it is going to have a very positive impact on this tribe , " Tanner says .
Whatever opinions the wider world might express about the Coquilles ' new law , Kenney said , the act is for the tribe " a solemn , internal matter . "
And for the Brantings , it 's personal .
They are planning a wedding for May in the plankhouse .
Chief Tanner has agreed to officiate .
" We just want to have a celebration with our families , " says Jeni .
" We just want to do what everyone else does . "
-- Bill Graves ; billgraves@news.oregonian.com
alirezan1 Member
Registered : Nov 2004 Location : Vancouver Distribution : Ubunty , CentOS , Mandriva , Gentoo , RedHat , Fedora , Knoppix Posts : 150
Rep :
Finding NFS exports on the server from client
Hi guys ,
I want to know if there is a way for me to find the list of NFS exported files on the server from my client side .
Like , I have a client and I do n't know what is currently exported through NFS on my server and I would like to find it out without going to my server .
Is there any way ?
Thanks
I ’ve just found this fascinating article on how legendary neurologist Gordon Holmes discovered how the visual cortex represents visual space after studying World War One soldiers who had experienced bullet or shrapnel wounds to the brain .
World War
One taught us a great deal about neuropsychology largely due to developments in weapons technology .
The German Mauser was an accurate rifle that used small bore ammunition where previous conflicts had largely used single shot rifles mostly designed so a group of soldiers could create a ‘ wall of lead ’ , rather than a carefully aimed shot .
Developments in shell technology also meant that high explosives could be launched with reasonable accuracy into groups of soldiers causing significant shrapnel injuries .
However , both the rifles and shells were at a stage where the velocity of either a bullet or a piece of shrapnel was relatively slow by today ’s standards , meaning that the brain was not additionally damaged by shock waves , like with modern munitions .
In other words , they could create small discrete areas of brain damage that left the rest of the brain largely unaffected .
The British Brodie helmet , which sat like a tin bowl on the top of the head , left the lower parts of the head , and hence the brain , exposed .
This meant a significant number of injuries were to the visual cortex , at the rear of the brain .
Neurologist Gordon Holmes studied the link between small lesions to this area and which areas of vision had been lost in soldiers coming back from the front .
The diagram on the right is one of his drawings where he demonstrated the link between a very specific shrapnel wound and a crescent - like area of blindness in the visual field .
The full diagram is in the article where he also shows how it affected the right eye .
These studies taught us that the visual cortex is ‘ retinoptically mapped ’ , meaning that each part of the cortex corresponds to a specific area of vision .
It also taught us that some brain areas can be very specifically localised to certain functions , whereas previously we ’d only known of very general connections between function and brain area .
The article , published in opthamology journal Documenta Ophthalmologica , describes Holmes ’ wartime experiences , his discoveries and something of his character .
It also contains this curious episode , related by one of his junior doctors , largely notable for the fact that they hid a blonde beauty queen in a bathroom on the hospital ward to boost morale of the medical house officers .
Holmes had no time for neurotics and hysterics , and less … for psychoanalysis … [ Once ]
In the ward there was a blonde bombshell of twenty - one with mild tension headaches .
She was as pretty as a picture , plump as a partridge , who the previous year had been the Daily Mirror Bathing Beauty Queen .
The first time I took Holmes around , he stopped at the foot of the bed and said ‘ Who is this woman ? ’
I explained , whereupon he jerked his thumb towards the door and said ‘ Get rid of her ’ .
Of course , I did nothing of the sort , for she was useful in keeping up the morale of us house officers .
A week later he came around and said ‘ I thought I told you to get that woman out of here ? ’
Yet another week passed .
On this occasion I got the Sister of the ward to hide the patient in the bathroom during the ward round .
Standing at the foot of the empty bed , Holmes paused , then said to me ‘ Look here , my boy , either she leaves the hospital or you do – and I do n’t care which .
Link to ‘ Gordon Holmes , the cortical retina , and the wounds of war ’ .
Link to DOI for same .
Early on in the movie Almost Famous , Cameron Crowe constructs one of my favorite getting - to - know - you and let ’s - fall - in - love scenes .
The lead , William Miller , and the love interest , Penny Lane , stare at each other while lying to each other about their ages :
Penny : “ How old are you ? ”
William : “ 18 . ”
Penny : “ Me , too .
How old are we really ? ”
William : “ 17 . ”
Penny : “ Me , too . ”
William : “ Actually , I ’m 16 . ”
Penny : “ Me , too .
Is n’t it funny ?
The truth just sounds different . ”
What does a lie sound like ?
How do we decide to trust ?
There ’s a reason why you can figure out in an instant whether a mail is spam or not .
It ’s not a single , measurable thing , but a whole set of small , invisible variables with which you can instantly make a judgment — I do not trust this mail .
You have a complex set of analytical mental muscles that help you make critical snap emotional judgments .
Whether it ’s a mail , a website , or a person , your brain can instantly look at 12 imperceptible aspects of a thing to determine how you should feel .
Truth , love , or lies , human has a signature cadence .
I love Flickr
Really , I love it .
My favorite part of designing a presentation is the three hours I get lost slice and dicing the deck and cruising Flickr looking for the perfect image .
I always find a photo that changes the way I see my deck .
Flickr pulled my SLR out of my closet and onto my desk .
Flickr gives me regular visual insights into friends that I ’d never find in Twitter , instant messaging , or even over lunch .
I feel as I ’ve only begun to scratch the surface of what Flickr can offer and you know what ?
Until recently , I thought Flickr loved me back .
Up until a few months ago , this was the Flickr logo :
As far as I could tell , just about every single Flickr page contained this highlighted message , and what I saw in this simple message was that I was n’t on a web site ; I was n’t using software .
I was somewhere else .
Flickr is not a web site .
Flickr is a tremendously large group of people constantly throwing their photos at each other and when Flickr said it loved you , it was reminding you that you were n’t at a website , you were part of a community .
You ’re Not a Clock
Some time shortly after Web 1.0 was over , an engineer was programming and making a choice regarding wording .
He needed to tell the user how long it had been since something had happened — elapsed time .
There are well - formatted , structured ways to display this information , but most assume you ’re a clock :
3 days , 2 hours , 12 minutes , 3 seconds .
There are a bunch of problems with this format .
First , you waste a lot of space saying very little , but the larger issue is that it does n’t effectively describe the passage of time .
You do n’t measure time — you feel it .
This engineer understood that you ’re a human being .
He decided that communicating elapsed time should sound like telling you the time over coffee , “ When did Michael update his status ? ”
It ’s small .
You probably did n’t even see it .
It ’s not precise , but tells you exactly what you need to know .
Moreover , it sounds like someone rather than something is saying it .
It sounds authentic .
Stop for a second and reread any paragraph in this article , but this time , I want you to listen to the voice you ’ve constructed in your head .
It sounds like you .
This is why , when we meet , you ’re going to be confused because I do n’t sound like you .
You do .
You trust this voice and the more a website or an application is designed to imitate that voice , the sooner a user will engage because they ’ll make an emotional connection faster .
It ’s a Little Thing
Do this .
Take a moment to look on one of your favorite websites or weblogs and look for where they choose to sound like a friend you bumped into at the coffee shop .
Once you start looking for it , it stands out .
My favorite place to look is at the bottom of the page around the copyright :
It ’s a little thing .
In the huge pile of work building a website , the words chosen to deliver small messages might seem important , but these small words define a personality and both personality and reputation are built on decisions that feel too small to matter .
Here are three ways JetBlue starts the conversation at their kiosks :
Here ’s how Twitter used to tell you they saved your information :
And this is how Khoi reminds you to have a conversation , not a flame war :
This conversational tone has a purpose .
By sounding like a human , these small wording decisions push the technology out of the way to reveal what we really care about : the people .
Yeah , they ’re faking us out .
Yeah , it ’s a script that is randomly saying “ Hi ” in every language possible , but look at the design intent .
You are being benignly deceived into believe that you are n’t interacting with a computer , you ’re staring through a window at other people .
And that ’s where your head should be .
Not worrying about how it might work , but who you might find on the other side .
I Think Flickr Still Loves Me
I see a lot of guilt inside the term “ Web 2.0 ” .
It ’s an overused catchall term used to describe a bevy of new technologies and trends , but what I hear is guilt .
When someone uses the term , I hear , “ Yeah , so we ’re not going to fuck - up and flame - out like those Web 1.0 dweebs .
We ’re Web 2.0 . ”
My negative reaction is unfortunate because inside of this guilty morass are some brilliant developments .
I enjoy watching the ever - blurring line between a web page and an application .
I like seeing the web becoming a cloudy platform .
Mostly , I like the authentic tone that came with Web 2.0 .
Who knows who removed the authenticity from the Flickr logo .
It ’s sad , but it served its purpose .
Flickr ’s old logo was a quiet efficient invitation to join a community and sound like yourself .
Vice President - elect Joe Biden 's departure from the Senate leaves the top spot open on the Senate Foreign Relations Committee .
And the job just might be filled by Wisconsin Sen .
Russ Feingold , one of the most fervent critics of the Iraq war .
Feingold is now fourth in line on the committee , behind Biden , Sen. Chris Dodd of Connecticut and Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts .
But Dodd wants to stay on as chairman of the Senate Banking Committee and Kerry is being talked about as a potential secretary of state .
Feingold would be next .
The Wisconsin Democrat opposed the Iraq war before it began , has repeatedly called for a plan for withdrawal of the troops there and recently publicly questioned the need for more troops in Afghanistan .
Taliban insurgents in Afghanistan today shot dead a British aid worker who they said had been spreading Christianity .
Gayle Williams , 34 , was killed by two men on a motorbike as she walked to work in the capital , Kabul , at about 8 am ( 0430 BST ) .
Mike Lyth , the chairman of Serve Afghanistan , the organisation
Williams worked for , said : " She was almost at the office when a couple of guys jumped off a motorcycle with some kind of weapon and shot her .
She was dead almost immediately .
An undated photograph of the British aid worker Gayle Williams , who was shot dead in Kabul .
Photograph : Serve Afghanistan / PA
" One of our staff came on the scene fairly soon afterwards and found her dead .
Now they are trying to live with the consequences of that .
" We are in deep shock about it all because we knew her very well . "
Zemeri Bashary , the Afghan interior ministry spokesman , said Williams had been shot in the body and leg with a pistol .
The international development secretary , Douglas Alexander , condemned the Taliban 's attempt to justify the killing as a religious act .
" It was cold - blooded murder , " he said .
Williams , who had dual British and South African citizenship , had worked for Serve Afghanistan for two years and was considered an experienced member of staff who did not take undue risks .
The British - based Christian aid charity focuses on community development , education and vocational training for people with disabilities .
The group 's 15 expatriate staff are all volunteers .
Williams had recently moved back to Kabul from Kandahar because of concerns about the security of the charity 's office there .
The Taliban said it was responsible for her killing , which it had carried out because she had been promoting Christianity .
But Lyth , the Carlisle - based chairman of Serve Afghanistan , denied that Williams had been involved in missionary work .
She spoke the local languages Pashtu and Dari but was fluent in neither , he said .
" They [ the Taliban ] will make any excuse .
They probably saw there was a Christian organisation operating in Kabul and thought , ' This is how we can kill it ' .
" We are Christians .
That is what gives us the motivation to go into a dangerous and difficult country to try to help .
But she was not involved in proselytisation . "
Describing Williams as a " lovely girl " , Lyth added : " She was the life and soul of the party , a great adventurer .
She will be sorely missed - a great girl .
" It is a tragedy that she was killed in Kabul , which is supposed to be relatively safe . "
Williams was brought up in South Africa and spent some years in Britain , where her mother lives .
She has a sister in South Africa .
Lyth said the charity would now have to take a " long , hard look " at its operations .
" I personally have been very concerned about security for a long time , but we have tried to take all possible measures to reduce the threat .
" We train our people really carefully .
We are in daily touch with the security authorities to find out which roads we should n't be on , which parts of the country we should n't go to .
" Each time something like this happens , you wonder : do you go on exposing people to unnecessary risk ?
Yet at the same time , you have got the cry of many , many of the Afghans saying , ' Please help us ' .
You 're caught between a rock and a hard place . "
Taliban insurgents have increasingly targeted aid workers this year in their campaign to undermine support for the western - backed Afghan government .
Taliban insurgents killed three female aid workers and their Afghan driver in an ambush just outside Kabul in August , in the bloodiest single attack on foreign humanitarian workers in Afghanistan in recent years .
The violence has already forced some aid agencies to restrict their activities in Afghanistan .
Swoopo is no longer in service .
DealDash , the longest running fair & honest auction site provides a similar service
WASHINGTON 
The health insurance industry said Wednesday that it would support a health care overhaul requiring insurers to accept all customers , regardless of illness or disability .
But in return , the industry said , Congress should require all Americans to have coverage .
The proposals , put forward by the insurers ’ two main trade associations , have the potential to reshape and advance the debate over universal health insurance just as President - elect Barack Obama prepares to take office .
In separate actions , the two trade groups , America ’s Health Insurance Plans and the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association , announced their support for guaranteed coverage for people with pre-existing medical conditions , in conjunction with an enforceable mandate for individual coverage .
In the absence of such a mandate , insurers said , many people will wait until they become sick before they buy insurance .
The virtually total impunity from prosecution accorded to private contractors in Iraq may be coming to an end .
Under the new Status of Forces Agreement ( SOFA ) approved by the Iraqi government last week , US contractors will be subject to Iraqi law for the first time .
Moreover , some observers believe that Iraq may be able to hold them legally accountable for offenses allegedly committed even before the SOFA was approved .
And , at the other end of the US - Iraq equation , after months of seeming inactivity  marked by continuing doubts about whether the US even has legal jurisdiction over the contractors  the US Department of Justice ( DOJ ) may soon bring charges against three to six contractor - employed security guards for their involvement in the shooting of 17 Iraqi civilians in Baghdad in September 2007 .
The guards are employees of Blackwater Worldwide , the largest and most high - profile player in the massive army of private contractors employed by the US in Iraq
The US media is reporting that charges against the Blackwater employees may be based on a 1980s - era anti-drug law , even though drugs were not involved in the Blackwater shooting .
The Anti-Drug Abuse
Act of 1988 , passed to help stem the nation ’s crack epidemic , calls for 30 - year prison terms for using machine guns to commit violent crimes of any kind , even where drugs are not involved .
Prosecutors are reportedly reviewing draft indictments for manslaughter and assault .
The Blackwater guards  decorated military veterans hired to protect US diplomats overseas  were responding to a car bombing when a shooting erupted at a crowded Baghdad intersection .
The guards allegedly opened fire with government - issued machine guns and turret guns mounted on their armored trucks .
Blackwater claims its convoy was ambushed by insurgents .
Eyewitnesses say the guards were unprovoked .
But prosecuting the guards will be an uphill battle because it remains unclear whether contractors can be charged in the US , or anywhere , for crimes committed overseas .
They would need to be charged under a law covering soldiers and military contractors , but Blackwater works for the State Department , not the military .
Thus it remains unclear whether that law applies to its guards .
Making the case even more complicated is the promise of immunity the State Department reportedly extended to several Blackwater guards in exchange for their sworn statements shortly after the shooting .
Prosecutors cannot use these statements to support their case .
Blackwater and other security contractors might well also face prosecution by Iraqi authorities for acts committed during an earlier time when they supposedly had immunity from Iraqi law .
In June of 2004 , the Coalition Provisional Authority that ran Iraq after the US invasion in 2003 granted contractors immunity from prosecution .
But the new US - Iraq SOFA does not explicitly prevent Iraqi officials from bringing criminal charges retroactively .
The Blackwater shooting of Iraqi civilians has sparked interest among Democrats in Congress to enact tougher rules for overseas security contractors .
The most comprehensive legislation was introduced last year by Barack Obama , then an Illinois Democratic Senator and now president - elect .
The Obama measure would have extended the jurisdiction of US law to cover contractors in Iraq , placed the FBI in charge of investigating their crimes , and required the Defense Department to reveal the size and makeup of its security contractor force and define the boundaries of its activities .
Republicans in Congress , along with the White House , have consistently opposed such legislation .
The Congressional Budget Office estimates that more than 10 billion dollars has been spent on security contractors thus far in 2008 and estimated that about 25,000 - 30,000 employees of security firms were in Iraq as of early this year .
It estimates that , if spending for contractors continues at about the current rate , 100 billion dollars will have been paid to military contractors for operations in Iraq .
It revealed that about 20 percent of funding for operations in Iraq has gone to contractors .
Currently , it said , there are at least 190,000 contractors in Iraq and neighboring countries .
One such contractor , a Kuwaiti company acting as a subcontractor to the US firm KBR , was accused this week of holding approximately 1,000 men from Bangladesh , India , Nepal and Sri Lanka for one to three months without pay in crowded warehouses near the Baghdad airport waiting to begin the jobs they were brought to Iraq to perform .
The jobs evidently never materialized .
Najlaa International Catering Services , the Kuwaiti company that hired them to work in Iraq , agreed to pay the men and repatriate them following their raucous protest last week outside the warehouses .
KBR is a former subsidiary of the Halliburton Corporation , the largest and arguably the most notorious of the US private contractors in Iraq .
It is widely accused of multiple instances of waste , fraud and abuse in implementing the wide range of services it carries out for the US military in Iraq .
In a related development , 16 Indiana National Guard soldiers are suing KBR for knowingly exposing them to a toxic chemical in Iraq in 2003 .
The soldiers , who were providing security for KBR during repairs of a water treatment plant in southern Iraq after the US invasion , claim the site was contaminated by hexavalent chromium , " one of the most potent carcinogens " .
It alleges that KBR knew the plant was contaminated but concealed the danger .
US - based contractors working in Iraq have been the subjects of numerous lawsuits brought in US courts .
In one such suit , filed last May in Los Angeles federal court , Emad al - Janabi , a 43 - year - old Iraqi blacksmith , alleged he was wrongly imprisoned , beaten and forced from his home by people in US military uniforms and civilian clothing in September 2003 .
He was released from Abu Ghraib without charge in July 2004 .
The defendants are contractors CACI International Inc. and CACI Premier Technology , Inc. , of Arlington , Va. ; L - 3 Communications Titan Corporation , of San Diego , Calif . ; and former CACI contractor Steven Stefanowicz , a Los Angeles resident known at Abu Ghraib as " Big Steve " .
The suit charges that the contractors subjected al - Janabi to physical and mental torture in sessions where the defendants acted as interrogators and translators .
It alleges the contractors transported him to a detainee site in a wooden box and covered with a hood ; scarred his face when his eyes were clawed by an interrogator ; exposed him to a mock execution of his brother and nephew ; hung him upside down with his feet chained to the steel slats of a bunk bed until he lost consciousness ; and repeatedly deprived him of food and sleep and threatened him with dogs .
In October 2003 , during a surprise inspection of Abu Ghraib , the International Committee of the Red Cross reportedly discovered al - Janabi naked , chained and bruised in a cell in the " hard site " of the prison .
The lawsuit says he was a so - called " ghost detainee " who was intentionally hidden from the Red Cross on subsequent inspections and held without appearing on the prisoner lists .
The suit noted that CACI provided interrogators used at Abu Ghraib and that L - 3 employed all translators used there .
Stefanowicz was linked to Abu Ghraib abuses in military court martial proceedings and was said to have directed low - level US military personnel in detainee interrogations .
James Petras
Information Clearing House
December 9 , 2008
“ I have a vision of Americans in their 80 ’s being wheeled to their offices and factories having lost their legs in imperial wars and their pensions to Wall Street speculators and with bitter memories of voting for a President who promised change , prosperity and peace and then appointed financial swindlers and war mongers . ”
An itinerant Minister 2008
The entire political spectrum ranging from the ‘ libertarian ’ left , through the progressive editors of the Nation to the entire far right neo -con / Zionist war party and free market Berkeley / Chicago / Harvard academics , with a single voice , hailed the election of Barack Obama as a ‘ historic moment ’ , a ‘ turning point in American history and other such histrionics .
For reasons completely foreign to the emotional ejaculations of his boosters , it is a historic moment : witness the abysmal gap between his ‘ populist ’ campaign demagoguery and his long - standing and deepening carnal relations with the most retrograde political figures , power brokers and billionaire real estate and financial backers .
What was evident from even a cursory analysis of his key campaign advisers and public commitments to Wall Street speculators , civilian militarists , zealous Zionists and corporate lawyers was hidden from the electorate , by Obama ’s people friendly imagery and smooth , eloquent deliverance of a message of ‘ hope ’ .
He effectively gained the confidence , dollars and votes of tens of millions of voters by promising ‘ change ’ ( implying higher taxes for the rich , ending the Iraq war and national health care reform ) when in fact his campaign advisers ( and subsequent strategic appointments ) pointed to a continuation of the economic and military policies of the Bush Administration .
Within 3 weeks of his election he appointed all the political dregs who brought on the unending wars of the past two decades , the economic policy makers responsible for the financial crash and the deepening recession castigating tens of millions of Americans today and for the foreseeable future .
We can affirm that the election of Obama does indeed mark a historic moment in American history :
The victory of the greatest con man and his accomplices and backers in recent history .
He spoke to the workers and worked for their financial overlords .
He flashed his color to minorities while obliterating any mention of their socio-economic grievances .
He promised peace in the Middle East to the majority of young Americans and slavishly swears undying allegiance to the War Party of American Zionists serving a foreign colonial power ( Israel ) .
Obama , on a bigger stage , is the perfect incarnation of Melville ’s Confidence Man .
He catches your eye while he picks your pocket .
He gives thanks as he packs you off to fight wars in the Middle East on behalf of a foreign country .
He solemnly mouths vacuous pieties while he empties your Social Security funds to bail out the arch financiers who swindled your pension investments .
He appoints and praises the architects of collapsed pyramid schemes to high office while promising you that better days are ahead .
Yes , indeed , “ our greatest intellectual critics ” , our ‘ libertarian ’ leftists and academic anarchists , used their 5 - figure speaking engagements as platforms to promote the con man ’s candidacy :
They described the con man ’s political pitch as “ meeting the deeply felt needs of our people ” .
They praised the con man when he spoke of ‘ change ’ and ‘ turning the country around ’ 180 degrees .
Indeed , Obama went one step further : he turned 360 degrees , bringing us back to the policies and policy makers who were the architects of our current political - economic disaster .
The Con Man ’s Self - Opiated Progressive Camp Followers
The contrast between Obama ’s campaign rhetoric and his political activities was clear , public and evident to any but the mesmerized masses and the self - opiated ‘ progressives ’ who concocted arguments in his favor .
Indeed even after Obama ’s election and after he appointed every Clintonite - Wall Street shill into all the top economic policy positions , and Clinton ’s and Bush ’s architects of prolonged imperial wars ( Secretary of State Hillary Clinton and Secretary of Defense Robert Gates ) , the ‘ progressive true believers ’ found reasons to dog along with the charade .
Many progressives argued that Obama ’s appointments of war mongers and swindlers was a ‘ ploy ’ to gain time now in order to move ‘ left ’ later .
Never ones to publicly admit their ‘ historic ’ errors , the same progressives turned to writing ‘ open letters to the President ’ pleading the ‘ cause of the people ’ .
Their epistles , of course , may succeed in passing through the shredder in the Office of the White House Chief of Staff , Rahm Emanuel .
The conjurer who spoke of ‘ change ’ now speaks of ‘ experience ’ in appointing to every key and minor position the same political hacks who rotate seamlessly between Wall Street and Washington , the Fed and Academia .
Instead of ‘ change ’ there is the utmost continuity of policy makers , policies and above all ever deepening ties between militarists , Wall Street and the Obama appointments .
True believer - progressives , facing their total debacle , grab for any straw .
Forced to admit that all of Obama ’s appointments represent the dregs of the bloody and corrupt past , they hope and pray that ‘ current dire circumstances ’ may force these unrepentant warmongers and life long supporters of finance capital to become supporters and advocates of a revived Keynesian welfare state .
On the contrary , Obama and each and everyone of his foreign policy appointments to the Pentagon , State and Justice Departments , Intelligence and Security agencies are calling for vast increases in military spending , troop commitments and domestic militarization to recover the lost fortunes of a declining empire .
Obama and his appointees plan to vigorously pursue Clinton - Bush ’s global war against national resistance movements in the Middle East .
His most intimate and trusted ‘ Israel - First ’ advisers have targeted Iran , Syria , Afghanistan , Pakistan , Somalia , Sudan , Palestine and Iraq .
Obama ’s Economic Con Game
Then there is the contrast between the trillions Obama will shower on the financial swindlers ( and any other ‘ too big to fail ’ private capitalist enterprise ) and his zero compensation for the 100 million heads of families swindled of $ 5 trillion dollars in savings and pensions by his cohort appointees and bailout beneficiaries .
Not a cent is allocated for the long term unemployed .
Not a single household threatened with eviction will be bailed out .
Obama is the trademark name of a network of confidence people .
They are a well - organized gang of prominent political operative , money raisers , mass media hustlers , real estate moguls and academic pimps .
They are joined and abetted by the elected officials and hacks of the Democratic Party .
Like the virtuoso performer , Obama projected the image and followed the script .
But the funding and the entire ‘ populist ’ show was constructed by the hard - nosed , hard - line free marketeers , Jewish and Gentile ‘ Israel Firsters ’ , Washington war mongers and a host of multi-millionaire ‘ trade union ’ bureaucrats .
The electoral scam served several purposes above and beyond merely propelling a dozen strategic con artists into high office and the White House .
First and foremost , the Obama con-gang deflected the rage and anger of tens of millions of economically skewered and war drained Americans from turning their hostility against a discredited presidency , congress and the grotesque one - party two factions political system and into direct action or at least toward a new political movement .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Secondly the Obama image provided a temporary cover for the return and continuity of all that was so detested by the American people – the arrogant untouchable swindlers , growing unemployment and economic uncertainty , the loss of life savings and homes and the endless , ever - expanding imperial wars .
Featuring Paul Volker , ‘ Larry ’ Summers , Robert Gates , the Clintons , Geithner , Holder and General ( ‘ You drink your kool - aid while I sit on Boeings ’ Board of Directors ’ )
Jim Jones USMC , Obama treats us to a re-run of military surges and war crimes , Wall Street banditry , Abu Ghraib , AIPAC hustlers and all the sundry old crap .
Our Harvard - minted Gunga Din purports to speak for all the colonial subjects but acts in the interest of the empire , its financial vampires , its war criminals and its Middle East leaches from the Land of the Chosen .
The Two Faces of Obama
Like the Janus face found on the coins of the early Roman Republic , Obama and his intimate cronies cynically joked about ‘ which is the real face of Barack ’ , conscious of the con-job they were perpetrating during the campaign .
In reality , there is only one face – a very committed , very consequential and very up front Obama , who demonstrated in every single one of his appointments the face of an empire builder .
Obama is an open militarist , intent by every means possible to re-construct a tattered US empire .
The President - Elect is an unabashed Wall Street Firster – one who has placed the recuperation of the biggest banks and investment houses as his highest priority .
Obama ’s nominees for all the top economic positions ( Treasury , Chief White House economic advisers ) are eminently qualified , ( with long - term service to the financial oligarchy ) , to pursue Obama ’s pro-Wall Street agenda .
There is not a single member of his economic team , down to the lowest level of appointees , who represents or has defended the interests of the wage or salaried classes ( or for that matter the large and small manufacturers from the devastated ‘ productive ’ industrial economy ) .
The Obama propagandists claim his appointments reflect his preference for ‘ experience ’ – which is true : his team members have plenty of ‘ experience ’ through their long and lucrative careers maximizing profits , buyouts and speculation favoring the financial sector .
Obama does not want to have any young , untested appointees who have no long established records of serving Big Finance , whose interests are too central to Obama ’s deepest and most strongly held core beliefs .
He wanted reliable economic functionaries who recognize that re-financing billionaire financiers is the central task of his regime .
The appointments of the Summers , Rubins , Geithners and Volkers fit perfectly with his ideology :
They are the best choices to pursue his economic goals .
Critics of these nominations write of the ‘ failures ’ of these economists and their role in ‘ bringing about the collapse of the financial system ’ .
These critics fail to recognize that it is not their ‘ failures ’ , which are the relevant criteria , but their unwavering commitment to the interests of Wall Street and their willingness to demand trillions of dollars more from US taxpayers to bolster their colleagues on Wall Street .
Under Clinton and Bush , in the run up to the financial collapse , they facilitated ( ‘ deregulated ’ ) the practice of swindling one hundred million Americans of trillions in private savings and pension funds .
In the current crisis period with Obama they are just the right people to swindle the US Treasury of trillions of dollars in bailout funds to refinance their fellow oligarchs .
The White President ( Bush ) leaves steaming financial turds all over the White House rugs and Wall Street summons the ‘ historic ’ Negro President Obama to organize the cleanup crew to scoop them out of public view .
Obama , the Militarist , Outdoes His Predecessor
What makes Obama a much more audacious militarist and Wall Streeter than Bush is that he intends to pursue military policies , which have already greatly harmed the US people with appointed officials who have already been discredited in the context of failed imperial wars and with a domestic economy in collapse .
While Bush launched his wars after the US public had their accustomed peace shattered by an orchestrated fear - mongering after 9/11 , Obama intends to launch his escalation of military spending in the context of a generalized public disenchantment with the ongoing wars , with monumental fiscal deficits , bloated military budgets and after 100,000 US soldiers have been killed , wounded or psychologically destroyed .
Obama ’s appointments of Clinton , General Jim Jones , dual Israeli citizen Rahm Emanuel and super - Zionist Dennis Ross , among others , fit perfectly with his imperial - militarist agenda of escalating military aggression .
His short list of intelligence candidates , likewise , fits perfectly with his all - out effort to “ regain US world leadership ” ( reconstruct US imperial networks ) .
All the media blather about Obama ’s efforts at ‘ bipartisanship ’ , ‘ experience ’ and ‘ competence ’ obscures the most fundamental questions :
The specific nominees chosen from both parties are totally committed to military - driven empire - building .
All are in favor of “ a new effort to renew America ’s standing in the world ” ( read ‘ America ’s imperial dominance in the world ’ ) , as Obama ’s Secretary of State - to - be , Hillary Clinton , declared .
General James Jones , Obama ’s choice for National Security Advisor , presided over US military operations during the entire Abu Ghraib / Guantanemo period .
He was a fervent supporter of the ‘ troop surge ’ in Iraq and is a powerful advocate for a huge increase in military spending , the expansion of the military by over 100,000 troops and the expanded militarization of American domestic society ( not to mention his personal financial ties to the military industrial complex ) .
Robert Gates , continuing as Obama ’s Secretary of Defense , is a staunch supporter of unilateral , unlimited and universal imperial warfare .
As the number of US - allied countries with troops in Iraq declines from 35 to only 5 by January 1 , 2009 and even the Iraqi puppet regime calls for a withdrawal of all US troops by 2012 , Gates , the intransigent , insists on a permanent military presence .
The issue of ‘ experience ’ revolves around two questions : ( a ) experience related to what past political practices ?
( b ) experience relevant to pursue what future policies ?
All the nominees ’ past experiences are related to imperial wars , colonial conquests and the construction of client states .
Hiliary Clinton ’s ‘ experience ’ was through her support for the bombing of Yugoslavia and the Nato invasion of Kosova , her promotion of the Kosovo Liberation Army ( KLA ) , an internationally recognized terrorist - criminal organization as well as the unrelenting bombings of Iraq in the 1990s , Bush ’s criminal invasion of Iraq in 2003 , Israel ’s murderous bombing of civilian centers in Lebanon … and now full - throated calls for the ‘ total obliteration of Iran ’ .
Clinton , Gates and Jones have never in their mature political careers proposed the peaceful settlement of disputes with any adversary of the US or Israel .
In other words , their vaunted ‘ experience ’ is based solely on their one - dimensional militarist approach to foreign relations .
‘ Competence ’ , as an attribute again depends on the issue of ‘ competence to do what ’?
In general terms , ‘ The Three ’ ( Clinton , Gates and Jones ) , have demonstrated the greatest incompetence in extricating the US from prolonged , costly and lost colonial wars .
They lack the minimum capacity to recognize that military - driven empire - building in the context of independent states is no longer feasible , that its costs can ruin an imperial economy and that prolonged wars erode their legitimacy in the eyes of their citizens .
Even within the framework of imperial geo-political strategic thinking , their positions exhibit the most dense incompetence :
They blindly back a small , highly militarized and ideologically fanatical colonial state ( Israel ) against 1.5 billion Muslims living in oil and mineral resource - rich nations with lucrative markets and investment potential and situated in the strategic center of the world .
They promote total wars against whole populations , as is occurring in Afghanistan , Iraq and Somalia and , which , by all historical experience , cannot be won .
They are truly ‘ Masters of Defeat ’ .
The point of the matter is that Obama appointed the ‘ Big Three ’ for their experience , competence and bipartisan support in the pursuit of imperial wars .
He overlooked their glaring failures , their gross violations of the basic norms of civilization ( of the human rights of tens of millions civilians in sovereign nations ) because of their willingness to pursue the illusions of a US - dominated new world order .
Conclusion
Nothing speaks to Obama ’s deep and abiding commitment to become the savior of the US empire as clearly as his willingness to appoint to the highest position of policy making the most mediocre failed politicians and generals merely because of their demonstrated willingness to pursue the course of military - driven empire building even in the midst of a collapsing domestic economy and ever more impoverished and drained citizenry .
Just as Obama ’s electoral campaign and subsequent victory will go into the annals as the political con-job of the new millennium , his economic and political appointments will mark another ‘ historic ’ moment :
The nomination of corrupt and failed speculators and warmongers .
Let us join the inaugural celebration of our ‘ First Afro - American ’ Imperial President , who wins by con and rules by guns !
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
The Blackwell RICO Suit against ACORN
Why is this man smiling ?
John McCain in March of 2006 sitting beside
Florida Rep. Kendrick
Meek at an event ACORN co-sponsored in Florida .
( Image , ACORN ) By Rady Ananda
The Buckeye Institute , a neoliberal think tank featuring Ohio ’s notorious vote suppressor , J. Kenneth Blackwell , today filed a state RICO action against the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now ( ACORN ) on behalf of two Warren County , Ohio voters .
Reviving an unsuccessful tactic employed against the organization in 2004 , the allegations recycle discredited claims from 2004 , and attempt to link unsubstantiated stories to ACORN , raising sensational news stories and patently false and unatributed “ congressional testimony .
” Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations ( RICO ) laws were passed to combat organized crime .
They allow for civil and criminal prosecution .
” This filing appears to be nothing more than a cut - and - paste recycling of the 2004 filing , which was dismissed for lack of any evidence , ” responded ACORN in a statement to OEN .
“ This is an election season stunt , pure and simple , ” said Mary Keith , Ohio ACORN board member .
“ We ’ve seen the Republican playbook used on us before .
They cry foul right up through Election Day , then all the accusations melt away . ”
ACORN spokesperson Catherine Gall told OEN they were unaware of the suit until contacted by the media .
“ We ’ll file a counterclaim and demand they provide us with emails , letters or other documents indicating any and all contact with John McCain ’s campaign or any other Republican Party operatives . ”
ACORN will also demand they answer those questions under oath , and looks forward to “ a discovery process that will specifically examine the nature of the Buckeye Institute ’s and Commissar Blackwell ’s relationships to Republican apparatchiks in the context of the Buckeye Institute ’s 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) non-profit status . ”
Nonprofit organizations enjoy tax exemption if they remain nonpartisan .
If the Buckeye Institute gets its marching orders from the McCain campaign , in violation of nonpartisan laws for a 501 - ( c ) ( 3 ) , it may also know and can explain why John McCain formerly supported ACORN ’s efforts , before he was against them .
ACORN recently sent Politico this photo of John McCain in March of 2006 sitting beside Florida Rep. Kendrick Meek at an event ACORN co-sponsored in Florida :
“ The immigration event , which other photos show was packed with red-shirted Acorn members , was co-sponsored by the local Catholic Archdiocese , the SEIU , and other groups .
McCain , still spiting much of his party on immigration at the time , was the headliner .
“ Bertha Lewis , Acorn ’s chief organizer , said in a statement that came with the photo , ‘ It has deeply saddened us to see Senator McCain abandon his historic support for ACORN and our efforts to support the goals of low - income Americans .
We are sure that the extremists he is trying to get into a froth will be even more excited to learn that John McCain stood shoulder to shoulder with ACORN , at an ACORN co-sponsored event , to promote immigration reform , ’ she said . ”
ACORN , along with Project Vote , recently completed a wildly successful voter registration campaign in twenty - one states , logging 1.3 million new voters .
Project Vote reports ,
“ The goal of the nonpartisan voter registration drive - estimated to cost $ 18 million - was to help close the existing gaps in the American electorate , particularly among low - income Americans , minorities , and youth , all of whom have historically been underrepresented at the polls . ”
That ’s exactly who Blackwell and the Republicans target in their vote suppression tactics , as these groups tend to vote Democrat .
Blackwell whined about the recent Ohio Supreme Court decision allowing same day registration and absentee voting , complaining that :
“ So now the Obama campaign is using buses to take thousands of people to go register and cast same - day votes .
Some media reports say that the Obama camp hopes to get tens of thousands of votes this way . ”
He later calls ACORN “ extremist , ” even though his organization , Buckeye Institute , still pushes for deregulation and privatization , despite that global finance is collapsing under these features of the neoliberal economic plan .
ACORN ’s Voter Registration Efforts in 2004 tied to GOP Attorney Firings
In 2004 , ACORN organized a massive grassroots effort to register voters in New Mexico .
The GOP then called for an investigation into voter fraud .
US Attorney David Iglesias launched an investigation , but after two years , could not find any prosecutable cases .
He was fired .
US Attorney David Iglesias
In a report issued last month covering an internal Dept. of Justice investigation into the wrongful firing of nine US Attorneys , the Office of Inspector General and Office of Professional Responsibility found :
” The most serious allegations that arose were that the U.S. Attorneys were removed based on improper political factors , including to affect the way they handled certain voter fraud or public corruption investigations and prosecutions ..
( Emphasis added ) ” The most troubling example was David Iglesias , the U.S. Attorney in New Mexico .
We concluded that complaints from New Mexico Republican politicians and party activists about Iglesias ’s handling of voter fraud and public corruption cases caused his removal , and that the Department removed Iglesias without any inquiry into his handling of the cases . ”
The Online Journal reports that Iglesias “ fully expected to uncover instances of voter fraud based on numerous stories that appeared in New Mexico media that said minors received voter registration forms and that ‘ a large number ’ of voter registration forms turned up during the course of a drug raid .
David Iglesias , fired U.S. Attorney
for failing to push “ voter ” fraud .
Wikipedia
“ ‘ Due to the high volume of suspected criminal activity , I believed there to be a strong likelihood of uncovering prosecutable cases , ’ Iglesias said .
‘ I also reviewed the hard copy file from the last voter fraud case my office had prosecuted which dated back to 1992 .
My intention was to file prosecutions in order to send a message that voter fraud or election fraud would not be tolerated in the District of New Mexico .
After examining the evidence , and in conjunction with the Justice Department Election Crimes Unit and the FBI , I could not find any cases I could prosecute beyond a reasonable doubt , ’ Iglesias said in an interview .
‘ Accordingly , I did not authorize any voter fraud related prosecutions . ' ”
Blackwell ’s Infamous Vote Suppression Tactics
While Secretary of State of Ohio in 2004 , Blackwell required all new voter registrations be filed on 80 - pound cardstock .
The Rolling Stones advises that , “ Blackwell ’s directive clearly violated the Voting Rights Act , which stipulates that no one may be denied the right to vote because of a registration error that ‘ is not material in determining whether such individual is qualified under state law to vote . ’
In an attempt to circumvent the use of provisional votes in 2004 , “ Blackwell illegally decreed that poll workers should make on - the - spot judgments as to whether or not a voter lived in the precinct , and provide provisional ballots only to those deemed eligible , ” the Rolling Stones reports .
“ When the ruling was challenged in federal court , Judge James Carr could barely contain his anger .
The very purpose of the Help America Vote Act , he ruled , was to make provisional ballots available to voters told by precinct workers that they were ineligible : ‘ By not even mentioning this group — the primary beneficiaries of HAVA ’s provisional - voting provisions —
Blackwell apparently seeks to accomplish the same result in Ohio in 2004 that occurred in Florida in 2000 . ' ”
The list goes on , from depriving heavily Democratic precincts of enough machines to Warren County ’s fraudulent claim that a Homeland Security Level 10 Alert had been issued , so that it could remove the ballot count from public scrutiny .
No one in Warren has ever been charged for that crime under Blackwell , or since .
Regarding Blackwell ’s obsessive attempts to stop new voters from registering , ACORN notes :
“ Such a legal filing by the right wing Buckeye Institute , an organization that features the well - known voter suppression Commissar Ken Blackwell who sought to block Ohio voters from access to the ballot in 2004 , has about as much credibility as if they had announced that it was Al Capone who was behind the lawsuit . ”
*************
Permission is granted to repost , with proper attribution including the original link .
In a time of universal deceit , telling the truth is a revolutionary act .
Tell the truth anyway .
Sign this petition : http://www.electiondefensealliance.org/ny_levers_petition
Content Sourced from scoop.co.nz
There are lots of ways to improve your self - confidence over the long - term – but sometimes you need an instant boost .
You ca n’t walk into an important work meeting , ( or a class at college or a room full of strangers at a party ) whilst frantically re-reading a self - help manual , or making a last - minute phone call to your life - coach .
So here are ten secrets to boosting your self - confidence in just a few seconds …
1. Smile
The one - second tip for when you ’re feeling nervous and unconfident is simply to smile !
You do n’t just smile because you are happy and confident – you can smile to make yourself feel better .
The act of smiling is so strongly associated with positive feelings that it ’s almost impossible to feel bad while smiling .
“ Smiling is much more then just a facial expression .
The simple act of smiling releases feel - good endorphins , improves circulation to the face , makes you feel good about yourself in general and can definitely increase your self confidence .
… you will also appear more confident to others while you ’re smiling . ”
( 5 Easy and Effective Ways to Improve Your Self - Confidence , LovnLivin.com )
2 . Make eye contact
As well as smiling , meet the eyes of other people in the room .
Give them your smile ; you ’ll almost certainly get one back , and being smiled at is a great self - confidence boost .
Like smiling , eye contact shows people that you ’re confident .
Staring at your shoes or at the table reinforces your feelings of self - doubt and shyness .
This tip is particularly useful for work - related situations – make eye contact with interviewers , or with the audience for your presentation :
“ Eye contact helps take the fear away from the speaker by getting the audience closer to him .
Stress is mainly a result of being with the unknown and uncontrollable .
Eye contact gives the speaker a picture of the reality that is the audience .
It also helps in getting the attention of the audience . ”
( Confident Eye Contact , Unlimited Confidence )
3 . Change your inner voice
Most of us have a critical inner voice that tells us we ’re stupid , not good enough , that we ’re too fat , thin , loud , quiet …
Being able to change that inner voice is key to feeling self - confident on the inside , which will help you project your confidence to the world .
Make your inner voice a supportive friend who knows you fully but also recognizes your talents and gifts , and wants you to make the best of yourself .
“ You still want to be able to hear the message , so do n’t make it so chilled and laid back that you never take any notice of it .
You can even choose 2 , 3 or as many voices as you want for different occasions .
Your voice should always support you , always be helpful , never aggressive and it never puts you down . ”
( Shut the Duck Up , Pick the Brain )
4. Forget other people ’s standards
Whatever the situation that ’s causing you a crisis of self - confidence , you can help yourself immeasurably by holding yourself to your own standards alone .
Other people have different values from you , and however hard you try , you ’ll never please everyone all of the time .
Do n’t worry that people will think you ’re too overweight , underweight , too feckless , too boring , too frugal , too frivolous … hold yourself to your standards , not some imagined standards belonging to others .
And remember that commonly - held values and standards vary from society to society : you do n’t have to accept them just because the people around you do .
“ People ’s values define what they want personally , but morals define what the society around those people want for them .
Certain behaviors are considered to be desirable by a given society , while others are considered to be undesirable .
For the most part , however , morals are not written in stone , or proclaimed by God above , but instead reflect local sensibilities .
Different societies have different ideas about what is acceptable and not acceptable . ”
( Values and Morals Clarification , MentalHealth.net )
5. Look Your Best
Even if you ’ve only got a minute or two , duck into the bathroom to make sure you ’re looking your best .
Brushing your hair , giving your face a good wash , retouching your makeup , straightening your collar , checking you ’ve not got a bit of parsley stuck between your teeth … all of these can make the difference between feeling confident in your physical appearance and feeling anxious about an imagined flaw .
“ Perfect your physical appearance :
There ’s no denying that one ’s grooming plays a crucial role in building confidence .
Although we know what ’s on the inside is what truly counts , your physical appearance will be the first to create an impression . ”
( Building Blocks to Self - Confidence , Complete Wellbeing )
6 . Pray or meditate briefly
If you believe in a higher power , whether God , or another spiritual force , it can be a real boost to self - confidence to say a silent prayer .
( You could also meditate instead of praying . )
This helps you to take a step back from your immediate situation , to see the wider picture and to seek help from something or someone greater than yourself .
This is a Christian prayer , but you could write something similar that fits your own religious beliefs or spiritual tradition :
“ Dear God , thank you that you love and accept me as I am … please help me to do the same … and help me to grow to become the person you want me to be so that my God-confidence and self - confidence will increase greatly — all for the glory of your name and not mine .
Thank you for hearing and answering my prayer .
Amen . ”
( Daily Encounter , Strengthen Your Self - Confidence , Acts International )
7. Reframe
If something unexpected happens , it ’s easy to let it knock your fledgling self - confidence .
Perhaps you spill your drink on someone , you arrive late for the big meeting because of traffic problems , or someone who you wanted to speak to gives you a cold brush - off .
Try to “ reframe ” the situation ; put it in the best possible light : often , events are only negative because of the meaning we attach to them .
( Tim Brownson , A Daring Adventure )
8 . Find the next step
Keep your self - confidence up by taking gradual steps forwards , rather than freezing when faced with what seems like a giant leap .
If you ’re not sure what to do , look for one simple step that you can take to make progress .
That might mean making eye contact at a party , introducing yourself to a stranger , breaking the ice in a meeting , or asking a question of your interviewers that shows your knowledge of their industry and company .
“ Start taking action even if you do n’t have a clear idea of what needs to be done .
Start moving towards your goal .
Make corrections later . ”
( 6 Keys to Develop the Action Habit , Illuminated Mind )
9. Speak slowly
An easy tip for both seeming and being more self - confidence is to speak slowly .
If you gabble , you ’ll end up feeling worse as you know you ’re being unclear to your audience or to the person you ’re in a conversation with .
Speaking slowly gives you the chance to think about what you ’re going to say next .
If you ’re giving a talk or presentation , pause at the end of phrases and sentences to help your audience take in what you ’ve said .
“ A person in authority , with authority , speaks slowly .
It shows confidence .
A person who feels that he is n’t worth listening to will speak quickly , because he does n’t want to keep others waiting on something not worthy of listening to . ”
( 25 Killer Actions to Boost Self - Confidence , Zen Habits )
10 . Contribute something
Have you ever sat through an entire class at college or meeting at work without saying a word ?
Have you had an evening out where friends chatted happily while you sat and stared silently at your drink ?
Chances are , you were n’t feeling very self - confident at the time – and you probably felt even worse afterwards .
Whatever the situation you ’re in , make an effort to contribute .
Even if you do n’t think you have much to say , your thoughts and perspective are valuable to those around you .
“ By making an effort to speak up at least once in every group discussion , you ’ll become a better public speaker , more confident in your own thoughts , and recognized as a leader by your peers . ”
( 10 Ways to Instantly Build Self Confidence , Pick the Brain )
Do you find yourself lacking in self - confidence at times ?
How do you cope with these situations ?
Share your tips in the comments …
Bram Stokers Dracula October 28 , 2008
Posted by nugster in Uncategorized Tags : anthony hopkins
You just knew that I would have to include the king of the vampires at some point .
Having watched this in the theater when it first came out , I was lucky enough to enjoy it the way it was meant to be seen .
All these years later , and with a decent television and sound system I was able to enjoy it again .
For the most part
Its a solid movie , with a few parts that drag a bit .
But then again they are staying true to the more traditional telling of the Dracula story .
Starting with how Dracula became what he is , in this version vowing to rise from his grave and take revenge on a god that would allow the love of his life to die , while he was in battle defending him .
From there he moves to London to basically be evil and feed on Lucy Westenra .
Naturally Van Helsing pops up at some point and all hell breaks loose , but you get the idea .
Francis For Coppola did a wonderfull job with the look of this film , making it very dark and gothic .
And the casting was pretty much A - list at the time , with names like Gary Oldman , Anthony Hopkins , Winona Ryder , and Keanu Reeves .
Ive never been a big fan of Reeves , but the movie manages to be good despite his wooden performance .
The Secrets of the Sparkle a .k.a.
TWILIGHT : STONIFIED ( Image heavy )
ETA Due To Heavy Traffic
The Secrets of the Sparkle a .k.a.
TWILIGHT : STONIFIED
" Is there anything more beautiful than a beautiful , beautiful flamingo , flying across in front of a beautiful , beautiful sunset ?
And he 's carrying a beautiful rose in his beak , and also he 's carrying a very beautiful painting with his feet .
And also , you 're drunk . "
~ Jack Handy .
Jannilyn
Randilynn ( guess what her dad 's name is ? )
Faunette
LaVonne
Mohonri Morianchimer
Aereign <-- good fucking hell . )
Joseph
DAZZLES !
sunwhite
be
the priesthood
eternal life
every
pits
neck
feet
blood
ROMANTIQUE .
Mormon
make out
perfect skin mouth lips hair eyes
fey
perfect perfect beautiful boyfriend
This was written to amuse my friends and myself .
I am not claiming to be the Mormon Vampire Authority , even though let 's face it : I the leading Mormon Vampire Authority .
( Nutshell : laugh , or turn back now .
This was meant for joking and is filled with dirty words they can't use on TV . )
Also , you 'll note that this was written a few years ago , so I do n't always reply back to people .
Feel free to strike up convos with anyone , however .
( For real this time . )
So here 's the thing .
I was going to be all ' whipping out the smart essay , pointing out all the subconscious LDS meta ' that SMeyers jammed in these books , showing how I thought she did n't even realize what she was borrowing ( because honestly , I just do n't think she 's smart enough to lay it out there , you know ? )
But here 's the thing :
Like , " Strategery " dumb .
So I 'm giving back at the same reading - comprehension level if you will .
And you will .
There 's so much dumb , in fact , that it will take a few posts to get it all out there .
Here 's the first book and change .
Hold on , hold on , I need to keep setting the tone :
There is heavy word abuse in the book .
The words abused the most are " beautiful , " " perfect , " " chagrin , " and the one I wanted to scream every time I read it , " UGH . "
Because cop fathers would clearly say repeatedly , " Ugh . "
They 're such bratty 13 - year - olds that way .
[ From now on I 'll call her SMeyers ] claims that her name is spelled weird .
Um , only in Utah , lady .
Which , you know ?
Probably not , as here are some examples of some typical Mormon / Utah names , all people that I KNOW : Smeyers grew up in Phoenix and you know this because she likes to mention how awesomely huge it is .
She likes it so much that her protagonist , Isabella Swan aka Bella , is from there and constantly reminds her father , Charlie , that Phoenix is waaaaaay bigger than Provo .
I mean , Forks , Washington , where the story is set .
But let 's dive into the story .... Meet , aka the most annoying protagonist you 'll ever come across .
She , by her own account , is awkward , clumsy ( she is always balanced precariously over the knife 's edge of almost dying from the danger of cutting a sandwich in half , walking down stairs , breathing ...
You never know what will force her to take a spill ! ) , unloved by any friends or boys back home , is unattractive , and generally speaking , a loser .
This is all by her own words , and she 's the one telling the story .
Instead of her being a heroine , I 'm calling her a heroick .
Meet her mother , Renee : Renee is childish and immature and scatterbrained , leaving poor Bella to be All Grown Up before her time .
Renee is married to Phil , a baseball player , providing SMeyers an easy out to creating a relationship with these characters .
He gets injured at one point , and requires all of Mom 's attention .
How convenient !( Derek Jeter 's Taco Hole ! )
Bella moves in with her small town cop father , Charlie .
He 's a gruff man who does n't like to talk a lot .
Now that 's almost cheating , characters that do n't want to talk or interact .
But how easy for our Heroick to interact with the one person who matters ?
But not yet .
Charlie gets her a car , and it's almost as unattractive and un-workable as Bella , nifty !( those are actually cool trucks .
Anyhoodle . )
She takes herself to school , and she 's all emo and hissy , expecting the worst from the other kids because let 's face it : she 's ugly , she 's awkward , and she 's never had friends before , let alone a boyfriend .
Bella tries to fit in , stumbling , falling , and tripping all the way into the school . ( notice anything in the background ?
Neither does she .
Also , are they made of real Girl Scouts ?
haha . )
BUT SOMEHOW , every single boy falls in love with her right off the bat .
She makes their acquaintances :
First , the kicked puppy dog that is eager for more , Mike !
( He 's a total Weenis . )
The queen bee of the class who at first seems nice but ends up being kind of dumb and a bitch , Jessica !
The nice , quiet girl who does n't ask any questions that could possibly expose any conflict or struggle or anything else that makes a plot readable , Angela !
Do n't worry about remembering them because she does n't give a shit about them , and as a result , neither do we .
Oh , but there 's a .
He 's in her Biology class .
And he 's DREAMY .
Also , he clearly hates her , she surmises , because he is n't falling over her like the other boys and also he scowls and SCOOTS AWAY FROM HER at their shared desk .
Even though he scowls , he 's perfect .
PERFECT .
Let 's meet him : I give you , Edward Cullen .
Wait , no , here he is : Every time SMeyers would write about Edward , I would just boggle .
She was drawing from everything we Mormons were taught about Good Ol ' Joe - he was handsome , shockingly so , he could draw you in with just his presence , let alone when he spoke , down to his freaking nose and hair color .
HI THERE CREEPY AUTHOR WANTING TO BONE YOUR PROPHET .
( I have no problem with bible slash , etc. Just ...
I do n't think she knows she 's doing it . )
You know what 's awesome about having a lead character with no flaws ?
Nothing !
He 's perfect in height , build , voice , eyes ( golden ! ) , dress , academics , talents , family , down to his CAR .
I LOL'd when I read about this cosmopolitan , wearing , 's car .
A VOLVO .
If I may quote Mallory Keaton , " It 's like a refrigerator on wheels ! "
Now , I know that new Volvos are great cars , but why not a freaking Porsche SUV ?
And do you notice that the perfect man drives an SUV ??
Before those cars were common , they were called MAVs by everyone in Utah and Arizona ( a suburb of Utah , if you will .
Again : you will . )
MAV = Mormon Assault Vehicle .
( Need something big to cart around that big ol ' family , huh ? )
Bella is MORE CONVINCED THAN EVER that Edward hates her for ever , zomg , I mean , he stopped COMING TO CLASS because he hates her FACE , so she sadly walks to her truck , noticing Edward like , way far away .
One of the friends that does n't matter except to serve as a plot device
Tyler loses control of his van and is certain to KILL HER .... not if Edward can help it , missy !
Turns out ?
Are you ready ?
You 'll never guess this because Edward has a ) been in the sunlight , b ) walks amongst humans , c ) has normal ( but perfect ) teeth .
He is a VAMPIRE you guys !
And he does n't hate Bella .
It 's the opposite .
He is COMPLETELY OVERWHELMED with LOVE for this veritable stranger because she smells so fucking good .
Like , the best smell you can think of ?
DOESN'T COMPARE , BITCHES .
And he 's been sniffing her surreptitiously since she got to town .
She is delicious , delicious meat to him , but he will hold back because she is the one , and although he does n't understand it , he has waited almost 100 years for her .
They were meant to be .
Just like how Mormons believe they picked their spouses and families in the " pre-existence . "
( See : Saturday 's Warrior and " It 's My Turn On Earth " for more on this crappy LDS concept ) Edward is pure white ( and delightsome .
See : Book of Mormon 's drumbeat that perfect , righteous people are white , or will be PERFECTED IN HEAVEN and made white .
No , really .
Six times it says that in particular . ) and is hard as marble and smart as a crack on the cheek and cold as a bag of frozen peas .
And when he steps into the sun , heWithout jazz hands !
Edward also does n't believe in open mouth kissing , swearing , chewing tobacco , drinking caffeine , and enjoys time with his family .
HE IS THE PERFECTBOY .
But he does like following Bella everywhere she goes , monitoring her every move , because that is what boys who love you do .
he also feels the need to carry Bella everywhere she goes ( she might fall and hurt herself !
Say , is n't it INTERESTING that a clumsy , accident prone person is involved with vampires ?
She might spill her own blood at any moment , causing a feeding frenzy ! )
I 'm surprised that Bella 's leg muscles do n't atrophy from the lack of use .
But there 's something else besides Edwards perfection drawing her to him .
Well , besides his perfection and his kick ass soccer mom ride and blinged out .
And besides that whole " I knew you before you were born and now we can be a proper family for eternity " Mormon stuff .
HE HAS THE SWEETEST BREATH .
We are told this ( as well as of his perfection ) over and over and over again .
LikeOr a peppermint patty .
SWEET , is what I 'm saying .
But to make sure that there is NO CONFLICT WHATSOEVER in this story , Edward ( and his vampire family ) ABSTAIN from humans .
Because they only eat animals - specifically predators because they taste so damn good - they consider themselves to be Vegetarians .
That word ...
I do not think it means what you think it means .
Is n't that hilarious ?
What a crack up Smeyers is !
As a result of their " vegetarianism " their eyes are n't red like normal vampires .
They are the butteriest gold that ever was imagined .
The gold color is , in a nutshell , perfect .
Like him .
Edward , because he 's the perfect guy to bring home to Dad , minus the drinking blood , immortal , creepy stalker thing , does n't want them to hook up .
Because he could hurt her !
( How convenient an excuse for guys would that be ?
I WILL hurt you eventually , so let 's not hook up .
* totally gets in her panties *) But Bella whines .
But Edward is stoic .
But Bella pleads .
But Edward is unrelenting .
Then he relents because there is no conflict in this story .
Time to bring her home to meet the perfect family !
Perfection = a constant drum beat in the Mormon church .
You are n't supposed toto be perfect , you are Your family is the key to this , your family is the key to everything .
Your happiness and most importantly , your backstage pass to get into the Penthouse Suite of Heaven where you live forever .
Hey , what does that sound like ?
( One apostate can keep the whole family from heaven ! )
Everyone in Edward 's family is : you guessed it , perfect .
They all look like they stepped out of a catalog .
The people who matter : Rosalie , originally designed for Edward , but it did n't take .
He turned down the blonde , perfect goddess in favor of Bella , dumpy , sallow - skinned , inky - haired stumbling Bella .
He 's so DREAMY !
Or possibly has control issues .
Rosalie hates Bella .
We do n't know why for a loooooong time .
But why would you need to know ?
Just accept !
Rosalie's " forever temple sealed true love due to his scent " man is Emmett .
Emmett grunts a lot , laughs at the thought of fighting because he 's gets a boner for it , and would be a complete douche in RL and probably is that guy that always owes you money .
But even with that , he , too , is perfect .
Jasper , boyfriend to Alice ( coming soon ) who is the one that is the youngest ( read : remembers human blood as delicious treats ) and has a special power , mood altering .
Like having acid or some bennies at any given moment , sweeeeeeeet .
Alice , who cannot walk , she .
Alice , who can read the future ( unless you change your mind . )
Alice , who loves to shop and spend and buy and give .
Alice , who is delicate and twee and a whirlwind of gaiety .
Alice , the plot device .
Also , she 's always checking out your future and looking cryptic .
Um , thanks ?
And because I can't help myself ... NATURALLY the entire family ( save Beautiful , Perfect Rosalie ) loves her and has NO ISSUES with her dropping out of school , becoming a vampire , and marrying Edward for all time and eternity , which is her goal .
They find her utterly charming and delightful .
Many of them , too , carry Bella around because ... who the fuck knows .
The bitch can't take two steps without keeling over .
Jasper hovers a lot because he wants to drain her body of all its blood like any self - respecting vampire .
Edward then takes Bella on an exposition tour of the house , telling her snippets of how each of the Cullens became vampires .
" Late at night an angelic visitor came into my room and gave me the keys toimmortality .
No Hill Cummorahs were involved in this so I do n't get angry LDS letters .
90 long years later of willing myself not to masturbate , because The Church says that is as bad as fornication , and fourteen thousand scrapbooks and lumpy sweaters later , here you come into my life .
It is , in a nutshell , Edward has a gift like Alice has a gift .
These spring up with other vampires as SMeyers realizes she needs a plot device to stand in place for any conflict .
Edward can READ MINDS .
But not Bella's .
Oh , how he longs to hear her thoughts !
Herthought .
No , that 's not disturbing .
Bella sometimes wishes he could , but any normal teenager would DIIIIEEEE at the thought .
Now that he loves Bella - I mean , hestop the van + she smells of duck liver = ETERNAL LOVE - he can come back to school and enjoy smelling herbody all day long .
He sneaks into her bedroom at night and watches her sleep .
All night .
Every night .
No , that is n't both creepy and really really boring , that isNote : to comply with LDS standards , Bella wraps in a quilt before snuggling with her perfect marble statue every night .
Mostly because he 's cold as ice .
( Willing to sacrifice our love ! )
Her free daytime is spent with the Cullens who adore her and can't wait to convert her toVampirism and seal her for time and all eternity in the Salt Lake Temple to their last unmarried son , Edward .
They all dote on her and buy her things which pisses her off .
" Quit using your ill - gotten wealth on me !
Not because I have moral qualms with you having said money , but because there has to be conflict !
I 'm conflicted with you buying me things , THERE , Mr. Editor !
" Well , not everyone loves her .
Rosalie is all " check out my IMMORTALITY , BITCH .
But I 'd give it all up to be mortal AND HAVE BABIES because THAT is how I could TRULY be perfect ! "
Ah , there 's the rub !
( And really ?
You hate Bella because of her womb , not because she 's lame and whiny ?
Huh . )
But sometimes the Cullens have to go into the woods on " hikes " so they can eat predators , which they really should n't because that fucks up nature 's balance , but WHATEVER .
They go eat some grizzlies and polar bears and mountain lions , which I find hilarious because the cougar is the mascot of BYU .
I see what you did there , Smeyers !
Bella wants to die , as bad as Buffy when Angel kisses her .
But somehow she does n't keel over dead when her boyfriend is gone for a half - second and she 's able to meet the newest doormat in her life , Jacob , a Lamanite .
Er , not the people that once were white and because of iniquity were cursed to be brown , copper - flecked injuns of the Book of Mormon , but a Native American Indian filled with interesting lore and a hardon for our Heroick for whatever contrived reason that 's not ever explained .
( Um , trade in the cold marble dude for this hottie .
I 'm just saying , those drum circles go on for DAYS .
Hey - o , euphemism !
Family Home Evening ( I did n't catch if it was Monday night in the book .
That would have been AWESOME . ) by playing baseball .
Vampire baseball .
CLEEEEEK for Part 2 !
[ youtube ] http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CnFDotWupac[/youtube]
Added : Nov. 1 , 2008
Premise of video : Â Phillies fan gets out of control amongst each other during Friday ’s celebration parade .
Fists fly and the fuzz rolls in .
Climax of video : A horse nearly steps on one of the hooligans .
Cop tells crowd to “ Back the [ email protected ] up . ”
Conclusion : Did you expect anything less from Philly fans ?
12847423802543462
James
Bond is known for his insane gadgets , but also for his totally unglued villains .
When it comes to Rube Goldberg schemes , James Bond ’s enemies reign supreme .
To prove it , we ’ve got a clip where Blofeld hypnotizes a woman to love chickens .
It ’s just one of the most insane James Bond villain plots of all time .
Advertisement
On Her Majesty ’s Secret Service
Blofeld ’s chicken allegy / virus scheme .
What did you just watch ?
The woman in that clip has just had sex with James Bond , and now she ’s being hypnotized to adore chickens .
That ’s got to be someone ’s exact fetish , somewhere on the internet .
Advertisement
Basically , Blofeld , played by Telly Savalas , is pretending to be an allergy doctor , and he ’s gathered a whole bunch of beautiful allergic women in bikinis and harem pants .
They ’re allergic to various things , mostly food items , and Blofeld is curing their allergies with the hypnotic power of his smooth silky Kojak voice .
But he ’s not just curing their allergies - he ’s also brainwashing them to deliver the deadly Omega virus to plants or animals , on his command .
The Omega virus causes instant sterility and spreads like wildfire .
So , for example , if chicken lady ( from the clip ) infects her chickens with the Omega virus , we ’ll never hatch another chicken again , anywhere in the world .
It ’ll be like 28 Chickens Later .
How does Bond foil this dastardly scheme ?
I just re-watched this movie , and I ’m still not sure .
But it involves lugeing .
And dancing bears .
Best .
Bond .
Movie .
Ever .
Goldfinger
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Goldfinger ’s nerve - gas - nuclear - gold scheme .
The early Bold films often seem to revolve around nukes .
For example , Dr. No plans to use a nuclear reactor to deflect American missile launches off course , eventually including the moon rocket , with the help of an evil geologist .
( Mwa ha ha ha . )
But Goldfinger ’s scheme is sheer elegance in its bug - brainedness .
He wants to nerve gas all the soldiers guarding the gold depository at Fort Knox , and then set off a nuclear bomb inside the gold reserve , irradiating all the gold and making his own stash more valuable .
Mostly , though , he just likes to laser people in the crotch .
You Only Live Twice
Advertisement
Blofeld ’s spaceship kidnappings .
Blofeld is at it again .
This time , the white - cat - loving maniac is launching his own spaceship to space - nap U.S. and Russian spaceships .
He also continues the food theme by disguising his liquid oxygen rocket fuel under the label LOX , thus making everyone think it ’s smoked salmon .
Sheer genius !
Diamonds Are Forever
Advertisement
Blofeld ’s spaceship kidnappings .
You ca n’t keep Ernst Stavro Blofeld down .
He decides to build a deadly satellite and use it to attack Washington , D.C. Just launching a satellite and building a space - based weapons system would be fancy enough for most supervillains , but not the now - Vegas - based Blofeld .
He makes the whole thing out of diamonds .
Except for the coolant system , which is platinum .
Liberace is his launch technician .
Oh , and the satellite is controlled by cassette tape , which is the same way Blofeld controls his chicken - loving women slaves .
He loves his Dolby noise reduction .
The Man With The Golden Gun
Advertisement
Scaramanga uses solar power for EVIL .
Count Dooku has three nipples .
( I just love saying that . )
And he ’s building a deadly SOLAR GUN which harnesses the power of solar energy .
He has a solar reactor , which is like a nuclear reactor , but SOLAR .
Too bad Miss Goodnight accidentally makes the solar reactor go critical , which is like a solar flare , only on Earth .
The Spy Who Loved Me
Advertisement
Stromberg ’s Atlantis .
Stromberg , who does n’t have a white cat or extra nipples wants to build his own undersea kingdom , in a seabase named Atlantis , in the Spy Who Loved Me .
There ’s also nuclear submarines and stuff .
Moonraker
Advertisement
The disco flower poison space scheme .
Zillionaire Nazi Hugo Drax has crazy disco facial hair , and he wants to create a new master race of perfect blonde people in Speedos .
So he builds a ton of space shuttles and finds some rare South American orchid that can be distilled into a poison that he can spray from the air , to commit flowery genocide .
That ’s the kind of crazy supervillain lateral thinking we like around here .
A View To A Kill
Advertisement
Christopher Walken wants to smash Google .
You ’d expect Christopher Walken to have a totally derango plan , but his scheme in A View To A Kill is surprisingly dull .
He just wants to set off some bombs and cause some earthquakes , destroying Silicon Valley and giving himself a monopoly on the zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz .
Oh sorry .
He does n’t even hypnotize Larry Ellison into deploying an exploding goat at the right moment or anything .
Very disappointing .
Tomorrow Never Dies
Advertisement
Rupert Murdoch ’s crazy war agenda .
Jonathan Pryce plays Eliot Carver , a media baron who wants to start a war between the world ’s two great superpowers : China and Britain .
To this end , he sinks a British ship in Chinese waters and steals its deadly payload to start an attack against the Chinese government that will eliminate politicians who are opposed to giving his media company broadcast rights .
Plus he thinks World War III will be good for ratings .
Die Another Day
Advertisement
Colonel Moon ’s solar - power minefield detonator .
In the recent Bond films , satellite weapons have figured prominently , including Golden Eye ’s EMP weapon .
But we do n’t get a truly bugfuck satellite scheme until 2002 ’s Die Another Day , the last Pierce Brosnan film .
Colonel Moon , an evil North Korean , disguises himself as a Brit named Gustav Graves , and builds a satellite called Icarus that can harness solar energy and then focus it to help grow crops .
( Notice a running theme here : Solar power ?
Always EBIL . )
In reality , Graves wants to use the satellite to blow up a ton of mines in the minefield between North and South Korea , allowing the North Koreans to take over .
Because , of course , the minefield is the only thing preventing a North Korean takeover .
Genius !
Quantum of Solace
Advertisement
The faux - Gore eco-resort water grab .
You know what else is evil , besides solar energy ?
Water management .
In the somewhat muddled Quantum Of Solace , the villain , Greene ( Matthieu Amalric ) , is a fake environmentalist .
He builds a fancy Eco-Hotel as a front for his vicious schemes .
And he plans to help overthrow the government of a small South American country , in return for an apparently barren piece of land .
But then it turns out that land secretly allows him to control most of South America ’s water supply .
An earlier version of this article appeared in 2008 .
And what you think I 'm going to say next reveals your educational and political biases .
I.Asked another way :
If I say Columbus was wrong , then who was right ?
Contrary to popular belief -- a beliefby every American grade school textbook fromto , no one in Christopher Columbus 's time thought the earth was flat .
It was established information , since the ancient Greeks , that it was a sphere .
Eratosthenes calculated the diameter to 10 % accuracy back in 200 BC .
Ptolemy ( 0 AD ? ) knew it was round , but thought the sun ( another sphere ) revolved around it .
And yes , even the Catholics believed it was round , too .
St. Augustine knew it was round , his difficulty was accepting whether there were anyon the other side of the world -- how do you know it is n't all just water ?
So the dispute was not whether the Earth was flat , but how big it was : most people thought that it was bigger than it actually was , and Columbus thought that it was much smaller than it actually was .
Turns out even Columbus did n't really believe it was that small either , as he fudged the ship 's logs so that the crew would n't know how far they 'd actually gone , and mutiny .
Either way , the Dominican Republic was in the middle , and no one expected that .
So Columbus was wrong about how big it was .
The prevailing estimates were closer to the truth .
II .
Some of you might have assumed my initial question was of the variety , " Did Christopher Columbus discover America ? " or " Did he think he made it to India ?
" What 's interesting about those questions is that they are not fact queries , but political alignments .
It is a fact he discovered America -- he did n't know it was there .
It is also a fact that others had been there before him , and people were indigenous to it , as well ; but these are not mutually exclusive facts .
And people love to jump on the question , take sides : " no , no , he did n't discover it , Leif Erickson / the Chinese / Indians ! ! ! "
But they 're not correcting misinformation ; they 're debating prejudices .
They 're not taking sides for something ; they 're taking sidessomething .
Anyone who tells you Leif Erickson discovered America is unlikely to know any other fact about Leif Erickson .
Not the date of his voyages , his country of origin ( Viking is not a country ) or what he was even doing that far west in the first place .
Nothing .
They do n't care about Leif ; they just want Columbus to be wrong .
Why that is could vary : maybe it 's a slap against the establishment , their parents , " everything my Dad told me is wrong ! " as they take a deep drag from their only true friend .
Maybe they want to appear smart .
Or possessing of a trendy anti-european sentimentality .
What matters here is why such a meaningless debate is the one most people want to have ; yet the other , more urgent one -- are we even being taught anything correctly in school ?-- passes without even a thought .
III .
So why is it we were taught that the prevailing opinion was that the Earth was flat and that Columbus 's crew was terrified they would fall off the edge ?
The most common answer is Washington Irving 's ( yes , that Irving ) booka fictional account , which assumes a prevailing belief in a flat earth .
Trouble is , most people have never heard of this book , let alone read it ; to blame it for generations of misinformation seems , well , a stretch .
But the flat earth misconception does indeed appear in textbooks .
The problem comes down to this : no one cares enough to fix it .
Parents learned it ; kids learn it ; and even if you do discover the truth ( e.g. now ) it 's simply not worth going back ( to whom ? ) and fixing the source ( e.g. the textbook . )
The correct information becomes a novelty , bar talk .
The factual information supposedly has no value .
Yet the debate aboutdiscovered America -- that somehow matters .
The incorrect knowledge makes medievalists look like religious idiots -- that 's ok .
That it alters your hazy guess about what life was like back then -- no problem .
That it supports the idea of history being divided between now and pre 1980 -- awesome .
Secular humanism is the name of the game , and that also means no special place can be afforded to any Italian / Spanish explorers .
How do generations of Americans get the basic facts so horribly wrong ?
No one reads primary sources , and , worse , everyone relies on the same bunch ofof primary sources .
Then the debate is not about the the accuracy of the information , but the presence or absence of a political biases .
We got what little information we have about history from the same few sources ; no wonder we do n't know anything , and we all do n't know the same things .
Imagine if we all got our news from the same few sources , or our medical information from ... oh , wait .
In other words , it 's the same way we practice medicine and pick our Presidents -- More of The Same vs. Less Of Everything .
And it does n't seem likely to change .-----
UCA Shooting : 2 Dead , 1 Injured
Two people were killed and another wounded on Sunday night on the University of Central Arkansas campus in the city of Conway .
First shots were fired at 9:19 p.m. outside Snow Fine Arts Building .
Two people were killed and one was treated and released from an area hospital .
UCA Police spokeswoman Lt. Rhonda
Swindle said that an officer heard shots near a male dormitory and behind the campus police station and was on the scene in less than a minute .
He observed one person down on a sidewalk .
Two others were discovered by paramedics inside a nearby building .
Witnesses heard as many as 5 gun shots and reported that the suspects ran into Arkansas Hall after the shooting .
One suspect has been taken into custody and three remain at large .
Police interrogated a person of interest well into the night according to Swindle , through he has not been charged .
UCA President Tom Courtway reported that an automated notification system was triggered at 9:38 p.m. that launched phone calls and e-mails to students .
Courtway has canceled all Monday classes for the 12,500 students and has encouraged them to remain in their dorms .
Police cruisers were visible through the night as they circled the campus .
The bodies of the two victims were taken to the State Crime Lab in Little Rock for autopsies .
Check out our photo gallery below .
Your family is our family .
And with Family Pricing on Chrysler Pacifica models , you get our Employee Price and also may qualify for additional incentives .
Also , with every Pacifica sold , the Chrysler Brand will donate up to 500 meals to No Kid Hungry for kids in need .
Imagine that you are a contestant on the classic television game show Let ’s Make a Deal .
Behind one of three doors is a brand - new automobile .
Behind the other two are goats .
You choose door number one .
Host Monty Hall , who knows what is behind all three doors , shows you that a goat is behind number two , then inquires :
Would you like to keep the door you chose or switch ?
Our folk numeracy — our natural tendency to think anecdotally and to focus on small - number runs — tells us that it is 50 – 50 , so it does n’t matter , right ?
Wrong .
You had a one in three chance to start , but now that Monty has shown you one of the losing doors , you have a two - thirds chance of winning by switching .
Here is why .
There are three possible three - doors configurations : ( 1 ) good , bad , bad ; ( 2 ) bad , good , bad ; ( 3 ) bad , bad , good .
In ( 1 ) you lose by switching , but in ( 2 ) and ( 3 ) you can win by switching .
If your folk numeracy is still overriding your rational brain , let ’s say that there are 10 doors : you choose door number one , and Monty shows you door numbers two through nine , all goats .
Now do you switch ?
Of course , because your chances of win­­ning increase from one in 10 to nine in 10 .
This type of counterintuitive problem drives people to innumeracy , including mathematicians and statisticians , who famously upbraided Marilyn vos Savant when she first presented this puzzle in her Parade magazine column in 1990 .
The “ Monty Hall Problem ” is just one of many probability puzzles physicist Leonard Mlodinow of the California Institute of Technology pre­sents in his delightfully entertaining new book The Drunkard ’s Walk ( Pantheon , 2008 ) .
His title employs the metaphor ( sometimes called the “ random walk ” ) to draw an analogy between “ the paths molecules follow as they fly through space , incessantly bumping , and being bumped by , their sister molecules , ” and “ our lives , our paths from college to career , from single life to family life , from first hole of golf to eighteenth . ”
Although countless random collisions tend to cancel one another out because of the law of large numbers — where improbable events will probably happen given enough time and opportunity — every once in a great while , “ when pure luck occasionally leads to a lopsided preponderance of hits from some particular direction ... a noticeable jiggle occurs . ”
We notice the improbable directional jiggle but ignore the zillions of meaningless and counteracting collisions .
In the Middle Land of our ancient evolutionary environment , which I introduced in Part 1 of this column last month , our brains never evolved a probability network , and thus our folk intuitions are ill equipped to deal with many aspects of the modern world .
Although our intuitions can be useful in dealing with other people and social relationships ( which evolved as common and important for a social primate species such as ours when we were struggling to survive in the harsh environs of the Paleolithic ) , they are misleading when it comes to such probabilistic problems as gambling .
Let ’s say you are playing the roulette wheel and you hit five reds in a row .
Should you stay with red because you are on a “ hot streak , ” or should you switch because black is “ due ” ?
It does n’t matter , because the roulette wheel has no memory , yet gamblers notoriously employ both the “ hot streak fallacy ” and the “ dueness fallacy , ” much to the delight of casino owners .
Additional random processes and our folk numeracy about them abound .
The “ law of small numbers , ” for example , causes Hollywood studio executives to fire successful producers after a short run of box - office bombs , only to discover that the subsequent films under production during the producer ’s reign became blockbusters after the firing .
Athletes who appear on Sports Illustrated ’s cover typically experience career downturns , not because of a jinx but because of the “ regression to the mean , ” where the exemplary performance that landed them on the cover is itself a low - probability event that is difficult to repeat .
Extraordinary events do not always require extraordinary causes .
Given enough time , they can happen by chance .
Knowing this , Mlodinow says , “ we can improve our skill at decision making and tame some of the biases that lead us to make poor judgments and poor choices ... and we can learn to judge decisions by the spectrum of potential outcomes they might have produced rather than by the particular result that actually occurred . ”
Embrace the random .
Find the pattern .
Know the difference .
Note :
This article was originally printed with the title , " A Random Walk through Middle Land " .
WASHINGTON -- The Treasury Department , signaling a new phase in its $ 700 billion financial - rescue plan , is considering requiring that firms seeking future government money raise private capital in order to qualify for public assistance , according to people familiar with the matter .
The move is not expected to apply to the existing $ 250 billion capital - purchase program , which is already injecting money into banks .
But Treasury is considering attaching such conditions to any of its future capital investments , these people said .
...
No.1 SEO Agency - Most Trusted SEO Services
Our SEO services is not just about rankings but traffic and conversions .
Notion
Age is a top - notch Singapore SEO company and digital marketing agency that specialises in professional SEO ( Search Engine Optimization ) and SEM ( Search Engine Marketing ) services .
As what we know to date , Notion Age is the only one SEO company in Singapore that provides high quality and unlimited SEO keywords targeting with minimum guaranteed results in our SEO monthly maintenance service .
What is SEO ( Search Engine Optimization ) ?
The professional optimization process of improving search ranking and making your web pages to appear on top of the search engine organic ( natural ) results with targeted keywords is known as SEO ( Search Engine Optimization ) .
SEO has been proven to yield a higher ROI and most cost - effective in terms of getting targeted traffic to your website and acquisition sales leads than any other forms of online marketing available .
Why is SEO important to your business ?
Everyday there are millions of Internet users performed search queries on the Internet search engines , many of these users are looking for exactly what products or services you are selling .
Can your business website afford not to be seen on top ranking of search results ?
If the answer is no , then SEO is what you need !
Today , it is essential for most businesses to adopting SEO and SEM strategy as an integral part of their online marketing strategy .
Surveys shown that search engines have become an increasingly important part of the online experience of internet users .
Recent findings in Annual Infocomm Usage by Enterprises Survey by IDA Singapore , use of Internet for Information Search has shown as 2nd most common practice while online beside using for send and receive email , according to the survey .
Internet Applications / Services Proportion of companies with the following Internet Access 3 Internet Broadband Internet Access Narrowband Internet Access For sending or receiving mails 90 % 88 % 86 % For information search 88 % 87 % 81 % For banking and financial services 50 % 53 % 44 % For monitoring purposes 36 % 39 % 32 %
For finding information about employment opportunities ( recruitment and search ) 35 % 38 % 29 % For marketing / promotion activities 34 % 37 % 27 %
As a platform to deliver contents / services 32 % 33 % 26 %
As a general communication tool excluding emails such as instant messaging 30 % 33 % 23 %
For telecommuting / remote access 28 % 32 % 21 %
To access collaborative tools ( e.g. file sharing ) 25 % 28 % 18 %
Base :
All companies with the different Internet access .
Another recent findings from Pew Internet & American Life , search and email remain the two online activities that are nearly universal among adult internet users , as 92 % of online adults use search engines to find information on the Web , and a similar number ( 92 % ) use email .
The benefits of SEO
Increase online coverage and credibility .
Higher visibility for long term brand awareness .
Increase targeted traffic to your website .
Receive more potential customers who are actively searching for your product or solution .
Dominate your competition .
Reduce other online marketing cost , such as PPC ( Pay - Per - Click ) Ads .
Why Notion Age SEO ?
Ranked for unlimited keywords without additional cost
without additional cost Focus on performance - based and result - driven SEO
and result - driven SEO Committed 100 % ethical SEO methodology
methodology Guaranteed no outsourcing
Internal team and full - time SEO consultants
consultants Engaged by branded MNCs
100 % successful track records of all SEO projects
You may find us with these Keywords : seo # 2
# 2 seo singapore # 1
# 1 singapore seo #
1
# 1 best seo company # 2
# 2 top seo company # 2 , # 3 * Search results from Google.com.sg , results may varies from time to time .
If you are looking for a professional , ethical and reliable Singapore SEO company that can provides you with a result - driven SEO services then you are landing at the right website now .
To explore further about Notion Age Singapore SEO services or how you can kick - off your cost - effective online marketing efforts further .
Talk to our Singapore SEO consultant now .
To learn more about our SEO Process and Methodology
10 Most Expensive Movies Ever ( adjusted for inflation )
1. Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides ( 2011 ) , $ 422 m adjusted ( $ 378.5 m budget )
2. Avengers : Age of Ultron ( 2015 ) , $ 386 m adjusted ( $ 365 m budget )
3. Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End ( 2007 ) , $ 362 m adjusted ( $ 300 m budget )
4. Avengers : Endgame ( 2019 ) , $ 356 m adjusted ( $ 356 m budget )
5. Avengers : Infinity War ( 2018 ) , $ 316 m adjusted ( $ 316 m budget )
6. Titanic ( 1997 ) , $ 312 m adjusted ( $ 200 m budget )
7. Spider -Man 3 ( 2007 ) , $ 312 m adjusted ( $ 258 m budget )
8. Justice League ( 2017 ) , $ 307 m adjusted ( $ 300 m budget )
9. Tangled ( 2010 ) , $ 299 m adjusted ( $ 260 m budget )
10 . Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince ( 2009 ) $ 292 m adjusted ( $ 250 m budget )
Since the above list is adjusted for inflation , we can see from the preponderance of relatively recent titles that Hollywood has been spending increasing amounts of money on producing blockbuster movies in the last few years .
In this article we take a look at the trends behind the increasing production costs , why these movies in particular cost so much to make , and what it might mean for the future of big - budget big - screen entertainment .
Financialisation : The Movie
Movie budgets would n’t be able to expand without increasing resources to pay for them , of course .
The fact that almost all the movies on the list were released from 2007 onward is indicative of funding trends that emerged around that time .
Hollywood has always sought outside sources to fund its movie production , but it was n’t until the mid-2000s that hedge funds , private equity firms and other institutional investors started sniffing around Hollywood in earnest .
During this period , Hollywood was experiencing a period of financial uncertainty ; hits were n’t landing , box office returns were stagnating , and funding was becoming tight .
Even Disney ( in its pre-Marvel / Star Wars days ) was struggling to make ends meet .
Financial institutions , however , were at that time engaged in recklessly escalating speculative pursuits – which would soon bring the global economy to its knees – and wealthy investors , laden with vast capital resources , were looking for alternative investments in order to ‘ diversify their portfolios ’ and ‘ hedge their risk exposure ’ and other exquisitely punchable phrases .
“ Parkinson ’s law applies [ to Hollywood ] as the number of projects will , regardless of quality , always expand to fully absorb the capital available . ”
Harold L. Vogel , Entertainment Industry Economics : A Guide for Financial Analysis
Thus , between 2005 and 2008 , hedge funds are believed to have invested $ 4 billion in Hollywood movies , while private equity firms stumped up another $ 8 billion .
As outlined by the above quote , this influx of money lead to an increase in production which , in turn , lead to an increase in production costs² .
Though many of these investments turned sour during the subsequent turmoil of the global financial crisis , the genie was out of the bottle ; and as the financial markets returned , unrepentant and unadmonished , to business as usual , they continued to fund a significant portion of Hollywood movie production³ .
“ The major studios have increased their domination in feature filmmaking in the financial era ; the figure gets decidedly less colourful as the years go on , as independent film distributors are less able to compete with the franchise filmmaking of the major studios . ”
Andrew deWaard , Derivative Media : The Financialization of Film , Television , and Popular Music , 2004 - 2016
As deWaard 's quote suggests , it ’s not just production funding that has been affected by the inexorable financialisation of Hollywood – it has also had a huge impact on the corporate structure of the industry .
Like all modern corporations , the major Hollywood studios have become financial entities themselves : publicly - traded companies at the whims of the market with financial arms that engage in the full gamut of financial activities .
Thus , as in other industries , a wave of acquisitions and mergers has seen Hollywood ’s production power consolidated into fewer and fewer hands .
The apotheosis of this trend is , of course , Disney , which , having gobbled up Marvel , Fox , Pixar , Lucasfilm and others no longer needs outside funding and has come to dominate the list of expensive movies as well as box offices worldwide .
Easy Money 2 : Taxpayers to the Rescue
“ Financialisation has led to enormous amounts of money sloshing around the higher levels of the system which , in turn , has led to , effectively , a feudal network of favours , kickbacks and sinecures ...
Large corporations have long depended on government support via … tax - breaks , tax - credits [ and ] favourable legislation … which is , effectively , a form of state - sponsored socialism for the rich . ”
Darren Allen , 33 Myths of the System
The Walt Disney Corporation may have more cash than Scrooge McDuck these days , but that does n’t mean that it does n’t take money from other sources to boost its production budgets – most notably from you and me in the guise of public handouts .
As the previous quote attests , the provision of taxpayer money to the rich is a key aspect of financialisation in late capitalism – and it ’s a process which is rife within the movie industry .
The sheer scale of handouts to Hollywood from governments across the globe is staggering , and can take many forms – grants , refunds , rebates etc .
All these schemes are ostensibly designed to entice movie - makers to produce films within a particular country or region in order to benefit the local economy .
Let ’s not forget , however , that while many people struggle to make ends meet under government - directed austerity around the world – stoking record levels of household debt – those same governments are handing over vast sums of public money to corporations that are already enjoying record profits⁴ .
For example , in 2014 Disney was handed a tidy £ 18.8 m ( $ 32.1 m ) by the British tax authorities for filming the ( current ) most expensive movie in history – Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides– in the UK .
However vast this rebate seems to your average taxpayer , it was merely a drop in the Caribbean Sea compared to the $ 1 billion that this terrible , terrible movie went on to rake in at box offices worldwide .
While it can be argued , with some merit , that such programmes do create jobs and boost local economies , they are also hugely corrupt processes that are open to all the usual abuses , loopholes and dubious special treatments that characterise most financial dealings between governments and big business .
Some of these dubious practices are predictable – e.g. producers padding budgets to recoup more money .
Others , though not necessarily illegal , are more unexpected – such as RBS weaselling itself billions of pounds worth of tax breaks , or Hollywood ’s roaring tax credit trade which allows US corporations in other industries to avoid even more taxes .
This all adds up to another factor in the increasing costs of Hollywood movies – as public money is hoovered up to , legitimately and illegitimately , inflate production budgets .
The Return of the Profits
So , the financialisation of Hollywood has made increasing amounts of money available for production budgets over the last 15 years .
But what , aside from investment diversification and tax dodging , is enticing investors to dig deeper into their pockets year after year ?
Since we ’re discussing a corporate capitalist industry , not an M. Night Shyamalan movie , the answer is , predictably , ‘ increasing financial returns ’ .
Not that it ’s been a simple upward trajectory on the profits front over the last couple of decades , as the film industry has been beset by technological and social developments that have seen cinema attendance plummet .
Battling against the proliferation of home entertainment formats and the subsequent streaming revolution , the industry has clung onto financial viability by increasing ticket prices and introducing various unnecessary add - on costs ( e.g. 3D glasses surcharges or Odeon ’s shameless ‘ blockbuster fee‘ ) .
Such tactics were merely supporting actors to the industry ’s real financial star , however : the growing global market .
The box office takings of Pirates of the Caribbean series clearly demonstrate how important international cinema audiences have become to Hollywood ’s bottom line .
As we can see in the graph below , international takings have risen even as domestic ( US ) earnings have walked off a plank .
Thus , while critics and audiences at home complain of that most voguish of afflictions – ‘ franchise fatigue ’ – the films ’ creators unabashedly continue investing huge sums of money into each entry in pursuit of global revenues .
With a broader global audience now making up for any shortfall in domestic revenues , the potential returns available to Hollywood are huge .
For example , the recent Avengers : Endgame currently stands as the highest grossing movie of all time with a worldwide box office takings of over $ 2.8 billion ( not a bad return on an outlay of $ 365 million ) .
Likewise , Disney broke its previous record for total annual global box office revenues by June of this year and is now predicted to top a colossal $ 11 billion by the end of 2019 .
In such a crowded market , however , today 's movies need to be backed by big bucks to have a chance of reaping such enormous profits .
If we look at the top grossing movies of all time , adjusted for inflation , for example , we can see that it is not dominated by recent films at all – and the only modern titles that do hit such heady heights are ones with the kinds of eye - watering budgets under discussion .
Highest - grossing films as of 2019 adjusted for inflation ⁵
Gone with the Wind ( 1939 ) - $ 3,728,000,000 Avatar ( 2009 ) - $ 3,273,000,000 Titanic ( 1997 ) - $ 3,099,000,000 Star Wars ( 1977 ) $ 3,061,000,000 Avengers : Endgame ( 2019 ) - $ 2,798,000,000 The Sound of Music ( 1965 ) - $ 2,564,000,000 E.T. ( 1982 ) - $ 2,503,000,000 The Ten Commandments ( 1956 ) - $ 2,370,000,000 Doctor Zhivago ( 1965 ) - $ 2,246,000,000 Star Wars : The Force Awakens ( 2015 ) - $ 2,215,000,000
This list shows that only very costly modern productions can match history ’s most profitable movies .
Avatar , Titanic , Avengers : Endgame and Star Wars :
The Force Awakens are , respectively , currently the 14th , 6th , 4th and 17th most expensive movies ever ( when adjusted for inflation ) , while the older movies on the list cost peanuts by comparison⁶ .
Enormous box office returns are clearly out there to be had , it 's just that they now take increasing amounts of investment to attain⁷ .
That ’s not to say that a big production budget guarantees massive returns , of course⁸ .
Rather , it ’s that , nowadays , only mega - budget movies have the possibility of reaping the massive rewards that were once attainable by more modest productions .
Thus , Hollywood corporations are trapped in an all - consuming cycle , pumping ever more money into movie budgets in the hopes of growing global revenues and earning record profits .
In the next section we ’ll look at how the industry has been exploiting the mass - market appeal of movie franchises to this end , and how that process is , in itself , inflating production budgets and the subsequent necessity for ever - growing financial returns .
Risk Aversion : The Series
As the level of financialisation has increased in Hollywood , so too has its fear of the evil baddie of the financial markets : risk .
This has ultimately resulted in the growing homogenisation of content within big budget projects .
Movie studios have always liked a sure - thing , of course , and so derivative , tried - and - tested formulas have been a cinematic staple from the industry ’s birth .
Historically , however , sequels were usually cheap , quick cash - ins designed to squeeze a little extra profit off the back of a successful movie from a ready - made , receptive audience .
Although it was n't until the advent of the summer blockbuster franchise during the 70s and 80s that Hollywood realised the true financial potential of calculated sequelisation .
A cursory glance at the current most expensive movies suggests that this phenomenon has reached new heights – and originality new lows – with franchises now forming the bloated core of Hollywood ’s output .
Of the ten movies in the list , eight are sequels or spin - offs from established series – most of which were already adapted from other types of media⁹ .
We can see , therefore , that Hollywood now puts more financial resources into sequels and franchises than ever before in the hope of vast returns from global audiences .
In chasing big returns via these supposedly risk - averse propositions , however , the industry has become stuck in a financial feedback loop in which each successive franchise entry costs more to produce .
The crux of this problem is that these movies are the epitome of the modern consumer spectacle ; and , the laws of the system state that spectacle , like entropy or GDP , must always increase … forever .
This means that , in order to meet audience / shareholder / investor expectations , every successive movie needs to be ‘ bigger ’ and ‘ better ’ .
As studios compete with each other and their own previous year ’s revenue figures in order to keep the ticket sales / share prices up , this invariably results in an annual arms race of :
‘ Bigger / better ’ action sequences
‘ Bigger / better ’ CGI technology
‘ Bigger / better ’ ensemble casts
‘ Bigger / better ’ stars
‘ Bigger / better ’ running times
‘ Bigger / better ’ sets
‘ Bigger / better ’ exotic locations
‘ Bigger / better ’ marketing campaigns ' synergised ' across ever more mediums
Some of these elements may not necessarily represent significantly increased expenditure , and some may be offset by cost - cutting techniques such as reusing assets or filming sequels back - to - back , but many will inevitably have an exponential impact on costs¹⁰ .
“ Honestly , the closest I can think of [ Marvel movies ] , as well - made as they are , with actors doing the best they can under the circumstances , is theme parks .
It is n’t the cinema of human beings trying to convey emotional , psychological experiences to another human being . ”
Martin Scorsese , interview with Empire Online
Occupying three of the top five positions , the Avengers series epitomises these issues .
Escalating costs are hard to avoid when you factor in an ever - growing roster of superheroes played by stars whose fame , and price tags , increase with each successive movie , for example .
What ’s more , as the various threads of the Marvel comics have converged into cinematic superhero orgies , they ’ve had to pay out a growing group of increasingly well - paid actors to all appear together in the same films .
Thus , with no chance of an Iron Man chamber piece making it to the big screen , the Avengers ' domination of the list of most expensive movies was always a structural inevitability .
Hollywood Originality : Endgame ?
To sum up , the story behind the most expensive movies of all time is that financialisation has provided an influx of funds , growing global audiences have increased possible returns , and increasingly expensive yet ( supposedly ) risk - averse franchise movies have become the favoured method to attain them .
The by - product of this is the homogenisation of cinematic output ; an avalanche of derivative superheroes and franchise sequels that are stifling creativity and crowding out smaller movies .
Viewed from this angle , like a Hollywood gumshoe of old , we could view these processes as the means ( movie franchises ) , motive ( global revenues ) and opportunity ( financialisation ) of the killing of cinematic originality .
As with all economic processes , at some point the bubble will burst – due to audience backlash , or another global financial crisis , or perhaps the rise of an even more profitable cinematic trend .
Until that point , we can expect the continuation of this cycle with more spandex - clad movie stars , record - breaking profits , and new milestones in exorbitant production budgets .
Notes
Source : Wikipedia
2007 , the last year that the MPAA released annual figures on industry production costs , saw the first significant increase in four years .
The level of corruption and opportunity for financial crime in all these funding processes should not be overlooked .
Tax evasion , fraud and money laundering have long been part of the Hollywood financial landscape .
All while maintaining – erroneously – that public spending must be cut in order to ‘ balance the budget ’ .
Source : Wikipedia
Gone with the Wind ’s $ 3.9 million budget in 1939 amounts to a mere $ 72.2 million in today 's money , for example .
The decline in the rate of return - on - investment here echoes that of wider downward trends of late stage capitalism , not only in the global economy but even within the processes of energy production on which it inextricably relies .
The 8th most expensive movie on our list , Justice League , ‘ underperformed ’ by most accounts , for example , earning a mere $ 658 m worldwide – or just over a quarter of the box office total of Avengers : Endgame .
Not that the two outliers are wildly original flights of fancy either , one being based on an infamous historical event and the other a traditional fairy tale .
The ' non - franchise ' most expensive movies also fall foul of the cost of spectacle – see Titanic ’s replica film set ( rumoured to have made up three quarters of the budget and Tangled ’s ‘ revolutionary ’ CGI hair technology .
How a bacterium overcomes a tomato plant 's defences and causes disease , by sneakily disabling the plant 's intruder detection systems , is revealed in new research in Current Biology .
The new study focuses on a pathogen which causes bacterial speck disease in tomato plants .
This bacterial invasion causes black lesions on leaves and fruit .
Severe infection can cause extensive and costly damage to tomato crops , and researchers believe that understanding more about how this microbe works could lead to new ways of tackling it , and other plant diseases , without the need for pesticides .
Scientists have found that the pathogen is very effective at attacking tomato plants because it deactivates and destroys receptors which normally alert the plant to the presence of a dangerous disease - in the same way that an intruder would deactivate the burglar alarm before gaining entry to a house .
Professor John Mansfield from Imperial College London 's Department of Life Sciences , one of the authors of the paper , says : " Once the receptors have been taken out , the plant 's defences are ' offline ' and the bacterium is able to spread rapidly , feeding on the plant without encountering any kind of resistance . "
Together with colleagues at the Max Planck Institute in Cologne and Zurich - Basel Plant Science Centre , Professor Mansfield used an experimental model plant called Arabidopsis , which is also affected by the disease , to examine what happens at the molecular level when bacterial speck infects a plant .
The team found that the pathogen injects a protein into the host cell , which then deactivates and destroys , from the inside , receptors on the cell 's surface which are designed to alert the plant to the presence of invading microbes .
Deactivating the receptors stalls the plant 's defence mechanism in its initial stages - ordinarily the cell surface receptors would kickstart a chain reaction leading to the production of antimicrobial compounds to fight and kill off the bacterial invader .
Professor Mansfield says : " This area of research has a wider significance beyond black speck disease in tomato , because the microbes that cause plant diseases probably all employ similar attacking strategies to suppress resistance in their hosts .
The more we understand about how the pathogens that cause disease overcome the innate immunity to infection in crop plants , the better our chances of developing approaches to disease control that do not require the use of potentially harmful pesticides "
The research at Imperial was funded by the UK Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council
Let ’s state outright a few obvious points .
Bringing the presidential candidates and their press entourages back to Capitol Hill wo n’t speed or improve the process of coming up with a good bailout deal .
It will politicize it .
That ’s so transparently obvious that it barely requires stating .
And of course that is the point .
By going public with his ‘ suspension ’ announcement as a breaking news statement McCain intended to make any agreement between the candidate impossible .
Contrast that with Obama ’s campaign , which apparently tried to get both campaigns to agree on a common set of principles privately before going public .
There ’s no logical reason there ca n’t be a presidential debate while a bailout plan is being negotiated .
Finally , does anyone think that McCain would have come up with this gambit if his polls were where they were two weeks ago instead of where they are today ?
Of course , not .
This is n’t a reaction to the national financial crisis but to the McCain polling crisis .
The McCain supporters who are cheering this are n’t doing so because they think it ’s the right thing to do but because they hope it ’s ingenious politics .
If anyone can think of any reason why these points are not incontestably accurate , I would be obliged if you could let me know .
He ’s desperate and reckless .
This is what it appears to be : political stunt dressed up as vainglorious self - sacrifice .
In other words , typical John McCain .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- President Bush reflected on his own struggle with alcohol in a White House meeting Thursday that touted gains in the war on drug abuse .
President Bush speaks about his administration 's efforts in fighting drug abuse at the White House on Thursday .
CNN was the only media outlet invited to attend the entire meeting , which other reporters joined in the final minutes for remarks from the president .
Several in the room , including Don Coyhis of Colorado Springs , Colorado , who runs a program targeting Native Americans battling substance abuse , were recovered addicts or alcoholics .
Bush , who quit drinking at the age of 40 , was impressed .
" Congratulations on 30 years of sobriety , " the president told Coyhis .
" I 'm eight years behind you . "
The president told the group of 14 -- all leaders in drug prevention , treatment and interdiction programs across the country -- that a new study shows teen drug abuse has dropped 25 percent since he took office in 2001 .
" No question there 's still work to do in America , but we are making progress , " Bush said .
But the study by the University of Michigan cautioned that progress could be threatened by a drop in the percentage of young people who think marijuana is harmful .
And it found that a high percentage of teens are abusing prescription drugs , with nearly 10 percent of high school seniors reporting using Vicodin over the past year and nearly 5 percent abusing OxyContin .
Bush listened to participants ' stories and shared some candid moments .
Professional baseball player Josh Hamilton , who once suffered from a debilitating drug addiction , talked about seeking help from eight treatment centers .
" They did n't work for me , " he said .
It was n't until his grandmother confronted him while he was high on drugs that something clicked .
" That moment cleared my mind , opened my heart , and that following night I committed my life to Christ , " Hamilton said .
The president praised the effectiveness of the programs represented , most private and faith - based .
" I'm a faith - based guy , " Bush explained .
" Sometimes , to help change a person 's behavior , you have to change their heart .
Government 's not really good at that . "
Former New Orleans District Attorney Harry Connick Sr. talked about why he was motivated to launch a student drug testing program that has now spread to 20 city high schools .
Over his nearly 30 - year - career , Connick said , " I sent a lot of people to the penitentiary .
But at one point I thought , this is not enough . "
The father of singer Harry Connick Jr. maintained that the best way to reduce demand for drugs is to test high school students .
Dr. Katie McQueen advocated more careful screening of patients for substance abuse by hospitals and doctors .
" Of the millions of people who need help , most do n't get it because they do n't think they need it , " McQueen explained .
When McQueen announced that her Houston program was based in " the great state of Texas , " Bush interrupted with a broad smile , " I 'll be home in about -- but who 's counting -- 39 days . "
Dr. Nora Volkow , director of the National Institute on Drug Abuse , discussed research showing that 50 percent of a person 's vulnerability to drug addiction is genetic .
Bush asked whether the same was true of alcohol abuse .
" There 's clearly a genetic component , " Volkow responded .
" That 's why prevention is so important . "
Lt. Mike Boudreaux of the Tulare County Sheriff 's Department described his battle to eradicate marijuana fields on California public lands .
" It 's a daunting task , " Boudreaux said of the efforts , which often involve confronting Mexican drug dealers intent on protecting their hidden fields .
Boudreaux added that his mother often prays for the president .
" One of the most striking aspects of being president is the power of prayer in my life .
I feel it , " Bush said .
" Some days are happy .
Some days are not so happy .
But every day is joyous . "
All About George W. Bush • Drug Addiction
One of the ongoing themes of my microprocessor coverage over the past few years has been the relationship between on - chip execution bandwidth and the " memory wall . "
So I was intrigued to learn of new research from Sandia National Labs that indicates that the severity of the memory wall problem may be much greater than the industry generally anticipates .
In a nutshell , the " memory wall " problem is pretty straightforward , and it's by no means new to the multicore era .
The problem arises when the execution bandwidth ( i.e. , aggregate instructions per second , either per-thread or across multiple threads and programs ) available in a single socket is constrained by the amount of memory bandwidth available to that socket .
As execution bandwidth increases , either because clockspeeds get faster or because the die contains more cores , memory bandwidth has to increase in order to keep up .
To put this in simple multicore terms , cramming a ton of processor cores onto a single die does you no good if you can't keep those cores fed with code and data .
But memory bandwidth is n't keeping up .
Memory bus bandwidth ( latency and / or throughput ) has n't increased quickly enough in proportion to Moore 's Law , a fact that leaves processors starving for bytes .
In this respect , the " memory wall " is a classic producer / consumer problem , and it's the reason that on - die cache sizes have ballooned in recent years .
As the memory wall gets higher and higher , it takes more and more cache to get you over it .
At this point , it would be fair to say that most modern server processors are really high - speed memories with some processor core stuck on the die , instead of vice versa .
The memory wall is therefore an added barrier to the success of the many - core paradigm .
I say " added , " because the most famous barrier is the programming model .
Massively multithreaded programming is n't just a " hard problem " — rather , it 's a generation 's worth of Ph.D. dissertations that have yet to be written .
The work from the Sandia team , at least as it's summarized in an IEEE Spectrum article that infuriatingly omits a link to the original research , seems to indicate that 8 cores is the point where the memory wall causes a fall - off in performance on certain types of science and engineering workloads ( informatics , to be specific ) .
At the 16 - core mark , the performance is the same as it is for dual - core , and it drops off rapidly after that as you approach 64 cores .
The chart included in the report is striking , and I wish I had the appropriate background to interpret it .
( Again , the lack of any link , DOI , report title , deck title , or other reference information is unbelievable . )
Nonetheless , despite the lack of color from the source , I 'm sure the many - core skeptics in the audience — and there are quite a few — will seize on it as further validation that the maximum worthwhile core count is well below 16 .
It looks like Sandia is proposing that stacking memory chips on top of the processor is the solution to this bandwidth problem .
If that is indeed their proposal , then they 're in good company .
Both Intel and IBM have touted advances in chip - stacking techniques , and Sun has published research in the area of high - bandwidth memory interconnects that involve placing dice edge - to - edge .
But , to my knowledge , these die - stacking schemes are further from down the road than the production of a mass - market processor with greater than 16 cores .
Toei Animation is partnering with one of the most well - known anime streaming sites in the world , Crunchyroll .
The deal gives Crunchyroll the ability to provide streaming , subscription and download - to - own options for several of Toei 's popular anime titles , beginning October 27 , 2008 .
The first series that will be available on Crunchyroll as a result of this new partnership include :
Fist of the North Star Pretty Cure Slam Dunk Digimon Adventure 02
" A partnership with Toei Animation is fantastic for Crunchyroll and the anime industry in the U.S. and international markets , " states Mr. Kun Gao , Crunchyroll 's CEO .
" It is great validation to have one of the oldest , largest Japanese animation studios using our platform to bring anime to a much larger audience and monetize through new digital channels . "
Toei Animation Co. , Ltd.'s Mr. Kanji Kazahaya , Director of International Department , said , " We believe that digital distribution holds the potential to improve the economics of our studio rather than weaken it and Crunchyroll is a great company to work with because of its reach and unique approach to end users . "
Toei is well respected , even revered , in the anime industry .
Since its founding in 1956 , Toei Animation has produced more than 9,000 episodes of TV series ( 189 titles ) and 172 long feature films as of March , 2007 .
Crunchyroll has been working hard to earn respect in the industry by working closely with anime companies to deliver streaming titles to their huge fanbase .
In recent months they 've received venture capital funding and announced a content deal with anime - studio Gonzo , but a partnership with Toei — the granddaddy of anime studios — is perhaps their most impressive achievement so far .
The wild ride on Wall Street continues .
After eight years of the George Bush / GOP economic policy , news of Obama ’s pick for Treasury Secretary set off a rally .
The markets have apparently joined the rest of us by “ applauding change ” :
After two days of punishing losses , Wall Street surged on Friday afternoon after news reports said that President - elect Barack Obama had tapped Timothy F. Geithner , the president of the New York Federal Reserve , to be secretary of the Treasury .
Skittish financial markets closed dramatically higher following the reports , recouping some of the slide that brought them to 11 - year lows .
The Dow Jones industrial average soared 494.13 points or 6.5 percent , closing at 8,046.42 .
The broader Standard & Poor ’s 500 - stock index swung 6.3 percent higher , or 47.59 points to 800.03 .
The Nasdaq composite was up 5.2 percent .
“ It was almost a Geithner relief rally , ” said Steve Neimeth , portfolio manager at AIG SunAmerica Asset Management .
Bits of news have swung financial markets widely in recent weeks , and on Friday afternoon , traders seemed to rally behind unconfirmed reports that the country ’s next president had picked his chief financial officer .
The markets were not applauding the choice specifically , said Ryan Larson , senior equity trader at Voyageur Asset Management , but any choice at all .
“ What you ’re seeing is a rally off the headlines , ” Mr. Larson said .
“ The markets are applauding change .
It ’s a hope that change will bring some sort of effectiveness to these plans and ultimately make a road map to come out of it . ”
And while it may be wrong to stereotype Japan in an article about cultural insensitivity , we can't help but notice their domination of the game industry has led to some hilariously cringe - inducing moments .
We 're talking about games like ...
As much as we love Japan , they do seem to be about 30 years behind the rest of the world in the area of political correctness .
6 Vendetta ( 1991 )
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
In the Japanese version of this Sega Genesis game , men clad in leather chaps and a bushel of chest hair daintily stroll up to your character and attack .
And when we say " attack , " we mean " dry hump you from behind . "
If there are two of these leather - clad enemies on the screen simultaneously , the other one will sometimes hump a light pole until the bulbs drop on his head , bludgeoning him .
Gay or straight , if two people are so horny that they 're willing to risk their lives to have intercourse with a light pole , would n't common sense dictate that they 'd just have sex with each other instead ?
And what does that say about the one guy who continues to probe a stranger 's anus while he watches his friend die from blunt trauma to the skull ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Maybe he 's just afraid of the poison that seems to coat the genitals of gay men in Konami's Vendetta universe ( your life bar drains substantially with each thrust of the attacker 's hips ) .
Almost As Bad ...
While Vendetta really set the bar for unrealistically flamboyant portrayals of male homosexuals , Sega 's Bare Knuckle 3 ( Streets of Rage 3 in the US ) could n't back down from the challenge .
Thus , they gave us Ash .
He slaps .
He cries when he 's defeated .
He strikes effeminate poses , covers his mouth while giggling and bends his knees inward , all while looking every bit the Village Person .
Yet , you can measure the progress of Japanese game developer attitudes toward homosexuality by the fact that in a game made three years later , the gay character no longer humps you to death .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
“ You ’ve done just the right thing , ” Colin Honess , a garrulous , pleasant man with a big white beard and matching hair , tells me .
“ If you ’re going to put your money away , you want to make sure it ’s in good hands .
And this is a very good , safe place to put your money . ”
It ’s a steamy mid-July morning and we ’re sitting in Honess ’ office at Jerome E. Pyfrom & Co. , a law firm in Nassau , capital of the Bahamas , one of the world ’s premier “ offshore ” financial havens .
Pyfrom & Co. specializes in setting up secret bank accounts that allow people to hide their funds — from tax collectors , law enforcement authorities , creditors , or anyone else who might have a claim on their cash .
Some experts estimate that more than $ 5 trillion is now hidden in offshore accounts .
I ’ve come to the Bahamas to investigate what kind of financial services are available to wealthy Americans eager to bury their riches abroad .
Since my own resources are modest , I tell Honess I ’ve grown rich as a NASDAQ trader and am sick and tired of being “ taxed to death ” by the US government .
How can Pyfrom & Co. be of assistance ?
I ask .
I ’d initially contacted the firm via email and learned there was no need to actually visit the Bahamas to open my clandestine account ; I could submit a few pages of paperwork by mail , and Honess would handle the rest .
But now , sitting across from him in his office , I explain to Honess that I felt it prudent to take a firsthand look .
He hands me a packet of information , including a detailed report that lays out the advantages of stashing one ’s money in the Bahamas .
“ Imagine a company which is not required to file any public notice of who its officers and directors are , ” it begins .
“ No need to reveal the identity of its shareholders ; no need to file any financial statements or keep any accounts .
Imagine that such a company can be incorporated in an economically and politically stable country which is a member of the British Commonwealth and which imposes no income , capital gains , or inheritance tax .
‘ Pinch me !
I ’m dreaming !’ you may be saying if you have never been introduced to the Bahamian International Business Company . ”
For the would - be tax evader or money launderer , International Business Companies , or IBCs as they are generally known , are indeed a dream come true .
These shell companies often conduct no real business — they are simply used as front operations by people trying to hide their wealth .
A 1998 United Nations report says that IBCs “ have few commercial or financial justifications , except to conceal the origin and destination of goods in international commerce …and to evade taxes by moving profits and assets out of the reach of the tax collector . ”
Not surprisingly , business is booming at Pyfrom & Co .
The firm ’s clients come mostly from the United States and Europe , but just that morning Honess had fielded a call from Singapore .
Setting up an IBC with the company , he explains , is fast and cheap .
All that ’s required of me is filling out a one - page form and providing a photocopy of my passport and driver ’s license .
The entire incorporation process — which costs $ 1,000 plus annual renewable fees of $ 750 — can be completed within 48 hours .
I can then open a bank account in the name of my IBC .
To help me avoid placing my money in the local offices of a US bank , Honess suggests a branch of Ansbacher , a South African financial firm that is “ a little easier to work with . ”
The beauty of the whole arrangement , Honess emphasizes , is that Bahamian bank secrecy laws make it virtually impossible to determine who owns an IBC .
Incorporation papers filed at the Registrar General ’s office , conveniently located just half a block away , disclose only an IBC ’s local office —
Honess suggests that his home address could serve that purpose — and its agent , who could be another employee of Pyfrom & Co. or another Nassau lawyer or accountant .
My paperwork and identification papers , as well as the names of my IBC ’s directors and officers , would be securely guarded at his firm ’s office .
Local law makes it a crime to reveal account information without the owner ’s permission , unless under order from Bahamian courts , and Honess can recall the latter happening only a handful of times during the past decade — and only in cases involving notorious drug dealers or other high - profile criminals .
Now we come to a delicate matter .
Setting up an offshore account is perfectly legal , but it ’s a crime for an account holder not to disclose that information when filing a US tax return .
Honess calls the obligation to report hidden wealth a “ fine line ” and a “ question of conscience . ”
If I fail to do so , he predicts , there will be no negative consequences .
“ The IRS would need to spend a huge amount of money to pursue the matter and it ’s unlikely that they ’d succeed , ” he says .
“ You ’re no big - time criminal , so it would hardly be worth it .
Your NASDAQ investments were probably far riskier than this . ”
With that , our conversation comes to a close .
In less than an hour , I ’ve done everything necessary to set up a secret bank account , short of filling out the one - page application and turning over the $ 1,000 fee to Jerome E. Pyfrom & Co .
During the early part of this century , American mobsters began buying up legitimate businesses in order to explain the origins of their ill - gotten loot .
Laundries and car washes were among the most popular choices ; hence , the birth of the term money laundering .
At roughly the same time , the Bolshevik Revolution and political instability across Europe caused the continent ’s elite to seek a safe haven for their assets .
Much of their money poured into Switzerland , which emerged as the first capital of “ private banking . ”
The industry provides specialized financial services to wealthy clients — serving , in many instances , as the legal cousin of money laundering .
Today , the practice of hiding wealth has reached epidemic proportions .
Much of the money shipped abroad has its origins in arms dealing and drug trafficking .
Another major source is loot plundered by corrupt government leaders , such as former Indonesian president Suharto .
A growing portion of offshore money , however , is legal in origin , moved abroad by the super - rich — often through major US banks — in order to evade taxes .
Because private banks and offshore firms work closely with clients to help cover their tracks , no one knows exactly how much money is held in secret accounts .
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development tried to come up with a number for a 1998 report it prepared on the subject but gave up , saying only that the use of tax havens was “ expanding at an exponential rate . ”
A US congressional committee estimates that the private banking industry currently manages $ 15.5 trillion in assets , much of which is hidden offshore .
The boom in secret banking has enormous implications for US taxpayers , as the wealthy increasingly use offshore accounts to evade their contributions to the national treasury .
In their new book , The Great American Tax Dodge , Donald Barlett and James Steele estimate that if only 10 percent of the secret wealth belongs to US citizens — a conservative figure — then Americans have squirreled away at least $ 500 billion overseas .
The offshore arrangements , they write , “ allow these people to escape payment of income taxes that add up to the equivalent of every tax dollar paid by everyone in New York state and New Jersey who earns less than $ 200,000 a year . ”
The roots of the offshore boom are n’t hard to find .
The decade - long bull market in US stocks has produced a big upsurge in the ranks of the super - rich , the most common procurers of tax havens .
According to Merrill Lynch and Gemini Consulting , the global assets of all millionaires combined rose by 18 percent last year to $ 25.5 trillion — including $ 7.6 trillion held by North Americans .
And with banking increasingly digitized , the process of moving cash offshore often involves no more than the click of a computer mouse .
“ Whenever there is an unsustainable economic or stock market boom , the early winners move part of their money offshore to make sure they ’ll still have it when the crash comes , ” says Walker Todd , a former Federal Reserve officer .
“ It ’s likely that the early winners in the dot - com boom took a good bit of their money off of the table by placing it in offshore accounts beyond the reach of US authorities . ”
To keep taxes low on so much new wealth , lawyers and accountants here at home have given birth to the emerging field of “ asset protection . ”
One of the foremost practitioners is Barry Engel , a Denver - based attorney who calls his specialty “ the process of planning to protect against those risks that threaten accumulated wealth . ”
Those risks include not only the IRS , but also messy divorces , pesky creditors , and untimely lawsuits .
Engel charges $ 24,500 to set up an offshore trust that he claims is absolutely safe from outside prying — and absolutely legal .
In Las Vegas , the Asset Protection Group headed by William Reed urges potential clients to “ Stop Being a Target for Money - Hungry Lawyers and Insatiable Tax Collectors . ”
Its brochure includes testimonials from happy customers like Dr. W.L. , who writes , “ I was able to cut my malpractice insurance way down .
The first year savings were more than twice your fee . ”
In addition , the brochure suggests , patients who win lawsuits against their doctors can’t collect if the doctors ’ assets ca n’t be found .
Offshore Finance USA , a bimonthly glossy published in Montreal , is largely a how - to guide to hiding money abroad .
The magazine , which bristles with ads from the Bahamas and other nations that serve as tax havens , gives subscribers the option of receiving their issues in plain envelopes .
For an additional fee of $ 3 per issue , the magazine offers to “ remove your name from the general mailing and … handle the mailing of your subscription manually from our offices . ”
Other strategies that allow people to hide their wealth offshore include “ walking trusts , ” which shift location to a new tax haven at the first sign of interest from law enforcement or tax authorities .
Engel , the Denver attorney , co-authored “ walking trust ” legislation passed in 1989 by the Cook Islands , a former territory of New Zealand that offers investors a host of protective devices .
In the unlikely event that hostile parties discover a Cook Island trust , for example , they are required to bring suit within one year of the trust ’s establishment in a local court , since judgments from the rest of the world are not recognized .
They are also required to demonstrate fraudulent intent beyond a reasonable doubt — a standard of proof , Engel has pointed out , “ that could not be met in the O.J. Simpson criminal case . ”
Secret accounts have traditionally been the province of private banks in Switzerland , Austria , and Luxembourg .
But those nations have lost favor among depositors in recent years as they have eased bank secrecy laws in response to international pressure .
Small states in the Caribbean and the South Pacific , eager to offset declining tourism and lower prices for farm exports , have rushed to fill the void , turning to offshore banking as an easy and effective means of attracting big money from abroad ( see “ Tropic of Tax Cheats , ” this page ) .
But it ’s not just microstates that are profiting from the offshore boom .
The world ’s largest financial institutions are also growing richer by offering private banking services to their top clients .
Big - time American players include Merrill Lynch , Chase Manhattan , J.P. Morgan , Morgan Stanley , and Goldman Sachs .
The leading US private banker is Citibank , which administers trusts and shell corporations for some 40,000 clients through its operations in New York , London , the Bahamas , the Cayman Islands , the Isle of Jersey , and Switzerland .
To open an account , private banking clients must generally deposit at least $ 1 million .
According to a report by the Senate Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations , private bankers then assign the client a “ relationship manager ” who creates offshore trusts , handles all financial transactions — and helps ensure secrecy .
“ Private banks routinely create shell companies and trusts to shield the identity of the beneficial owner of a bank account , ” the report states .
“ Private banks also open accounts under code names and will , when asked , refer to clients by code names or encode account transactions . ”
One former private banker who had more than 30 clients , each with as many as 15 shell companies , told the subcommittee that his own bank prohibited him from keeping any records linking front operations to their owners .
In another case , Federal Reserve examiners asked Bankers Trust to create a database identifying the owners of shell companies .
The bank complied — by setting up the database on the Isle of Jersey in the English Channel , which requires US investigators to request names on a case - by - case basis from Jersey courts .
The effort to create and shelter multiple accounts “ complicates regulatory oversight and law enforcement , ” the Senate subcommittee concluded , “ making it nearly impossible for an outside reviewer to be sure that all private bank accounts belonging to an individual have been identified . ”
The secrecy makes it easy for clients of private banks to hide their wealth , whatever its source .
Citibank ’s clients have included the family of Sani Abacha , the former Nigerian general who plundered billions of dollars from his nation ’s treasury , and dictator Omar Bongo of Gabon , for whom Citibank established a Bahamian shell corporation to stash his looted treasure .
Citibank also helped Raul Salinas , brother of former Mexican president Carlos Salinas , by transferring tens of millions of dollars out of Mexico and depositing the money in European banks under the names of untraceable companies registered in the Cayman Islands .
Citibank never used Salinas ’ name in bank communications , referring to him instead as “ Confidential Client Number 2 , ” or “ CC - 2 . ”
“ CC - 1 ” was the code used to refer to Carlos Hank Rhon , who is currently facing civil charges by the Federal Reserve that he used secret offshore accounts to illegally hide his controlling interest in Laredo National Bank , the third - largest independent bank in Texas .
A Mother Jones review of Fed documents reveals that Citibank handled more than $ 100 million for Hank Rhon , funneling his money through accounts in New York , Mexico , London , Zurich , the Bahamas , and the British Virgin Islands .
According to one filing in the case , Citibank not only decided what offshore entities to establish , but designated its own employees as officers , directors , and trustees .
Setting up and managing offshore accounts has become big business for major banks .
Federal Reserve officials call private banking a “ profit driver ” for many financial institutions , providing returns twice as high as other services .
In overseeing the Hank Rhon accounts , documents show , Citibank earned $ 3.2 million in fees in one year alone .
“ This is a huge piece of business for them , ” says Jack Blum , a Washington , DC attorney and an expert on offshore banking .
“ There are significant departments at most major banks that cater to this trade .
The business of hiding money offshore is one that most banks engage in . ”
Nowhere is the dazzling array of offshore banking services more evident than along the sunny streets of Nassau .
Financial services are now the second - largest industry in the Bahamas after tourism , accounting for 15 percent of the gross domestic product .
More than 400 banks from 36 countries are licensed to conduct business here — compared with only 154 banks chartered to do business in the state of New York , the world ’s financial center — and they hold a combined $ 220 billion in assets , ranking the Bahamas 13th among the world ’s top banking nations .
Thanks to the boom in offshore banking , Nassau ’s downtown financial district looks positively First World with its gaudy mix of Cartier and McDonald ’s , Gucci and Planet Hollywood .
Little of the wealth has trickled down to the majority of residents , however , in a country where the richest fifth of the population earns nearly half of all household income .
A few miles beyond the center of town , modern shops and offices give way to wooden shacks and ugly concrete - block apartment buildings .
The government heavily promotes the Bahamas as an attractive offshore haven .
The country ’s official Web site boasts that there ’s “ no better [ place ] for your financial investments ” and urges interested parties to contact the Bahamian Investment Authority , which operates out of the prime minister ’s office and is designed to “ cut red tape and lay out the red carpet ” for investors .
As a tax haven , the Bahamas is made to order .
English is the mother tongue — a former British colony , the Bahamas gained independence in 1973 — and six international airports serve the islands .
Nassau lies just 180 miles east of Miami , and the US dollar exchanges at par with the Bahamian dollar and is accepted everywhere as legal tender .
The Bahamas has refused to sign any international tax treaty that would require it to share information with other countries , and its strict bank secrecy laws extend to attorneys , consultants , and other professionals in the financial sector .
For money launderers and tax cheats , the International Business Companies — first created in 1989 — are the Bahamas ’ most alluring feature .
A tourist guidebook I pick up at my hotel boasts that 80,000 IBCs have been created here , but that figure is already long out - of - date .
When I drop by the Registrar General ’s office , an official tells me that IBCs now number more than 110,000 .
I watch as 10 employees tend to a long line of customers — mostly young men and women working for local attorneys and banks — who are requesting information and filing IBC paperwork .
Incorporation papers filed in baby blue folders are scattered about in boxes and piled atop desks .
To test the confidentiality of IBCs , I pick the name of a company at random from a logbook kept at the front counter and pay $ 10 to review its file .
All I find for Meridian Holdings International are its memorandum and articles of association , boilerplate documents stating , among other things , that the company ’s purpose is “ to engage in any act or activity that is not prohibited under any law for the time being in force in The Commonwealth of The Bahamas . ”
Meridian ’s registered agent is a local attorney named Arnold A. Forbes , whose firm has been paid to set up the IBC for its anonymous owner .
Forbes ’ business address also serves as Meridian ’s registered office and two of his employees , Sean Ferguson and Acquilla Rolle , have signed the IBC ’s articles of association .
No other names associated with Meridian are found in the few dozen pages available for public review .
Any law enforcement agency that hopes to discover who owns Meridian Holdings will very quickly run into a brick wall .
Before leaving the Registrar General ’s office , I pick up a government handbook explaining the ABCs of IBCs and a handy list of local attorneys and agents who can help me set up an offshore account .
There are dozens of firms to pick from , ranging from well - known giants like Citibank and Chase Manhattan to small firms run by local entrepreneurs .
The former prove to be relatively discreet .
The secretary at Chase Manhattan ’s local branch tells me to contact its New York or Miami offices to discuss private banking services .
At Citibank , an official provides a fact sheet on opening an account with its local office in the name of an IBC .
The requirements are not terribly stringent , but I need to submit a letter stating my reason for opening the account and provide information about the source of my income .
Citibank will not open an account via the mail or Internet , and a bank officer must personally interview all applicants .
Since even a cursory investigation of my finances would quickly reveal that the NASDAQ riches I am so anxious to hide from the IRS are entirely nonexistent , I am nervous about consulting local firms .
Will they run a background check before agreeing to meet ?
Will they ask to see a bank statement or other evidence of my finances ?
My fears prove baseless .
When I apologize for dropping in unannounced at Alliance Investment Management , one of about a score of offshore firms at Beaumont House on Bay Street , company president Andre White reassures me .
“ It happens all the time , ” he says , escorting me into his comfortable private office .
I ask how simple it would be to create an IBC .
“ It ’s the easiest thing in the world , ” he replies , promising that everything can be taken care of within 48 hours .
And what about creditors back home ?
I ask , hinting at a darker motive for moving my funds offshore .
Might they get their hands on my Bahamian funds ?
“ They can forget about it , ” White says confidently .
I also drop by the offices of Offshore Managers Limited , another firm located at Beaumont House .
Offshore ’s mission , states its corporate brochure , “ is to provide the highest standard of professional services to persons wishing to avail themselves of a ‘ tax - free ’ paradise . ”
And if the Bahamas does n’t suit a client ’s fancy , the company can also incorporate shell corporations in the Cayman Islands , Liberia , Panama , and other havens .
Elizabeth Smith , president of Offshore , is as eager to answer my questions as White .
Using a check drawn on a US bank to open my offshore account would defeat the purpose of confidentiality , I tell her .
Could I bring cash in ?
“ That ’s the best way , ” she says enthusiastically , adding that the Bahamas places no limit on the amount of foreign currency visitors can bring into the country .
Smith gives me a service agreement to review and urges me to return it promptly so that Offshore can incorporate my IBC .
ITI Management Limited , located in a storefront across the street from a Dunkin ’ Donuts , offers the broadest range of services to those eager to hide their money .
I stop by at 10 a.m. , shortly after the office opens , and find two police constables in smart red-and - black uniforms lounging on a sofa in the reception area .
After a brief wait , the secretary , accompanied by a yapping terrier , escorts me to a woman named Renee Lockhart .
For a fee of as little as $ 3,500 annually , Lockhart tells me , ITI offers a “ fully managed ” offshore account , which includes creating a local IBC and staffing it with nominee directors .
For an added layer of protection , she urges me to create a second IBC in nearby St. Vincent , another tiny tax haven , which would be made the legal owner of my Bahamian IBC .
The fully managed account also comes with a bank account in the name of the IBC .
ITI had recently chartered its very own bank in St. Vincent for that purpose , but it was not yet fully up and running .
In the meantime , Lockhart suggests I set up my account at Suisse Security Bank & Trust , a name that conjures up images of solid Swiss bankers but is in fact a firm chartered in the Bahamas .
Suisse ’s glossy catalog promises to “ shelter … personal finances from the prying eyes of intrusive governments and bureaucrats . ”
The brochure states forthrightly that failure to declare ownership of an offshore account on tax returns amounts to tax evasion , but says that Bahamian bank secrecy laws make it “ feasible to simply ignore the question and not declare an interest . ”
The Bahamian courts could conceivably waive secrecy if a foreign government made a direct appeal , but that ’s a remote prospect .
“ Many people are prepared to accept this risk , ” says the catalog .
“ Others are less comfortable with the idea . ”
Yet another feature provided to top - of - the - line ITI clients is a gold MasterCard that “ provides cardholders with safe and discreet , swipe and ATM connections to a proven offshore fund from anywhere in the world . ”
The “ infiniti Platinum Global Axxess MasterCard , ” which comes with a $ 25,000 credit line , would enable me to deposit additional funds directly into my account .
That way I could withdraw my stashed funds from anywhere in the world and leave , as Lockhart puts it , “ no paper trail . ”
Lockhart offers plenty of other tips about hiding the paper trail , including a means of transferring my money offshore .
Her advice : first funnel my money to my attorney or a trusted colleague .
That person would in turn send it to a bank account controlled by ITI , from where it would be transferred to my anonymously owned IBC or to my Suisse Security account .
“ All you have to do is call me and say , ‘ Renee , I have a transfer coming in , ' ” Lockhart tells me .
“ I ’ll take care of everything from there . ”
During my brief stay in the Bahamas , the local newspapers carried daily stories about First World nations exerting increasing pressure on the country to ease its bank secrecy laws and crack down on IBCs .
In June , a money laundering task force put together by the G - 7 consortium of seven industrialized democracies placed the Bahamas and 14 other countries on a blacklist of nations that are complicit in money laundering and warned that they would be hit with sanctions if they did n’t change their laws .
In July , the US Treasury Department issued a warning to American financial institutions to carefully monitor transactions with countries on the list .
Last summer , a bill that would bar foreign financial institutions engaged in money laundering from doing business with US banks passed the House Banking and Financial Services Committee .
The measure would also require US banks to disclose the identities of account holders to federal investigators .
But even those pushing for reform acknowledge how difficult it will be to stop the flight of money abroad .
“ No sooner does one jurisdiction commit itself to meaningful countermeasures against money laundering than another pops up in some other corner of the globe to service the business flushed out of the first locale , ” said Rep. James Leach ( R - Iowa ) , chairman of the committee and sponsor of the bill .
But while federal officials are quick to denounce money laundering , the IRS has done almost nothing to ferret out offshore tax cheats .
“ The IRS has known about this problem forever , ” says one insider familiar with the agency .
“ At the rate they ’re going , the whole tax base will be gone before they do anything about it . ”
Tax specialists say the government is reluctant to go after wealthy Americans with offshore accounts because many of them enjoy significant economic and political clout .
In addition , the IRS has been demonized by Republicans on Capitol Hill , hampering its enforcement efforts .
Phil Gramm of Texas , chairman of the Senate Banking Committee , has blocked the bill requiring banks to fully disclose their offshore customers and has denounced other attempts at regulation .
“ Hardworking Americans do not deserve this invasion of their private lives , ” Gramm wrote to Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan last year .
Such words provide comfort to those in the business of hiding money for wealthy clients .
When I ask Honess at Jerome E. Pyfrom & Co. if he fears a crackdown by the Bahamian government , he remains sanguine .
At worst , he predicts , the parliament will make token concessions , such as requiring disclosure of IBC shareholders .
Like other offshore firms , Pyfrom & Co is prepared for such an eventuality .
It has created a company called Altus Limited to serve as the “ shareholder ” for its clients ’
IBCs .
Altus is fully controlled by Pyfrom & Co. , but its service contract states explicitly that it will make no claim to my IBC ’s assets and will faithfully follow instructions from the corporation ’s true owner — me .
“ This way , if anyone finds out who the shareholders are , it wo n’t do them any good , ” Honess says with a laugh .
For now , he adds , business could n’t be better .
Demand for new IBCs is so great that Honess has taken to reserving corporate names at the Registrar General so that new clients do n’t suffer needless delay in setting up their accounts .
The only problem , Honess reveals , is that all the obvious names are taken .
Before arriving in the Bahamas , I had requested via the Internet that Pyfrom & Co. reserve the name of March Ltd. for my IBC .
When Honess submitted the necessary paperwork , the Registrar General informed him that the name was already being used by another local company , as were March Investments Ltd. and March Holdings Ltd.
Gone , too , are the other months of the year , as well as names of well - known Bahamian flowers and birds .
Honess is now resorting to selecting IBC names at random .
As I sit in his office , he walks over to a small bookshelf , picks out an encyclopedia , and flips through the pages .
“ Here ’s one that worked , ” he says , pointing to the word Danegeld — the name of an ancient tax levied by the British crown to finance protection from Danish invasion .
“ I sent that one this morning and was told that it ’s available .
Perhaps it will work for you . ”
" Our society is run by insane people for insane objectives .
I think we 're being run by maniacs for maniacal ends and I think I 'm liable to be put away as insane for expressing that .
That 's what 's insane about it . " ­ John Lennon , before his murder by CIA mind - control subject Mark David Chapman .
When Gandhi was asked his opinion of Western civilization he said it would be a good idea .
But that oft - cited quote , is misleading , assuming as it does that civilization is an unmitigated blessing . .
Civilized people , we are told , live peacefully and cooperatively with their fellows , sharing the necessary labour in order to obtain the leisure to develop arts and sciences .
And while that would be a good idea , it is not a good description of what has been going on in the so - called advanced cultures during the past 8,000 years . .
Civilization , as we know it , is largely the creation of psychopaths .
All civilizations , our own included , have been based on slavery and " warfare . "
Incidentally , the latter term is a euphemism for mass murder . .
The prevailing recipe for civilization is simple : .
1 ) Use lies and brainwashing to create an army of controlled , systematic mass murderers ; .
2 ) Use that army to enslave large numbers of people ( i.e. seize control of their labour power and its fruits ) ; .
3 ) Use that slave labour power to improve the brainwashing process ( by using the economic surplus to employ scribes , priests , and PR men ) .
Then go back to step one and repeat the process . .
Psychopaths have played a disproportionate role in the development of civilization , because they are hard - wired to lie , kill , injure , and generally inflict great suffering on other humans without feeling any remorse .
The inventor of civilization - the first tribal chieftain who successfully brainwashed an army of controlled mass murderers - was almost certainly a genetic psychopath .
Since that momentous discovery , psychopaths have enjoyed a significant advantage over non- psychopaths in the struggle for power in civilizational hierarchies - especially military hierarchies . .
Military institutions are tailor - made for psychopathic killers .
The 5 % or so of human males who feel no remorse about killing their fellow human beings make the best soldiers .
And the 95 % who are extremely reluctant to kill make terrible soldiers - unless they are brainwashed with highly sophisticated modern techniques that turn them ( temporarily it is hoped ) into functional psychopaths .
. In On Killing , Lt. Col .
Dave Grossman has re-written military history , to highlight what other histories hide :
The fact that military science is less about strategy and technology , than about overcoming the instinctive human reluctance to kill members of our own species .
The true " Revolution in Military Affairs " was not Donald Rumsfeld 's move to high - tech in 2001 , but Brigadier Gen. S.L.A.
Marshall 's discovery in the 1940s that only 15 - 20 % of World War II soldiers along the line of fire would use their weapons : " Those ( 80 - 85 % ) who did not fire did not run or hide ( in many cases they were willing to risk great danger to rescue comrades , get ammunition , or run messages ) , but they simply would not fire their weapons at the enemy , even when faced with repeated waves of banzai charges " ( Grossman , p. 4 ) . .
Marshall 's discovery and subsequent research , proved that in all previous wars , a tiny minority of soldiers - the 5 % who are natural - born psychopaths , and perhaps a few temporarily - insane imitators - did almost all the killing .
Normal men just went through the motions and , if at all possible , refused to take the life of an enemy soldier , even if that meant giving up their own .
The implication : Wars are ritualized mass murders by psychopaths of non-psychopaths .
( This can not be good for humanity 's genetic endowment ! ) .
Marshall 's work , brought a Copernican revolution to military science .
In the past , everyone believed that the soldier willing to kill for his country was the ( heroic ) norm , while one who refused to fight was a ( cowardly ) aberration .
The truth , as it turned out , was that the normative soldier hailed from the psychopathic five percent .
The sane majority , would rather die than fight .
. .
The implication , too frightening for even the likes of Marshall and Grossman to fully digest , was that the norms for soldiers ' behaviour in battle had been set by psychopaths .
That meant that psychopaths were in control of the military as an institution .
Worse , it meant that psychopaths were in control of society 's perception of military affairs .
Evidently , psychopaths exercised an enormous amount of power in seemingly sane , normal society .
.
How could that be ?
In Political Ponerology , Andrzej Lobaczewski explains that clinical psychopaths enjoy advantages even in non- violent competitions to climb the ranks of social hierarchies .
Because they can lie without remorse ( and without the telltale physiological stress that is measured by lie detector tests ) psychopaths can always say whatever is necessary to get what they want .
In court , for example , psychopaths can tell extreme bald - faced lies in a plausible manner , while their sane opponents are handicapped by an emotional predisposition to remain within hailing distance of the truth .
Too often , the judge or jury imagines that the truth must be somewhere in the middle , and then issues decisions that benefit the psychopath .
As with judges and juries , so too with those charged with decisions concerning who to promote and who not to promote in corporate , military and governmental hierarchies .
The result is that all hierarchies inevitably become top - heavy with psychopaths .
So - called conspiracy theorists , some of whom deserve the pejorative connotation of that much - abused term , often imagine that secret societies of Jews , Jesuits , bankers , communists , Bilderbergers , Muslim extremists , papists , and so on , are secretly controlling history , doing dastardly deeds , and / or threatening to take over the world .
As a leading " conspiracy theorist " according to Wikipedia , I feel eminently qualified to offer an alternative conspiracy theory which , like the alternative conspiracy theory of 9/11 , is both simpler and more accurate than the prevailing wisdom :
The only conspiracy that matters is the conspiracy of the psychopaths against the rest of us .
.. .
Behind the apparent insanity of contemporary history , is the actual insanity of psychopaths fighting to preserve their disproportionate power .
And as that power grows ever - more - threatened , the psychopaths grow ever - more - desperate .
We are witnessing the apotheosis of the overworld - the criminal syndicate or overlapping set of syndicates that lurks above ordinary society and law just as the underworld lurks below it .
In 9/11 and the 9/11 wars , we are seeing the final desperate power - grab or " endgame " ( Alex Jones ) of brutal , cunning gangs of CIA drug- runners and President - killers ; money - laundering international bankers and their hit - men , economic and otherwise ; corrupt military contractors and gung - ho generals ; corporate predators and their political enablers ; brainwashers and mind - rapists euphemistically known as psy- ops experts and PR specialists - in short , the whole sick crew of certifiable psychopaths running our so- called civilization .
And they are running scared .
It was their terror of losing control that they projected onto the rest of us by blowing up the Twin Towers and inciting temporary psychopathic terror - rage in the American public . .
Why does the pathocracy fear it is losing control ?
Because it is threatened by the spread of knowledge .
The greatest fear of any psychopath is of being found out .
As George H. W. Bush said to journalist Sarah McClendon , December 1992 , " If the people knew what we had done , they would chase us down the street and lynch us . "
Given that Bush is reported to have participated in parties where child prostitutes were sodomized and otherwise abused , among his many other crimes , his statement to McClendon should be taken seriously .. .
Psychopaths go through life knowing that they are completely different from other people .
They quickly learn to hide their lack of empathy , while carefully studying others ' emotions so as to mimic normalcy while cold - bloodedly manipulating the normals . .
Today , thanks to new information technologies , we are on the brink of unmasking the psychopaths and building a civilization of , by and for the normal human being - a civilization without war , a civilization based on truth , a civilization in which the saintly few rather than the diabolical few would gravitate to positions of power .
We already have the knowledge necessary to diagnose psychopathic personalities and keep them out of power .
We have the knowledge necessary to dismantle the institutions in which psychopaths especially flourish - militaries , intelligence agencies , large corporations , and secret societies .
We simply need to disseminate this knowledge , and the will to use it , as widely as possible .
. .
Above all , we need to inform the public about how psychopaths co-opt and corrupt normal human beings .
One way they do this , is by manipulating shame and denial - emotions foreign to psychopaths but common and easily - induced among normals . .
Consider how gangs and secret societies ( psychopaths ' guilds in disguise ) recruit new members .
Some criminal gangs and satanist covens demand that candidates for admission commit a murder to " earn their stripes . "
Skull and Bones , the Yale - based secret society that supplies the CIA with drug- runners , mind - rapists , child abusers and professional killers , requires neophytes to lie naked in a coffin and masturbate in front of older members while reciting the candidate 's entire sexual history .
By forcing the neophyte to engage in ritualized behaviour that would be horrendously shameful in normal society , the psychopaths ' guild destroys the candidate 's normal personality , assuming he had one in the first place , and turns the individual into a co-opted , corrupt , degraded shadow of his former self - a manufactured psychopath or psychopath 's apprentice . .
This manipulation of shame has the added benefit of making psychopathic organizations effectively invisible to normal society .
Despite easily available media reports , American voters in 2004 simply refused to see that the two major - party presidential candidates had lain naked in a coffin masturbating in front of older Bonesmen in order to gain admission to Skull and Bones and thus become members of the criminal overworld .
Likewise , many Americans have long refused to see that hawkish elements of the overworld , operating through the CIA , had obviously been the murderers of JFK , MLK , RFK , JFK Jr. , Malcolm X , ChÈ , AllendÈ , Wellstone , Lumumba , Aguilera , Diem , and countless other relatively non-psychopathic leaders .
They refuse to see the continuing murders of millions of people around the world in what amounts to an American holocaust .
They refuse to see the evidence that the psychopaths ' guilds running America 's most powerful institutions use the most horrific forms of sexualized abuse imaginable to induce multiple - personality - disorder in child victims , then use the resulting mind - control slaves as disposable drug- runners , prostitutes , Manchurian candidates , and even diplomatic envoys .
And of course they refuse to see that 9/11 was a transparently obvious inside job , and that their own psychopath - dominated military - intelligence apparatus is behind almost every major terrorist outrage of recent decades . .
All of this psychopathic behaviour at the top of the social hierarchy is simply too shameful for ordinary people to see , so they avert their gaze , just as wives of husbands who are sexually abusing their children sometimes refuse to see what is happening in plain view .
If deep , deep denial were a river in Egypt , American citizens ' wilful blindness would be more like the Marianas Trench . .
But thanks to the power of the internet , people everywhere are waking up .
The only obvious non-psychopath among Republican presidential candidates , Ron Paul , also happens to be the only candidate in either party with significant grassroots support . .
If " love " is embedded in the Revolution Ron Paul heralds , that is because Dr. Paul - a kindly , soft - spoken physician who has delivered more than 4,000 babies - implicitly recognizes that government is the invention and tool of psychopaths , and therefore must be strictly limited in scope and subjected to a rigorous system of checks and balances , lest the psychopath 's tools , fear and hatred , replace love as the glue that binds society together . .
The decline in militarism since World War II in advanced countries , the spread of literacy and communications technology , and the people 's growing demands for a better life , together represent a gathering force that terrifies the pathocracy , ( those alternately competing - then - cooperating gangs of psychopaths who have ruled through lies , fear and intimidation since the dawn of so - called civilization ) . .
Since nuclear weapons have made war obsolete , the pathocracy is terrified that its favourite social control mechanism - ritualized mass slaughter - is increasingly unavailable .
And if war was the great human tragedy , the pathocrats ' pathetic attempt at a war - substitute - the transparently phoney " war on terror " - is repeating it as sheerest farce .
Dr. Kevin Barrett
About the writer : Dr. Kevin Barrett , co-founder of the Muslim - Christian - Jewish Alliance for 9/11 Truth , LINK , has taught English , French , Arabic , American Civilization , Humanities , African Literature , Folklore , and Islam at colleges and universities in the San Francisco Bay area , Paris , and Madison , Wisconsin .
Barrett became a 9/11 truth activist in 2004 after reading David Griffin's The New Pearl Harbor and conducting follow - up research that convinced him Griffin had accurately summarized evidence indicating 9/11 was an inside job . .
In the summer of 2006 , Republican state legislators and Fox newscasters demanded that Barrett be fired from his job teaching an introductory Islam class at the University of Wisconsin - Madison , but the University refused to buckle , and Barrett got high marks from his students .
He has appeared in several documentary films , lectures widely on 9/11 and hosts three radio programs on three different patriot networks .
. . Copyright © 2007 The Canadian .
All rights reserved .
I came upon a wonderful story about a worldwide effort to bring internet access to people across the globe , despite hurdles such as no connectivity , no phone service and no electricity .
SolarNetOne is a collaborative effort spanning several continents , organizations , and technical disciplines .
The goal of the effort is to develop a feasible , sustainable solution to bring the internet to places that have no connectivity , no phone service and no electricity .
Developed by Florida based GNUveau , the system is a solar - powered Internet “ hub ” ( running Ubuntu GNU / Linux ) .
The terminals includes access to web browsing , email , voip , office , multimedia , software development and web development tools as well as 15,000 other applications .
Wifi coverage spans a 2 - mile radius , with no fuel costs , no polluting emissions and a long lifespan of up to 20 years with proper maintenance .
The entire system , in fact , operates on about the same amount of power as a 100 - watt light bulb , GNUveau says .
Scott Johnson , founder of GNUveau :
With experts in open source software , photo- voltaic electricity , internet infrastructure , and true internet pioneers on the SolarNetOne team , we have endeavored to design and implement systems capable of bridging the digital divide under the most difficult of conditions , and in the most open method available .
On the wiki , you can see the system running in Katsina State University in Nigeria right now , providing wireless connectivity and “ Internet Cafe ” like services to hundreds of people .
Read next : New form of Guerilla Marketing : " Reply All Advertising "
TALKED WITH PUTIN
Suga left with little to work with on Northern Territories issue
Prime Minister Yoshihide Suga continued his diplomatic phone blitz on Sept. 29 to become better acquainted with world leaders .
The blogosphere is buzzing with Sarah Palin on SNL , hot Sarah Palin costumes , Palin Pumpkins and of course the Amy Poehler / Sarah Palin rap on Saturday Night Live .
Basically , the world has become obsessed with ANYTHING Sarah Palin , except her politics .
Snap .
Over the last few months , nearly TWO MILLION views at Trend Hunter have been directed at Sarah Palin SNL videos , pictures , bio , beauty pageant photos , vogue photos , action figures and her Kawasaki 704 glasses .
Wow .
Accordingly , we ’d love to bring you a different topic , but it ’s time to pay homage to Sarah Palin before she either : a ) fades away ; b ) gets elected ; or c ) decides to work full time performing the Sarah Palin rap on Saturday Night Live .
It seems that something ’s gotten into me recently and I keep writing about Capitalism - related subjects .
I do n’t know if this is triggered by the ongoing world - crisis or my late frictions with Libertarians but I guess it ’s one of those things that needs to run its course .
There ’s one thing that Capitalism does very well and that is to exploit resources and when those are running low , find something to replace them due to supply and demand .
Thus when there is a demand for energy , capitalism will open opportunities for people to provide that energy .
There is however a fatal flaw in the procedure .
The flaw is not fatal for Capitalism but unfortunately for the whole world .
You see , Capitalists are extremely short sighted by necessity .
If a Capitalist does not seek to maximize profits , they will not have enough money for reinvestment and thus their competitors will overcome them .
It ’s a dog - eat - dog situation where you can be zero from hero in a short amount of time .
Capitalist Apologists will explain then that this is ultimately good for the consumer as this constant competition drives costs down and we all gain .
But what they do not mention , is that this need to outdo your competitors by reducing costs does ultimately more harm than good .
Because one needs the maximum amount of short term profit , the consideration is always on using the technology and knowledge already available in order to cut down costs .
Research & Development is not only expensive but also a risky endeavour which is why it is undertaken only when current costs are rising too high in the previous business model .
This is all well and good theoreticaly , but practically it is slow enough to create very real problems for everyone .
Take for example oil .
Until now , it has been the most valuable resource on Earth and it ’s abundancy meant that there was enough supply to make it the number one choice for the Energy Capitalist .
However Oil creates quite a few problems , the main ones of which are that it destroys the environment through global warming and that it funds and supports fanatics ( religious or not ) .
In the long term , for the benefit of the whole humanity , it is far more beneficial to move away towards energy independence and clean energy sources .
On the contrary , staying on oil means that the problems we have already increase at an exponential rate .
Because however the Capitalist is absolutely blind to the long term future –by necessity - they will keep using oil until other factors make it impossible to continue doing so .
Only then will the capitalist seek to develop clean energy sources .
But by then , it will be too late .
What use will clean energy be when the whole planet is in the process of meltdown with billions of people dying ?
Capitalism cannot foresee this .
it can only see the short term profit .
And that ’s not all .
Not only is the Capitalist unaware of the damage he is doing for the long term , but he will seek to silence and muddle the waters to his benefit for as long as possible for his continued existence depends on him doing so .
There is a very specific reason why Capitalists are the biggest deniers of Global Warming .
And this applies mostly to unregulated capitalism , completely free from Government intervention or assistance .
The only reason companies are doing R&D now , which is a totally long - term strategy , is because they know the Government will protect them with artificial scarcity laws ( AKA : intellectual Property ) .
The Government has enough disconnection from profits to be able to see the coming events and attempt to steer the rudder away from turbulent waters .
This is the reason R&D is very often subsidized in order to promote it or environmental ( and not only ) policies are made mandatory .
I am no fan of the State control , but I recognise that an unregulated Capitalism is a recipe for disaster .
It will stimulate tremendous “ economic ” and productive growth until , like a bacterium which found ample room to grow and expand , it will end up killing its host and thus itself and all it has achieved .
If we had an environment with unlimited resources , Capitalism would have been a passable choice .
If we had achieved unlimited energy production or space exploration enough to allow us to mine other planets , then this might have been possible ( and even then regulation for not destroying the Earth ecosystem would still be necessary ) .
But we are limited and are very close , or have even passed our limits .
We recognise this , because we can see further than next quarter ’s profits but they cannot .
To give you another metaphor :
If Humanity is a train and we let Capitalism steer the wheel , all they will be able to see is the straight tracks in the next ten meters ahead and keep accelerating .
They will fail to see the sharp turn 1 kilometer away , until it ’s too late to slow down anymore .
It will not be any consolation to anyone that we managed to break the speed of sound as we go over the cliff .
We still wo n’t be able to fly …
Spread the love : Email
Reddit
More
Facebook
Twitter
WhatsApp
Tumblr
これって、ある意味、オープンソースプロジェクトの凄みが見えてくるすごく衝撃的なニュースです。そこで、なるべく、IT業界に関係ない人にもわかるように、このニュースの意味をいくつかの側面から考えてみたいと思います。
直接の勝者は周辺の開発者、そしてそれがユーザに波及する
で、この「合流」によって、誰が一番得をすることになるかと言えば、プラグイン等の拡張機能を開発している開発者です。 たとえば、VHS対ベータのビデオ規格戦争が起きている時に、テープやヘッドといった部品を作っている会社は苦労が多かったと思います。二つの規格それぞれに合わせた部品を作る必要があって、設計にしろ製造にしろ、二倍とは言わないまでも余分な手間がかかっていたでしょう。
もし、合流せずにこのままMerbが伸びていき、RailsとMerbが並立するような状況になったら、そうなっていたと思われます。
「 Web用アプリケーションフレームワーク」というソフトは、それ単体ではあまり意味がありません。誰にでも必要な汎用的な機能はコアとして実装されますが、「誰もが必要とするわけではないけど、意外と欲しがる人が多い機能」が無数にあり、その部分はプラグイン等の部品として開発されます。
この部品がたくさんあって、ユーザ(アプリケーションの開発者)が自分の必要な部品を組合せて効率的に開発できることが、フレームワークを使うメリットです。
MerbとRailsは、ユーザから見ると似ている所が多いのですが、部品の開発者から見るとかなりの違いがあります。
二つの規格があって、誰もがRails用プラグインとMerb用プラグインの二つを開発しなくてはいけないという悩みが、「合流」によって、一つでよくなります。 そして、RailsとMerbには、それぞれ長所短所があるのですが、部品の規格としては明らかにMerbの方が優れていました。
部品の開発者から見ると、合流しただけでもありがたいのですが、規格として優れているけどマイナーなMerbの規格をベースに規格が整備されていくことになる、ということが特に嬉しいわけです。
コア開発者/部品開発者/ユーザという三層で分けて考えると、「合流」によって一番楽をするのが部品開発者です。コア開発者はむしろ、単独で開発を継続していた方が楽です。「合流」でむしろ難しい課題をたくさん抱えこむことになるでしょう。
ユーザにとっては互換性の問題でデメリットもありますが、部品が整備され充実することで受けるメリットの方が大きいでしょう。
これは、コミュニティの運営で起こりがちなジレンマに似た問題と言えるかもしれません。
どんなコミュニティにも、運営側やそれと近い立場のコアのメンバーと、完全に「お客さん」として外から参加するメンバーがいます。
その中間に、ある程度熱心に参加するけど、他にも別のコミュニティに所属している中間的なメンバーがいます。ちょうど部品開発者に相当する層です。
この層が活発に活動しているかどうかが、コミュニティにとって重要だと思います。
しかし、コミュニティにとって重要な決断をするのはコアメンバーであって、この人たちが、「部品開発者」の立場をどれだけ考慮できるかが、重要なポイントです。
企業に置き換えると、社員の利害とサードパーティの利害の関係。
かって、マイクロソフトはWindowsやVisualBasicの開発において、サードパーティの動向に敏感な会社でした。今のiPhoneも、同じ傾向があると思います。
サードパーティが集まって切磋琢磨すると、コアの優劣が問題でないくらいに、ユーザにとってのトータルなメリットが高くなります。サードパーティは、特定の狭い分野においてユーザが何を求めているか徹底的に追求して、その点で競いあうからです。いわゆる、「かゆい所に手が届く製品」になるわけです。
Merbベースの次期Railsも、そういうフレームワークとなっていくと思います。
これは、社員(=コアメンバー)の力だけではできません。どうやって「部品開発者」を動員するかがポイントとなります。
リーダーが本当にリーダーにしかできない仕事をする この「合流」を仕掛けることができるには、RailsプロジェクトのリーダーであるDHH以外にはいません。
Railsプロジェクトは多士済々で、凄いプログラマーをたくさん集めていますから、DHHがいないと進まない所はあまりないと思います。個々のプログラミングだけでなく、ロードマップの作成といった長期計画についても、DHHと同等レベルの人はたくさんいるでしょう。
しかし、こういうラディカルな方向転換を行なえる人は他にはいません。他の人がやったら、ついて来る人がいなくて、プロジェクトが分裂してしまうと思います。 特に、Merbの開発チームを説得する仕事は難しかったと思います。
Merbの開発は、もともとRailsというビッグな存在を前提にして始まったプロジェクトですから、自分たちがマイナーであることは気にしてないと思います。だから、「あの有名なRailsの開発に加わる」とか「あのDHHと一緒に開発する」ということは、Merbの開発チームのメンバーには意味がありません。
Merbは、ある部分ではRailsのコピーと言ってもいいくらい猿真似をしていますが、ある部分ではRailsを反面教師として、正反対の設計思想を採用しています。「RailsであってRailsでない」というのがMerbのアイデンティティです。 だから、「合流 」 はMerbのアイデンティティを無意味にする側面があります。実際、「MerbがMerbでなくなるのではないか」と心配している既存Merbユーザも多いようです。 それで、DHHはどうやって説得したか。 Merb開発者のブログを見ると、どうやら、ひたすら「Merbは素晴しい」と褒めまくったようです。
これは、単なるお世辞ではなくて、冷静に事実を認めたということです。
Railsは、未開の地を手探りで切り開いていったので、紆余曲折や歴史的な事情から内部が非常に複雑になっています。Merbは、いい所も悪い所もRailsという先行するソフトを参考にして設計されていますから、明確にRailsより優れている部分があります。
Merbチームとの話し合いの中で、おそらくDHHは客観的にMerbの優れている所を順番に指摘した上で、「だから、次のRailsはMerbをベースにしたい」と言ったのではないかと、私は想像しています。
技術的なポイントをきちんと押さえて、冷静にそう言われたら、Merbチームは納得するしかなかった、そんな感じではないでしょうか。 両者の比較をできる人はたくさんいますが、それを理由に「合流」を説得できる人はDHHしかいません。 また、オープンソースのプログラマー同士は、互いに相手のコードを読むことで、相手を相当理解することができます。RailsとMerbは、相手のコードを相当研究しているはずですから、コードを通して理解するという暗黙のコミュニケーションが背景にあると思われます。それも重要な要素かもしれません。
いずれにせよ、「リーダーはリーダーにしかできないことすべきである」という教訓の典型的なケースになるでしょう。
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The Bush administration said on Friday it could be willing to provide emergency aid to the teetering U.S. auto industry , keeping open the prospects for a bailout the day after Congress failed to approve a deal .
Warning of dire consequences for the recession - hit U.S. economy if the once - mighty automakers collapsed , the White House -- in a reversal of policy -- said it was ready to consider dipping into a $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout fund to help keep the companies afloat .
“ The current weakened state of the economy is such that it could not withstand a body blow like a disorderly bankruptcy in the auto industry , ” White House spokeswoman Dana Perino said .
Democratic leaders and the main U.S. auto workers union appealed to Bush ’s Republican administration -- now in its final weeks before turning over to Democratic President - elect Barack Obama -- to provide emergency funds after a Senate deal to save Detroit ’s Big Three collapsed in acrimony late on Thursday .
The failure of the $ 14 billion bailout plan in Congress sent markets reeling around the world .
Shares in Toyota Motor Corp , the world ’s biggest carmaker , lost a tenth of their value , and European automakers also closed sharply lower .
But signs that the White House and U.S. Treasury Department might mount a last - ditch effort to help the carmakers buoyed Wall Street .
Analysts say that without quick help , two of the country ’s major car manufacturers -- General Motors Corp and Chrysler LLC -- could face bankruptcy .
Ford is in slightly better financial shape but says it needs a major line of credit .
Polls show Americans split on bailing out the U.S. automakers , a highly visible troubled sector in a country grappling with recession .
The auto companies say one in 10 jobs in the United States are linked to their industry .
But the companies are widely criticized for fighting tougher fuel efficiency standards and poor model designs that have left them with products losing popularity with consumers .
In response to the company ’s many struggles , GM said it would cut its first - quarter North American production by 60 percent .
President George W. Bush can ill afford the failure of one or more of the automakers as he prepares to leave office on January 20 with a presidential legacy already battered by the grim economy and the unpopular war in Iraq .
Responding to the congressional impasse , the administration said it was considering tapping the Troubled Asset Relief Program ( TARP ) financial industry fund , whose use for an auto bailout it had earlier vowed to oppose .
“ Given the current weakened state of the U.S. economy , we will consider other options , if necessary including use of the TARP program , to prevent a collapse of troubled automakers , ” Perino said .
SPARE TARP MONEY
Democratic leaders welcomed signs that the White House wanted to throw the industry a lifeline , with Sen.
Chris Dodd telling reporters “ we still have an opportunity to do this and we have an obligation to try . ”
The Connecticut senator said if the White House showed leadership on the auto issue , Congress might be more willing to approve the second part of the $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout fund , only half of which has been released to the administration so far .
But options remain limited .
Of the $ 350 billion portion of the TARP that the Treasury is authorized to tap without returning to Congress , only $ 15 billion remains uncommitted .
Slideshow ( 31 images )
Treasury had pledged to pump $ 250 billion into banks , but so far has only disbursed $ 155.3 billion , with another $ 10 billion for Merrill Lynch on hold pending its merger with Bank of America .
Obama said he was disappointed at the failure to get the bill done and hoped the industry could get some temporary financing .
The new president may well have to deal with the troubled auto sector early in his administration .
Even if GM and Chrysler secure a last - ditch loan from the Bush administration , analysts see continued uncertainty ahead .
Both will be under intense pressure to cut new cost - saving deals with creditors and the main labor union at a time when U.S. auto sales are at their lowest level adjusted for population since World War Two .
A General Motors bankruptcy would deliver a huge punch to the economy and to the labor market .
Slideshow ( 31 images )
“ It would significantly intensify the recession , it would make it deeper and it could also prolong it , ” said Ward McCarthy , managing director at Stone & McCarthy Research Associates in Princeton , New Jersey .
The United Auto Workers blamed the failure of the congressional bailout plan on Senate Republicans who want more wage concessions from the union .
The UAW said it was now up to Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson to find a way to bail out GM and Chrysler , along with Ford Motor Co .
Thursday ’s deal fell apart over proposed wage concessions by the UAW , including the date at which the autoworkers ’ would accept pay parity with workers at foreign - owned U.S. auto plants .
The Democrats hold a majority in the Senate but needed Republican support for the proposal to succeed .
A GLOBAL ISSUE
GM agreed the bailout ’s rejection had made matters worse , though its German unit Opel was not affected .
Ford ’s Volvo unit likewise sought to reassure investors , saying it was focused on a $ 3.1 billion bailout presented by the Swedish government , which also still requires approval by lawmakers .
Opel has already sought funding guarantees from the German government to help weather the devastating downturn in auto markets .
As the German government reiterated that any funding for Opel was conditional on none of it finding its way back to GM , auto industry association VDA said it still held hopes the U.S. Senate would make a second attempt to agree a package .
The Senate ’s rejection was also felt by suppliers .
Finnish tire maker Nokian and Swedish airbag and seatbelt maker Autoliv cut their earnings guidance , and a source told Reuters parts manufacturer Continental might have to restructure its debt if the economy worsened .
The MLB Ballpark app is your mobile companion when visiting your favorite Major League Baseball ballparks .
The official MLB Ballpark application perfectly complements and personalizes your trip with digital ticketing functionality , mobile check - in , special offers , rewards and exclusive content .
" on the 5th day of Christmas my true love gave to me ... 5 lolcats "
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
Subscribe Posted by Guest Author on Dec 1 , 2008 in Japanese TV
What happens when you get two former Morning Musume ( モーニング娘 ) members to go punk and gothlolita ?
I ’d expect a merchandise bonanza for the boutique they represent . :
Here ’s a cute looking official interview with Ishikawa Rika and Yoshizawa Hitomi in their punkie regalia :
By the way we ’re half wondering if the band swiped their name from this new wave hit by Medium Medium in the 80s :
Nick Kent is a New York based artist who works with electronic media and is an occasional pop culture pundit .
Some German blogs have commented on the Feder & Schwert announcement to stop publishing the German translation of D&D 4E on January 1 , 2009 .
They say that they want to concentrate on Warhammer novels , Warhammer Fantasy Roleplay , and Warhammer 40 k .
Interesting .
Tags : RPG Publishing
Times are hard indeed when even Google , the undisputed leader in company perks , is cutting back .
But this is exactly what is happening at the mighty search company 's student campus - style headquarters in Silicon Valley and at offices around the world .
The freestyle corporate culture , which scatters scooters around the California Googleplex , offers volleyball courts and games rooms to staff , and plies them with free meals all day – plus a time - out for afternoon tea in some offices – is morphing into something more appropriate to these credit crisis - stricken times .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
And now , with the soaraway online advertising market threatening to stall , comes news that Google 's software engineers are going to get less time to spend on pet projects and are being told instead to hunker down and work on money - making tweaks to the core business .
Bosses are pulling the plug on Lively , a virtual reality game launched only a few months ago , and myriad experimental projects will also now not see the light of day .
Eric Schmidt , the chief executive brought in during Google 's early years to impose some corporate discipline on student founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin , says the company is cutting what he calls " dark matter " .
The leeway given to Google 's brilliant engineers is legend throughout the industry – and beyond , because it has given us Google Earth and other time - wasting strokes of genius .
The company has always allowed developers to spend 20 per cent of their time on personal projects , outside their formal work .
This is one of the main reasons that the company holds the coveted No 1 spot in Fortune magazine 's list of best companies to work for .
Its well - stocked canteens have already had their opening hours cut , to reduce staff costs , while employees have been told dinner is only for those working late , not for taking home .
In the Manhattan office , there was outrage last month at the axing of the regular Tuesday afternoon tea , even though managers here promised " occasional surprise ' snack attacks ' in the future " .
These are rare concessions to economic reality by a company that went public in 2004 warning potential shareholders that it would n't be concerned about quarterly earnings , like your typical corporation .
Instead it would focus on making the internet better , in the belief that it would eventually find ways to make money from its inventions .
Google 's ad revenues are still growing at a rate of one - third a year , but just three years ago they were doubling annually , and analysts are forecasting the online advertising market will be little better than flat this year .
Google makes effectively all its money selling ads next to its search results .
Engineers with a brainwave will not necessarily now be able to call on managers to hand him 20 other employees to develop it , as during the boom times , Mr Schmidt said in an interview with the Wall Street Journal yesterday .
" But when the cycle comes back , we will be able to fund his brilliant vision . "
.-
The Indiana affiliate of Planned Parenthood is offering gift certificates for birth control and other services , including abortion .
While an announcement of the program encourages customers to purchase the certificates to “ give the gift of health this holiday season , ” one critic characterized the effort as “ lethal . ”
Indiana Planned Parenthood is offering the certificates in $ 25 increments through its web site or at its 35 locations in the state .
Prospective customers are advised that the gift certificates could be used as co-pays in conjunction with partial insurance coverage .
“ Why not buy a loved one a gift this holiday season that they really need and one that will contribute to their health throughout the year ? "
Indiana Planned Parenthood President and CEO Betty Cockrum said in a statement on the state affiliate ’s web site .
“ The gift certificates are also a wonderful idea for that person in your life who puts everyone else first and has been putting off taking care of her or his own health .
Now , there ’s no excuse for those people in your life not to get the basic health care that they need . ”
The certificates may be used for breast exams and Pap smears , but may also be applied to defray the cost of an abortion , the Associated Press reports .
" I certainly do n't think anyone would consider giving it for that purpose , " Planned Parenthood of Indiana spokeswoman Kate Shepherd said .
Cockrum reported that Planned Parenthood in Indiana performs abortions on about 5,000 of the 92,000 patients it sees each year .
In Indiana the organization operates abortion clinics in Indianapolis , Merrillville and Bloomington .
Sister Diane Carollo , director of the Office for Pro-Life Ministry for the Catholic Archdiocese of Indianapolis , criticized the program .
" They deserve coal in their stocking , not money for lethal gift certificates , " she told the Associated Press .
Mike Fichter , president and CEO of Indiana Right to Life , was also critical .
“ The tragedy is that almost 6,000 fewer children will be celebrating a first Christmas this year because they were aborted in Planned Parenthood 's Indiana clinics , ” he remarked .
A CONSUMER watchdog has claimed Aer Lingus passengers are entitled to a full refund for fuel surcharges paid on upcoming long - haul flights despite the airline 's insistence they still apply .
Amid a growing clamour for refunds from irate travellers , Consumers Association of Ireland chairman Michael Kilcoyne said passengers who have not already used their tickets have a very strong case to make against the airline if it ignores its own ' Conditions of Carriage ' policy published on its website which appears to contradict the fuel surcharge policy .
Section 4.2 of the policy statement states : " Applicable taxes , fees and charges imposed by a government or other authority , or by the operator of an airport , shall be payable by you .
At the time you purchase your ticket , you will be advised of taxes , fees and charges not included in the fare , most of which will normally be shown separately on the ticket .
" Similarly , in the event of any taxes , fees or charges which you have paid to us at the time of ticket issuance are abolished or reduced such that they no longer apply to you , or a lesser amount is due , you will be entitled to claim a refund . "
The policy is part of the contract between the airline and the consumer and it clearly states passengers are entitled to a refund , Mr Kilcoyne told the Irish Independent last night .
" These people are entitled to a refund .
If they do n't , they should ring the National Consumer Agency ( NCA ) and the NCA should make a complaint to Aer Lingus , " he said .
The airline announced on Friday it is dropping its fuel surcharges on all long - haul flights booked from December 12 onwards .
However , the airline said it would not refund the surcharge on future flights booked prior to December 12 .
Complaint
In one complaint yesterday , a man who paid €950 in fuel surcharges for a flight he booked in August to Florida with his wife and three children asked if he would get a refund if he rebooked the flight ; he was told no , because he had agreed to the terms and conditions of his original booking and " agreed to no refund on fuel surcharges " .
Aer Lingus said in a statement last night : " Aer Lingus 's terms and conditions provide that changes in taxes , fees or charges imposed by a government or other authority after the date of purchase may result in a refund to or an additional payment from a passenger .
" In contrast , fuel surcharges are set by the carrier to take account of the additional costs incurred as a result of increased fuel prices and so are part of the air fare .
As a result they are subject to the applicable fare terms and conditions and are not subject to change after the date of purchase . "
My name is Matija Šuklje but other geeks often call me Hook .
I am a lawyer by profession and hacker by heart .
With two decades of experience in the FOSS world – ever at the nexus between the engineers , lawyers , businessmen , and policy makers – I truly enjoy making complex legal , technical , and similar thoughts easier for others to understand .
Hopefully this humble blog helps a bit towards that goal .
I also have a soft spot for the good things in life , such as tea and sailing , which sometimes reflects in my posts .
Sarah McLachlan & Pink ' Angel ' Duet at American Music Awards ( VIDEO )
andtook the Nokia Theater stage at the 2008 American Music Awards on Sunday night and performed an amazing duet of one of Sarah 's most popular songs , Angel .
Check out the video performance below .
American Music Awards RED CARPET PHOTOS .
Hajj and Qurbani : Their Impact on Poor Muslim Countries
The Hajj and Qurbani season — an occasion of extreme animal cruelty and impoverishment of poor Islamic countries whilst swelling the coffers of Jihad - sponsoring Saudis — have begun with ever - greater zeal this year with 3 million pilgrims from some 10,000 fifty years ago .
This article is timely for enlightening Muslims about this cruel and pernicious , but holy , Islamic festival .
- MA Khan
The early part of 2005 will bring an occasion , when a large number of Muslims from all over the globe will flock to Mecca of Saudi Arabia to perform their yearly pilgrimage .
Known as hajj , it requires each pilgrim to sacrifice at least one animal before it is declared complete .
Others , who will not be able to go to Mecca for any reason , will slaughter a large number of animals in their home countries in the name of Allah .
Though the rituals of hajj have been taking place for almost 1,400 years , but it is not known if an objective study was ever carried out to find out what impact these rituals have been having on the economies of the poor Muslim countries of the world .
I was born and raised in Bangladesh - a predominantly Muslim country .
I know how poor my country is , and also , how its poor masses have been surviving for generations .
Keeping these two factors in mind , I am writing this article to draw Muslims ’ attention to the baneful effect that hajj and the ritual of killing numerous animals to please Allah have been having on their nations ’ economies from the day hajj was made one of the pillars of their religion .
Actually , if we read carefully the Quran through which Muslims have been instructed to perform hajj at least once in their lifetime , we will find that hajj was made obligatory only for the Muslims of the Arabian Peninsula .
Not only that , even its entire contents and the religion of Islam were also intended only for them , and not for anyone else .
The following verse of the Quran supports this fact : “ Thus have We sent by inspiration to thee {i.e .
Muhammad} an Arabic Quran : that thou mayest warn the Mother of Cities {i.e.
Mecca} and all around her , - and warn ( them ) of the Day of Assembly , of which there is no doubt : ( when ) some will be in the Garden , and some in the Blazing Fire . ” [ Quran 42:7 ]
The speaker in the verse is Allah .
His instruction , given to Muhammad through inspiration , as mentioned in the verse , is clear :
He wanted him to preach the gospels of his religion only to the Arabs , who lived in Mecca and all around her .
Because the religion of Islam was designed exclusively for those people , Allah revealed the contents of the Quran to Muhammad only in Arabic so that they could understand them without facing any difficulty .
Allah ’s instruction on the rituals of hajj was also intended for compliance by the Peninsular Arabs only .
This is deducible from the following verse of the Quran : “ And complete the Hajj or ‘ Umra in the service of Allah .
But if ye are prevented ( from competing it ) , send an offering for sacrifice , such as ye may find , and do not shave your heads until offering reaches the place of sacrifice . … ” ( I have snipped the remaining part of the verse , as it is irrelevant to my discussion ) .
[ Quran 2:196 ]
Allah asked those intending pilgrims , who are prevented from physically completing their hajj , to send offerings to Mecca , and not to shave their heads until their offerings have reached the place of sacrifice .
This instruction came down to the Muslims in the 7th century , when there hardly existed any easy means of transportation between Mecca and , say , the Indian sub - continent .
Let us now consider the following scenario , keeping in mind the constraints of the old days : Mr. X , a Muslim from Calcutta , decided to perform his hajj , say , in the 14th century , when almost all of India had fallen to the Muslim rulers .
After reaching Bombay , he fell sick .
As instructed by the Quran , he is now in need of sending an offering to Mecca for sacrifice there on his behalf .
Finding a surrogate , who is willing to physically carry his sacrifice to Mecca , he buys a sheep and dispatches him on his journey to the place of sacrifice .
Given the fact that there existed , in those days , no steamer or airline service between Bombay and the present - day Saudi Arabia , can we imagine how many months , if not years , the substitute hajji would have taken to reach his destination safely , with the sheep in his toe ?
Conversely , let us suppose that an Arab Muslim from Medina failed to reach Mecca for hajj due to an illness .
He , therefore , arranges one of his relatives to carry an offering to the place of sacrifice .
Do we know how long a time his offering was going to take to reach Mecca ?
A few days , at best .
The carrier of his offering reaches the place of sacrifice not only in a few days ’ time ; he also avails himself of the occasion , when all pilgrims sacrifice their offerings on the Id Day in the valley of Mina .
From the contents of the two Quranic verses , it is clear that :
The religion of Islam was intended only for the people of the Arabian Peninsula ;
And that the rituals of hajj and Qurbani ( animal sacrifice ) were also meant only for them .
Despite the fact that the Quran does not require non-Arab Muslims to carry out the rituals of hajj and Qurbani , a large number of them from all over the world spend colossal amounts of money every year on them .
This they have been doing , one generation after another , without realizing the devastating effects their actions have been having on their national economies .
The following illustration may be a ‘ food for thought ’ for those Muslims of Bangladesh who hold the wellbeing of their country to their hearts : Bangladesh is a small country with a population of over 144 Million people .
Unemployment is rampant .
Its people ’s per capita income in 2004 was a paltry sum of $ 400.00 dollars .
The government of Bangladesh cannot implement even small but very important projects , like the immunization of its people , without foreign help .
It can neither buy important diagnostic equipment for its hospitals nor can it afford to feed a large number of poor people , who survive by begging and scavenging the trashcans of their rich compatriots .
Yet , Bangladesh decided to permit 40,000 of its Muslim citizens to perform their hajj in 2005 .
Out of this number , 10,000 will be traveling to Mecca on the concession fare the government - owned Airline has agreed to charge them .
Still , each of the 10,000 pilgrims will require to pay Tk.130,000 or approximately $ 2,200.00 to the government for covering the royalty it has to pay , on their behalf , to the Saudi government , airfare and a simple lodging in Mecca .
This amount does not include the money each pilgrim will have to spend on buying at least one sacrificial animal , nor does it include other essential expenses that they will require to incur during their stay there .
Therefore , each pilgrim is expected to spend at least another $ 300.00 on these accounts , which means that each of the 10,000 pilgrims will be spending at least $ 2,500.00 on their hajj related matters .
The total amount , to be squandered by only 10,000 pilgrims in Bangladesh ’s hard - earned foreign currency , will be a large sum of about $ 25 Million Dollars .
The remaining 30,000 pilgrims will be traveling with their own arrangements .
Since they will not be entitled to discounted fares from the Airlines and , as many of them will be traveling in Business Class and be staying in expensive hotels in Mecca , each one of them is expected to spend at least $ 5,000.00 on their pilgrimage the next year .
In all , 30,000 Bangladeshis are expected to waste approximately $ 150 Million Dollars on the rituals of hajj and Qurbani , both of which the Quran does not require them to undertake ever in their lives .
In addition to spending a staggering sum of approximately $ 175 Million Dollars by 50,000 Bangladeshi Muslims on their hajj and Qurbani , at least 500,000 of them will be slaughtering , if not more but at least , an equal number of animals all over their country .
Estimating that each animal , on an average , is likely to cost about $ 300.00 , the total amount they will be throwing away into the drain in the name of a ritual that is harmful for them as well as for their country is expected to be around $ 150 Million Dollars .
All together , 40,000 pilgrims and approximately 500,000 non-pilgrim Muslims of poor Bangladesh are expected to make their country poorer in 2005 by approximately $ 325 Million Dollars .
This will happen , despite the fact that most of this money is likely to come from those wage - earners who toil day and night in foreign lands to earn a few hundred dollars a month .
Bangladeshis will squander this huge amount of money , despite the fact that a large number of its people , living in its northern part , do not get any food , when suffering from monga , to feed themselves and their children .
This colossal wastage will take place , despite the fact that many of its farmers do not have a pair of oxen to till their lands .
I urge all patriotic Muslims of Bangladesh to rise up and to stop their ill - informed brethren from squandering their meager resources on rituals that their religion does require them to perform .
I urge them to stand up and ask their government not only to discourage its citizens from undertaking hajj but also to prevent its officials , including the Prime Minister , from performing Umra every now and then at the cost of the people .
I believe that Bangladesh can overcome its present situation , if its people are motivated to stand up against all kinds of wastages .
Like the rituals of hajj and Qurbani , corruption has also been eating into their nation ’s vital economic veins .
By plugging only these two dangerous drains of wastage and plunder , they can save for themselves at least a billion dollars a year .
And with this huge sum of money , they can , over a period of time , not only free their country from its abject poverty , this would also save them from all kinds of humiliations they have been suffering regularly at the hands of their donors .
Should not the Muslims of Bangladesh opt for national wellbeing , prosperity , respect and dignity in place of unnecessary religious dogmas , and lead themselves to a position , which will allow them to stand up , among the people of other nations , with their heads high ?
If you like this essay : Stumble it digg it r eddit
Name : closed Comment : Comments Notes : Keep comments short .
Our system cannot separate paragraphs .
Comments must be relevant to the topic of the article .
Irrelevant comments , materials , adds of other websites , pasting external articles etc. are not allowed .
We may ban the IP addresses of such nuisance posters .
Name : I totallly agree with the Author
Date : Sunday December 07 , 2008
Time : 23:04:54 - 0500
Comment
I believe that if the muslims of the subcontinent stop indulding in this meanigless and cruel ritual of Qurbani and stop going for Haj and Omrah , we could set KSA back by many years .
The revenues earned by the Saudis by means of Haj account for billions of Dollars each year .
This money is in turn used to fund the Jihadis who kill inoccent people around the world .
Besides it may be know to the practicing Muslims that all of this money finds its way to the coffers of saudi Royal family which uses this money for not so hala purposes .
The royal family of Saudi arabia is notorious for its Gmabling and womanising insticts .
So even those Muslims who love their Islam can take a cue from this !!
Name : Pre-Islamic pagan tradition
Date : Sunday December 07 , 2008
Time : 23:26:03 - 0500
Comment
Pilgrimage to Mecca was a pre-Islamic pagan tradition continued to this day by Muslims .
Name : go to hell
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 00:01:38 - 0500
Comment
you infidels will be grilled in afterworld .
all misery in world is bcz u pigs. i am a ex christian and now convert to islam .
yoy must be killed with torture .
atheist=shit and yoy are asslickers of motherfuckers such as george bush
Name :
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 00:14:47 - 0500
Comment
Name : jackiebrownstone
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 00:15:23 - 0500
Comment
Name : jackiebrownstone
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 00:25:22 - 0500
Comment
* Note to fellow commentators :
In regards to - go to hell post - Please do n't bother hammering on this guy .
He 's obviously a young guy going through some tough times in his life .
He may even be a good and decent person who just currently has some serious misunderstandings about his religion .
Speaking as an ex-muslim myself , i'v met many good people who have unfortunately been deceived by this fraudulent religion .
Name : to : Go to hell
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 00:25:45 - 0500
Comment
Dear brother , You need spiritualism .
Please try any spiritual method to remove your hatred for humanity .
Otherwise you will end up burning in this life with hatred and after life in hell .
Name : reply to go to hell
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 01:19:22 - 0500
Comment
proof required of a radiodated carbon quran to 700 ad not cock and bullshit stories of collection of quran after mohammed death collection from bones stones leaves no quran available during time of mohammed earliest available manuscript of quran 200 years after death of mo - every thing of islam is bullshit forgery and rests on sinking sand to hell with your filty lies - word of god a true god can with stand all scientific enqueiries does not require force and intimidation to holds it followers or require violence and threats to gain acceptance and credibilty alas all these are lacking in islam hence it is of satanic influence you and your terrorists maniac butchers will be rotting in hell with your perverted paedophile prophet for generations to come
Name : reply to go to hell
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 01:20:09 - 0500
Comment
proof required of a radiodated carbon quran to 700 ad not cock and bullshit stories of collection of quran after mohammed death collection from bones stones leaves no quran available during time of mohammed earliest available manuscript of quran 200 years after death of mo every thing of islam is bullshit forgery and rests on sinking sand to hell with your filty lies - word of god a true god can with stand all scientific enqueiries does not require force and intimidation to holds it followers or require violence and threats to gain acceptance and credibilty alas all these are lacking in islam hence it is of satanic influence you and your terrorists maniac butchers will be rotting in hell with your perverted paedophile prophet for generations to come
Name : good one , but greed for wine / houries in jannat is too alluring !!
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 01:26:36 - 0500
Comment
good one , but greed for wine / houries in jannat is too alluring !!
muslims think by doing hajj , they wash away their sins , and maybe can enter imaginary jannat for wine / houries , but .... the fact is there is no god / allah and jannat is imaginary .
Name : Faisal
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 02:55:03 - 0500
Comment
In the hadith it is said that a person who performs HAJJ will not become poor .
Alhamdullilah - I am a living proof of that .
After Haj Allah has favoured me more than I had ever expected .
Name : Stoning of the Devil
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 03:31:34 - 0500
Comment
It is barbaric , is n´t it ?
Name : MA Khan ---->>
Faisal ...
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 09:57:38 - 0500
Comment
Bill Gates never performed hajj .
There must be many people around you who are richer than you without ever performing this cruel , silly Pagan rituals of the 7th century .
Neither is it respectable of being rich by someone 's favour be it God or anyone else ; working hard , intelligently for your dollars is the respectable way for self - respecting people .
Name : Re : Go to Hell
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 10:07:15 - 0500
Comment
George Bush is the man who holds hands with SOWdis and calls Islam a " religion of peace " .
After Arab Muslims murdered 5,000 Americans , he personally made sure that Bin Ladin 's family and others saftely returned to KSA before he did anything else .
Now he 's leaving office having bankrupted America to fight a man who did more to threaten the Kuwaitis and SOWdis than anyone else .
You should love Bush .
Name : RE : Faisal
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 10:12:10 - 0500
Comment
Do you know that the world 's richest people are not Muslims but non-Muslims .
none of them have ever done Haj .
Tell me why does your Allah give them all the riches ?
Another thing is that 95 % of the Islamic nations are dirt poor surviving on the aid that come from Kouffar nations , especially from the West ?
Why did Allah make Islamic nations so dependent on the Kouffar ?
Please let me know , I would be pleased to hear your rational answer .
Name : Witness to the gruesome Qurbani
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 10:39:12 - 0500
Comment
I have witnessed so many gruesome Qurabnis in my life , that I still shudder when I think of it .
The slaughter of a poor dead animal which is tied with ropes is turned into a spectate where young and old alike enjoy the entire scene and cheer as though they were doing something that deserves a Nobel prize .
How can some one 's death bring a smile to some1z face is something I really fail to understand .
Even pregnant animals are not spared .
Muslims sometimes truly behave no better than wild animals who do n't have any sort of mercy in them .
Makes me feel sick to think that I ever was one ........
Name : Faisal have gone pilgrimage through kaffirs sbsdiy money
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 11:38:57 - 0500
Comment
Faisal have gone pilgrimage through kaffirs subsdiy money ?
Next how you got rich ?is it hrough legal business or black business or mafia or llike hhigh way looting and night raidings like mohammad ?
stupid any one can progress only through his personal efforts .
Tthis applies to all religions .
Tell your technique to poor or prasitic islamic countries which depend on kaffirs money or their scientifc inventions for their surviaval .
Name : balam
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 11:55:46 - 0500
Comment
It is a very nice article written by one who knows and understands Islam .
It is an evil Cult , initiated by a vile Arab .
Qurbani teaches Mohammadans how to cut the throats of Non-Muslims without squirming .
How demonic !!.
Can somebody enlighten me with anything good about Islam .
Mr. Faisal is excluded because he seems Insane .
Name : balam
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 11:55:49 - 0500
Comment
It is a very nice article written by one who knows and understands Islam .
It is an evil Cult , initiated by a vile Arab .
Qurbani teaches Mohammadans how to cut the throats of Non-Muslims without squirming .
How demonic !!.
Can somebody enlighten me with anything good about Islam .
Mr. Faisal is excluded because he seems Insane .
Name : Andrew Stunich
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 12:27:01 - 0500
Comment
Note once again how Muhammad helped his followers make money by preying upon others .
Perhaps this is one of the reasons why Muhammad so wanted to gain control of Mecca so that the Hajj could become a source of revenue for the Muslim Arabians .
Name : Irrational response
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 13:00:03 - 0500
Comment
Hardcore Muslims could never present their side of an argument in a sane and civilized manner .
Name : Qurbani -- questions on global warming : SK Jain
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 18:34:59 - 0500
Comment
I would like to ask meat eaters , including the people who perform Qurbani , the following question :
How much global warming the slaughter industry is causing ?
It is second only to petroleum - related industry .
These are the facts on global warming .
The present CO2 concentration in the environment is around 370 ppm .
The critical level will be 450 ppm , when many species start to disappear .
Life on planet may become extinct if it crosses 580 ppm .
I would like to know how many of you ( Muslims , X - Muslims , atheists , other practitioners ) are ready to give up meat - eating in order to save the planet ?
I am a Jain and like many Hindus and Buddhists , eat only vegetarian / vegan food .
Although West is taking a big stand on global warming , yet majority of the western people are meat - eaters .
Is meat eating an integral part of Jewish , Christian , and Islamic society ?
SK Jain
Name : Wagamama to SK Jain
Date : Monday December 08 , 2008
Time : 18:45:23 - 0500
Comment
You have posed a very good question .
It is an interesting article by Asghar .
However , he has missed the impact of Qurbani on global - warming .
Name : vbv
Date : Tuesday December 09 , 2008
Time : 05:16:13 - 0500
Comment
Poor assholes , these nonarab muslims , dolts and zombies that they are fail to see that Saudi Arabia is just insuring a safe economy for themselves once they run out of oil !
Hahahahahahahaha !
Damn these idiots that they can't see through thius fraud of the cult of IUslam and their Saudi overlords !
Name : vbv
Date : Tuesday December 09 , 2008
Time : 05:19:08 - 0500
Comment
Poor assholes , these nonarab muslims , dolts and zombies that they are fail to see that Saudi Arabia is just insuring a safe economy for themselves once they run out of oil !
Hahahahahahahaha !
Damn these idiots that they can't see through thius fraud of the cult of Islam and their Saudi overlords !
Alas there is no dearth of idiots , especially once they become muslims entrapped in the dream of 72 big boobed ' whores ' in ' Jannat ' and lots of wine , served by pearly eyed boys whoi also are a part of the eternal sexcapade !
Name : amar khan
Date : Tuesday December 09 , 2008
Time : 07:15:56 - 0500
Comment
how meat eating effects global warming ?
i cant understand you . would you please explain .
Name : lw1
Date : Tuesday December 09 , 2008
Time : 08:46:06 - 0500
Comment
If the Bangladeshis remember their history and realise they were all originally Hindus or Buddhists and have courage to embrace either of those religions or even Christianity , they will all be better off except their mullahs .
They should remember also that most of their forefathers would have been forced to convert to Islam .
They will make rapid progress and will get a lot more help .
At the moment , many of them would migrate to any western country , rather than Saudi Arabia , Kuwait or Dubai where they are discriminated against , at the first opportunity and hope to improve the lot of their family by sending money back .
I know a very few who have converted to Christianity and kept it secret .
They do not want to go back to Bangladesh .
Come out of your comfort zone and have courage for the sake of humanity .
You have forgotten the help India gave you in time of need .
Name : lw1 to Amar Khan
Date : Tuesday December 09 , 2008
Time : 09:01:58 - 0500
Comment
For example - while a cow is growing up till it is ready to be slaughtered , it will require tons of feed .
The meat obtained from the cow might feed say ( not an accurate figure , this is just an example ) 1000 people .
The land used to feed the cow instead could be substituted to grow food for people .
That produce would feed far more people .
Meat is an inefficient use of resourses .
Name : ciccio
Date : Tuesday December 09 , 2008
Time : 12:05:32 - 0500
Comment
You should read the Saudi " Arab News " .
In the last month it has been full of stories about the haj .
How some enterprising chap bought some cheap tents , parked them on a hill and rents them out at $ 30 per person per night .
Other stories on those not being able to afford the $ 800 haj permit paying locals very highly for being driven around the checkpoints .
Rooftops fitted with sleeping bags for a outrageous rates .
From a historical perspective , Mecca has always been a place of pilgrimage for all the heathen idols and big mo's clan clan was one of the leaders in the business , all he did was to leave them a nice business .
Name : to SK Jain
Date : Tuesday December 09 , 2008
Time : 15:06:01 - 0500
Comment
Something that Vegitarins seem to forget , plants are still living , breathing , and reproducing beings .
Though they do not have a face , they are still living things .
So by being a vegitarian , and being buddha / hindu , you are still killing / eating living things .
Name : To Amar Khan -- from SK Jain
Date : Tuesday December 09 , 2008
Time : 18:08:47 - 0500
Comment
Hi Amar , the pollution caused by the slaughter house industry is overwhelming .
According to UN report " raising animals for food generates more greenhouse - gas emissions than all the cars , trucks , trains , ships , and planes in the world combined " .
Meat industry is one of the largest sources of carbon dioxide and the single largest source of both methane and nitrous oxide emissions .
Nitrous oxide is about 300 times more potent as a global warming gas than carbon dioxide .
Please go through the following link : www.nowpublic.com/environment/does-your-diet-affect-environment-look-global-warming-pollution-deforestation-and-meat-egg-and-dairy-production
Name : To < to SK Jain >
Date : Tuesday December 09 , 2008
Time : 18:17:43 - 0500
Comment
You wrote : Something that Vegitarins seem to forget , plants are still living , breathing , and reproducing beings .
Though they do not have a face , they are still living things .
So by being a vegitarian , and being buddha / hindu , you are still killing / eating living things .
SK Jain >>
Did I ever raise the issue of killing on this forum ?
All I said is that meat industry is causing serious global warming .
The current CO2 content in the atmosphere is 370 ppm , which if goes up to 450 ppm causes severe damages .
Look dude , eating or not eating meat is your personal choice .
Eating vegetables , cereals , and fruits definitely does not cause global warming .
I never talked about animals and plants having life .
I am more concerned in the final result .
Is that making any sense at all ?
Here is the UN report on slaughter house " raising animals for food generates more greenhouse - gas emissions than all the cars , trucks , trains , ships , and planes in the world combined " .
You can verify it by all means .
Now tell me , what is the difference between Qurbani ( offering ) and sophisticated slaughter houses ?
One is doing pollution in the name of God and the other is doing in an atheistic fashion .
Will the author of this article throw light on Western Qurbani ( aka slaughter houses ) ?
Name : HamMoed
Date : Tuesday December 09 , 2008
Time : 19:55:00 - 0500
Comment
I would like to take a shit in Mecca after eating a Ham dinner so I can leave them something special .
Name : Asha
Date : Tuesday December 09 , 2008
Time : 19:57:07 - 0500
Comment
Who wants me ?
I am 9 years old .
Are there any old men for me at the Hajj ?
Name : To SK Jain
Date : Wednesday December 10 , 2008
Time : 05:27:51 - 0500
Comment
Have you considered that forests are chopped down for both raising animals AND growing foodcrops .
Unless you eat food from plants that exist only in the untouched wilderness , you too are adding to the deforestation and hence global warming .
Essentially , you 're bad like me , just a little less so .
A bit of a pointless argument , however .
I 'm sure everyone on this thread have a carbon footprint many , many times what it should be .
Does n't make it right , just not worth discussing .
Turn the tap off when you brush your teeth , carpool , compost trash , recycle , and all the other things which one should do to protect the planet .
A small point though , what if I raised and ate my own animals without any industrial processes involved ?
Would that be okay ?
Name : To Mo Asghar
Date : Wednesday December 10 , 2008
Time : 05:46:42 -0500
Comment
Nice article .
Interesting approach .
585 people have now read this , and I 'm sure less have understood your point and gone on to rant about crap .
I 'm sure there 's anough people to try and take you down ( eg " Go To Hell " Guy ) but the facts must remain in full view !
Nicely done .
Name : To < To SK Jain > from Jain
Date : Wednesday December 10 , 2008
Time : 06:04:45 -0500
Comment
Have you considered that forests are chopped down for both raising animals AND growing foodcrops . >>
For feeding the entire planet , not even 10 % of the total land is required .
Moreover , as soon as some trees are chopped , some vegetables , fruits , and other vegetation is grown .
This always keeps it green .
Moreover , if it were to cause global warming , UN report would have clearly mentioned that .
If it does n't exist , you are making an illogical point .
Unless you eat food from plants that exist only in the untouched wilderness , you too are adding to the deforestation and hence global warming .
>>
GROWING VEGETABLES AND FRUITS DOES NOT RELEASE GREENHOUSE GASES INTO ATMOSPHERE .
Please consult an Environmental Engineer .
Please do n't goof up ideas .
Essentially , you 're bad like me , just a little less so .
A bit of a pointless argument , however . >>
Are growing fruits and vegetables releasing greenhouse gas into atmosphere ?
You are so much eager to satisfy your tongue with meat that you are defying logic .
Turn the tap off when you brush your teeth , carpool , compost trash , recycle , and all the other things which one should do to protect the planet . >>
Use greener energies ; biodegradable plastics , recycle water , CLOSE SLAUGHTERHOUSES that release toxic gases .
A small point though , what if I raised and ate my own animals without any industrial processes involved ?
Would that be okay ? >>
Can you do that in a city ?
In cities , almost all meat is procured from slaughterhouses .
How are you going to clean the little slaughterhouse that you have ?
With blood and waste lying there , how are you going to incinerate it and maintain hygiene ?
It seems you need to gain knowledge on the impact of global warming caused by meat industry .
I can give lecture to you but can't do it due to lack of space .
Anyway , if you believe in the UN report , then act accordingly .
Else , follow your good old days .
The ball is in your court .
Name : Dr R Brahmachari
Date : Wednesday December 10 , 2008
Time : 07:10:23 - 0500
Comment
The author should have provided a rough estimate of the total amount of money all the 3 million or more hajis spend every year in Saudi Arabia in the haj season .
The picture would have given an idea how SA exploits Muslims around world through its religious imperialism .
It is better , sooner the Muslims of the Indian subcontinent release themselves from the religious enslavement and come back to their ancestral faith .
Name :
Thanks to Allah
Date : Friday December 12 , 2008
Time : 00:53:18 - 0500
Comment
I read the first part of the article , again like the rest of the stuff published on this website article is full of errors and wrong facts .
First “ it requires each pilgrim to sacrifice at least one animal before it is declared complete ”
That is an intentional lie on the part of those “ great scholars ” who claim to have researched Islam .
The fact is that hajj can be performed in three different ways ; one of them does not require sacrifice of animals .
A person can choose to perform the type of Hajj they wish .
As for those who do not go to Hajj ‘ and Islam does not impose hajj for those who are unable to perform it for physical or financial constraint ’ those do not have to offer sacrifice .
If they are able to then they should and they are encouraged to offer the third of the meat to the poor , the third to their friends and family and third is theirs to keep .
This is what Islam is all about sir , social and community wellbeing .
“ The speaker in the verse is Allah .
His instruction , given to Muhammad through inspiration , as mentioned in the verse , is clear :
He wanted him to preach the gospels of his religion only to the Arabs , who lived in Mecca and all around her .
Because the religion of Islam was designed exclusively for those people , Allah revealed the contents of the Quran to Muhammad only in Arabic so that they could understand them without facing any difficulty . ”
First I want to tell Mohammad Asghar to first change his name .
Secondly even if you believe that the Quran is for Arabs and for the people of Mecca no one will force you to accept Islam .
Most importantly however is that you are telling a lie because the Quran speaks to the whole world .
The proof is in the first chapter verse 2 . [ 1 ]
In the name of Allah , Most Gracious , Most Merciful . [ 2 ]
Praise be to Allah , the Cherisher and Sustainer of the worlds .
Lastly , I do not know what you are saying , cruelty to Animals .
I guess you are now one of those animal activists .
Name : Committed infidel
Date : Monday December 15 , 2008
Time : 11:20:38 - 0500
Comment
The sorry truth about the hajj is that it is a money - spinner , like all places of pilgrimage .
It is only because the Americans created the oil industry in the middle east that there is any wealth there at all .
Before they arrived , the Saudi ' Royal ' family , ie the greatest cutthroats , would BORROW money from the Egyptians and REPAY it after the hajj ( I wonder at what percentage rate ? ) .
The elite alone lived off it , just as they live off all the oil booty now .
Name : muna
Date : Wednesday December 17 , 2008
Time : 09:41:56 - 0500
Comment
you seem to be runing your mouth alot , so what are you going to do about this , Iraq , is in a deep shit , because of America , not because of Hajji , stupid , sellout , your cheap article will not brainwash any , one but yourself , get a life , okay .
A good metaphor for making presentations is good teaching .
Teachers seek to explain content and thinking ; and to present that material with credibility , with authority , and without patronizing authoritarianism .
Here is an excellent paper by the great statistician Frederick Mosteller on teaching .
E.T. Frederick Mosteller , " Classroom and Platform Performance " , The American Statistician , February 1980 , Vol. 34 , No.1 , pp. 11 - 17 .
Reprinted with permission from The American Statistician .
Copyright 1980 by the American Statistical Association .
All rights reserved .
pages
1 | 2 | 3 | 4 | 5 | 6 | 7 Back to Table of Contents
If God was n't too busy spiting me every morning , he'd eat this shit for breakfast .
Hit the jump for a picture of the finished product .
Bacon Cheese Roll [ foodproof ]
Thanks Cam and Owen , my God did that smell good .
Countdown obtained a new memo that explains the GOP 's strategy for blocking a bridge loan to the auto industry :
Countdown has obtained a memo entitled " Action Alert - Auto Bailout , " and sent Wednesday at 9:12 am , to Senate Republicans .
The names of the sender (s ) and recipient (s ) have been redacted in the copy Countdown obtained .
The Los Angeles Times reported that it was circulated among Senate Republicans .
The brief memo outlines internal political strategy on the bailout , including the view that defeating the bailout represents a " first shot against organized labor . "
Senate Republicans blocked passage of the bailout late Thursday night , over its insistence on an immediate union pay cut .
From : Sent : Wednesday , December 10 , 2008 9:12 AM
To : Subject : Action Alert -- Auto Bailout Today at noon , Senators Ensign , Shelby , Coburn and DeMint will hold a press conference in the Senate Radio / TV Gallery .
They would appreciate our support through messaging and attending the press conference , if possible .
The message they want us to deliver is : 1 . This is the democrats first opportunity to payoff organized labor after the election .
This is a precursor to card check and other items .
Republicans should stand firm and take their first shot against organized labor , instead of taking their first blow from it .
2 . This rush to judgment is the same thing that happened with the TARP .
Members did not have an opportunity to read or digest the legislation and therefore could not understand the consequences of it .
We should not rush to pass this because Detroit says the sky is falling .
The sooner you can have press releases and documents like this in the hands of members and the press , the better .
Please contact me if you need additional information .
Again , the hardest thing for the democrats to do is get 60 votes .
If we can hold the Republicans , we can beat this .
The GOP sent the first shot across the bow of the upcoming Obama administration as they killed the auto rescue plan Thursday night .
It never was about trying to help the automakers or the economy , but an effort to crush the working class and punish unions .
There are many more people in line to suffer if the Big 3 go out of business , but Shelby and his band of brothers could n't care less .
" Union Busting " is a high priority for these Conservatives fools that have allowed our country to be run into the ground .
Can you name anything good that has come out of the eight years of Bush and Conservative dominance ?
So what is their solution ?
To take it out on the blue collars of America .
If anything this memo should be used as a reminder that the Employee Free Choice
Act should be one of Obama 's " high priorities " just after he takes office .
Check out this video that explains a few things about it .
Tags
Barack Obama plans to initiate public - private partnerships ( PPPs ) on a grand scale .
While the media focuses on Obama 's First Dog or his left - handed jump shot , behind the scenes he is planning how to become president of the world .
Therefore , it is worth enumerating many of his proposed partnerships so as to expose his actual policies , and then offer an Austro - libertarian analysis of these partnerships .
As we will see , a mix of public and private ownership is a socialist arrangement , and a sly tactic employed by those looking for increased power , albeit under a different name : the public - private partnership .
PPPs are essentially contracts between a public agency and a private company where assets , risks , and rewards are shared in providing a good or service to the public .
The rationale is typically that private enterprise provides greater efficiency and quality of service , while the government agency furnishes additional capital .
They are claimed to ( potentially ) lead to " happy employees , " better educational opportunities , and better public safety .
Government agencies reportedly realize cost savings of 20 to 50 percent by using PPPs .
Of course , PPPs , dating back to at least 1652 when the Water Works Company of Boston began providing drinking water to Massachusetts colonists , are nothing new in the United States ( or any country ) , and most government agencies and offices are engaged in using them .
From the National Council for Public - Private Partnerships website we read the following :
Public - Private Partnerships [ are ] used for water / wastewater , transportation , urban development , and delivery of social services , to name only a few areas of application .
Today , the average American city works with private partners to perform 23 out of 65 basic municipal services .
The use of partnerships is increasing because it provides an effective tool in meeting public needs , improving the quality of services , and [ is ] more cost effective .
The treatment of so - called " public goods " in neoclassical economics is partly responsible for offering a justification for government intervention in providing for these goods and services .
A large part of Obama 's economic agenda is to encourage more PPPs — well beyond what neoclassical economists mean by " public goods " ( e.g. , defense services , streetlights ) .
Obama claims these partnerships will promote innovation at a local level through federal funding .
Before we can engage in an analysis of PPPs , we must provide an overview ( lengthy , but I believe worth exposing ) of the various partnerships Obama proposes .
PPPs will be used in the following ways under an Obama administration :
Deliver real broadband to communities that currently lack it .
Encourage PPPs to " get low - income communities and residents connected [ through ] best practices among those that have deployed citywide free wireless broadband networks and how those lessons learned can be applied in other communities . "
Modernize public safety networks and establish a PPP to " facilitate the development of a next generation network for use by public safety agencies on a priority basis . "
Award public contracts to companies committed to American workers and end tax breaks for companies that send jobs overseas .
Create a national network of public - private business incubators by " investing $ 250 million per year to increase the number and size of incubators in disadvantaged communities throughout the country . "
Expand PPPs to advance " leading edge technologies " in space and aeronautics research to spur economic growth and innovation .
Provide funding for " Early Learning Challenge Grants " where states will have to , among other requirements , develop strong public - private partnerships .
Establish a Presidential Early Learning Council to expand public / private investments in the " youngest children . "
Issue competitive grants to PPPs for evidence - based models to help students graduate .
Mandate public service and require American middle and high school students to perform 50 hours of service a year , and for all college students to perform 100 hours of service a year .
At the community level , PPPs will be used so " students can serve more outside the classroom . "
Develop and deploy clean coal technology by using the Department of Energy to enter into PPPs to develop five new commercial scale " coal - fired plants with clean carbon capture and sequestration technology . "
Expand PPPs between schools and arts organizations by increasing resources for the US Department of Education 's Arts Education Model Development and Dissemination Grants .
Improve and expand PPPs to increase cultural and arts exchanges throughout the world and promote " cultural diplomacy . "
Interact with the private sector from " electronic health records to the general supply chain . "
PPPs : An Economic Analysis
Obama uses PPPs to justify government involvement and intervention , and he typically associates PPPs with innovation , which seems like an oxymoron .
Fortunately , the Austrian economist can point out the many likely effects and unintended consequences of government intervention in the form of PPPs , including the ( tragic ) effects on entrepreneurship .
We will discuss a few of these , using as our guide Mises 's excellent and insightful book , Bureaucracy .
Two topics often associated with entrepreneurship , innovation and risk , are perhaps the most pertinent in our discussion .
Innovation
One of the reasons Obama gives as a justification for these partnerships is to " spur innovation . "
There are many reasons why this will prove difficult , if not impossible .
Private businesses that have a government - granted monopoly from a PPP will have less ( or no ) competition , decreasing any incentive to increase efficiency and provide better quality services and products at lower prices .
With a government guarantee of revenue , either through the company ( or government ) charging a fee to customers for its services , or through government subsidy , there is less incentive to cut costs .
Innovation is also less likely if the partnership specifies revenue will be obtained in a " cost plus percentage " arrangement where companies will be guaranteed a specified amount of gross profit , regardless of revenue or cost .
When the PPP contract guarantees a period of time ( typically years ) , companies may no longer be interested in increasing profits as there is little danger of going out of business during that timeframe .
Thus , PPPs have no stringent requirement of meeting the market profit - and - loss test , since they cannot " lose . "
Mises pointed out the flaw in trying to use PPPs as a catalyst to innovation :
To say to the entrepreneur of an enterprise with limited profit chances , " Behave as the conscientious bureaucrats do , " is tantamount to telling him to shun any reform .
Nobody can be at the same time a correct bureaucrat and an innovator .
Progress is precisely that which the rules and regulations did not foresee ; it is necessarily outside the field of bureaucratic activities .
In addition , progress and innovation may also be trapped by old government regulations , codes , and established ideas .
" If it ai n't broke , do n't fix it , " is the motto of the government bureaucrat — and as Mises points out , these are typically old men with established ideas of what works ( and what does n't ) .
In contrast , innovation is more than just making sure a product " ai n't broke " — it is about improving an already functional and highly demanded product ( think iPhone in the wireless industry , or Google Chrome in web browsers ) .
In contrast to private businesses , companies in a government partnership that wish to introduce innovations require going through red tape and levels of bureaucracy for approval .
If it were not for a government guarantee of monopoly privilege , such a time gap for bureaucratic approval would likely eliminate any first - mover advantage in the market .
Furthermore , investment capital will not necessarily be generated from savings or business operations , but possibly from a shared government budget .
Finally , instead of an incentive to earn as much profit as possible , governments often set a limit on the amount of total profit , and tax or remove any profit above the arbitrarily specified amount , thereby discouraging innovation .
Risk
Risk is another aspect that needs to be analyzed in relation to PPPs .
Companies that are guaranteed a government contract in some situations may be less likely to take on risk , as risk only disrupts the existing circumstances , and increases the possibility of failure .
This is because the company is " safe " ( i.e. , its revenue is virtually guaranteed ) if it does not take any risks .
Any risk the company takes may lead to its loss , not the government's .
Companies in a partnership with government will also lose ( ultimate ) control of their decision - making abilities .
For instance , government would be less likely to allow a company to take risks that could affect any government " revenue " originating from the company .
Maintaining the status quo is the name of the game .
Companies must , in the end , follow the government 's wishes and whims , not their own — nor their customers ' .
The company sees risk not in terms of whether the consumer will buy its product or service , but in terms of whether it is in line with the designs of the bureaucrat .
Any risk then becomes focused on pleasing the bureaucrat , at the expense of pleasing the consumer .
On the other hand , risk of failure is essentially reduced to nil for the length of the contract due to government 's ability to subsidize losses through taxation or other coercive measures .
Obtaining government contracts for smaller companies becomes virtually impossible ; and it eliminates any future or start - up companies and investment in that market .
Thus , competition and the threat of competition are close to none .
We now see that government is truly the enemy — not the oft - viewed , and mistakenly confused , supporter — of the start - up entrepreneur , i.e. , the " little guy . "
In a PPP , while revenues are guaranteed for the length of the partnership agreement , stability is only limited to the length of the current administration , i.e. , to the trust placed in government to keep its agreements and promises .
Ironically , by the very act of creating a public - private partnership in an industry , and eliminating or decreasing competition , government reduces that credibility , and other industries are at risk of similar partnership arrangements .
What is left of capitalism in the United States will be uprooted and supplanted with corporatism ; any remnants of a free market will have to yield to the coercive measures of government , resulting in monopolies and cartels .
PPPs as a Justification for Bigger Government
When government is able to partner with a private company and grant access to land , labor , or capital that would not have occurred absent government intervention , everyone 's property is exposed to the risk of government takeover .
A private company may not be able to construct a highway through the private property of others .
Government , through powers of eminent domain , is able to seize private property from individuals and construct nearly anything it desires .
In other words , government is able to not only extract money from private individuals ( taxes ) but also to take away their ( more tangible ) private property .
In addition , public - private partnerships , because of the word " private , " are often viewed as more legitimate , and with less hostility , than solely the term " public . "
Thus PPPs may expand and multiply without real justification , and with little hostility .
The ( already flawed and misunderstood ) meaning of " public goods " then expands beyond the initial neoclassical interpretation to mean anything that could be deemed good for the public .
Murray Rothbard explains how government 's violent intervention in one part of the economy results in " calculational chaos , " which inevitably spreads to other parts :
[ E ] ach governmental firm introduces its own island of chaos into the economy ; there is no need to wait for socialism for chaos to begin its work .
No government enterprise can ever determine prices or costs or allocate factors or funds in a rational , welfare - maximizing manner .
Rothbard states that government cannot be run on a " business basis " :
[ A] ny government operation injects a point of chaos into the economy ; and since all markets are interconnected in the economy , every governmental activity disrupts and distorts pricing , the allocation of factors , consumption / investment ratios , etc .
Every government enterprise not only lowers the social utilities of the consumers by forcing the allocation of funds to ends other than those desired by the public ; it also lowers the utility of everyone ( including , perhaps , the utilities of government officials ) by distorting the market and spreading calculational chaos .
The greater the extent of government ownership , of course , the more pronounced will this impact become .
Thus , the greater the extent of government ownership , the larger the amount of calculational chaos , and the closer we move toward socialism .
Conclusion : The Power of Ideas
In 1942 , Joseph Schumpeter wrote that capitalism would be threatened and condemned by intellectuals , not for its failures , but its successes — and that socialism was inevitable .
It seems the public desires the move toward socialism .
There are more and more clamors for government intervention in nearly every aspect of an individual 's diurnal activities — and as H.L. Mencken said , " Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want and deserve to get it good and hard . "
Government propaganda is required to promote such a foolish message .
Mises phrased it accurately : " Truth does not need any propaganda ; it holds its own . "
The danger in public - private partnerships and their promotion by both government bureaucrats and private businesspersons was perhaps best expressed by Rothbard :
What 's needed is a corporate spokesman [ and government bureaucrat ] who embraces the government - business partnership with enthusiasm and joy .
…
When such a champion emerges , Mr. and Ms. America , keep a sharp eye on your wallets — you are about to be fleeced .
Nevertheless , there is hope .
We live in a world of ideas , where the QWERTY keyboard is truly mightier than the latest military contraption .
The rapidity and magnitude of government failure , and the more it is exposed and can be replaced with the idea of free markets — and with greater communications technology than at any other time in history , ideas can spread faster than ever — the faster will be the shift toward free markets , and most likely toward a level of prosperity never before experienced .
Obama 's public - private partnerships would become extinct and despised , being recognized for what they are : back - door socialism , making a mockery of true partnerships and freedom .
Entrepreneurship and innovation would be free to flourish in such an environment .
Chris Brown is a lecturer at the Australian Graduate School of Entrepreneurship .
He also centrally plans the Austro - libertarian blog .
Comment on the Mises blog .
More information about Men's Underwear
Best prices on Morman magic underwear in Men 's Underwear online .
Visit Bizrate to find the best deals on top brands .
Read reviews on Clothing & Accessories merchants and buy with confidence .
Start planning your own dream ski and / or snowboard vacation on our website with features such as : Online Custom Trip Quotes - available 24/7 , Descriptions , Photos , Trail Maps , Interactive Area Maps , Ski Area Statistics , Weather Information and More !
Simply choose a region and destination above , select your trip dates , # of adults / children and click ' New Quote ' to begin !
Need Help ?
Please view our FAQ , or as always , our agents are available :
Monday - Friday : 9 AM - 7 PM EST
Saturday : 10 AM - 3 PM EST
Call Toll Free , 888-754-2167 , to talk to a Ski & Snowboard Vacation Specialist today !
Blagojevich questions censored on Transition site
President - elect Barack Obama 's Transition today launched " Open for Questions , " a Digg - style feature allowing citizens to submit questions , and to vote on one another 's questions , bringing favored inquiries to the top of the list .
It was suggested when it launched that the tool would bring uncomfortable questions to the fore , but the results so far are the opposite : Obama 's supporters appear to be using -- and abusing -- a tool allowing them to " flag " questions as " inappropriate " to remove all questions mentioning Illinois Governor Rod Blagojevich from the main pages of Obama 's website .
The Blagojevich questions -- many of them polite and reasonable -- can be found only by searching words in them , like " Blagojevich , " which produces 35 questions missing from the main page of the site .
" Given the current corruption charges involving Blagojevich , will ' serious ' campaign finance reform that takes money completely out of politics through publicly funded elections be a priority in the first term ? " asked Metteyya of Santa Cruz , California .
" This submission was removed because people believe it is inappropriate , " reads the text underneath it .
Also removed as " inappropriate " :
" In light of the recent corruption scandals ( Blagojevich , Rangel , Jefferson , Stevens , etc ) that have dominated the political scene , is there any ethics legislation being crafted to actually curb corruption and prevent another wave of nixonian cynicism ? " , a question from " lupercal , " of Gainesville .
And : " Is Barack Obama aware of any communications in the last six weeks between Rod Blagojevich or anyone representing Rod Blagojevich and any of Obama 's top aides ? " , a question from Phil from Pennsylvania .
Declaring a question " inappropriate " is different from merely voting it down ; it 's calling foul on a question , not just disapproving of it .
Community reporting systems like this are often vulnerable to abuse from committed partisans -- YouTube has wrestled with a parallel problem -- and the only solution is conscious efforts to remedy it .
So far , Obama 's team does not seem to have stepped in to allow uncomfortable questions to rise to the top , and instead is allowing his supporters to sanitize the site .
See Also
It seems the war is on and the Republicans have launched another surge strategy .
Is this the point we have come to in our country ?
Do we really think that having knowledge about an issue is a liability ?
Have we learned nothing from the past eight years about voting for the person you " want to have a beer with " ?
Is being smart or intellectually curious a bad thing ?
We have heard some of the buzzwords of this political season - Folksy , Joe Six- pack , Elitist , and Arugula Eating .
It seems the new " culture war " or wedge issue is intelligence .
The Vice - Presidential debate only solidified the lines in this war .
On one side , you had Palin - full of " folksy charm " and " you betcha " language .
Then you had Biden , who had a command of the issues , but was called " boring " and ( gasp ! ) " professorial " by the pundits .
It seems there is a new threat to our country - an insidious danger that is seeping into our homes and everyday lives that must be stopped at any cost .
That threat is intellectualism .
I have been absolutely dumbfounded as I have watched the level of discourse ( and the ensuing media coverage ) in this political season .
There has always been a level of " east coast intellectual " bashing from the right , but this cycle it has been raised to a completely new level .
We have seen McCain release vapid attack ad after attack ad about " celebrity " , all the while being devoid of any facts or issues .
We have seen Palin stumble through interviews , to the point of not even being able to name any newspapers she reads ( very reminiscent of George W Bush , who famously said he does n't read ) .
The media even praised Palin in the debate for being " down to earth " and a " breath of fresh air . "
How is dumbing down our country a breath of fresh air ?
Lowering the discourse to these levels ( Paris Hilton , hockey moms , and lipstick - oh my ! ) has been staggering and disheartening to watch .
The war has not only been waged by promoting the " Joe Six - pack " quality ( a term that makes my skin crawl and sounds incredibly offensive ) of McCain and Palin , however .
They GOP has taken to throwing around charges of elitism , arugula eating , latte and martini drinking to show how Obama and Biden - and by extension all Democrats - are " out of touch " with " real " Americans .
It 's an amazing argument - by being too smart and thoughtful on issues , they just do n't understand anything .
Want proof ?
They eat fancy salad and drink coffee .
It is also constantly being said that both Obama and Biden are too " professorial " , as if being an intelligent leader is a weakness .
Professors are people who KNOW THINGS and can lead and teach others .
How is that an insult ?
They simply know too much to be the leaders of the free world ?
All those pesky details floating around in their heads makes it impossible for them to lead ?
Huh ?
How did we get here ?
I certainly do n't want just any old Average Joe to lead our country .
I want someone who knows facts and issues .
And if they do n't know something , I want someone with the intellectual curiosity to learn and find out !
Pick up a newspaper , get online , and surround yourself with other intelligent people .
Yet McCain can't use the internet and Palin can't name a paper she reads .
Where is the intellectualism to be a true leader in this time of trouble in our country ?
Let me be clear - I do n't care if politicians do n't seem " fun " or " folksy " - I do n't want to have a beer with them .
I want them to lead .
" Going with your gut " is not a viable option for this level of leadership .
Quick sound bites or catch phrases do n't make you a good leader .
I do n't care if you can hunt , were in the PTA , or wink at me - I want you to be educated about the issues facing our country .
Intellectualism is a quality we want in a leader .
I would rather have someone who might be a bit dry and heavy on the facts than someone who is folksy and dead wrong any day .
But hey , what do I know ?
Maybe I 'll just stick to eating my elitist arugula salad and reading .
UPDATE 2 : A second post was written in July 2010 following up on this one : The War on Intellectualism Pt. 2 : Mainstream Media Madness
UPDATE : Since this post made the front page of Digg , I thought I should point out to our new readers that you can sign up for our RSS feed or get the daily digest delivered directly into your inbox so you do n't miss a thing on The Bilerico Project .
Thanks for Digging it !
Navigation --- Angebote --- Nachrichten Termine Experten Bilder Social Media --- Mein idw --- Login Registrieren ---
Über den idw ---
Wer wir sind Mitgliedschaft Mitgliederverzeichnis Qualitätssicherung idw - Preis --- Service --- Kontakt Einführung English FAQ Impressum
< Fig.2 : The rotating target mechanism allows the generation of attosecond pulse trains at 10 Hz repet ...
Photo : Thorsten Naeser , MPQ None
< Fig. 1 : A reflected pulse , rich in harmonic content results by focusing a short pulse of infrared la ... MPQ None
Recent innovations in laser technology have provided radiation sources for attosecond ( 10 to the power of - 18 sec ) light flashes that can freeze the ultrafast motion of electrons inside atoms and molecules .
The range of possible applications is however limited by the low flux of the current attosecond sources .
In a proof of principle experiment a team of MPQ scientists ( Attosecond and High - Field Physics Division , Prof. Ferenc Krausz ) has now demonstrated a novel way of generating attosecond light flashes with unprecedented intensity .
The article by Y. Nomura et al. , ( Nature Physics , Advance Online Publication December 14 , 2008 , DOI 10.1038 ) confirms that relativistically driven overdense plasmas are able to convert infrared laser light into harmonic XUV radiation with high efficiency .
Furthermore it demonstrates the feasibility of confining unprecedented amounts of light energy to within less than one femtosecond .
The long term goal - reaching sub-atomic resolution simultaneously in space and time - will have far - reaching impact , from physics and chemistry through biology and medicine to future information technologies .
State of the art technique for producing ultrashort coherent light pulses in the XUV spectral range is the method of generating " harmonics " by converting laser light travelling through a gas target to radiation whose frequency is an integer times the frequency of the fundamental oscillation .
By contrast the scientists focus short laser pulses from the Titanium - Sapphire - Laser ATLAS ( IR , 800 nm ) onto a solid target creating an overdense plasma on its surface in which the electrons oscillate in the strong laser field with velocities close to the speed of light .
Here two mechanisms give rise to harmonic generation .
On the one hand the electrons reflect the incoming laser light causing ( depending on their direction ) a Doppler shift towards higher frequencies .
On the other hand - and this process is the dominant one in this work - the electrons that are injected into the surface excite plasma waves in their wake .
Under certain conditions these are converted to electromagnetic radiation at higher harmonics of the driver frequency .
A spectral filter suppresses residual IR - light and selects a range of harmonics .
" There is no way to measure the time structure of the sequence of out coming attosecond flashes directly " , says Dr. George Tsakiris , leader of the project .
" We therefore have to resume to a trick : we let two replica of the attosecond pulse train interact with a Helium gas jet .
By varying the time delay between them and recording the corresponding number of resulting Helium ions we can deduce the temporal structure of the XUV radiation . "
" We have demonstrated for the first time that the harmonics from solid targets are indeed emitted as a train of attosecond pulses " , adds Rainer Hörlein , PhD student at the experiment .
More generally spoken the physicists have demonstrated the first alternative method to the generation of harmonics from noble gases for the production of attosecond pulses .
In addition the pulses are orders of magnitude more intense than those generated with conventional methods .
Unlike gas - harmonics the new method is expected to be highly scalable and to exhibit no limitation on the usable laser intensity : the higher the laser intensity the shorter and more energetic the attosecond pulses should be .
Much more intense attosecond pulses will significantly increase the scope of possible experiments with attosecond resolution and will make pump - probe experiments with attosecond pulses feasible .
[ O.M. ]
Original publication : Y. Nomura , R. Hörlein , P. Tzallas , B. Dromey , S. Rykovanov , Zs. Major , J. Osterhoff , S. Karsch , L. Veisz , M. Zepf , D. Charalambidis , F. Krausz , and G. D. Tsakiris
" Attosecond phase locking of harmonics emitted from laser - produced plasmas " Nature Physics , Advance Online Publication December 14th , 2008 , DOI 10.1038 Contact : Dr. George Tsakiris Max Planck Institute of Quantum Optics Hans Kopfermann Straße 1 85748 Garching Phone : +49(0)89 32905 240 Fax : +49(0)89 32905 200 E-mail : george.tsakiris@mpq.mpg.de
Dr. Olivia Meyer - Streng Press & Public Relations Max Planck Institute of Quantum Optics Phone : +49(0)89 32905 213 Fax : +49(0)89 32905 200 E-mail : olivia.meyer-streng@mpq.mpg.de
Hilfe
Die Suche / Erweiterte Suche im idw- Archiv
Verknüpfungen
Sie können Suchbegriffe mit und , oder und / oder nicht verknüpfen , z . B. Philo nicht logie .
Klammern
Verknüpfungen können
Sie mit Klammern voneinander trennen , z. B. ( Philo nicht logie ) oder ( Psycho und logie ) .
Wortgruppen
Zusammenhängende Worte werden als Wortgruppe gesucht , wenn Sie sie in Anführungsstriche setzen , z. B. „ Bundesrepublik Deutschland “ .
Auswahlkriterien
Die Erweiterte Suche können
Sie auch nutzen , ohne Suchbegriffe einzugeben .
Sie orientiert sich dann an den Kriterien , die Sie ausgewählt haben ( z. B. nach dem Land oder dem Sachgebiet ) .
Haben Sie in einer Kategorie kein Kriterium ausgewählt , wird die gesamte Kategorie durchsucht ( z.B. alle Sachgebiete oder alle Länder ) .
Favorite Answer
Two reasons :
1 ) Bill Clinton was in the same position and he campaigned and the Governor lost .
It made Bill look bad .
2) Obama might just be afraid of the Democrat Majority !
If there is no Majority he can play whatever side he wants to .
Last Georgia was won by Mc Cain .
I posted a brief item here recently about the PR nightmare facing the Mormon Church as a result of the prominent role it played this year promoting Proposition 8 to ban same - sex marriage in California .
At the urging of church leaders , Mormons spent about $ 20 million on the effort , which probably provided the margin that enabled the proposition to pass .
There is some irony in the fact that Mormon pollster Gary Lawrence , who led the Proposition 8 grassroots campaign for the church in California , has a gay son , Matthew , who publicly resigned from the church to protest its anti-gay campaign .
Matthew says that after his father 's participation in " two anti-gay initiatives in eight years , it 's impossible not to feel attacked . "
Adding further to the irony , Gary Lawrence has a new book out , titled How Americans View Mormonism : Seven Steps to Improve Our Image .
His advice to Mormons who want to be better liked is , " Simply be yourself " -- advice that drew a sharp response from one blogger , who pointed out that being yourself " is a poor prescription for winning friends when ' who you are ' is someone willing to lead a campaign to strip your own child of his civil rights . "
The anti-Mormon backlash continues , and some people who have Mormon friends are rising to their defense , including Kaliya Hamlin ( also known as " Identity Woman " for her work on issues related to online identity ) .
In a recent blog post , Hamlin complains that " web mobs " are engaged in " blacklisting and subsequent public harassment and targeting of specific people and specific religious groups for their beliefs and support of YES on prop 8 . "
She continues :
I take this personally , I have and do work with people who are Mormon - ( When I played water polo in university and in the Identity field ) .
I respect the LDS church and the people in it - they have good values .
... I think what is going on with the blacklists -- that are directly targeting people in their private life is wrong .
I think targeting specific religious institutions for protest is wrong .
These people and these religious institutions are not propagating HATE they are just not agreeing that marriage can be between a man and a man or a woman and a woman .
This is a cultural difference of opinion .
With all due respect , I think Hamlin fails to understand the intensity , seriousness , and yes , hatred underlying Mormon opposition to gay rights .
I actually have more personal experience with Mormons than she does .
I was raised in a Mormon family and even served a two - year Mormon mission in Japan from 1976 to 1978 .
Although I no longer believe in or practice its teachings , my extended family includes many active members .
It 's true that individual Mormons are mostly nice people -- as generous , thoughtful , intelligent and considerate as people from any other religion or belief system .
Unfortunately , it is actually possible to possess all of those positive attributes and still promote hatred and intolerance .
From my missionary days , I still own a copy of The Miracle of Forgiveness , a book by Spencer W. Kimball , who was president ( and " prophet " ) of the Mormon Church from 1973 until his death in 1985 .
The church still promotes Kimball 's book and supports its beliefs regarding homosexuality , which he outlined in a chapter titled " Crime Against Nature . "
It states ,
Homosexuality is an ugly sin , repugnant to those who find no temptation in it , as well as to many past offenders who are seeking a way out of its clutches .
It is embarrassing and unpleasant as a subject for discussion but because of its prevalence , the need to warn the uninitiated , and the desire to help those who may already be involved in it , it is discussed in this chapter .
... [ P] erhaps as an extension of homosexual practices , men and women have sunk even to seeking sexual satisfaction from animals .
...
All such deviations from normal , proper heterosexual relationships are not merely unnatural but wrong in the sight of God .
Like adultery , incest , and bestiality they carried the death penalty under the Mosaic law .
...
The law is less severe now , and so regrettably is the community 's attitude to those grave sins -- another evidence of the deterioration of society .
In some countries the act per se is not even illegal .
This " liberalizing " process is reflected in the United States by communities of homosexuals in our larger cities who sponsor demonstrations and draw up petitions to this end , who are formally organized , and who even print their own perverted journals .
All this is done in the open , to the detriment alike of impressionable minds , susceptible urges , and our national decency .
Mormon abhorrence of homosexuality is so strong that in the 1970s the church even experimented with aversion therapy at Brigham Young University ( BYU ) , setting up a center where it tried to " cure " homosexuality .
The so - called therapy consisted of taping electrodes to the groin , thigh , chest and armpits of gay men and subjecting them to painful electric shocks while showing them pornographic photographs of nude men .
The treatments , which were overseen by the head of the university 's psychology department , were thought to be " effective in reducing homosexual responsiveness . "
I happen to know someone who underwent this treatment -- in his case voluntarily , because he was desperately trying to comply with Mormon teachings .
However , some cases have been reported of people who were subjected to aversion therapy against their will , or who were pressured into it with threats of expulsion from college .
The experience left many with psychological and physical scars , and at least two men reportedly committed suicide shortly after undergoing treatment .
Hamlin says that Mormons have " good values . "
However , Mormon values are precisely what are on display in Kimball 's writings and the actions of the aversion therapists at BYU .
And they are core values of Mormonism today .
These values are deeply felt and widely believed .
They are the basis for Mormon political activism against Proposition 8 in California , and they will undoubtedly continue to drive Mormon political actions against gay rights in the future .
Of course , not all Mormons share this homophobia .
There is even a website , MormonsForMarriage.com , devoted to letting " the world know that not all Mormons ( LDS church members ) oppose gay marriage . "
However , this view is in the minority and is strongly at odds with the church 's official position and numerous pronouncements from church leaders over a period of decades .
Matthew Lawrence is only one of hundreds of Mormons who have felt compelled to resign their membership in protest against the church 's opposition to gay rights .
The question remains , of course , whether Hamlin is right that supporters of gay rights should refrain from " directly targeting people in their private life " by protesting and arguing with individual Mormons who have participated in the church 's anti-gay campaigns .
Certainly protesters should refrain from belligerence , threats and intimidation .
However , the only way Mormon attitudes are going to change on this issue is through confrontation .
( And even then , attitudes will not change easily or quickly . )
On this point , I remember my own experience as a teenager in the 1970s , a time when Mormons continued to cling to another discriminatory value -- the so - called " Negro doctrine " which excluded people of African descent from the Mormon priesthood .
As justification for the priesthood ban , a number of pernicious theories were popular in Mormon culture .
I own a book from that era titled Mormonism and the Negro ( co- authored by a vice president at BYU ) , which patiently explains that Negroes are " descendants of Cain " and therefore subject to " Cain 's curse " because their spirits were " less valiant " than the spirits of white people .
( Although I did n't know it at the time , even these ideas were an improvement over the statements of Brigham Young in the 19th century , when he declared as a " law of God " that " If the white man who belongs to the chosen seed mixes his blood with the seed of Cain , the penalty , under the law of God , is death on the spot . " )
As a high school student in 1974 , I felt privately uncomfortable with the " Negro doctrine , " but like many members of the church , I did n't think about it very much .
It did n't become a personal thing for me until one day in gym class , when a black kid came up to me and angrily said he had heard that Mormons did n't think blacks like him should go to heaven .
What did I think of that ?
He wanted to know .
Technically , he was wrong about the theological details .
Mormons actually believed that blacks could go to heaven .
They just could n't have the priesthood .
I tried to make that distinction the basis for a joke to defuse the situation .
" No , we think you can go to heaven , " I replied .
" We just think you do n't deserve to . "
The black kid glared at me for a minute , and that was the end of the conversation .
Today , more than 30 years later , I do n't remember his name , but I remember the moment very clearly .
I imagine he walked away thinking he had wasted his breath by even talking to me .
He certainly did n't get a satisfactory reply .
But the conversation had an effect on me .
It left me feeling profoundly shaken and uncomfortable about a church practice that until then had seemed like a theoretical abstraction of no particular relevance to my own life .
Over time , that discomfort helped inform my thinking and changed my attitudes .
There were Mormons and non-Mormons who challenged the Negro doctrine long before I ever heard about it .
For most of them , challenging the status quo was unpleasant and sometimes was met with hostility -- all the more so because on that issue , as with the issue of gay rights , Mormons simply did not believe that they were guilty of promoting hatred or discrimination .
It took years for attitudes to change on the Negro doctrine , but in 1978 the Mormon Church officially announced a revelation -- from none other than Spencer W. Kimball -- which gave black Mormons the same priesthood rights as everyone else .
I remember when it happened .
( I was in Japan at the time , knocking on doors and trying to get people to read the Book of Mormon . )
Most members of the church were palpably relieved when the Negro doctrine was finally abandoned , but nevertheless it took pressure and personal confrontations to make this change happen .
On an issue like this one , where there are entrenched attitudes and strongly held beliefs , change comes one conversation at a time , haltingly , with discomfort and difficulty .
Some Mormons are having those conversations as they discover that members of their own family are gay .
Others are now having the conversation thrust upon them as people " target them in their private life " to challenge their political activities .
However discomfiting these conversations may be , they need to happen if attitudes are ever to change .
them all
Who 's theof ?
Baddest , thickest , wickedest drawl ?
We give you the skinny on who wetted it the best .
But first weto get this out of the way :
No , MC Lyte is not the best that ever did it .
Sorry . and with that , the anthemic " 9th Wonder " ( on the " Blowout Comb " LP ) was certified immortal .
And she 's still cool like that .
She being Mary Ann Vieira aka LadyBug Mecca , formerly of the hip - hop / jazz trio Digable Planets .
LadyBug has come a long way since her days in DP and opening for Sade but the woman is still deadly with a mic .
To combine the beauty , sophistication , refreshing voice , conscious lyrics that she does gets her on this list , regardless of what she 's doing right now .
Say what you can about the violent message , the gritty profanity , Lady of Rage was the roughest of battle - ryhmers for the now defunct Death Row Records .
Although her star shone for only a second , producing one softly received album , she 'll be forever known as the only female emcee featured on arguably the dopest hip - hop album of all time , Dr. Dre 's " The Chronic . " ( see , " Lyrical Gangbang " )
Eve , the self - proclaimed " Bulldog in a skirt " ( Not to be confused with Sarah Palin 's Bulldog in lipstick ) was - in her initial manifestation - the Kobe Bryant of female emcees :
Young , tenacious and rolling with a helluva team , the Rough Riders .
Her bravado was one of symbols : the curled lip , bleached hair , and tatted tatas were unmistakable across the world .
She had a posse that would make a New York hip - hop head cream : DMX , Drag-on , and the musical maestro , Swizz Beatz .
Her lyrical content was elementary but her persona was bigger than the stage .
Need proof ?
Name another female rapper with her own primetime sitcom ?
She 's in on GP .
When it comes to monotone flow with rhymes schemes that border on spectacular , Bahamadia has to be mentioned .
The masculine posturing , high cheekbones and gap teeth make Antonia Reed ( her birthname ) a hip - hop icon of the gritty persuasion , but girl can rap : Conscious as they come , quick and rapid - fire with the lyrics , Bahamadia has to be in every top 5 .
We'd be remiss if we did n't mention Jean Grae , the sickest vocabulary we 've ever heard .
She 's the unsigned hype that 's signed but still unhyped .
Music and dancing go together like Obama and Biden , Cheech and Chong .
Missy Elliott is synonomous with party music :
Her specialty is the uptempo joint .
Since parting ways with her musical backbone , superproducer Timbaland , she 's lost a step , but Missy back a few years ago was the fiercest party rocka out there .
Still she is to videos what Michael Jackson was to videos in the 1980s , only with top - notch hip - hop choreography .
Her rap skills are not as tight as they used to be , but she has expanded her focus to visual as well as audio strategies , and it 's shown .
And just like that Salt and Pepa 's " Take Yo Man " stormed the NYC airways in the early 1980s .
The girls were well put together and featured exceptional flow that still ranks high - calibur more than 20 years later .
Salt and Pepa are , without peers in the industry , as far as duos .
They are the RUN - DMC of female rap duos and on untouchable status .
There are a few notable others , known largely not for their lyrics as much as for their propensity to take off their clothes .
The high notes remain though , Foxy " Inga Marchland " Brown propelled Jay - Z's first hit record with the classic " Aint No Ni&& " .
Rah Digga 's finest moment may have been guest - starring on the " Whoa " remix with Black Rob and a baseball team of other rappers .
Lil Kim is more known for the company she kept ( Biggie , Sean Combs , rival to Faith Evans ) or going to jail than she is for any music she 's put out ; And Trina ?
Get serious .
There are a whole stable of female emcees that never even got the light of day .
The honorable mentions will be short but recognizable all the same : Da Brat , one of the few female rappers to have a hit record ; Shawnna from Ludacris ' DTP ; Jackie O ( Okay , I do n't know why I included her . ) . :
Surely you 've heard the ever - debatable theory of the unstoppable force vs. the immovable object ?
Queen Latifah has the qualities of both : Rapper / actress / singer / jazz artist extraordinaire .
Dana
Owens has been working it for more than 15 years , and we feel like she 's only midstream .
She 's the biggest female rapper alive .
Period .
Like Will Smith , never has a rapper translated energies like Queen Latifah has .
A spokesman for the New Delhi police said Sunday that 10 to 12 people had been detained about the bombings .
The police are studying video from closed - circuit television cameras at the market areas .
Investigators have “ vital ” and “ positive ” clues , the police spokesman , Rajan Bhagat , said at a news conference .
Image Dazed victims struggled to recover Saturday after an explosion on Barakhamba Road in New Delhi , one of five crowded areas struck in coordinated bombings .
Credit ... Mustafa Quraishi / Associated Press
Prime Minister Manmohan Singh visited victims in a New Delhi hospital on Sunday , and high - level ministers held a series of meetings about improving security .
“ We have discussed various measures that may be needed not only in Delhi but other major cities ” as well , the home secretary , Madhukar Gupta , told reporters on Sunday .
The attacks on Saturday evening were the latest in a series of bombings that have hit crowded areas in Indian cities in recent months .
The makeshift bombs rely on easily obtained materials like ammonium nitrate for explosives and loose metal bits like screws and nails to inflict damage .
Image A bomb squad moved what appeared to be an unexploded bomb into a round safety chamber .
Credit ...
Manpreet Romana / Agence France - Presse — Getty Images
Leaders around the world condemned the blasts .
Pakistan ’s newly elected president , Asif Ali Zardari , and its prime minister , Yousaf Raza Gilani , said in a statement that “ the people and the government of Pakistan share the pain of the victims and bereaved families . ”
David C. Mulford , the American ambassador to India , said the United States “ stands shoulder to shoulder with India in the fight against terror . ”
Editor 's note : David Craig is a film , television and Web producer , an adjunct professor at the Annenberg School of Communications at the University of Southern California , and a gay rights activist .
David Craig says there 's growing support for recognition of gay unions and gay marriage .
LOS ANGELES ( CNN ) --
My battle for marriage equality began in 1990 , after my partner , Brian Binder , and I had a commitment ceremony .
The ceremony was held at the end of a conference for Parents and Friends of Lesbian and Gays and was attended by more than 300 friends and members of both our families .
We were featured in a couple of books on gay marriage because the concept was so new at the time .
We also registered as domestic partners and entered into every possible form of legal recognition available at the time .
A few years later , Brian was visiting his parents in Nevada to inform them that he was giving up his battle with AIDS .
Something went horribly wrong , and he was rushed to the hospital .
I flew there immediately .
As his caretaker , I knew his medical condition and had been involved in every medical decision .
We had shared the joy of making a commitment to one another and the pain and suffering of a horrible disease .
But when I arrived , I was told I could not see him because I was not " family " and because my legal documents were valid only in California .
Even as I heard him calling out my name , they refused to let me see him because we were not married .
Brian died in 1992 .
In 1995 , I helped organize the first Freedom to Marry March in Los Angeles .
Ten years later , the idea for A Day Without Gays was conceived .
iReport.com :
Are you taking part in " A Day Without Gays ? "
I was discussing same - sex marriage with Delia Fine , my colleague at the A&E Network .
I proposed a gay version of Lysistrata , an ancient Greek satire about Athenian women who withheld sex from their husbands until they agreed to stop going to war .
She replied , " what if gays went on strike instead ? " and the idea was born .
We convinced A&E to produce a movie based on the idea , which became a romantic comedy called " Wedding Wars " that aired on the network in 2006 .
Critics compared the film to " A Day Without a Mexican , " which led to the one - day protest by the Latino community called A Day Without Immigrants .
In the wake of the passage of Proposition 8 in California , which banned same - sex marriage , I posted the event on Facebook .
My fellow organizer , Steve Holzer , inspired by the Latino protests , suggested we call it A Day Without Gays .
We soon discovered that other organizers had conceived of the same idea simultaneously , and we all agreed to schedule the protest for December 10 , which is International Human Rights Day .
A week later , Join The Impact , the group that organized City Hall rallies nationwide November 14 , joined forces with us .
Our goal is to raise awareness that marriage is a " basic human right " as declared by the U.S. Supreme Court in Loving v. Virginia , the case that ended race - based restrictions on marriage .
We believe that to deny gays and lesbians that right , and the 1,400 state and federal legal and economic benefits of marriage , is discrimination and in violation of the 14th Amendment .
We are asking people who support us to " call in gay " to their workplace by taking the day off or to shut down their businesses .
Our goal is to raise awareness that we are gay and lesbian Americans who work , own businesses , pay our taxes and support the economy to the tune of $ 712 billion a year , according to an analysis by Witeck - Combs Communications , a public relations agency that specializes in the gay and lesbian consumer market .
This is a declaration that we take our rights seriously and demand full equality .
Our Facebook site has had a million visitors , and more than 225,000 people indicate that they will or might participate .
There are also more than 17,000 postings from participants who have taken the time to debate , support and / or deride these issues .
There is still much to do .
Thirty states have passed bans on same - sex marriage .
Thirty states allow employers to fire someone based on sexual orientation , according to the American Civil Liberties Union .
Some states have instituted or are considering bans that directly or indirectly prevent gays and lesbians from adopting or fostering children .
In addition , the passage of the Defense of Marriage Act by Congress in 1996 denies civil unions what Barack Obama 's campaign described as the more than 1,100 benefits of marriage including immigration , taxation , Social Security and veteran 's benefits .
A recent Newsweek poll reflects that , for the first time , a majority of Americans now believe that gay and lesbian couples deserve recognition , with 55 percent supporting legally sanctioned unions .
It found increased backing for inheritance and other rights and found that 39 percent favor gay marriage .
The tide is clearly turning in our favor , and I believe that love , equality and support for all families will triumph .
In the words of Tony Kushner , " We will be citizens .
The time has come . "
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of David Craig .
All About Same - Sex Marriage • Facebook Inc. • U.S. Supreme Court
This is a wallpaper especially designed for Linux beginners .
It shows the main Linux commands and their descriptions .
Voici un fond d'écran spécialement conçu pour les utilisateurs débutants de Linux .
Il permet de visionner rapidement les principales commandes pour Linux ainsi que leurs descriptions .
Download ( 355 ko ) .
An article and research paper describe a fast , seemingly magical way to compute the inverse square root ( $ 1/\sqrt{x} $ ) , used in the game Quake .
I 'm no graphics expert , but appreciate why square roots are useful .
The Pythagorean theorem computes distance between points , and dividing by distance helps normalize vectors .
( Normalizing is often just a fancy term for division . )
3D games like Quake divide by distance zillions ( yes zillions ) of times each second , so " minor " performance improvements help immensely .
We do n't want to take the square root and divide the regular way : exponentiation and division are really , really expensive for the CPU .
Given these conditions , here 's the magic formula to get $ 1/ \sqrt{x} $ , as found in Quake ( my comments inserted ) :
float InvSqrt ( float x ) { float xhalf = 0.5 f * x ; int i = *( int * ) &x ; // store floating - point bits in integer i = 0x5f3759df - ( i >> 1 ) ; // initial guess for Newton 's method x = *( float * ) &i ; // convert new bits into float x = x *( 1.5 f - xhalf *x*x ) ; //
One round of Newton 's method return x ; }
Yowza !
Somehow , this code gets $ 1/ \sqrt{x} $ using only multiplication and bit - shift operations .
There 's no division or exponents involved -- how does it work ?
My Understanding :
This incredible hack estimates the inverse root using Newton 's method of approximation , and starts with a great initial guess .
To make the guess , it takes floating - point number in scientific notation , and negates & halves the exponent to get something close the the inverse square root .
It then runs a round of Newton 's approximation method to further refine the estimate and tada , we 've got something near the inverse square root .
Newton 's Method of Approximation
Newton 's method can be used to find approximate roots of any function .
You can keep iterating the method to get closer and closer to the root , but this function only uses 1 step !
Here 's a crash - course on Newton 's method ( it was new to me ) :
Let 's say you have a function f( x ) and you want to find its root ( aka where f( x ) = 0 ) .
Let 's call your original guess " g " .
Newton 's method gives you a way to get a new , better guess for the root :
You can keep repeating this process ( plugging in your new guess into the formula ) and get closer approximations for your root .
Eventually you have a " new guess " that makes f( new guess ) really , really close to zero -- it 's a root !
( Or close enough for government work , as they say ) .
In our case , we want the inverse square function .
Let 's say we have a number $ i$ ( that 's all we start with , right ? ) and want to find the inverse square root : $ 1/\sqrt{i}$ .
If we make a guess " x " as the inverse root , the error between our original number and our guess " x " is :
This is because x is roughly $ 1/\sqrt{i}$ .
If we square x we get $ 1 /i$ , and if we take the inverse we should get something close to $ i$ .
If we subtract these two values , we can find our error .
Clearly , we want to make our error as small as possible .
That means finding the " x " that makes error ( x ) = 0 , which is the same as finding the root of the error equation .
If we plug error ( x ) into Newton 's approximation formula :
and take the proper derivatives :
we can plug them in to get the formula for a better guess :
Which is exactly the equation you see in the code above , remembering that x is our new guess ( g ) and " xhalf " is half of the original value ( $ 0.5 i$ ) :
x = x *( 1.5 f - xhalf *x*x ) ;
With this formula , we can start with a guess " g " and repeat the formula to get better guesses .
Try this demo for using multiple iterations to find the inverse square :
In this demo , we start by guessing the square root is half the number : $ \sqrt{n} \sim \ frac{n} {2} $ , which means $ \frac{1}{\sqrt{n}} \sim \ frac{2}{n} $ .
Running a few rounds of Newton 's Method quickly converges on the real result .
( Try n=2 , 4 , 10 , etc. )
So my friends , the question becomes : " How can we make a good initial guess ? "
Making a Good Guess
What 's a good guess for the inverse square root ?
It 's a bit of a trick question -- our best guess for the inverse square root is the inverse square root itself !
Ok hotshot , you ask , how do we actually get $ 1/\sqrt{x} $ ?
This is where the magic kicks in .
Let 's say you have a number in exponent form or scientific notation :
Now , if you want to find the regular square root , you 'd just divide the exponent by 2 :
And if you want the inverse square root , divide the exponent by - 2 to flip the sign :
So , how can we get the exponent of a number without other expensive operations ?
Floats are stored in mantissa - exponent form
Well , we 're in luck .
Floating - point numbers are stored by computers in mantissa - exponent form , so it 's possible to extract and divide the exponent !
But instead of explicitly doing division ( expensive for the CPU ) , the code uses another clever hack : it shifts bits .
Right - shifting by one position is the same as dividing by two ( you can try this for any power of 2 , but it will truncate the remainder ) .
And if you want to get a negative number , instead of multiplying by - 1 ( multiplications are expensive ) , just subtract the number from " 0 " ( subtractions are cheap ) .
So , the code converts the floating - point number into an integer .
It then shifts the bits by one , which means the exponent bits are divided by 2 ( when we eventually turn the bits back into a float ) .
And lastly , to negate the exponent , we subtract from the magic number 0x5f3759df .
This does a few things : it preserves the mantissa ( the non-exponent part , aka 5 in : $ 5 \cdot 10 ^6 $ ) , handles odd - even exponents , shifting bits from the exponent into the mantissa , and all sorts of funky stuff .
The paper has more details and explanation , I did n't catch all of it the first time around .
As always , feel free to comment if you have a better explanation of what 's happening .
The result is that we get an initial guess that is really close to the real inverse square root !
We can then do a single round of Newton 's method to refine the guess .
More rounds are possible ( at an additional computational expense ) , but one round is all that 's needed for the precision needed .
So , why the magic number ?
The great hack is how integers and floating - point numbers are stored .
Floating - point numbers like $ 5.4 \ cdot 10 ^6 $ store their exponent in a separate range of bits than " 5.4 " .
When you shift the entire number , you divide the exponent by 2 , as well as dividing the number ( 5.4 ) by 2 as well .
This is where the magic number comes in -- it does some cool corrections for this division , that I do n't quite understand .
However , there are several magic numbers that could be used -- this one happens to minimize the error in the mantissa .
The magic number also corrects for even / odd exponents ; the paper mentions you can also find other magic numbers to use .
Resources
There 's further discussion on reddit ( user pb_zeppelin ) and slashdot :
Join Over 450k Monthly Readers Enjoy the article ?
There 's plenty more to help you build a lasting , intuitive understanding of math .
Join the newsletter for bonus content and the latest updates .
Other Posts In This Series
Posted in Haskell by Dan on December 3rd , 2008
If you want to generate HTML pages from Haskell , there are a few different approaches available .
The Haskell.org wiki lists several web - related libraries .
Text .
Html
The standard Haskell libraries include the Text .
Html module .
This is a combinator library that allows you to generate HTML pages by combining Haskell functions .
Each function is responsible for generating an HTML fragment and these fragments are combined to construct a complete page .
Haskell ’s static type - checking ensures that the output is well - formed ( though not necessarily valid ) .
By arranging your code appropriately , you can achieve a satisfactory separation of presentation and logic , but I ’m not comfortable with this approach .
The combinator idea works excellently for implementing parsers with Parsec but , in my opinion , is not such a good fit for generating web pages .
It reminds me a little bit of the dark age of Java web development when pages were generated by servlets concatenating Strings of HTML tags .
The combinator approach is more elegant than the unchecked concatenation of Strings in Java , but it ’s still an attempt to internalise HTML .
I ’d rather write my HTML in HTML than in Haskell ( or Java ) , particularly for complex pages with CSS and JavaScript involved .
WASH / HTML
WASH / HTML is another implementation of the combinator approach .
It guarantees both well - formedness and validity of its HTML 4.0.1 output .
WASH stands for Web Authoring System Haskell .
WASH provides a complete Haskell web stack , of which WASH / HTML is a part .
With WASH / HTML , a simple Hello World page is generated using the following code :
build _ document ( head ( title ( text " Hello World ! " ) ) ## body ( h1 ( text " Hello World ! " ) ) )
Haskell Server Pages
Haskell Server Pages ( HSP ) brings the ASP / JSP / PHP model to Haskell .
In other words , it mixes presentation mark - up with computations .
There are a some minor differences in the Haskell implementation of this idea compared to the imperative variants .
Perhaps most interestingly , all XML fragments are actually Haskell expressions , which allows the type - checker to enforce well - formedness .
Using HSP , an HTML page can be expressed as a Haskell function as follows ( where helloWorld is another function that generates the text content for the page ) :
page = < html > < head >< title > Hello World !</ title ></ head > < body >< p ><% helloWorld %></ p ></ body > </ html >
This is a lot closer to pure HTML than the combinator libraries .
HSP also supports the concept of XML pages and hybrid pages , so instead we can create an actual HTML document that includes Haskell code fragments :
< % import System .
Time %> < html > < head >< title >XML page </ title ></head > < body > < h1 > Hello World !</h1 > < p > Page requested at <% getSystemTime %></p> </body > </html >
HSP has roughly the same high - level benefits and drawbacks as JSP and PHP .
These technologies give you a lot of power but they can also lead you astray .
It takes discipline to maintain a clean separation between logic and presentation .
Since HSP permits ( requires ) side - effects , there ’s nothing to stop you from doing truly ugly things such as embedding database update logic in the code that generates your HTML pages .
HStringTemplate
HStringTemplate is a Haskell port of Terence Parr ’s StringTemplate engine ( originally for Java but also available for C# and Python ) .
StringTemplate is a templating engine along the lines of Apache Velocity but is more restrictive in what processing it permits templates to perform .
Specifically , it strictly enforces separation between model and view .
It is not possible for a template to cause side - effects elsewhere ( no database updates , etc. ) .
StringTemplate can be used for generating any kind of text output , not just XML / HTML .
In fact , one of its principal uses is as a code generator for ANTLR .
I have chosen to use HStringTemplate , in preference to the alternatives described above , for my current Haskell project .
A StringTemplate template for an HTML page looks something like this ( the StringTemplate website provides more details of the kinds of expressions that can be used ) :
< html > < head >< title >
Hello</ title ></head > < body >< p> Hello $ name $</p></body > </html >
To convert this into an HTML page , the template must be parsed , a value assigned to the “ name ” attribute , and the HTML rendered to a file .
The Haskell code to do this might look like this ( see the Haddock documentation for descriptions of the various functions ) :
import Text .
StringTemplate main = do templateText <- readFile " templateFile " template = newSTMP templateText writeFile " output File " html where html = toString $ setAttribute " name " " Dan " template
This is only a very simple example .
The StringTemplate template language provides facilities for working with lists and maps , and for recursion and basic conditionals .
HStringTemplate defines the type class ToSElem for mapping custom data types to types that can be inserted into a template .
A recent study in the UK revealed that energy generated by communities can produce about 13 % of all Britain ’s household power needs .
With the right policies in place this potential could rise to 54 % , according to the report .
Similar studies in the US indicate this kind of potential ’s there in the US as well .
A US example of how businesses are responding to the new realities is the Southeastern Texas company GreenPointe Holdings LLC .
The company was launched a few months back by Ed Burr , a seasoned real estate developer .
He plans to develop financially feasible eco-friendly communities throughout the Southeast and Texas .
Burr is aiming to coordinate with public / private partnerships to get infrastructure projects going .
“ Our company is unique because we are fusing the concepts of green building and sustainability , and the interlocking function of public / private partnerships , ” Burr was quoted as saying in a US newspaper .
The company ’s Jacksonville offices are a live testimony to this business strategy .
Energy saving air conditioners are placed on the roof , climate neutral carpets line the floors , the bathrooms have been fitted with double flushing toilets , appliances in the kitchen are Energy Star rated and the walls sport eco friendly paint .
Oh , and there ’s the lighting – all energy saving compact fluorescent bulbs .
Everything has been thought of .
The company aims to build residential developments in much the same style .
But it ’s not only housing that Burr is going to focus on ; he ’s all about infrastructure .
And that means roads , sewage systems and other structural public developments are going to emerge under his supervision .
But there ’s only a limited amount of guidelines that people like Burr have at their disposal .
Burr for the moment builds using the recommendations of the U.S. Green Building Council ’s Leadership in Energy and Environmental Design ( LEED ) , which offers a prestigious certification program .
The price tag ?
Burr ’s office cost fifteen percent more than when the offices had been erected with conventional materials .
But let ’s not talk about money just yet .
Let ’s instead look what ecological community building boils down to in the UK , a country which is much further evolved in getting its communities to adopt ecological issues .
A quick study learns that that energy is central to all efforts .
The Energy Savings Trust , which aims to promote the efficient use of energy and carbon footprint reductions , has proposed to create community energy services companies ( ESCOs ) to initiate and finance projects .
Financial calculations show that considerable savings can be made by scaling up wind , solar or biomass schemes from individual to community - sized projects .
Information on the Trust ’s website shows that private households could save 34 % of the cost of producing solar hot water and 18 % of electricity from wind turbines .
A global energy report by McKinsey underscores the crucial importance of energy considerations .
The study ’s main conclusion is that globally a large portion of the untapped potential for cost - effective energy productivity gains lies in the residential sector .
Key here is better building shells and more efficient water heating and lighting .
The Mc Kinsey analysts argue that the demand for energy could be curtailed by focusing on economically viable opportunities for energy - productivity improvements .
They project that global energy - demand growth could be kept at less than 1 % per annum – or less than half of the 2.2 % average growth to 2020 generally anticipated .
A living example of a thriving community which uses only a fraction of the energy that regular communities use is the London - based Beddington Zero Energy Development , or BedZED community .
BedZED is the UK ’s largest eco-village and it has been around since 2002 .
Designed by Bill Dunster Architects and developed by Peabody Trust and the BioRegional Development Group .
It is a community of 100 homes and provides work space for 100 people who share facilities .
The heating requirements of BedZED homes are around 10 percent of those of a regular home .
True .
And water usage is cut down by 50 percent .
GreenPointe also will focus on creating communities that thrive on energy saving practices .
Zero - net water and zero - net carbon are buzz words Burr uses a lot .
His business case might be obvious to you and I .
Yet how will home owners in general take to the higher initial costs that building green involves as the economic situation continues to deteriorate ?
And what about the downturn in the real estate sector ?
Will US consumers really start to chase after homes that are built in an environmentally friendly way or will they go for cheapness and forget about the environment ?
Various studies point out that green buildings , despite their higher upfront cost , turn out more attractive financially because of their energy saving features .
“ In order to avoid repeating the dire situation so many home owners are in today , it is critical that our thinking evolve around home costs , ” said Michelle Kaufmann , founder and chairwoman of Michelle Kaufmann Companies .
She ’s just published a white paper about the US housing industry which provides good insights in the changing perceptions of cost structures in the real estate sector .
“ Sticker price and mortgage payments are only one part of the equation .
Once we start to equate monthly costs with the true costs of a home , the positive impact will reverberate among home owners who will be less likely to find themselves living in homes they cannot afford and more likely to choose green homes which are often more affordable in the long - term , ” says Kaufmann .
Already , construction of green homes has risen to 6 percent in 2008 compared to 2 percent in 2005 , report analysts at McGraw - Hill Construction in a study entitled In “ The Green Consumer : Driving Demand for Green in Homes .
In monetary terms , that ’s a handsome $ 5 billion increase in market value .
Future projections are that by 2010 , 10 percent of the building sector will have adopted ecological principles , representing a total value of $ 60 billion .
Like an overinflated pilates ball , Apple 's long - standing culture of secrecy has sprung a few leaks .
The tight - lipped corporate giant recently made a move toward transparency when it lifted its iPhone non-disclosure agreement .
The unpopular policy prohibited iPhone application developers from discussing their coding techniques .
Lifting the NDA may hurt Apple by exposing the inner workings of the iPhone to competitors like Google and Nokia .
But increasingly open competitors and disgruntled developers may have forced Apple 's hand .
" We put the NDA in place because the iPhone OS includes many Apple inventions and innovations that we would like to protect , so that others do n’t steal our work , " Apple wrote in an open letter to iPhone developers .
" It has happened before ....
However , the NDA has created too much of a burden on developers , authors and others interested in helping further the iPhone ’s success , so we are dropping it for released software . "
Since Steve Jobs retook the helm in 1997 , Apple has operated with a level of secrecy comparable to the CIA .
The company is famously unresponsive to press inquiries and frequently leaves even its own retail employees in the dark about upcoming products .
But the NDA lift combined with other recent examples of openness suggest that Apple has been deviating from its old regime .
Another example where Apple caved in to the transparency trend involved MobileMe , its $ 99 internet service that got off to an extremely rocky start .
For two weeks after MobileMe's July launch , an estimated 20,000 users could not access e-mail due to a server error .
And for most of that time , Apple left those affected by the error in the dark – until journalists and customers clamored about the issue so much that the company started a blog devoted to updating users on MobileMe 's progress .
Add to the list the recent Apple TV 2.2 and iPhone 2.1 software updates , for which Apple devoted entire web pages to detailing new features and bug fixes .
Previously , when Apple released updates the descriptions were as vague as a single bulletpoint reading " Bug fixes . "
And again , people complained .
But in some ways , the corporation 's modus operandi has benefited its sales :
Keeping everyone guessing about what 's to come from Apple has generated an ubiquitous , constant buzz , serving as free , psychologically alluring advertising for the corporation .
So what gives with the openness ?
" One of the things that 's happening to Apple is that it 's less able to keep secrets than it used to be , because it has a broader supply chain and broader distribution , " said Roger Kay , an Endpoint Technologies analyst .
" And because it 's dealing with parties that need plans – partners as well as some customers – they need to disclose their plans . "
Kay explained that Apple is n't alone anymore ; the company is now working more closely with partners , such as iPhone developers , mobile carriers and so on .
That inevitably forces the company to open up .
He added that the iPhone NDA was especially strange , because a scientific community relies on communication to ensure development and innovation
\ – " So people do n't reinvent the wheel , " he said .
But despite the corporation 's recent demonstrations of being slightly more open ,
Valleywag managing editor Owen Thomas said Apple does n't have what it takes to be open .
Thomas , who has been reporting on Apple for years , explained that Apple 's recent moves toward transparency were purely for public relations .
Thomas noted that Apple launched the
MobileMe blog in reaction to complaints or criticism – and that this move does n't reflect any fundamental change .
" I would say they 're trying more actively to make up for pitfalls of their closedness , " Thomas said in a phone interview .
" They 're recognizing that they have a problem but they have n't really changed the fundamental culture of the company ; they 're just putting a bunch of Band - Aids on the problem . "
" I do n't think they 're becoming more open , " he added .
" They 're trying to seem more open and being very clumsy at it . "
Clumsy or not , the question remains : Will Apple learn from its mistakes ?
The next time Apple stumbles like it did with
MobileMe , will the company immediately launch a blog keeping customers informed on progress being made to fix a major problem ?
Will the company continue releasing detailed descriptions with each and every software update ?
Neither Kay nor Thomas thinks so .
But eerily enough , before this article 's publication , Wired.com received an e-mail from Apple 's PR department about Thursday night 's Apple TV update .
That never happens – usually , we e-mail Apple to ask about something and we never hear back , so we 're forced to write " Apple did not return phone calls or e-mails for comment . "
Could this be the sign of a new , press - friendly regime down in Cupertino ?
Nah , we did n't think so either .
* Photo : MacRonin47 / Flickr *
Editor ’s note :
This article was originally printed in The Independent .
The collapse of Afghanistan is closer than the world believes .
Kandahar is in Taliban hands — all but a square mile at the centre of the city — and the first Taliban checkpoints are scarcely 15 miles from Kabul .
Hamid Karzai ’s deeply corrupted government is almost as powerless as the Iraqi cabinet in Baghdad ’s “ Green Zone ” ; lorry drivers in the country now carry business permits issued by the Taliban which operate their own courts in remote areas of the country .
The Red Cross has already warned that humanitarian operations are being drastically curtailed in ever larger areas of Afghanistan ; more than 4,000 people , at least a third of them civilians , have been killed in the past 11 months , along with scores of Nato troops and about 30 aid workers .
Both the Taliban and Mr Karzai ’s government are executing their prisoners in ever greater numbers .
The Afghan authorities hanged five men this month for murder , kidnap or rape — one prisoner , a distant relative of Mr Karzai , predictably had his sentence commuted — and more than 100 others are now on Kabul ’s death row .
This is not the democratic , peaceful , resurgent , “ gender - sensitive ” Afghanistan that the world promised to create after the overthrow of the Taliban in 2001 .
Outside the capital and the far north of the country , almost every woman wears the all - enshrouding burkha , while fighters are now joining the Taliban ’s ranks from Kashmir , Uzbekistan , Chechnya and even Turkey .
More than 300 Turkish fighters are now believed to be in Afghanistan , many of them holding European passports .
“ Nobody I know wants to see the Taliban back in power , ” a Kabul business executive says — anonymity is now as much demanded as it was before 2001 — “ but people hate the government and the parliament which does n’t care about their security .
The government is useless .
With so many internally displaced refugees pouring into Kabul from the countryside , there ’s mass unemployment — but of course , there are no statistics .
“ The ‘ open market ’ led many of us into financial disaster .
Afghanistan is just a battlefield of ideology , opium and political corruption .
Now you ’ve got all these commercial outfits receiving contracts from people like USAID .
First they skim off 30 to 50 per cent for their own profits — then they contract out and sub -contract to other companies and there ’s only 10 per cent of the original amount left for the Afghans themselves . ”
Afghans working for charitable organisations and for the UN are telling their employers that they are coming under increasing pressure to give information to the Taliban and provide them with safe houses .
In the countryside , farmers live in fear of both sides in the war .
A very senior NGO official in Kabul — again , anonymity was requested — says both the Taliban and the police regularly threaten villagers .
“ A Taliban group will arrive at a village headman ’s door at night — maybe 15 or 16 of them — and say they need food and shelter .
And the headman tells the villagers to give them food and let them stay at the mosque .
Then the police or army arrive in the day and accuse the villagers of colluding with the Taliban , detain innocent men and threaten to withhold humanitarian aid .
Then there ’s the danger the village will be air - raided by the Americans . ”
In the city of Ghazni , the Taliban ordered all mobile phones to be switched off from 5 pm until 6 am for fear that spies would use them to give away guerrilla locations .
The mobile phone war may be one conflict the government is winning .
With American help the Interior Ministry police can now track and triangulate calls .
Once more , the Americans are talking about forming “ tribal militias ” to combat the Taliban , much as they did in Iraq and as the Pakistani authorities have tried to do on the North West Frontier .
But the tribal lashkars of the [ 1980s ] were corrupted by the Russians and when the system was first tried out two years ago — it was called the Auxiliary Police Force — it was a fiasco .
The newly - formed constabulary stopped showing up for work , stole weapons and turned themselves into private militias .
“ Now every time a new Western ambassador arrives in Kabul , they dredge it all up again , ” another NGO official says in near despair .
” ‘ Oh , ’ they proclaim , ‘ let ’s have local militias — what a bright idea . ’
But that will not solve the problem .
The country is subject to brigandage as well as the cruelty of the Taliban and the air raids which Afghans find so outrageous .
The international community has got to stop spinning and do some fundamental thinking which should have been done four or five years ago . ”
What this means to those Westerners who have spent years in Kabul is simple .
Is it really the overriding ambition of Afghans to have “ democracy ” ?
Is a strong federal state possible in Afghanistan ?
Is the international community ready to take on the warlords and drug barons who are within Mr Karzai ’s own government ?
And — most important of all — is development really about “ securing the country ” ?
The tired old American adage that “ where the Tarmac ends , the Taliban begins ” is untrue .
The Taliban are mounting checkpoints on those very same newly - built roads .
The Afghan Minister of Defence has 65,000 troops under his dubious command but says he needs 500,000 to control Afghanistan .
The Soviets failed to contain the country even when they had 100,000 troops here with 150,000 Afghan soldiers in support .
And as Barack Obama prepares to send another 7,000 US soldiers into the pit of Afghanistan , the Spanish and Italians are talking of leaving while the Norwegians may pull their 500 troops out of the area north of Heart .
Repeatedly , Western leaders talk of the “ key ” — of training more and more Afghans to fight in the army .
But that was the same “ key ” which the Russians tried — and it did not fit the lock .
“ We ” are not winning in Afghanistan .
Talk of crushing the Taliban seems as bleakly unrealistic as it has ever been .
Indeed , when the President of Afghanistan tries to talk to Mullah Omar — one of America ’s principal targets in this wretched war — you know the writing is on the wall .
And even Mullah Omar did n’t want to talk to Mr Karzai .
Partition is the one option that no one will discuss — giving the southern part of Afghanistan to the Taliban and keeping the rest — but that will only open another crisis with Pakistan because the Pashtuns , who form most of the Taliban , would want all of what they regard as “ Pashtunistan ” ; and that would have to include much of Pakistan ’s own tribal territories .
It will also be a return to the “ Great Game ” and the redrawing of borders in south - west Asia , something which — history shows — has always been accompanied by great bloodshed .
Sharon
A human being should be able to change a diaper , plan an invasion , butcher a hog , conn a ship , design a building , write a sonnet , balance accounts , build a wall , set a bone , comfort the dying , take orders , give orders , cooperate , act alone , solve equations , analyze a new problem , pitch manure , program a computer , cook a tasty meal , fight efficiently , die gallantly .
Specialization is for insects .
- Robert A. Heinlein
I have an embarassing confession to make - I ’m not handy at all , and I have absolutely no excuse for it .
You see , unlike my husband , who grew up in an apartment where a super handled any fixing , I grew up with two parents who were both extremely handy .
There was my Dad , who smelted his own bullets in our furnace , fixed things and taught me to handle a knife , an axe and screwdriver early on .
And , just in case I should try and get away with whining that I did n’t learn because I was a girl ( total nonsense , my Dad would have had no truck with that ) , my step - mother is an extremely talented woodworker , who I got to watch renovate our home more or less by herself through my whole adolescence .
Sue is incredibly talented - I have beautiful bookcases , my sons have beautiful wooden toys and a gorgeous toy box - and whenever she comes to my house , runs about fixing everything that Eric and I are ignoring .
She tried hard to pass on her skills - and it did n’t take .
As a teenager , I was busy getting ready to live the life of the mind - the fact that even minds get broken toilets and funky wiring did n’t really register until after I left home .
Basically , the reason I ’m not handy is that I ’ve never bothered to really get the skill set in any coherent way - somehow when I was younger I was n’t paying enough attention and did n’t realize what I was missing out on , and then I was busy getting other skill sets into order - busy learning gardening and farming , food preservation and mending ( all , btw , skills I could have gotten from someone I was related to , but mostly did n’t - I sometimes wonder what the heck I was doing during my adolescence ) .
Eric has the same lacks , with better excuse , although it is more embarassing for him , since he ’s a guy , and thus “ supposed to ” know how to build stuff and fix things - particularly out in these parts where most of my neighbors pretty much could build their own houses from scratch with a McGyver - like collection of odds and ends .
We could probably make a plastic model of a house out of my son ’s legos - but I would n’t bet on it not falling over .
We joke that there are two kinds of people in the world - the ones who have a window that wo n’t open and immediately rush over to fix it , because it should n’t be that way , and those who say “ ok , I ’ll just open the other window . ”
We ’re both the second kind , and there ’s a price to that kind of laziness .
Now we ’ve both been forced to learn some basics - we ’ve gotten fairly good at small engine repair maintaining the ratty riding mower and the rag tag cars we ’ve had over the years , and we can build simple , box shaped things .
They tend to look a little funny , though .
For a while I avoided most woodworking because I was pretty constantly pregnant or nursing and did n’t want the chemical exposure ( and yes , I know there are ecological options out there ) , but that ’s not been a good excuse for a while yet .
And one of my New Year ’s resolutions ( yeah , I know it is only November , but we Jews get our New Year early ) is to fix this gap .
Time for me to really understand how things go together , and get handy - at least enough .
I keep putting it off , though , because I really hate feeling incompetent .
I remember when I first was learning to knit - I knew that eventually it would become as natural as breathing , but boy did I hate every single second of the period before it did - it was so frustrating , so maddening .
Why could n’t I get good faster , dammit ?!!
I do n’t like to be bad at things - and of course , a period of being bad at things is required in order to get good .
It is easier not to try , to complain I ca n’t do it .
This was banged home to me the other day , when Isaiah , who is nearing five and in kindergarten , echoed my own internal whining .
You see , Isaiah is learning to read - and it is n’t his favorite thing .
He ’s a natural at math and science , but unlike his big brother Simon , who picked up reading at 3 and never looked back , this language stuff is work for Isaiah .
Now do n’t get me wrong - we ’re in no hurry , and we ’re not pushing him hard - he ’s not even five yet , and we believe it is perfectly normal for him not to read for a while yet .
But we do require that he practice his letters and pre-reading activities , and do a little bit of practice sounding things out - maybe 10 minutes a day in total .
Well , yesterday , Isaiah told me that “ I ’ll do my reading work tomorrow .
Or the next day .
I ’m not very good at it . ”
I told him that I thought he was doing just fine , actually - that he was doing very well for his age .
And he told me that he liked math better , because it was easy , and he liked being good at things , so he did n’t want to learn to read if it meant not being good .
Well , out of the mouths of babes , as they say .
And I heard myself telling Isaiah that while it was ok that he did n’t want to read yet , that reading was n’t one of that category of things that it matters much whether you are naturally talented or not - everyone needs to learn .
Barring some very serious disabilities , we pretty much accept that everyone is supposed to learn to read , and reasonably well ( we ’ll ignore the question of whether this happens or not ) .
I heard myself saying gently that there are certain things everyone needs to know , and reading is one of them .
And , of course , fixing things and being able to adapt your basic environment is too .
And of course , I do n’t want my kids picking up the notion that learning how to do that is n’t just as important as learning how to read .
I want them to be as competent as they can be with language and with tools .
I was struck by my own cowardice - like Isaiah , I do n’t want to be bad at it , so it is easier not to do it .
But the difference is that Isaiah ’s only four , and he does n’t really have to read right now .
We can let the whole thing go for a year or more , and be none the worse for it .
But the reality is that we might not have the money to pay people to fix our stuff soon - and I ’m well past the age that I should be doing the work .
Periodically I hear others ( and I do this myself ) say “ I ’m not good at X ” For X you can insert just about anything - growing food , sewing , cooking , repairing things .
Now sometimes this goes to a real physical disability that has to be overcome - or can’t .
There are things those of us with physical or intellectual limitations may never be able to do - just like there are people who will never master their times tables or learn to read .
But barring such disabilities , there are some things in life that the general consensus requires that we have a certain basic , minimal skill set in .
For example , children may come to reading or arithmetic with great difficulty or great ease , but the assumption is that they need to learn to read and do their times tables .
They may never do them naturally , but they have to be able to .
And the truth is that for most people who received an adequate education , they can read and figure , if laboriously .
There are large chunks of basic subsistence skills that we really need to treat as part of the same basic categories as reading and math - things that every adult person should have a certain level of minimal competence in , barring a true physical or mental barrier to them .
I ’m not sure I ’d use Robert Heinlein ’s list quoted above , but you can come up with a decent one that is n’t too far off and that prepares us for this new world where we ca n’t buy our way out of so many problems - all of us need to know how to cook a decent meal , handle an injury or illness crisis , tend a sick kid , fix a broken step , darn a sock , dehydrate a tomato , tell a story , grow a potato , build a sun oven , bake a loaf of bread , put up fence , season cast iron , mend a rip , care for a dying person , sing a baby to sleep , clean a toilet , knit or crochet a sock , fix a roof , use a weapon , plant a tree , immobilize a limb , make someone understand a counter - intuitive idea , save seed , sharpen a knife , chop garlic , make beer , have courage , fix a bicycle tire , make soup , give a pep talk …
The truth is that for most people , with most things ( and again , I know there are exceptions ) , “ I ’m not good at it ” is a cop out .
The reality is that most of us are n’t going to be very good at everything - some things will always be struggle , and as long as we ’ve got the time and money and energy to find alternative ways of dealing with it , it is perfectly fine to say that I want to reserve my struggling for things I care more about .
What ’s not ok is telling our kids , or ourselves the lie that it is ok to use our fear of failure or our hatred of being bad at things as an excuse for picking up skills .
The other thing it is n’t ok to use as an excuse for this is division of labor , particularly by gender or class roles .
That ’s not to say that there are n’t jobs that it wo n’t make sense to contract out to a partner or someone who needs the money - there ’s nothing wrong with you saying “ I have more money than time right now , I ’m going to get someone to build in those pantry shelves . ”
Nor is it bad to acknowledge that your 6′3 , 200 lb husband is probably better at hauling hay bales than a 5′1 , 90lb spouse .
But the reality is that spouses sometimes go away , and things happen when they are n’t around - and occasionally , they die or marriages break up .
Sometimes spouses are away just as the cattle need feeding , and the money dries up even though you really need those shelves .
The wrong attitude here is the “ my wife does the cooking , so I do n’t have to ” or “ I ’m very important and I make lots of money , so I do n’t have to know how to fix my bike . ”
Instead , the idea is that all of us be able to handle the basics - we can hire our friend who is a talented seamstress to if there ’s cash , but if rips need mending and there ’s no money , we need to be able to make the clothes wearable .
All the men and boys need to know how to do “ women ’s work ” at least to a competent minimum , and vice versa ( and yes , I ’m using the term ironically ) .
Everyone gets up on the roof , at least enough to be able to know how to keep the rain off - and then , if you are fortunate enough to have someone else in your life willing to go up in the rain and fix it , well , you can be grateful , but not dependent .
I ’m going to bet that everyone one of us has a little guilty spot right now , a thing they know they should learn , a skill they ’ve been avoiding picking up , something that they ’ve already tried and put down in frustration because they sucked at it .
So I ’m about to give you folks a bit of a challenge - I invite you to take a look at the holes in your own competence , pick one that needs filling , and get to work on filling it .
My project is to get handy - I want to be able to build my own bookcases and fix my own plumbing .
I ’ll be posting regularly about how it is all going , and I ’m hoping for lots of support as I make plenty of stupid , incompetent mistakes .
In turn , I really invite you to tell us about all your failures and inadequacies as you gain a skill you really need .
We promise , we are n’t going to let you fail .
And maybe you ’ll inspire the rest of us to keep going , or to try yet another skill after we master the basics of this one .
So who is in ?
Sharon
Some 9,000 delegates , activists and researchers assembled in Poznan , Poland on Monday , for the opening of the fourteenth session of the Conference of the Parties to the UN Framework Convention on Climate Change ( COP14 ) .
The meeting is the fourth of its kind this year .
And even though the U.S. delegation will be comprised of the outgoing Bush team , the pending change in American leadership is palpable in Poznan as global climate conferees see the potential of president - elect Barack Obama ushering in a new era of U.S. leadership on the environment .
[ social_buttons ]
The Poznan conference is the halfway mark in a two - year negotiation to replace the 1997 Kyoto Protocol , which ‘ required ’ 37 industrial countries to slash carbon emissions below 1990 levels by an average 5 percent by 2012 .
Delegates have set a deadline of December 2009 to enact a new agreement to reduce worldwide emissions of greenhouse gases .
Although no members of Obama ’s transition team will be at the UN talks , Obama sent along Massachusetts Senator John Kerry to Poznan , as an observer for the December 1 - 12 conference .
“ It ’s a very exciting time .
It ’s a moment we have been waiting for , many of us , for some period of time ; we intend to pick up the baton and really run with it , ” Democratic Senator John Kerry told reporters , as he prepared to head to Poland .
Obama has been “ very , very clear that after eight years of obstruction and delay and denial , the US is going to rejoin the world community in tackling this global challenge , ” Sen .
Kerry added .
President - elect Obama ’s plan of cutting back on CO2 emissions to 1990 levels by 2020 , with a further 80 percent by 2050 has impressed those involved in the UNFCC process , especially as compared to the position of outgoing President George W. Bush , who gave little serious attention to the matter diplomatically .
“ It ’s ambitious , ” Yvo de Boer , the UN ’s top climate official said of the target .
De Boer praised Obama for saying that he would seek to cut U.S. emissions of greenhouse gases back to 1990 levels by 2020 as part of global action to avert more heatwaves , floods , droughts , more powerful storms and rising seas .
Despite the optimistic tone , do not expect any binding agreements to come out of the talks .
The way this process is set up , delegates need to work through the 86 - page proposal , containing the “ blueprints ” for future plans of tackling climate change , such as new , energy - efficient technologies and renewable energy .
Fleshing out the proposals and agreeing on language is not something that will come without considerable efforts .
The U.S. delegation , led by Undersecretary of State Paula Dobriansky will likely take a relatively low profile .
Other notable members of the team include Harlan L. Watson , the State Department ’s special envoy to the UN on climate change and Chairman of the White House Council on Environmental Quality James L. Connaughton , who will join in representing the United States at the high - level portion of the conference on December 11 - 12 .
Many observers remain cautious .
“ We ’ve heard good rhetoric in the past , ” during the Clinton - Gore administration , says Jennifer Morgan , climate - change program director for E3G , an environmental think tank and advocacy group in London .
“ But they did n’t do much . ”
If you plan on following the talks over the next two weeks , as I do , I suggest you make yourself familiar with the five things to watch in Poznan , and keep an eye out for more coverage of COP14 here at RG&B and all over the Green Options Media network .
Image : JerrySocoa via flickr under a Creative Commons License
Health they say is wealth .
Having good health is a plus .
This is to promote good health , report any thing related to health .
Yet I do not endorse any form of medical solution mentioned here .
My advice is , seek the best when you can afford it .
But as much as it depends on you , live a preventive lifestyle , not curative .
Well , now we know my pals the Somali pirates are loyal War Nerd readers .
At the end of my column saluting them for taking on a supertanker , I suggested they go for a cruise ship next :
“ Today that supertanker , tomorrow the cruise ships !
All those overfed retirees have relatives who ’ll pay big to see their crumbly old folks back in Arizona !
Just a word to the wise , just a hint for next time !
You ca n’t miss ’em , big white ships that smell like buffet tables and used Depends ! ”
Well , they gave it the old Somali college try , according to a story in today ’s Telegraph .
A couple of Somali pirate boats , those fast open boats they use for boarding , zoomed toward the Oceana Nautica and fired a few shots at it by way of saying , “ Hi !
Why not take a break ashore in our new Hostage - Cave Hilton ? ”
The liner outran them , apparently , so it did n’t even get a chance to use the wonderful hi-tech defense system the article mentions :
“ When threatened , some liners possess long - range acoustic devices ( LRAD ) , which emit high frequency noise , to deter potential attackers . ”
Oooo , scary !
Loud noises !
Got those pirates on the running , begging for mercy : “ Please , do n’t aim loud noises at me ! ” Come on , for God ’s sake .
Somali pirates probably do n’t have that great hearing to begin with , not after a lifetime of firing heavy weapons from the backs of pickup trucks .
And they ’re not sensitive plants , either , because in a place like that the sensitive types get planted early .
You think they ’re going to be deterred by a Brit recording ?
Benny
Hill screeching , “ Ooo , you wicked poi-ruts , go stick yer fingers in yer ears and go ting - a - ling - a - loo ! ”
I have a better defense system to suggest to the cruise lines .
It ’s called the LRHLD , or “ long range hot lead dispenser , ” also known as a heavy machine gun .
I would love , totally love , the job of Secretary of Defense on one of these love boats , sunning on deck and drinking whatever those tropical drinks are called and every few days getting the call , “ Oh Gary , pirates off the stern ! ”
I ’d sigh and moan and waddle over to the machine gun and turn the barrel a few degrees and watch the little splashes get closer and closer to the speedboat until I got full Halo 3 points for it , then go back to the serious work of tanning .
I hereby volunteer for this hazardous duty .
You think my pals the pirates would grudge me a little sun time on the deck , a little easy money ?
I do n’t ; they ’re pros , just like me .
They know what time it is .
So you bring the machine gun , I ’ll bring the sociopathy and the trigger finger , and we ’ll meet up in the Gulf of Aden .
Or if you do n’t like the machine gun idea , I can also yell real loud and I do a mean Benny Hill .
Gary Brecher is the author of the War Nerd .
Send your comments to brecher@exiledonline.com .
Click the cover , buy the book !
Mac Geek Mike
Lee is a committed atheist living a deeply spiritual life
Mike Lee , Mac Geek , " world 's toughest programmer , " atheist and deeply spiritual person .
Mike Lee , Mac Geek , " world 's toughest programmer , " atheist and deeply spiritual person .
Photo : Mary Brunson Photo : Mary Brunson Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Mac Geek Mike
Lee is a committed atheist living a deeply spiritual life 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
One big thing I 've learned over the past four years of writing this column is that a person 's spirituality will often surprise you .
The way we connect with the divine is profoundly personal , whether we 're members of an organized faith or prefer to blaze our own paths to God and Goddess .
I 've discovered that evangelist preachers are n't always prim and proper , scientists can wholeheartedly embrace ideas they can't prove , Buddhists are n't always tranquil and polytheists may happily believe in one God .
Even atheists can have what I would describe as deeply spiritual lives .
The latter realization came by way of my interview this week with Mike Lee , a name familiar to Mac geeks around the world .
Lee and his team developed the wildly popular iPhone app , " Tap Tap Revenge " ( over one million downloads within four weeks of its release ) and recently released Puzzllotto for the iPhone , an app that combines real - world charity with a digital adventure through a dark jungle populated by big-eyed critters and strange spirits .
Lee , 32 , describes himself on his blog as the " world 's toughest programmer . "
That toughness was born out of surviving an abusive childhood , which was followed by a mostly unsuccessful search for meaning in the Christian , Buddhist and Shinto faiths .
Lee , who grew up in Hawaii and now lives in Cupertino , eventually became a committed atheist .
Still , he continues to cultivate the values that were important to his samurai ancestors , believing that " a life lived according to the virtues of rectitude , courage , benevolence , respect , honesty , honor and loyalty should please any reasonable deity . "
I discussed discovering the divine in programming code and electronic connections , saving the Madagascar Lemur and altruistic capitalism with Lee via e-mail .
When I find myself in a moral quandary , I 'll analyze the problem on my blog and discuss it on Twitter .
My peer group 's role in resolving moral quandaries did n't change when I swapped the church pews for ergonomic Aeron chairs and the songbook for a MacBook .
Can you give me an example ?
I 'll give you a recent one , about citizenship .
This came up when I traveled to Nevada to help get out the vote for the Obama campaign .
I thought , what if citizenship was something you had to earn instead of simply being a birthright ?
Maybe the reason why people can't be bothered to show up to vote is because they do n't appreciate that right , because they did n't have to earn it .
And maybe they should have to fulfill certain requirements , like an immigrant would have to do , to gain that right .
So I wrote some posts on Twitter , and that led to a big debate that raged on for a couple of hours .
The discussion taught me a lot .
The basic conclusion that I reached is that nationhood is just a bigger form of neighborhood .
We all live here , and we have to get along ; the only way for that to work is for us all to be equal , as citizens .
If you made everyone apply to be a citizen , it would separate the country into two classes , and that would be a huge mistake .
You grew up as an evangelical Christian .
What role did religion play in your upbringing ?
Religion was everything ; it was all consuming .
My own life was a distant second to my duties as a Christian .
In fact , to die in the name of religion actually seemed appealing to me from an intellectual standpoint .
I spent most of my time reading the Bible , going to church and preparing for the coming apocalypse .
You thought the world was coming to an end ?
I did n't think the world was going to end - I knew it was going to end .
I believed that the book of Revelation was the true prophecy of events that would happen in my lifetime .
If I was pious , I would be lifted to heaven in Rapture , but if I messed up I could go through the apocalypse and earn my place in heaven as a martyr .
You told me that you began questioning your religious beliefs when you were in high school .
What happened ?
I 'm not sure why , but by high school I had begun asking myself what separated the stories in the Bible from , say , the myths of ancient Greece .
I sought answers to this question in the one place you 're told you can trust , the word of God .
But the more I read the Bible , the more I saw its flaws .
That was the first crack in my faith , but it got wider as time went on .
Ultimately , my questioning led to a kind of restlessness unlike anything I had experienced .
The pivotal moment came after high school , when I was 18 .
I was in limbo about where I wanted to live , what I wanted to be in life .
I read this book called " Kokoro , " by Natsume Soseki , which argues that every life has an ideal path that it should follow , and at a certain point you can get so far from that path that the only thing to do is kill yourself .
It made me question the path I had been on as a Christian .
It was the first time I looked at my life in something different than religious terms .
I thought , " There is no Armageddon .
There 's just you and the world , and what are you going to do ? "
Well , I was n't happy where I had ended up .
It seems silly now ... I was just 18 , but I thought that I had really messed up .
I wanted a mulligan on existence .
And the only logical thing to do was to kill myself .
You were dealing with a lot of pain in your life , not just because of your doubts about Christianity , but because your family situation was very difficult .
I was in the middle of a war going on between my parents .
These were adults who were supposed to be raising me , but instead I became a victim in the crossfire .
My mother and my stepfather , whom I lived with , hated my father .
They used me as a proxy for him , blaming me for everything they thought he ever did , and punishing me by shaming me and beating me .
I would do something my stepfather did n't like , and he would whip out this belt and go to town .
It was n't the reluctant spanking of a frustrated parent .
It was gleeful .
He made it very clear that he enjoyed beating me .
I guess you had the option of turning to your religion to make sense of all this horror or rejecting it ... why do you think you opted to turn away ?
In the church , they taught us that man was created with a hollowness inside him .
You could fill that emptiness with sex or drugs or partying with your friends , but at the end of the day , all these things will leave you empty .
Only Jesus can fill that hole , and until you come back to him , you will never know peace .
That 's what they told me , but deep down I felt certain that it was n't true .
Yeah , I knew there was a big hole inside of me , but I was determined to find another way - other than Jesus - to fill it .
Where did that lead you ?
For a time , I sought refuge in my father 's culture .
He was born in Japan - so I listened to Japanese music , studied Japanese literature and watched Japanese movies .
I considered my official religion to be a mix of traditional Shinto and mass - market Buddhism .
In other words , I held the same religious beliefs of any other Japanese person .
As part of this practice I would pray to my great - grandfather and the local gods of where I happened to be .
Reverence for one 's ancestors is an important aspect of Shinto doctrine .
I still revere my great - grandfather and respect the local gods , though I 've stopped praying to either .
If pressed to reconcile the animism of Shinto with my rational world view , I 'd tell you that every place has its own spirit , each rock its own being .
But I consider the personification of that spirit to be a metaphor , the way I believe in Santa Claus as the personification of Christmas .
I 've lived all over Oahu , but I spent my most formative years in Manoa valley .
This was where I became a man , and it's the one place on earth I consider home .
Its moist , rich air hits my brain like a drug , filling me with nostalgia in a way the rest of the island no longer can .
That feeling is my understanding of the sacredness of a place .
You say that you believe in spirits and you 're talking about sacredness .
So why did you become an atheist ?
And how is that not a contradiction ?
My search for religion was ultimately a search for answers posed by life 's big questions .
Why are we here ?
Where are we going ?
What are we supposed to be doing ?
Without a doubt , how you answer those questions frames the way you experience the world .
But whether you interpret the feeling that you get from , say , a walk in the woods , as the presence of God or the spirit in the animist sense or even as chemicals flying around in your brain , the feeling is the same .
The sacredness that a Christian or a Shinto adherent or an atheist experiences is the same feeling , in my opinion .
We 're all living in the same world .
It 's just the interpretation of that experience that changes .
Do n't those differing interpretations matter ?
They are , after all , the source of a great deal of conflict in the world .
Sure they matter .
Your beliefs affect how you act in the world , and that 's important .
At the same time , I do n't spend a lot of time worrying about how my views may differ from someone else's .
That was one thing about Christianity that really bothered me - the need to impose one 's worldview on another person .
At the end of the day , people should be left alone to do their own thing .
As long as they 're not actively interfering with other people , their lifestyles are their own business .
Did you just wake up one day and realize you were an atheist ?
How did it happen ?
It was n't a sudden thing .
I was looking for answers in different religions and not finding them .
Then one day I picked up a book that seemed to explain everything .
It was " The God Delusion " by Richard Dawkins .
He uses science to explain the way life works .
And it made me realize that the reason I had been suffering so much , struggling to fill that hole inside of me , was n't because I had n't been a good Christian or that my faith had n't been strong enough .
It was because I did n't have a purpose .
Everything in nature needs a reason for being .
Every creature toils , whether it's a bee making honey or a lion chasing down prey .
It dawned on me that the cure for my hollowness inside was finding my own purpose , finding a way to be useful to humanity .
I was asking the wrong questions .
Instead of saying , " I 'm miserable , what does God want from me ? "
I should have been asking , " What does nature want from me ? "
When I stopped trying to please God and instead tried to please nature , things got a lot better .
The other day you said to me , engineering is my religion .
What did you mean by that ?
Well , it fulfills that sense of purpose that I was looking for .
It 's very useful .
It solves problems .
For me , being happy means making other people happy .
When you solve problems , you create happiness .
One of the projects you 're doing now is developing an iPhone application to raise awareness and money to help lemurs in Madagascar .
How did you get interested in lemurs ?
It started when I bought the book " Lords and Lemurs " for my wife , who has a thing for the big - eyed critters .
After reading it , I became really concerned for the future of Madagascar .
And so my company United Lemur was born , with the goal of fostering altruistic capitalism .
We develop iPhone apps and donate 10 percent of our App Store revenue to nonprofit organizations .
We recently released Puzzllotto , an exploration puzzle game that 's set in the dark jungles of an " eighth continent . "
The donations went to the Madagascar Fauna Group , an organization dedicated to protecting lemurs and other endangered wildlife in Madagascar .
You talk and write a lot about radical altruistic capitalism -- what is that , exactly ?
In " Wealth of Nations , " Adam Smith explained that people did not have to exploit others to be wealthy .
Smith showed that everyone could be wealthy if they each went about their business to their own selfish ends , but within reason , and with an eye toward the common good .
The caveat is important , because without it , capitalism fails at its primary goal , which is the betterment of all mankind .
I call the sustainable form of capitalism that creates profits for all " altruistic capitalism , " and the form that creates profits for some to the detriment of others I refer to as " exploitative capitalism . "
Most businesses ignore the distinction and pursue whichever is most convenient .
Our radicalism is in our complete rejection of making money to the detriment of others , to the point where we might be a little too nice .
But better we be too nice , rather than just nice enough .
It 's interesting that you have a focus on social causes in your business , although you 're an atheist .
Some people feel like the world would run amuck if we did n't believe in God , that morality comes from or is at least enforced by people 's spiritual beliefs .
Adam Smith tackled this exact question in his first book , " Moral Sentiments . "
What he eventually comes to is that humans , unique among animals , have the power to imagine themselves in another 's situation .
And Richard Dawkins proves that this aberration , this " empathy , " is a net win for natural selection .
Empathy leads to altruism , which is the impulse to help others .
From this springs a central tenet that is the basis for all morality :
Treat people like you want to be treated .
Rather than being told ( what to do ) through some clumsy book addled with arcane rules , my ethics are woven into my very genes .
Finding My Religion wants to hear from you .
Send comments on stories and suggestions for interview subjects to miller@sfgate.com .
During his far - flung career in journalism , Bay Area writer and editor David Ian Miller has worked as a city hall reporter , personal finance writer , cable television executive and managing editor of a technology news site .
His writing credits include Salon.com , Wired News and The New York Observer .
Ahn .
Hon !
Look at this prosh little bug I found under the sink !
Is n't he cute with those big eyes and white brimmed " hat " !?
Ha ha .
Hon ?
This is NOT a good way to start off the week , Alexandro G .
You may want to write a novel about your skills and achievements , but that is surely not something the recruiters will have time to read .
As they have hundreds of CVs to look through in a day , and they will certainly not spend a lot of time reading each one , you should be brief , and write no more than two pages .
Include specific details relevant to the job , and remove all of the redundant ones .
WASHINGTON -- President - elect Barack Obama is entering the White House with an enormous reservoir of goodwill from an American public that is rooting for his success in the face of bad economic times , a new Wall Street Journal / NBC News poll finds .
The mood presents opportunities as well as perils for Mr. Obama , who confronts a series of challenges amid expectations he will handle them well .
Overall , ...
These adorable " little " guys were born in November at Lion Country Safari in West Palm Beach , Florida .
Little Kenya and Jumanji clearly both have doting mothers .
Spain :
The collapse of the investigation into Franco - era crimes
By Paul Bond
10 December 2008
The investigation by Judge Baltasar Garzón into the crimes committed by the fascist regime of General Francisco Franco collapsed within weeks of its launch .
Spain ’s National Court ruled by a 14 - 3 vote that he had no authority to carry out the investigation — the first attempt in Spain ’s history to establish a criminal case against the dictatorship .
Its ruling was made in response to an appeal from the public prosecutor , who claimed Garzón was not “ competent ” to investigate such cases
Millions who had hoped that at long last there would be some sort of justice for Franco ’s victims have seen their hopes cruelly dashed .
Once more , Spain ’s ruling elite is trying to consign the fate of the estimated 300,000 political opponents murdered by the fascists , the 500,000 people they imprisoned and the 500,000 they forced into exile to the shadows of history .
The National Court claimed that Garzón had no authority to launch an investigation because the human rights abuse laws under which he was charging the Franco regime did not exist at the time the acts were committed .
It said that because the National Court itself only came into existence in 1977 , following the end of the dictatorship , it had no remit to deal with charges retrospectively and that a 1977 law provided an amnesty covering “ all acts of intentional policy , whatever their outcome , defined as crimes or misdemeanours committed prior to December 15 , 1976 . ”
The court declared that regional courts were responsible for carrying out further investigations and exhuming mass graves , effectively ending any nationally co-ordinated investigation .
Some regional courts have already referred their cases to the Constitutional Court , saying they do not feel qualified to assess them .
The National Court ruling means that many investigations will be delayed for years or abandoned completely .
Although the decision to end the investigation normally could be challenged in the Supreme Court , the National Court has invoked regulations for controlling judges to ensure that there is no right of appeal in this case .
Even before the court made its ruling , Garzón had indicated his willingness to comply .
The week before the decision he abandoned his investigation , dropped the charges of crimes against humanity against Franco and his allies and referred the exhumations back to the regional courts .
In launching his investigation , Garzón insisted that the amnesty law could not apply to crimes against humanity .
In this he was supported by Amnesty International and the United Nations Human Rights Commission .
The National Court ’s arguments make clear that its decision was political , aimed at closing down and stifling any investigation into the horrific crimes of the Franco regime .
The Spanish ruling class remains determined to use the arrangements reached in the immediate aftermath of Franco ’s death in 1975 to suppress any serious assessment of what happened under his dictatorship .
The National Court ’s decision raises once again the fundamental historical issues of the Civil War and the so - called peaceful Transition to Democracy ( 1975 -78 ) .
At the end of the Franco regime there was widespread anger at the crimes of the fascists and a determination to settle scores .
The last years of the dictator ’s life were marked by rising class tensions , indicated by the 1969 State of Emergency and the escalating strike waves up to his death in 1975 .
Three years later , in 1978 , Spain introduced its post - Franco constitution , aimed at suppressing mass opposition to the dictatorship and establishing a bourgeois democracy .
The key role during this period was played by the social democratic Socialist Workers Party of Spain ( PSOE ) and the Stalinist Spanish Communist Party ( PCE ) .
PCE General Secretary Santiago Carrillo reassured Juan Carlos , prince of the deposed royal family , that no one had anything to fear from the still illegal PCE , which commanded widespread support amongst workers .
Carrillo ’s assistance was crucial in the appointment of Juan Carlos as a “ democratic ” constitutional monarch late in 1975 .
Juan Carlos promptly formed a government of former Falangists under Carlos Arias Navarro which announced certain cosmetic changes to the Francoist regime and the implementation of an austerity programme .
A massive strike wave broke out again , which Arias promised to crush .
In Vitoria , police opened fire on demonstrators , killing seven .
The PSOE and PCE joined the Christian Democrats on a common platform .
The PSOE was quick to endorse the new Democratic Centre Union ( UCD ) government under Adolfo Suárez , former general secretary of the National Movement .
After the election , Carrillo met Suárez and offered him a “ social pact . ”
In return , Suárez effectively legalised the PCE , allowing its members to stand as individuals in elections .
The PCE played a key role in politically disarming the working class and allowing the preservation of Spanish capitalism under a parliamentary regime .
The PCE even opposed the PSOE ’s proposal that Spain should become a secular republic .
Its actions allowed Franco ’s political heirs to regroup in the Popular Alliance , a party organised by former Francoist minister Manuel Fraga , which went on to become today ’s Popular Party ( PP ) .
Carrillo argued that persecuting the Catholic Church , which had supported Franco , might turn the clergy into martyrs .
In so doing , it worked to protect this reactionary institution from the hostility of the masses .
The results can be seen today , where the Church has worked hand in glove with the PP to destabilise the PSOE government and undermine the Garzón investigation .
It refused requests for police access to parish church archives in order to trace the disappeared .
During the transition , the PSOE and PCE prevented the working class from settling any scores and allowed the fascists to go unpunished and protected .
It was they who agreed to the 1977 law granting the fascists an amnesty and a tacit “ pact of forgetting ” about their crimes which is now cited by the National Court .
In 1982 , the election of a PSOE government under Felipe González was widely hailed as signalling the “ maturity ” of the new Spanish democracy .
For the ruling elite it signalled , rather , the hope that the PSOE would be able to impose a pro-business agenda on the working class .
But by 1996 the former Francoists of the PP , under José Maria Aznar , were able to use the PSOE ’s pro-business policies to advance its own right - wing agenda of privatisation , financial speculation and attacks on social spending .
For a time European funding and a speculative financial and property boom , combined with the utilisation of public anger towards the terrorist activities of the Basque separatist ETA , concealed the social consequences of this agenda .
But social and political anger took on extraordinary dimensions when in 2003 Aznar committed Spain to the invasion of Iraq in the face of opposition from the overwhelming majority of the Spanish population .
Rising hostility towards the PP erupted in the 2004 election , when it emerged that the PP had lied in accusing the ETA of responsibility for the Madrid train bombings in order to conceal the link between the bombings and Spain ’s participation in the Iraq war .
The PP was swept from office and the PSOE , under José Luis Rodriguez Zapatero , was brought to power .
From the outset Zapatero was acutely conscious that his government confronted a leftward movement of the Spanish working class .
This was expressed in the demands for some kind of reckoning with Franco ’s heirs and the growth of historical memory societies .
It was the work by the societies to uncover the names of 114,266 disappeared people between 1936 and 1951 and to present them in petitions to the National Court that prompted Garzón ’s investigation .
Zapatero ’s government tried to appease this movement with last year ’s Law of Historical Memory , but it provisions were minimal .
The burden was placed on the families of victims to initiate proceedings and the law stipulated strict criteria before an investigation could be authorised .
In the 2006 debate on the Law , Zapatero characterised the Spanish Civil War as one “ in which everyone was a victim . ”
Such language only emboldened the right wing .
In Huelva , a PP - controlled council pushed ahead with bulldozing a mass grave to build houses , and in Madrid the council has been trying to speed up the demolition of Franco ’s Carabanchel political prison , which campaigners wanted to convert into a museum .
Garzón had acquired a reputation as “ the people ’s judge ” because of his association with human rights cases , like the attempt to extradite Chile ’s General Pinochet .
In fact , he served briefly as a PSOE senator in the Gonzalez government and is one of the most politically astute representatives of the Spanish state .
At the beginning of his investigation he said that he was not trying to open up political questions , but to conduct a “ much more moderate ” investigation of disappearances .
Sections of the PSOE and its supporters openly described this investigation as symbolic , seeing what El Pais called a “ virtual trial of Franco ” as a useful pressure valve .
Even within such a heavily circumscribed framework , this investigation was judged to be too dangerous .
The deepening political and social divisions pose too great a threat to the constitutional arrangements established with the Transition .
The Spanish state has been able to close down this investigation , but this cannot end the demands for justice nor eradicate the bitter memories of the fascist era .
Rather , these can only grow as the current social and political situation worsens .
Spain has been hit hard by the credit crisis , unemployment is at its highest levels in a decade and a deepening recession is predicted for the coming period .
All of the questions left unresolved from earlier periods are emerging again with renewed force .
On what basis can these questions be answered ?
Emilio Silva , the founder of the historical memory society movement , is correct when he says that Spanish democracy has proved itself “ incapable of providing justice . ”
No resolution can come from any of the parties that worked so hard to rescue Spanish capitalism in 1975 - 8 and have defended it ever since .
The PSOE has repeatedly proven its determination to head off and neuter movements on historical questions .
The PCE and the United Left ( IU ) -- the electoral bloc set up by the Stalinists in 1986 -- have worked hard to draw the sting of any investigation .
They dropped their call for the sentences passed by the fascists to be annulled and at the last minute supported the Historical Memory Law , which made no mention of annulment and merely labelled Franco ’s crimes as “ illegitimate . ”
When Garzón ’s investigation was abandoned , the IU suggested only a legal challenge — an appeal to the very unelected forces who have now scrapped even Garzón ’s limited probe .
Carrillo described Garzón ’s investigation as an “ error ” and suggested instead a joint statement from both houses of parliament that “ a revolt against a democratic state cannot be justified . ”
Ostensibly aimed at the Nationalist uprising of 1936 , this formulation would also serve as a statement of opposition to any movement by the working class that develops in opposition to the Spanish state .
What is required is the building of an independent political movement of the working class to take forward the struggle against the legacy of Franco and the threat posed by his political heirs .
In rural Georgia , a group of high - schoolers gets a visit from the Secret Service after posting " inappropriate " comments about President - elect Barack Obama on the Web .
In Raleigh , N.C. , four college students admit to spraying race - tinged graffiti in a pedestrian tunnel after the election .
On Nov. 6 , a cross burns on the lawn of a biracial couple in Apolacon Township , Pa .
The election of America 's first black president has triggered more than 200 hate - related incidents , according to the Southern Poverty Law Center – a record in modern presidential elections .
Moreover , the white nationalist movement , bemoaning an election that confirmed voters ' comfort with a multiracial demography , expects Mr. Obama 's election to be a potent recruiting tool – one that watchdog groups warn could give new impetus to a mostly defanged fringe element .
Most election - related threats have so far been little more than juvenile pranks .
But the political marginalization of certain Southern whites , economic distress in rural areas , and a White House occupant who symbolizes a multiethnic United States could combine to produce a backlash against what some have heralded as the dawn of a postracial America .
In some parts of the South , there 's even talk of secession .
" Most of this movement is not violent , but there is a substantive underbelly that is violent and does try to make a bridge to people who feel disenfranchised , " says Brian Levin of the Center for the Study of Hate and Extremism at California State University , San Bernardino .
" The question is : Will this swirl become a tornado or just an ill wind ?
We 're not there yet , but there 's dust on the horizon , a swirling of wind , and the atmospherics are getting put together for [ conflict ] . "
Though postelection racist incidents have n't posed any real danger to society or the president - elect , law enforcement is taking note .
" We 're trying to be out there at the cutting edge of this and trying to stay ahead of groups that are emerging , " says Special Agent Darrin Blackford , a spokesman for the Secret Service , which guards the US president .
" Anytime you start seeing [ extremist propaganda ] floating around , you have to be concerned , " adds Lt. Gary Thornberry of the Oklahoma Highway Patrol , a member of the FBI 's Joint Terrorism Task Force .
" As far as it being an alarmist situation , I do n't see that yet .
From a law enforcement point of view , you have to be careful , because it 's not illegal to have an ideology . "
After sparking conflict and showdowns in the 1990s – think Ruby Ridge , Waco , the Oklahoma City bombing – white supremacist and nationalist groups began this century largely splintered and powerless .
Though high immigration levels helped boost the number of hate groups from 602 in 2000 to 888 in 2007 , key leaders of such groups had died , been imprisoned , or were otherwise marginalized .
But postelection , at least two white nationalist websites – Stormfront and the Council of Conservative Citizens – report their servers have crashed because of heavy traffic .
The League of the South , a secessionist group , says Web hits jumped from 50,000 a month to 300,000 since Nov. 4 , and its phones are ringing off the hook .
" The vitriol is flailing out shotgun - style , " says Mr. Levin .
" They recognize Obama as a tipping point , the perfect storm in the narrative of the hate world – the apocalypse that they 've been moaning about has come true . "
Supremacist propaganda is already on the upswing .
In Oklahoma , fringe groups have distributed anti-Obama propaganda through newspapers and taped it to home mail boxes .
Ugly incidents such as cross- burnings , assassination betting pools , and Obama effigies are also being reported from Maine to Alabama .
The Ku Klux Klan has been tied to recent news events , as well .
Two Tennessee men implicated for plotting to kill 88 black men , including Obama , were tied to the KKK chapter whose leader was convicted in a civil trial in Brandenburg , Ky. , last week , for inciting violence .
The murder last week in Louisiana of a KKK initiate , allegedly killed after trying to back out of joining , came at the hands of a new group called Sons of Dixie , authorities say .
" We 're not looking at a race war or anything close to it , but ... what we are seeing now is undeniably a fairly major backlash by some subset of the white population , " says Mark Potok of the Southern Poverty Law Center 's Intelligence Report in Montomgery , Ala .
" Many whites feel that the country their forefathers built has been ... stolen from them , so there 's in some places a real boiling rage , and that can only become worse as more people lose jobs . "
In an election in which barely 20 percent of native Southern whites in Deep South states voted for Obama , the newly apparent political clout of " outsiders " and people of color has been unnerving to some .
" In states like Mississippi , Louisiana , and Alabama , there was extraordinary racial polarization in the vote , " says Merle Black , a political scientist at Emory University in Atlanta .
" Black Americans really do believe that Obama is going to represent their interests and views in ways that they have n't been before , and , in the Deep South , whites feel exactly the opposite . "
But for nonviolent secessionist groups like the League of the South , the hope is for a more vigorous debate about the direction of the US and the South 's role in it , says Michael Tuggle , a League blogger in North Carolina .
Mr. Tuggle says his group is n't looking for an 1860 - style secession but , rather , a model that Spain , for one , is moving toward , in which " there 's a great deal of autonomy for constituent regions " – a foil to what is seen as unchecked , dangerous federal power in Washington .
" To a lot of people , the idea of secession does n't seem so crazy anymore , " says Tuggle .
" People are talking about how left out they feel , ... and they feel that something strange and radical has taken over our country . "
Order Follows Straight - Party Ballot Failures Reported to be Affecting ' Tightly Contested State Senate Race ' ...
Brad Friedman Byon
11/4/2008 , 10:35 am PT
" More than 100 voting machines in Kenton County have been shut down on a judge 's order " after they failed to properly register straight - party votes in Kentucky .
The failed machines are Hart InterCivic eSlate DREs ( Direct Recording Electronic devices , usually touch - screen , though Hart 's machines use a wheel and a button instead of a touch - screen ) .
These are the same machines which Hart spokesman Peter Lichtenheld had previously argued could not lose or flip votes after they were similarly reported to have not been recording straight - ticket ballots correctly in Houston last week .
Details from WLWT , a local KY NBC affiliate , follow ...
Kenton Co. Orders 108 Voting Machines Shut Down
More than 100 voting machines in Kenton County have been shut down on a judge 's order .
Secretary of State spokesman Les Fugate said at least two machines in Kenton County were n't properly registering straight - ticket votes .
The malfunctions could impact the tightly contested state Senate race between incumbent Republican Jack Westwood of Crescent City and Democrat Kathy Groop , an activist with a public relations background .
Fugate said Kenton County Clerk of Court Rodney Eldredge opted to go before a judge to decide how to handle the problem .
Shortly before 11 a.m. , the judge ordered that 108 eSlate machines be turned off .
UPDATE : Cincinnati.com has a bit more ...
A notice to all of our users and supporters
We began the Perian project over 6 years ago .
We wanted to simplify viewing your content .
Our team has attained that goal and with that in mind , Perian will be retired soon .
Our stewardship has been a blast but it 's time for all of us to move on .
From the beginning we kept Perian simple .
Our preferences were minimal , updating was easy , and we gradually grew the product to add in extras like subtitles and different formats .
We 've contributed a lot .
Today , Perian stands as complete as it ever will be under our stewardship .
There are some projects that we never got to .
As an example , we would have liked an official , flexible , and well - documented import API to speed up MKV .
We hit a brick wall there .
Still , we reached a great stopping point and Perian 's installed userbase proves how valuable this tool became to so many people .
Starting 90 days after the final Perian release , we will no longer provide support .
We 'll wrap up our loose ends , pack up our bags , and move on to new and exciting projects .
Here 's what our roadmap looks like :
We will soon release the final version of Perian , including all the fixes we 've worked on since the last release .
It may -- or may not -- work on 10.8 .
We will post the source code to either Google Code or Github .
Here 's what we 're looking for from you , our users
Download Niceplayer , it 's pretty great -- and those folks are doing a fantastic job .
Support each other on our Google Group list .
We mean this .
Just because we are n't helping anymore on a regular basis , that does n't mean that you can't .
can't .
Are you a developer ?
Pick up where we left off .
Join us on #perian on irc.freenode .net .
Yeah , we 're all pretty busy -- so stick around after asking your question .
You may have to wait a bit for an answer .
Chalk it up to asynchronous tech support .
Want to donate ?
We appreciate the thought .
It 's hard times these days and your money will make a bigger impact elsewhere .
Consider Child's Play , Ronald McDonald House , or the EFF .
We no longer accept donations .
A final word : If and when Perian stops working , try looking into VLC or MPlayer OS X .
Sure , they 're not Perian , but they offer great software still under development .
Thanks for all of your support over the years .
It has meant a lot to all of us .
Chris Forsythe
Graham Booker
Alexander Strange
Augie Fackler
PS
We would like to thank Erica Sadun for helping us write this letter , and for general guidance .
Can a revolution end inequality ?
In all past revolutions , the universal goals expressed by their participants masked underlying differences .
Appeals to the interests of humanity , " the people " or the nation covered over the fact that there were different class forces with differing ideas about the revolution 's goals .
The first glimpse of a society run by workers
The Paris Commune
" The first step in the revolution by the working class , " Marx and Engels wrote in The Communist Manifesto , " is to raise the proletariat to the position of ruling class . "
The Paris Commune of 1871 showed how .
Marxism and the dialectic of change
Marxism is , in a nutshell , the theory and practice of working - class emancipation .
Marxism is also a method of looking at the world .
One of the most important foundations of Marx 's method was dialectical thought .
Their hollow talk about democracy
We are told that government expresses the " will of the people . "
But phrases like " the people " disguise the fact that the U.S. is divided by class .
Why the U.S. is n't a classless society
U.S. citizens have long been force - fed garbage about this country being a land where there are no class divisions , where everyone is " middle class . "
These ideas come under severe strain whenever economic crisis begins to stalk us .
Back to the top
CAPITALISM AND CRISIS
How the capitalist system was born
The violent wrenching of millions of peasants off the land was a necessary condition for the development of wage labor -- which is the essential condition of modern capitalism .
The " halves " and the have - nots
In 1562 , three American Indians were brought to France .
Coming from a society with " no practice of subordination or of riches or poverty , no contracts , no inheritances , no divided estates , " the Indians were shocked at what they saw .
Lieberman : No apology for attacks on Obama David Edwards and Andrew McLemore
Published : Sunday November 23 , 2008
Print This Email This Although Sen . Joe Lieberman said he regretted some of his attacks on President - elect Barack Obama during the campaign , he declined to offer an apology when pressed by NBC's Tom Brokaw .
The senator said many unfair statements were made about both Obama and Sen. John McCain , and that he is only one of many people who feel regret for the tone of the election .
" I do regret as I said to the caucus and afterward publically , there were some things I said in the heat of the campaign that I wish I had said more clearly .
Other things , frankly , I wish I had n't said at all , " Lieberman said .
" That happens to all of us in the heat of it campaign but nonetheless , I regret it and I want to move forward . "
Brokaw pressed Lieberman for an apology : " I heard word ' regret ' but not the word ' apology . ' "
" You can take from the word regret what you will , " Lieberman said .
Though Lieberman 's party considered ejecting him from the Democratic caucus for negatively campaign against Obama and backing McCain , the President - elect made it clear he wanted Lieberman to stay .
Addressing that " spirit of reconciliation , " Brokaw asked Lieberman if he thought McCain would " work closely with Obama " to " heal the partisan divide . "
Lieberman was " convinced " that he would .
" I 'm convinced John McCain will play a leadership role in bringing people together across party lines , " Lieberman said .
This video is from NBC's Meet the Press , broadcast Nov. 23 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
View Transcript
Transcript
Dogbert 's tech support Dogbert : May I remotely take over your computer to diagnose the problem ?
Now hold while I snoop into your personal filed , pilfer your bank accounts and turn your computer into a spam server .
Client : THAT'S ILLEGAL !
Dogbert :
So are 75 % of your personal files , but you do n't see me getting all huffy .
The future - predicting technology that drives the premise of the sci- fi blockbuster Minority Report is silly at best .
And when the film hit theaters in 2002 , the gadgets seemed pretty unrealistic , too .
But eerily enough the slew of dreamed - up gizmos showed off throughout John Anderton 's daring escape are hardening into reality .
No , our government has n't yet imprisoned a group of nude psychics to combat crime .
But some of the latest over - the - top gadgets are making director Steven Spielberg and writer
Philip Dickappear to be fortunetellers themselves — of the technology world , at least .
Here 's a list of some disturbing , or just plain cool tech teased in the movie that 'll be hitting home in one form or another .
Gesture - based Computer Interfaces
A
visually awesome , albeit seemingly impractical piece of tech that the film highlights is the 3 - D - hologram computer interface that Anderton controls with graceful hand gestures .
Mgestyk Technologies is playing off the same idea with its gesture - based interface , which consists of a 3 - D camera and software that translates hand movements into commands to control computer applications and games .
From looking at the demo video , the interface appears to be a bit laggy , but progress is progress .
Flexible Displays
Spielberg and Dick clearly are n't optimistic about the future of print , because in Report
the medium is entirely replaced with thin , flexible electronic displays .
Even better , the displays automatically update with the latest news articles , presumably from futuristic RSS feeds .
Thanks to the United
States ' tendency to dump billions of dollars into military funding , we 'll see a gadget just like that in about three years .
Composed of specialty polymer and thin stainless - steel substrates , the screens will display characters with the electrophoretic ink ( E - Ink )
technology seen on today 's e-book readers ( e.g. , the Amazon Kindle ) .
Hopefully by then E - Ink will achieve color .
3 - D Holograms
Probably the cheesiest scene in Report is the one where Anderton is watching a home video of his wife and pre-kidnapped son .
But more interestingly , the video is projected as a 3 - D hologram , making it appear as if his wife and son are standing right in front of him .
CNN tried to recreate that effect with its recent election coverage .
Granted , the anchors and reporters being videotaped were n't actually looking at holograms .
Instead , they were looking at monitors , and CNN used 44 small , fixed cameras and 20
computers to insert virtual holograms with real - time effects processing .
Fake holograms !
Wait , that 's kind of redundant , is n't it ?
Identity - Detecting Advertisement Cameras
Surely you recall the scene in Report
when Anderton is trying to run from the PoPo — but cameras keep scanning his eyeballs , only to play targeted advertisements based on his identity .
A new display from NEC is creepily similar .
Announced in July and premiering in Japan ,
NEC 's display utilizes a miniature camera to detect a person's age and sex so it can play specific commercials aimed at a shopper 's demographic .
Do n't get a black - market surgeon to remove your eyeballs just yet :
Playing ads on a TV is n't nearly as invasive as the ubiquitous holograms in Report .
But it 's the same intrusive , identity - probing idea .
Robot Scouts
You would think the police in Report go a bit too far when they deploy creepy , crawly spiderbots to chase down Anderton .
But there 's no limit line for the U.S. military , which has a pretty similar idea : Robot teams that hunt down culprits , according to a story in The Register .
The " Multi- Robot Support System " will consist of software and sensors to detect human presence indoors .
A human operator will be able to control a team of three to five robots that will weigh up to 220 pounds each .
Hum .
that 's actually a lot more terrifying than the scout bots in Report .
We could n't find a picture of the Pentagon 's robot scouts for the simple reason that they do n't exist yet .
So , until they do , you 'll have to pretend the goofy , costumed nerds above are actually a small swarm of terrifying , human - hunting automatons .
Predicting Mistakes
We 're nowhere near figuring out how to see into the future , but neuroscientists are devising a method to predict mistakes .
The Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences published a study where researchers recorded neurological patterns preceding careless errors .
This could lead to a biofeedback system that helps us catch mistakes before making them .
That 's certainly more civil than throwing a group of test subjects into a tub and plugging them in .
Photos : Fox Movies , Mgestyk , CNN , Textually.org , Dan Coulter / Flickr happyvia / Flickr
Perl6 は何年経っても正式にリリースされません。そんな
Perl6 を Audrey Tang さんは、たったの数ヶ月で作りました。その実装は
Pugs と呼ばれています。短期間の開発を可能にした秘密兵器は Haskell です。
その Audrey さんが 、2006 年に日本で Haskell について説明してくれまし た( 資料 ) 。残念ながら、そのころの僕は
Haskell に興味がなかったのでチュートリアルは受けていませんが、その概要にはこう書かれています。
コーナーケースを探すのにユニットテストを書くのに疲れた？
QuickCheck を使ってコンピュータに書かせちゃいましょう。正規表現ベースのパーサはメンテナンスしにくいのに気づいた？
Parsec を使って 15分で Perl6 の完全なパーサを書く方法を勉強しましょう。デッドロックやレースコンディションはもううんざり？
STM が concurrency 問題は全部解決してくれます。 XS や SWIG が頭痛の種になってる？ FFI なら C コードを簡単に、かつ安全に埋め込めますよ 。
キーワードとして挙げられている QuickCheck 、Parsec、STM、FFI に興味が湧きましたか？ こんな実践的な技術を網羅している本が 、Real World Haskell です。
この本の原稿は、インターネットで公開され、たくさんのコメントをもらった後に、紙媒体として出版されました。
僕はオンライン版の Using Databases の章を読ませて頂いたおかげで 、Haskell から SQLite を操作できるようになったので、amazon で注文を受け付け出したときにすぐ予約しました。(届くまでに3ヶ月かかりましたが。。。)
この本は670ページもあり、読み終わるのを待って書評を書くと旬を逃してしまいそうです。そこで、フライングで申し訳ないのですが、斜め読みした時点での書評を書いておきます。
Beautiful Escorts In Paris - IndependentLadies .
Net
If you are looking for a beautiful escort in Paris , you are at the right destination .
Being one of the premiere escort agencies of Europe , IndependentLadies .
Net has numerous charming and sensuous escorts in London among which you can choose the best one according to your specific interests and choices that too within your financial budget .
Our Paris escorts are capable to please you and explore your hidden sensual desire .
They ’ll never feel you like that you are with a call girl in Paris but their treatments are superb so that you will feel that you are with your beloved girlfriends .
Paris Call Girls At Paris Escort Agency
You have come to a place where beauty and style meet unhurried sensual pleasure .
As a leading escort agency in Paris , we welcome you to our website IndependentLadies .
Net .
Our beautiful Paris escort girls were chosen on the basis of beauty , sensuality and reliability .
As an upscale and professional Paris escort service provider we have got the unmatched reputation for having most attractive Paris escort girls and providing discrete escort service in Paris .
So if you desire the company of a warm , sophisticated and beautiful French woman for a fabulous night out on the city of love then call us today at 0041-79-436-6274 .
We provide 24/7 escort service in Paris .
Our motto of providing classy , elegant and beautiful escorts who gives girlfriend experience to our clients made us the number 1 in call girl entertainment industry .
With over 16 years of experience in International Escort service we know how important it is to stay discrete for our clients and we provide 100 % safety and security while not compromising the quality of our Paris escorts .
And most importantly , we are not limited to Paris escort service only , we also feature French Riviera Escorts , Monaco Escort Girls , Monte Carlo Escorts , Geneva Escorts , Zurich Escort Girls , Rome Escort Girls , Milan Call Girls , London Female Escorts , Madrid Escorts , Barcelona Escorts , Prague Escorts , New York City Escorts , along with VIP escort Paris .
Paris Escorts and Call Girls - World Class Beauty and Seduction
It ’s not every day that you get the chance to live out your fantasies with someone that strikes the perfect balance between class , beauty and uncanny sex appeal .
With Independent Ladies , this fantasy becomes reality .
Browse through our extensive and sexy portfolio of beautiful High Class Call Girls .
As you view galleries from city to city , you ’ll be suitably wowed by our astounding range of spectacular Paris Call Girls .
As you view galleries from city to city , you ’ll definitely be wowed by our astounding range of spectacular escort girls and stunningly attractive call girls .
They all far surpass anything you thought was outstanding at any other escort agency .
All of our arousing pictures are genuine and recent .
And every intimate portrait promises an unhurried , pleasurable , and very gratifying experience you will forever remember .
IndependentLadies .
Net - Paris Escort Agency Offering Discreet Escort Service in Paris
We guarantee seduction , sensuality , professionalism and discretion .
For more than 16 years , Independent Ladies has been providing the ultimate in Call Girl entertainment .
We ’ve earned our superb reputation by offering an exclusive and personalized service with only the finest High Class Call Girl Services to VIP gentlemen in Europe and North America .
We ’ve recruited a stunning variety of young feminine Escort Girls and models who offer all that you seek from a female companion .
Their only mission is to live up to your standards and service expectations .
If you are a gentleman who needs change and variety , and appreciate the finer things in life , do n’t deprive yourself of this exquisite opportunity .
Contact us and book your High Class Escort Girls from Independent Ladies .
Give them the pleasure of entertaining you tonight .
Exclusive VIP Female Escorts
Are you looking for something different and intensely in your life !
Live the ultimate sensual experience tonight .
Sure to please all your naughty desires , our VIP Escort Services raises the heat on passion and lust , challenging all the aspects of sexually charged atmosphere .
Unlike ordinary escort services , our specially - selected VIP Escort Girls push the boundaries to make all your deepest fantasies come true .
You ’ll be enjoying moments that can only be had with the most talented and stunning seductresses truly some of the hottest women you ’ll ever meet !
Perfect for the discerning gentleman that wants to have very discreet and private encounters with no strings attached .
Our VIP Escort Services mixes pleasure with even more pleasure .
Fill your hours with genuine girl friendly experience .
Explore the unsatisfied desires of your soul .
Reserve our VIP Escort Girls tonight .
IndependentLadies offering escort service in Europe
Our Paris escort agency offers spectacular escort girls blessed with a beauty that makes your temperature rise .
These young women , filled with sexual appeal , fire and desire can be found in a number of European cities .
To make your search for escorts in Europe cities easier please read on .
Visiting Rome can become more fun if you choose to accompany our Rome call girls .
IndependentLadies providing beautiful escorts in USA cities
Do you want to spend an unforgettable time in New York City with a stunning escort girl ?
Or want to spend time with the classiest Female Escorts in Boston ?
We have recruited an impressive roster of American and Canadian beauties who rock the sexiness scale .
Choose from our sensational New York Escorts & Los Angeles Call Girls to make your stay in those happening cities more fun .
Check out our Montreal Escort Girls whose killer looks and flawless figures are hard to resist .
The smoldering looks of our amazing Miami Call Girls will make booking just one very difficult .
Our Dallas Escort Girls possess the kind of flawless looks that no sane man can resist .
Regardless of where you are , setting up a date very easy .
Contact us , and you will be booked with one of our elite High Class Call Girls for an unforgettable rendezvous .
A suburban Detroit woman has decided to scare up the vote among neighborhood children by just offering treats to John McCain supporters .
Shirley Nagel of Grosse Pointe Farms , Mich. , handed out candy Friday only to those who shared her support for the Republican presidential candidate and his running mate Sarah Palin .
Others were turned away empty - handed .
TV station WJBK , Fox 2 News says a sign outside Nagel ’s house warned : “ No handouts for Obama supporters , liars , tricksters or kids of supporters . ”
Nagel calls Democrat Barack Obama “ scary . ”
When asked about children who were turned away empty - handed and crying , she said : “ Oh well .
Everybody has a choice . ”
There were kids as young as 4 years old that went away crying because she would n’t give them any candy .
This is so sad that anyone would do this to a child .
Countdowns Keith Olbermann names Shirley Nagel Worst Person in the World for putting a sign in front of her house on Halloween which read , No handouts for ( name one of the presidential candidates ) supporters , liars , tricksters or kids of supporters .
Martyr 's father snubs Kerala chief minister
December 01 , 2008 08:47 IST
Faced with criticism for delay in showing respect to slain NSG commando Major Sandeep Unnikrishnan , Kerala [ Images ]
Chief Minister V S Achuthanandan on Sunday called on the soldier 's family members here , but a depressed father of Sandeep declined to accept his condolences .
The opposition parties in Kerala have accused the state government of having shown disrespect to the Kerala - born soldier , who lost his life while combating terrorists in Mumbai , by not sending any minister to his funeral , attended by a large number of people , including Karnataka Chief Minister B S Yeddyurappa .
Achuthanandan accompanied by Home Minister Kodiyeri Balakrishnan rushed to the city .
As Sandeep 's father Unnikrishnan remained firm that no politician should enter his house and refused to meet VIPs from his own state , police persuaded Dhanalakshmi , mother of the slain commando , to talk to the guests .
Amid continued protests from Unnikrishnan , Balakrishnan gave words of comfort to Dhanalakshmi and Achuthanandan followed him .
Sources close to Unnikrishnan said he even went to the extent of issuing a threat that he would commit suicide if any politician entered his house .
He had told his friends that his son , whose valour was witnessed by the entire country , did not belong to Kerala alone but to the entire nation .
Unnikrishnan refused to allow police sniffer dogs into the house when security personnel came there ahead of the Kerala Chief Minister 's visit to perform their duties .
[ Bob Costas whispers into microphone ]
" We now return to Olympic Caturday Whack - a - Mouse .
The reigning champion ; LeChat Lunatique , has held the Whack - a - mouse belt since ' 03 .
It was then that he whacked a staggering eight mice . "
" Can he beat that personal best !?
Let 's ... take a look . "
Phelps , you might lose your Speedo endorsement tooooo ! [ singsong ]
Unfortunate ad placement
It ’s not just for websites anymore .
( via WhiskeyTangoFoxtrot )
Share this :
Share
Reddit
Facebook
Twitter
Related
Posted on May 21 , 2014 in Articles
The Article : Kentucky Death Match by Mark Binelli in The Rolling Stone .
The Text : very March , across the commonwealth of Kentucky , the Republican Party throws a series of Lincoln - Reagan fundraising dinners .
Candidates for state and federal office are expected to attend , hobnob , serve themselves from a hot buffet , perhaps enjoy an alcoholic beverage ( depending on the wetness or dryness of the particular county ) , certainly remain standing after “ The Star - Spangled Banner ” for a rendition of “ My Old Kentucky Home ” ( which even non-Kentuckians agree to be hands down the greatest of state songs ) and , of course , solemnly bow their heads while a local reverend offers a blessing .
At the Lincoln - Reagan dinner held this year in Murray , in southwestern Kentucky , the reverend took note of daylight saving time and wondered , “ Maybe we should think of national savings time ?
Father , help us save this nation ! ”
The most Midwestern of the Southern states , Kentucky ranks near the top of the nation in drug - overdose deaths and income inequality .
Since Bill Clinton left office , Kentucky has been consistently red when it comes to presidential elections , and the long , slow death of the coal industry , accelerated in recent years by competition from cheap natural gas and regulatory threats from the Obama administration , has made the political landscape only more treacherous for liberals .
Yet the state ’s most popular elected official , Gov. Steve Beshear , is a Democrat who cannily figured out a way to design one of the most successful state health exchanges in the nation , despite the toxicity of President Barack Obama and the Affordable Care Act in Kentucky .
( Beshear is the only Southern governor who did not reject the Obama­care Medicaid expansion . )
Continue Reading
About The Author Jacob Gube is the Founder and Chief Editor of Six Revisions , a web publication for web developers and designers , and the Deputy Editor of Design Instruct , a web … More about Jacob Gube …
50 Beautiful And Creative Portfolio Designs
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
In this showcase , you ’ll find a variety of beautiful , unique , and highly - creative portfolio designs .
The aim here is to stimulate your creativity and to inspire you to create your own portfolio or re-think your existing one .
You ’ll get to see portfolios from a wide range of fields including web design , product design , illustration , photography , and even animation .
Design portfolios come in various forms .
Traditionally , they have been print - based and something you would carry to a client pitch or meeting to showcase what you ’ve done and how you did it .
Today , many designers take advantage of the Internet to publish and showcase their work via their online portfolios .
Having your work displayed online removes the geographical restraints that traditional portfolios impose on you .
With many portfolios online , it ’s often hard to stand out from the sea of competition out there .
It takes a creative design to grab the user ’s attention long enough for him or her to enjoy sifting through your work .
Adding rich interactive elements , framing your work in a unique way , and concocting a means of providing a unique experience can not only get the user ’s attention but also show your capabilities as a designer .
In this showcase , you ’ll find a variety of beautiful , unique and highly creative portfolio designs .
The aim here is to stimulate your creativity and inspire you to create your own portfolio or re-think your existing one .
You ’ll see portfolios from a wide range of fields , including Web design , product design , illustration , photography and even animation .
So , we now present to you 50 beautiful and creative portfolio designs .
You may also want to take a look at the following related articles :
50 Beautiful and Creative Portfolios
Pikaboo
This portfolio showcases a creative navigation scheme ; use the scroll button on the mouse to navigate up and down the showcase .
Alternatively , the designer gives you a columned view of the showcased work if you click on “ Overview . ”
Lyndon Wade
This portfolio effectively integrates the interface of the design .
Clicking a category link of the portfolio expands a “ film - strip ” view of the thumbnails in the section .
Upon clicking a thumbnail , it expands to a full - screen view ; clicking on the left or right allows you to navigate through all of the showcased paragraphs in full - screen mode .
Jesse Willmon ’s fall 2008 DESIGN - TACULAR
Jesse Willmon presents his portfolio in a unique fashion , through “ doodles , ” giving it a memorable user interface .
Daniel Stenberg Daniel Stenberg frames each of his works beautifully and allows users to navigate through them horizontally .
The result is a clean and simple but effective portfolio design .
Domenico Tedone Design Unconventional navigation schemes can be a great way to leave a lasting impression on users ( but they can also make users leave in an instant ) ; Domenico Tendone capitalizes on Flash ’s strength of being responsive to user events by showcasing his work via a revolving 3 - D wheel .
Use the scroll button to scroll through his work .
Marc Dahmen Marc Dahmen gives us a creative user interface by showing his projects as business cards .
Clicking on a business card gives you a nifty animation as it enlarges .
To make navigation easier , the portfolio provides keyboard shortcuts ( you can see them at the top left of the page ) .
SuperLover
The excellent selection of colors in this portfolio complements the showcased artwork , and the organization of each piece makes it stand out .
Aline Caron Portfolio
The presentation of the thumbnails in this portfolio gives it a unique interface , reminiscent of the chemical table of elements .
chris woods
Minimalist portfolios focus the user ’s attention on the works being presented , as seen in the portfolio of Chris Woods .
Deep Deep ’s portfolio gives users a unique navigation interface ; the plain solid background and text make the showcase the highlight of the home page .
Dave Werner ’s Portfolio Dave Werner ’s portfolio gallery is shown as an artistic collage ; clicking on a piece in the collage expands it .
Booreiland Booreiland ’s portfolio gives users a “ breadcrumb ” navigation scheme so that they can easily jump through sections .
vivified
In this showcase , the projects dominate the entire page , and a thumbnail gallery on the right - hand side gives you a way to browse through the projects .
nisgia.com
Interactive designers can show off their creative skill in user interaction by having a portfolio with distinctive interactive elements , as shown by nisgia ’s portfolio .
Rob Young Rob Young frames his projects in a MacBook Pro laptop , alluding to the nature of his job as an art director and designer .
Sid Lee
This clean and simple portfolio gives focus to the active work being viewed by allowing it to take up a large part of the viewing area .
Hovering over the right - hand side of the page opens up an alternate navigation menu .
Nile Inside Artwork is displayed in a “ film - strip ” view , and clicking on a piece expands it without navigating away from the film strip .
Even with the rich interactivity of the portfolio , it does n’t rely on Flash .
Les illustrations de Lapin Illustrations displayed side by side beautifully showcase the illustrations made in the artist ’s sketchbook , giving the portfolio an unprocessed , raw , natural look .
Contrast Conventional design portfolios are visual , but that is n’t the case with Contrast ’s portfolio , which displays its “ thumbnail ” gallery in a text - based format .
sroown sroown effectively uses its logo to frame its design gallery .
Note the red “ Jump back to top ” element along the right - hand side that follows you along as you scroll down the page , a subtle enhancement of the interface that gives you insight into the small details they pay attention to in their designs .
OnWired OnWired showcases its design process by taking us from conception to final product in each of its projects .
EveningLab
A creative interface makes EveningLab ’s portfolio stand out .
Die Neue Modern Irregular shapes and sizes of the thumbnails in this portfolio give it a unique and “ systematic disorder . ”
Made Like Me
This portfolio shows the typical way of displaying thumbnail galleries ; but by leveraging the artwork ’s vivid colors and placing the art against a dark background , each piece pops out of the page and the gallery achieves a unified look .
Marius Roosendaal
An accordion user interface gives Marius Roosendaal ’s portfolio a nifty way of showcasing his work while allowing it to remain compact , thus maximizing valuable screen real estate .
Jason Reed Web Design Jason Reed ’s portfolio features a horizontal accordion menu , which minimizes the need to scroll and , again , makes the design compact .
Thibaud ’s portfolio Thibaud ’s portfolio uses color swatches as interactive elements , which not only hints at the nature of his work but also effectively showcases his skill , experience and creativity in interactive design .
bcandullo.com Brad Candullo beautifully frames his creations with worn notebook pages , giving them an organic look and feel .
James Lai Creative James Lai Creative ’s portfolio sits on the front page .
Each thumbnail is in a frame , and you can navigate through them horizontally .
formrausch
This portfolio puts each project in a beautiful frame , showing the designer ’s meticulous attention to detail .
Serial Cut Another minimalist portfolio design that focuses attention on the artwork .
Dawghouse Design Studio Dawghouse Design Studio displays its projects on a notebook paper background .
The hand - drawn concept is carried through with each graphical element , including the “ View site ” button and the “ Next ” and “ Previous ” buttons .
Hot Meteor Eye- catching , smooth animation that uses horizontal and vertical movement creates a memorable user experience .
Oneover.com
The unconventional 3 - D showcase seen in this portfolio provides a great user experience .
13 Creative 13 Creative houses its portfolio on a steno pad .
A beautiful navigation scheme and subtle , fluid animation make this portfolio a memorable design .
TROZO GALLERY
Eduardo Valdivieso’s style of art transcends the canvas and works well as part of a Web design , allowing the two media to complement each other .
Danny Blackman Danny Blackman ’s animated navigation makes navigating through his projects a pleasant experience .
Frisk Web Frisk
Web displays thumbnails of its projects as taped - on Polaroid shots , giving the portfolio design an uncommon and remarkable layout .
foxie ’s graphic design
This creative portfolio interface uses books sitting on a bookshelf for navigation .
Visualbox Visualbox takes advantage of the vivid colors of its work by placing its portfolio against a plain dark background , effectively emphasizing the “ Visual ” in its company name .
Ed Peixoto
An unconventional layout for a thumbnail gallery and subtle yet memorable hover - over animation make this portfolio design impressive .
Odd Web Things
Odd Web
Things stays true to its name by showcasing its work in an unusual fashion .
You just might think about the design long enough to remember the company ’s name , or even explore the rest of its website looking for an explanation .
NANAMIart NANAMIart integrates its portfolio in the design by displaying it near the header , giving users access to it at all times .
Vault49
This portfolio is text - based until you click on the name of a project ; the name then expands to show a preview of the artwork .
adncom
A rotating display that revolves around an illustrated sheep gives adncom ’s portfolio a unique twist .
SeymourPowell
The deck - of - cards introduction gives users a sense of what SeymourPowell is all about in a matter of seconds .
hellokarl hellokarl combines subtle , fluid animation along with great large - scale product shots to create an engrossing mood .
Related posts
I got the white dye job done perfectly , but I still need some major beauty action before New Years ...
Sender Inner Timoni G. , and everyone else out there , what are YOU doing for New Years !?
Answer , as always , in the comments ...
Elon Musk , the chief executive of Tesla , said his company would benefit from what he called “ a weak Moore ’s Law , ” referring to the 8 percent annual improvements in the price performance of lithium - ion batteries .
But 8 percent , compounded , would bring too few benefits , too late to Tesla : it would take nine years to halve the price of its battery pack .
The company would not be saddled with such costly components had it not elected to pursue a design that endows its car with both high performance and a long range between charges  244 miles , Tesla says .
Earlier this month at the Los Angeles auto show , BMW unveiled its all - electric Mini E , with a smaller battery , a motor with about 20 percent less horsepower than Tesla ’s and a shorter range , 150 miles .
BMW believes that current technologies used in the all - electric vehicles have not been tested enough in real conditions to be ready to be sold to the public .
It will begin by leasing for one year a fleet of 500 Mini E’s for $ 850 a month each .
At the end of the lease term , the cars will be returned to BMW for testing .
Tesla would have needed a much smaller battery pack had it forsaken the all - electric design and instead offered a plug - in hybrid , a more affordable design that many auto manufacturers are readying for production , like that for the Chevrolet Volt .
An electric motor provides the primary motive force , and a small internal combustion engine serves as an auxiliary source of power to extend the range that the car can go between charges .
The battery need be no bigger than what is necessary to provide enough juice to go 40 miles , the maximum daily round - trip commuting distance for 78 percent of surveyed households , according to a widely quoted Department of Transportation study in 2003 .
Tesla pitches all - electric cars as the greenest form of personal transportation , eliminating vehicle emissions and helping to wean the United States from its dependence on foreign oil .
The cars reduce air pollution indirectly , to whatever degree the power generation on the grid uses energy sources other than coal .
And for households that install their own power - generating solar panels , electric cars can rightfully claim to attain truly zero emissions today .
LAST week , I visited the Tesla showroom in Menlo Park , Calif. , and took the Roadster out on the highway .
As I headed back to the showroom and waited at red lights , ready to hit the accelerator and fly , I realized that I was experiencing a guilty pleasure derived not just from the speed available at my touch but also from temporarily possessing something that shouted to the world its exclusiveness .
Tesla says it is assembling about 15 cars a week and has delivered only about 80 to date .
Many of those have gone to the Valley ’s billionaires and centimillionaires who are Tesla investors as well as early customers ; these include Sergey Brin and Larry Page , the co-founders of Google , and Jeff Skoll , co-founder of eBay .
The company ’s principal financier is Mr. Musk , who attained considerable wealth as a co-founder of PayPal .
A spacewalking astronaut accidentally let go of her tool bag after a grease gun inside it burst , and watched as the kit floated away .
Heidemarie Stefanyshyn - Piper and Stephen Bowen were taking part in the first of four spacewalks of the Space Shuttle Endeavour 's current mission to the International Space Station .
The Denver police arrested three people who refused to leave a home during an hours - long standoff that ended after a SWAT team broke down the door with a battering ram .
The three — a man , woman and a juvenile — were apparently unarmed and hid from police who had to search the house at 1720 Dixie Place before arresting them .
“ They had to be removed from where they were secreted , ” police Lt. Ron Saunier said .
The adults are Van Sanchez , 54 , and Jacqueline Olson , 19 .
Sanchez has a police record dating to 1983 that includes drug possession , DUI , domestic violence , shoplifting and auto theft , according to the Colorado Bureau of Investigation .
Olson has been arrested a number of times , mostly for traffic violations including misuse of plates , driving under restraint and driving without a license .
The juvenile was n’t identified .
All three will be charged with failure to obey an order to vacate , a misdemeanor , Saunier said .
Denver police raided the same house last week looking for people wanted for possession of stolen property , Saunier said .
At about 10 a.m.
Wednesday , police officers who were cruising the neighborhood spotted someone they believed was wanted in connection with the stolen property .
That person ran into the house and refused to come out , Saunier said .
The SWAT team was called , and police set up a perimeter on the blocks surrounding the single - family home .
Police used a megaphone to order the inhabitants out of the house a number of times to no avail .
Several explosions echoed through the northwest Denver neighborhood as police set off exploding devices — flash - bang grenades — to shake up the home ’s inhabitants .
An armored car , one of two at the scene , with a battering ram mounted to the front was used to break down the door .
A short time later , SWAT members dressed in riot gear and carrying shields entered the home .
At about 2:05 p.m. police escorted the first man in handcuffs from the home .
A woman was brought out shortly after that and then a second male .
The standoff was over by 2:35 p.m .
Neighbors said that a number of people lived in the house including children .
There were so many kids playing outside the house that it frequently looked like a day care center , said Jesus Estrada , 19 , who lives nearby .
“ Cars were going in and out all day long , ” he added .
Kieran Nicholson : 303-954-1822 or knicholson@denverpost.com .
The Obama administration should set a concrete schedule for human Mars missions , says a new report ( Illustration : NASA )
The Obama administration should set a concrete schedule for human Mars missions , and make sure new hardware developed for NASA ’s return to the Moon can be adapted for missions to other destinations , a new report says .
With a new US president set to take charge of the White House and many questions hanging over NASA ’s future , many have been trying to advise the agency about where it should go from here .
President - elect Barack Obama ’s transition team has been very tight - lipped , but if the Obama administration takes its cue from the preponderance of advice it ’s getting , then human missions to Mars may well move up in priority .
Back in November , the Planetary Society , a space advocacy group , released a report called “ Beyond the Moon ” , which called for delaying new missions to the Moon and channelling more resources into paving the way for human missions to Mars instead ( see Moon takes a backseat in new space plan ) .
Advertisement
Now , an independent group of space experts , led by David Mindell of MIT , is calling for a timeline for human Mars missions , and urging that any Moon hardware be designed with other destinations in mind as well .
Moon rethink
On Monday , the panel released its report , called “ The Future of Human Spaceflight ” .
It was produced by a group of experts including former shuttle astronaut Jeff Hoffman and John Logsdon , the former director of the Space Policy Institute at George Washington University in Washington , DC .
There are some links between the panel and the Planetary Society – Logsdon is a member of the group ’s advisory council – but the new report was an independent effort .
While the new report stops short of endorsing the Planetary Society ’s plan , it does urge a rethink of where and when to send astronauts .
“ The Obama administration and Congress should examine the Bush vision , assess its limitations . . . [ and provide ] clarification of the moon / Mars strategy with a timetable for the Mars component , ” it says .
“ Even if it means somewhat easing the 2020 deadline for lunar return , NASA must ensure that the new architecture provides a solid foundation for the next generation of human spaceflight , ” it adds .
It expresses concern that “ critical technologies for long - duration missions and Mars landings are not being actively investigated ” .
Previous reports by the US National Research Council have found that technologies including propulsion , lunar dust mitigation and robot vehicles are being designed for the Moon and not Mars , for example .
Cooperation with China
The report also says the US should consider cooperative space efforts with China .
Relations between the US and China have been tense at times , notably in the wake of China ’s test of an anti-satellite weapon in 2007 .
But Mindell argues that tensions were higher between the US and the Soviet Union when the two countries docked an Apollo capsule with a Soyuz spacecraft in Earth orbit in 1975 .
Though some in the US fear space cooperation could allow China to gain new technologies useful for military applications , Mindell says it should be possible to avoid this .
For example , joint space missions might involve sharing information about the design of innocuous items such as docking rings , he says .
“ It ’s possible to ask what of the technologies involved are unique to human spaceflight , and then to say , can you devise a collaboration that involves sharing those technologies and not other kinds of things , ” he told New Scientist .
“ Now , we ’ve gone the complete other way . . . and it ’s not clear that ’s been in the US interest . ”
Ironically , the lack of cooperation may be boosting China ’s international prestige , by reinforcing public perceptions that the two countries are in a closely competitive race to the Moon , the report says .
Mindell says members of the panel met with Obama ’s transition team last week and gave them a copy of the report .
In racially exclusive neighborhood , residents worried Bush will make it a ' target '
Andrew McLemore
Published : Saturday December 6 , 2008
Print This Email This As President Bush prepares to move into his new Dallas home at the end of his term , neighborhood residents worry about having him close by .
One woman shared her fears as she walked past Bush 's house carrying her King Charles cocker spaniel on Friday .
" I am afraid with all the negative press the president has been getting , the whole neighborhood is going to be a target , " said the woman , who refused to give her name .
Traffic has already begun to clog the narrow streets around the home , causing neighbors to call the police -- who expect the hullabaloo to continue .
" When the Bushes are here full time , I imagine we 'll be here full time , " said Officer Michael Bratcher of the Dallas Police Department , who was directing traffic .
But the exclusive Dallas community the Bush family will soon join has a troubled history of its own .
Until 2000 , the neighborhood association 's covenant said only white people were allowed to live there , though an exception was made for servants .
Enacted in 1956 , part of the original document reads : " Said property shall be used and occupied by white persons except those shall not prevent occupancy by domestic servants of different race or nationality in the employ of a tenant . "
The entire covenant can be seen here .
When asked about his new home in an interview with The Dallas Morning News , Bush " played coy . "
" Mr. President -- you excited about your house in Dallas ? " Todd Gillman asked .
" Todd , why do you care ? " Bush responded .
" You live in Washington , D.C. "
The neighborhood is home to many famous people , including former presidential candidate Ross Perot and Mark Cuban , the billionaire businessman and Dallas Mavericks owner .
President Bush 's new house abuts the 14 - acre lair of real - estate investor Gene Phillips , who just had a trout - filled lake installed on his property .
after a long cold winter alone , mr.prickly was overjoyed to meet new friends .
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
By Jimmy Rogers
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
If you ’ve been on the Internet for any time at all , you might remember something called “ The Venice Project . ”
Essentially , the founders of Kazaa and Skype tried to come up with a way to bring television to the Internet in a peer - to - peer network that meshed with what the content providers wanted .
It was eventually released as “ Joost ” and thousands of Beta testers jumped on board .
Unfortunately , the project kind of turned into a bust .
The desktop client was buggy and crashed all the time .
Also , the content deals were severely lacking .
For this reason , Joost all but went away … until now , that is !
Joost for iPhone ( iTunes Link ) has just launched and with it a whole new possible future for the application .
For the most part , there is still no serious streaming video client for the iPhone .
Technically , YouTube has quite a bit of content out there , but very little of it is available for long if it is under copyright protection .
The Joost app is really the first application to offer unfiltered access to a large library of content that streams directly to the iPhone .
There are quite a few limitations at the moment , but let ’s go over the features first .
The interface is actually very good .
Finding what you want within the app is quick , as there is both a “ Joost Picks ” and “ Popular ” section along with a full search feature .
The “ Browse ” section is also good because it is easier to eliminate clips when looking for full - length films only .
On any of these categories , you are shown a preview image of the show as well as a short description .
The player is simple but also very functional .
There are central play controls , a resize button , and an “ X ” button to go back to the main menu or search menu ( depending on where you came from ) .
The experience with the player is very smooth .
There is n’t a lot of jerkiness because the video buffers for a bit before it begins to play .
All this being said , there are some serious drawbacks to this app .
The first thing on my list is that Joost will only work over a WiFi connection .
If you ’re on the EDGE or 3G network , Joost gives you a cheery error message and waits for you to change your connection settings .
While this is somewhat understandable because even on 3G , streaming video wo n’t be that fast , there is no reason for them to DISABLE the app under non-WiFi circumstances .
I wonder if Apple had anything to do with this decision .
Next is the lack of serious content .
Unlike some of the other video services on the web ( think : Hulu ) , Joost has only a few media partners .
Their catalogue consists mostly of clips that are under 5 minutes and movies that ca n’t even be given away .
While there are some exceptions ( the clip above is from part of The Animatrix ) , it can be a challenge to find something you want to watch .
My last irk about this service is the commercial delivery .
One of the primary “ What are you doing ? ” moments I have with most online video is the way that they choose commercials for their content .
Often I have begun watching a show that starts with a commercial , only to find that I need to restart the video for some reason .
Guess what commercial I get to watch ?
The same one !
This could easily be fixed by a few lines of code , I ’m sure , so why has n’t this been done on MOST video networks ?
Sorry for the rant at the end , but sometimes an app needs a kick in the pants .
Why am I recommending this service to you ?
Well , for one it is free , so you ’ve got nothing to lose .
Also , I suggest you browse around for a while and see if you can find anything you like .
Maybe your love of old Bruce Lee movies will trump my own .
Remember , as weak as the content may be , this app is the ONLY decent streaming video solution for the iPhone .
While others may not be far behind , Joost is once again serving as a straw man for whatever challenges are to be faced by future mobile streaming services .
Check it out and let us know what you think in the comments !
If you 've ever needed your computer fixed by someone who knew computers better than you , you 've certainly found yourself remarking at one thing in particular :
Their keyboard usage .
Strictly speaking , I believe there 's a direct correlation to skill with a computer , and frequency of keyboard use over mouse use .
Even if you consider yourself an advanced power user , chances are that if you come across someone who 's better at a computer than you they use the keyboard in places you 'd resort to the mouse .
Of course this is a one way correlation , and a general rule of thumb with your typical exceptions .
That is :
If you use the keyboard all the time it does n't guarantee that you 'll be an amazing computer user .
But if you 're an amazing computer user , chances are you use the keyboard more than those who are less amazing .
As far as the three major operating systems go - major in terms of awareness , rather than usage - I 've noticed some glaring differences with how much the keyboard is used and a term I can only lovingly describe as ' Geek Quotient . '
This is no claim as to which operating system is better , only what I 've come to learn in my own encounters with the operating systems , as well as observing the true champions of each .
I 'll start with Linux .
That operating system with more flavors than Baskin Robins - for a full list , see Wikipedia .
While there are many different forms of Linux , some more UI based than others , I 'll speak of them all rather loosely , by just referring to Linux , and for a simple reason :
The harder your core , the less you care for the shiny gloss that people load on top of the basic stuff .
That is , the purists who write their code / love poems in VIM , and surf the net using Lynx .
If you 're one of these purists , chances are your hands almost never leave the keyboard - particularly because just to get the mouse working in VIM requires loading additional plugins .
And while it 's certainly not beyond your ability , by the time you 're skilled enough to know how to load the right drivers , and include the right plugins , you 're far more efficient with the keyboard you do n't care anymore .
These types of users will build powerful machines , maxing our their RAM slots , having the latest and best processing power and video cards , and then put it to good use by running programs that already ran at lightning speed before Ram was measured in Megs .
If you can get started with Linux , and do n't get frustrated with it , rest assured you 'll soon get excited about fixing bugs in your own build , and brag about the extra room on your desk ever since you got rid of your mouse .
Windows is a much more linear growth .
As most of the world uses Windows with varying degress of complexity , your savvyness is often directly related to how much you use the keyboard .
The examples are plenty .
Compare yourself to your parents - who likely take their time moving the mouse from button to button .
Peculiarly , not only will they take the mouse to any point of the button , but they almost insist on placing it at the center of the button , as though they are applying a greater force to ensure the depression will be detected .
Chances are if you 're familiar with the tab button , watching someone mouse to each button is a frustrating experience .
If you 're an alt + tabber , shift + tabber , the experience is all the more excruciating .
A lot is possible with Windows in terms of keyboard shortcuts , but it maintains mousability the entire length of the way .
You can get geeky , but it takes a lot more keyboard use than your typical Linux user .
So Mac OS - why the double curve ?
A lot has to do with Mac 's interface .
Macs are - for the most part - user interface machines .
They 're all about interactability .
They 're gooey , squishy , glowey .
Some how the Mac people have managed to translate a texture to the mouse , so much so that it 's difficult to take your hand off that mouse .
Everything is a click away .
Where Linux has the shell , allowing you to type out your commands and length , and Windows has the start menu - with keyboards that have quick access Windows buttons , allowing users to use either mouse or keyboard , Mac OS is a clicking machine .
Hardware - wise , Macs reflect this same philosophy .
Everything is packed away , deep inside with no visible seams .
All you need to get it going is a single power button .
But then again , let 's not forget that Mac OS is built on top of Unix .
The not - so - free inspiration of Linux .
And while it 's very clickable , underneath it all it has the same stripped away feeling of console .
And once a Mac user unlocks the Unix portion of a Mac they 're comparable to a Linux user - though , it does take some time to get there .
And at that point , they may very well switch to Linux anyway .
There 's a spot where the three lines converge and then diverge , as they intersect and then go their separate ways .
It is here that three operating systems take their own course , where their philosophies become evident .
This spot is also , what I 'd call the UI Sweet Spot .
Why ?
If you 're someone who makes your living out of developign User Interfaces , you 'll see this is a spot that works for all types of users .
Keyboarders may still keyboard , mousers may still mouse , but it 's intuitive to all users - not demanding anyone to step out of their comfort zone .
Of course , because the sweet spot is quite obviously not at the origin - which is why , if you extend that box to incorporate the origin , you 've got a universally approachable UI .
And that is the UI dreams are made of .
The business community is championing a rescue plan that essentially installs regulators inside the private market .
Chamber threatens anti-bailout members
When the $ 700 billion Wall Street rescue plan went up in smoke on Monday , House Republicans who opposed it immediately got a threatening e-mail — from the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
“ KEY VOTE ALERT ! ” the headline read in GREAT BIG PRINT .
Advertisement
“ Make no mistake : When the aftermath of congressional inaction becomes clear , Americans will not tolerate those who stood by and let the calamity happen , ” it continued .
“ The Chamber will score votes on , or in relation to , this issue in our annual How They Voted scorecard , ” read its closing , underlined and bold - printed final sentence .
The implicit threat : A bad rating on that scorecard could mean a loss of campaign cash , direct mail and any other help the deep - pocketed Chamber can deliver to lawmakers in tight races .
To be fair , the alert was delivered to all lawmakers .
But it carried its biggest sting in the Republican caucus , which has long relied on the Chamber for political support .
The tension between the two allies illustrates how deeply the financial crisis has upended Washington .
The business community has spent years and millions blocking greater government oversight .
Now it ’s championing a rescue plan that essentially installs regulators inside the private market .
The $ 700 billion plan aimed at thawing a crippling credit freeze includes a provision creating a new congressional board and a new inspector general to watch over Treasury and , by extension , any company that does business with it .
It charges the Government Accountability Office with conducting vigorous audits of the transactions between the new government real estate and securities experts and the private sector .
And it invites virtually any business or economic expert , real or self - declared , to weigh in on any of the deals because they will be posted on the Internet within two days of their being proposed .
And the business community thought the Securities and Exchange Commission was so bad ?
“ We will have to come back and redesign how we regulate our financial industry .
We hope to do that in a calm and considered way with a new Congress and a new administration , ” said John Castellani , head of the Business Roundtable .
“ But we ’ve got to get to next year , and that is why we are willing to accept more regulations , ” he added .
David Abromowitz , senior fellow for the more liberal Center for American Progress , says businesses and their allies have n’t completely lost their free - market bent .
“ The mechanism Treasury first proposed was about as lightly regulated as possible .
It was a three - page bill giving the Treasury secretary $ 700 billion in borrowing power to buy anything he thought would help alleviate the mortgage crisis with no review , ” said Abromowitz .
In addition , the White House ’s main fixation has been relieving the credit crunch plaguing capital markets , rather than solving or easing the underlying problem : home foreclosures .
Still , the corporate world is being forced to bend .
Beyond the expanded oversight provisions , the legislation being touted by business leaders even puts a cap on CEO salaries .
“ None of this , in a stand - alone bill , in calmer times would be , in our view , necessary , ” Castellani said .
“ It is necessary now , and it ’s necessary to get our problem fixed . ”
Nowhere are the changing times more evident than at the Chamber .
“ There is every right for business to go to government to look for cooperative ways to resolve problems .
There is no right for business to go to government to take care of their [ own ] follies and errors , ” the Chamber ’s chief executive officer , Tom Donohue , declared in 2002 .
That was the same year Congress passed the Sarbanes - Oxley law , legislation that imposed greater disclosure requirements on businesses after a string of corporate accounting scandals .
A year later , insurance giant AIG and its companion Starr Foundation poured $ 15 million into the Chamber to help finance a campaign to roll back Sarbanes - Oxley .
The Chamber formed a commission for the mission and progress was being made .
The SEC had begun loosening the rules on small businesses , and the business community found sympathetic allies even among the Democrats who rose to power in 2007 .
But that was then , and this is now .
Provisions inside Sarbanes - Oxley that required chief financial and executive officers to certify that their public profits and losses reports truthfully reflected their financial condition are now being used to launch criminal probes by the SEC and the Justice Department .
And what became of AIG , arguably the primary funder of the Chamber ’s effort to soften Sarbanes - Oxley ?
It ’s now a quasi - governmental institution after Treasury earlier this month extended about $ 85 million in loans to keep it afloat .
And this week , the Chamber shed any trace of its typical small - government , no-regulation mantra .
“ Extraordinary government intervention is essential to restoring confidence and ensuring credit availability , ” the Chamber ’s chief lobbyist , Bruce Josten , said in a letter to lawmakers .
“ Stabilizing the financial system and preventing a systemic collapse of our capital markets must be the federal government ’s top priority , ” he added .
“ Speed is of the essence . ”
In addition to its key vote alert , the Chamber on Monday sent out an urgent call to action to its members across the country urging them to lean on their lawmakers to vote for the rescue plan .
“ Time is of the essence ! ” it read .
“ It is more important now than ever to urge your members of Congress to take immediate action to stop the impending financial crisis . ”
On Monday , Josten said in an interview that the enhanced oversight in the bill may not create major burdens for the business community because it will apply only to those that seek help from Treasury .
But he acknowledged that the CEO salary cap was a bitter pill , one he believes the government might regret because it could limit the pool of candidates who would take over a bank rescued by the taxpayers .
“ I would think you ’d want the best and most effective person doing that , ” he said .
How Did Feds Listen
In on Blagojevich ?
Investigators normally use wiretaps , " surreptitious entry " to listen to targets .
Dec. 11 , 2008  --
Court records from the investigation into Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich are filled with recorded conversations of the governor allegedly offering to sell an appointment to President - elect Barack Obama 's former U.S. Senate seat .
How did the government find out what he was saying ?
Federal investigators tapped Blagojevich 's home phone and bugged his personal office and a conference room in the Friends of Blagojevich campaign headquarters .
Officials began listening to conversations in late October , the court documents say .
Former law enforcement officials and security experts , who were not familiar with the details of the investigation , said it may be easier than one would think to listen in on private conversations , even those of a governor .
Blagojevich was arrested Tuesday on corruption charges .
He was released on bond and has denied any wrongdoing .
While it was not immediately clear how the FBI and federal prosecutors accessed Blagojevich 's campaign offices , law enforcement officers have at times gone to extraordinary lengths to spy on the targets of their investigations .
" It 's not something you do overnight .
You have plenty of time to develop probable cause .
You do a survey , figure out how to get in , " said Lee Flosi , a former FBI agent who headed the Chicago Organized Crime Task Force .
In order to get a federal wiretap , investigators must get approval from the Department of Justice and a federal judge .
They must have probable cause that the wiretap will detect ongoing criminal activity , according to former law enforcement officials .
With a court order , investigators could listen to conversations on Blagojevich 's home phone by working through the phone company and without having to enter his home .
The bugs in the campaign offices would be more difficult , former investigators say , and might have required investigators to make stealth entries to plant the listening devices .
" Typically what they will do is surreptitious entries , " said Brad Garrett , a former FBI agent and ABC News consultant .
Though every situation is different , Flosi said agents will often pose as repairmen or try to get a job with a night cleaning crew .
On other occasions , agents have broken into buildings .
" You might have to pick the lock and disable the alarm , " said Garrett .
" The key is to get in and out , and nobody knows that you 've done it . "
Wiretaps Tiny , But Sometimes Detected
During one undercover operation , Flosi said , agents wanted to get into a house that was across the street from a police station .
Flosi said he hid inside an empty refrigerator box , and agents posing as deliverymen left the box on the front doorstep , obscuring the view from the police station .
He said he picked the lock from inside the box .
Once the door was unlocked , the other agents removed the box and they were able to walk into the home 's unlocked door later to plant the bug .
" It 's amazing to me how easy it is to get into most places , " said Kevin Murray , a security consultant .
" Locks and alarms are not really good enough to deter espionage . "
Listening devices can be very small and easily concealed , with some so tiny they can " fit underneath your fingernail , " said Murray .
Bugs have been placed inside walls , in light fixtures , lamps , phones and coasters .
John Gotti held secret meetings in an apartment above the Ravenite Social Club in New York 's Little Italy that belonged to the widow of a former mob associate .
When the widow left home to spend Thanksgiving with relatives , the FBI placed a bug in the living room of her apartment and recorded hours of Gotti 's conversations .
But bugs are not always successful , and have at times been detected .
Reputed mobster Louie " Ha Ha " Attanasio famously took a sledge hammer to a parking meter outside a social club in Brooklyn where members of the Gambino crime family congregated after learning that the police had managed to bug it .
" I 've had people call me and say , ' come pick up your equipment , ' " said one former federal prosecutor .
Blagojevich apparently suspected some of his conversations could be recorded , allegedly telling one associate to talk as if the whole world were listening -- a missive recorded by investigators .
Apparently , he was right .
Over 90 % of email is spam
In the world of spam , what goes down must come up .
Two weeks after the shutdown of web hosting firm McColo , which saw a two - thirds drop in spam worldwide , spam numbers are creeping up again .
Industry experts disagree on the degree to which spam has returned , but most say that prior levels will soon be reached .
Some 450,000 infected computers have been spotted trying to connect to the largest of the networks McColo hosted .
Messaging security firm IronPort Systems reckons that for now , spam remains at a level below half that prior to the McColo shutdown , whereas MessageLabs sees the level at about two - thirds .
In any case , spam is on the rise again .
McColo served as host to a number of " command and control " centres for botnets , networks of infected computers called bots that send spam and engage in other malicious activities .
With the shutdown of McColo , these botnets have been left without a centralised command , and the botnets ' owners will be on the hunt for new hosts and bandwidth .
Phoning home
But the bots will remain infected with the malware that recruited them , and may soon be recruited anew .
Internet security firm FireEye has spotted some 450,000 infected computers from the Srizbi botnet - alleged to account for as much as half of all the spam on Earth - trying to " phone home " and reach their command and control servers .
According to an ongoing investigation by the Washington Post , who initiated the McColo shutdown , the Srizbi bots have been programmed with a mathematical formula that in the event of a shutdown generate a random but unique web address to check for updates .
That suggests that as soon as Srizbi 's owners find a new web hosting firm , they need only set up a site at that unique address and the botnet will be fully functional again .
And MessageLabs reports that another large botnet called Cutwail , unaffected by the McColo shutdown , has increased its efforts in response to the " spam vacuum " of recent weeks .
In combination with the typical spam cycle that sees rises around the Christmas season , it would seem that the scourge of spam will return to its former strengths soon .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Over a thirty - six hour period in Los Angeles , a handful of disparate people 's lives intertwine as they deal with the tense race relations that belie life in the city .
Among the players are : the Caucasian district attorney , who uses race as a political card ; his Caucasian wife , who , having recently been carjacked by two black men , believes that her stereotypical views of non-whites is justified and cannot be considered racism ; the two black carjackers who use their race both to their advantage and as an excuse ; partnered Caucasian police constables , one who is a racist and uses his authority to harass non-whites , and the other who hates his partner because of those racist views , but who may have the same underlying values in his subconscious ; a black film director and his black wife , who believes her husband does n't support their black background enough , especially in light of an incident with the racist white cop ; partnered police detectives and sometimes lovers , one Hispanic female ... Written by Huggo
KAOSHIUNG , Taiwan ( CNN ) --
There is no animal on earth more vilified than the shark .
Pop culture references and annual , over - hyped reports of attacks on swimmers or surfers have put sharks on the top of the list of the world 's most feared living things .
Nearly 100 million sharks are killed every year due to the enormous demand for shark fins to make shark fin soup .
more photos »
There is however , a creature far more predacious than the shark : Humans .
Sharks existed before there were dinosaurs and they pre-date humans by millions of years .
Yet , in a relatively short period of time , humans and their technological arsenal have driven most shark populations to the verge of extinction .
This is bad news for the world 's oceans .
Sharks are the top predator in the ocean and are vital to its ecosystem .
The rapid reduction of sharks is disrupting the ocean 's equilibrium , according to Peter Knights , director of WildAid International .
" These are ecosystems that have evolved over millions and millions of years , " said Knights .
" As soon as you start to take out an important part of it , it 's like a brick wall , you take out bricks [ and ] eventually it 's going to collapse . "
When sharks attack humans , it inevitably makes news - it is a sexy story .
What is rarely reported is that worldwide , sharks kill an average of 10 people every year .
It 's usually when people venture into a shark 's habitat and not the other way around .
By contrast , humans kill around 100 million sharks every year - a number that has ballooned in recent years because of the enormous demand for shark fins to make shark fin soup .
Lisa Ling visits ' ground zero ' in battle to protect sharks »
Shark fin soup is a delicacy reserved for the wealthy on special occasions and it has been part of Chinese culture for centuries .
For years , only rich Chinese mostly in Hong Kong , Taiwan and Singapore consumed it , so the impact on the overall shark population was negligible .
Over the last decade , the exploding middle class in China has changed the fate of the shark .
With an unprecedented number of people making more money than ever , the demand for all things that signal an improvement in status is gargantuan .
The ability to serve and consume shark fin soup is among the most revered of activities , because it signifies that one has made it .
Shark fin soup can be expensive .
A bowl of imperial shark fin soup can cost upwards of $ 100 .
These days , shark fin soup is so fashionable that it 's becoming commonplace .
Buffets serve versions of it for as low as $ 10 a bowl .
The irony is that shark fin is flavorless -- its cartilage has a chewy consistency .
Tens of thousands of sharks are being killed for a gelatinous thing in a soup .
To satiate the appetites of upwardly mobile Chinese , fishermen traverse all corners of the Earth 's oceans in search of sharks or , more specifically , their fins .
Because space is limited on fishing vessels and shark bodies are bulky and not considered as valuable , fishermen often catch the sharks , saw off their fins and toss the sharks back into the water .
Without their fins , sharks cannot swim and they sink to the ocean floor , where they 're picked at by other fish and left to die .
See photos of Taiwan 's shark finning trade »
The " Planet in Peril " crew traveled with Knights to Taiwan 's southern port city of Kaohsiung , which is considered one of the world 's main hubs for shark fins .
We watched as the fishermen unloaded their catch .
Thousands of fins were thrown from one of the ships that had spent months fishing the international waters of the Pacific .
See a map of where the ' Planet in Peril ' crew traveled for their worldwide investigation »
Because of the sensitivity over this issue , few people were willing to talk to us .
Shark finning is not illegal .
Taiwan has no law against fins taken from international waters coming into its ports .
However , Taiwan does have what it calls a " plan of action " that requires the bodies of the sharks the fins came from to be accounted for and not dumped into the sea .
But at this port , we see more fins than bodies as a forklift scoops up large piles of fins and dumps them into a truck .
There are no signs of anyone monitoring the weight ratio or making sure there 's no illegal fishing of the five shark species protected under international treaty .
" The laws are weak and when you take the fins off , identifying these species is almost impossible , " Knights said .
" You can see they all look almost identical and yet they 're makos and threshers and blue sharks ; there [ are ] all kinds of species there , but identifying them and monitoring them and having a regulated fishery is virtually impossible . "
Taiwan is not alone .
Shark finning thrives off weak regulations around the world and only a few countries demand that sharks arrive in port with fins attached .
Knights says it comes down to economics .
" The fin is one of the most expensive pound - for - pound item from the sea .
And the beauty about the fin is that it 's very compact ... it does n't take up your hull and you can make a lot of money from it , " said Knights .
Fins can sell for $ 500 per pound , according to WildAid , which is campaigning for a global ban on shark finning .
In recent years , Cocos Island has become another battleground in the fight to save the shark .
Located 300 miles off the coast of Costa Rica , the only way to get to this uninhabited islet in the eastern Pacific is by boat .
Cocos Island , recently declared a national park , is a nearly pristine and richly preserved ecosystem where thousands of sharks have roamed for centuries .
Scientists think there are more sharks there than any other place on Earth .
Fishermen come from all over the world to catch the sharks that swim around the island .
It is illegal for fishing boats to get within three miles of the island , but the law is routinely ignored .
On any given day , one can see numerous fishing boats no more than a mile away from the island .
The fate of the shark is grim .
Increasing public awareness of the shark 's role in the marine ecosystem and the rapid rate of extinction because of the demand for shark fin soup may be the best hope for the shark , which has inhabited the planet for 400 million years .
" Can you imagine if it was Yellowstone Park and people were shooting up grizzlies ?
No one would ever get away with it .
But this ocean , because it 's out of sight , out of mind , [ shark finning ] carries on , " said Knights .
All About Marine Animals • Oceanography • Nature and the Environment
China 's first regional aircraft with independent intellectual property rights ARJ21-700 made a successful maiden flight November 28 , 2008 .
China 's first regional aircraft with independent intellectual property rights ARJ21-700 made a successful maiden flight November 28 , 2008 .
China 's first regional aircraft with independent intellectual property rights ARJ21-700 made a successful maiden flight November 28 , 2008 .
ARJ21-700 has 78 to 90 seats , and the design flying range is 1,200 to 2,000 sea miles .
It is able to provide direct flight services for more than 98 % of the domestic lines and meet requirements of complex terrain and the plateau environment of China 's western areas .
Chatting with Joshua Peek 2008 September 26 , 02:32 h
The interesting bit : he is just 19 years old and 4 years ago he was n’t a programmer .
He started on Ruby with Learn to Program and he is now a Rails Core member .
Let ’s get to know him .
He got the honor because of his hard work for the upcoming Rails 2.2 , solving the thread - safety issue within Rails .
Because of his Google Summer of Code project , guided by Michael Koziarski , they were able to make Ruby on Rails truly Thread - Safe , which could be a great boost for virtual machines with native - threading support , such as JRuby .
This time I had some time with Joshua Peek .
He was recently announced as a new member of the Rails Core Team .
AkitaOnRails :
Ok , so let ’s get started .
First of all , it would be good to know more about yourself .
Like how did you find Ruby , why you got hooked by it , and what are your “ hobbies ” in the tech area ￼
Josh Peek : Like most people , I originally found Ruby through Rails .
At the time , I was only doing simple web design like html , css , js .
I had no programming experience .
I think I bought some php book , but I could never get into it .
So I heard about this “ Rails ” thing and looked into it .
I learned quickly that I really needed to learn how to program and learn Ruby , so I got the Pickaxe and Agile Web Development with Rails book and went from there .
AkitaOnRails :
This is interesting , one of my goals of interviewing you is because I figured you are pretty young and there are lots of young programmers that feels that learning Ruby is difficult .
And you say you never programmed before Ruby , so how was this learning curve for you ?
Josh Peek : Yeah , I ’m currently 19 and I started programming Ruby about 3 years ago .
Before I read the pickaxe , I found this little Ruby programming book by Chris Pine .
It was really helpful to get into programming .
The hardest thing about programming for me , was wrapping my head around OOP .
It ’s really something you just need to work with to truly understand .
AkitaOnRails : Oh , and I forgot to ask , where are you from ?
Do you study CS ?
Josh Peek : I ’m currently living up in Chicago , IL where I attend college as well .
Yes , my current major is Computer Science
AkitaOnRails :
When you started programming with Rails , what were the things that most annoyed you , if any ?
Josh Peek : Hmm , I ca n’t really think of anything that “ annoyed ” me .
It was never a problem because you could either monkey patch the issue or fix it and get it out to the entire Rails community .
AkitaOnRails :
So you started working with Rails as a freelancer ?
Did you build any open source gems , plugins as well ?
Josh Peek : Yeah , I started as a freelancer .
I technically still am .
I used to publish a ton of Rails plugins .
I think I went a bit overboard at first .
I really do n’t have any of those around anymore , but it would be fun to go through them and see how much my views on programming have changed since .
Right now , all my current plugins and code are at github.com / josh .
I tend to just post any personal project I ’m working on , on Github even if it ’s not done or I think it will be useful at all .
AkitaOnRails : Ok , so the main dish Thread - safety !
You said you were not particularly ‘ annoyed ’ by anything about Rails , but you decided to tackle on this challenge anyway , how did it all started ?
Josh Peek : I did want to do a Google Summer of Code project for a while now .
However when it came to signing up I did things really last second .
I asked around the core team and a few ideas came up , one of them was thread safety .
I was n’t really even that interested in doing it , I actually wanted to work in ActiveModel as my project .
However the thread safe project was the only one that was accepted , so I was stuck with it .
Before the project started , I had zero experience with threads .
I did n’t even know what a mutex was for , however I welcomed it as a learning experience .
AkitaOnRails : Maybe it would be interesting if you could give us an overview of how the Google Summer of Code works , I mean , what are their goals , how do you participate , how difficult it is .
Some Brazilians are probably not familiar with it .
Josh Peek : Google Summer of Code is a program setup by Google that sponsors students to work on open source projects .
The student creates a project proposal for the organization they want to work with , Ruby Central in my case , and it gets approved by them .
You also work with a mentor from the organization .
Michael Koziarski ( Rails Core ) originally suggested that I do the project and so we “ arranged ” for us to work together .
At the end of the program , you submit your code and if you have completed the project you get paid $ 5000 .
And I think $ 500 of that goes to the open source organization .
AkitaOnRails :
And you completed the project ?
Josh Peek : Yes .
AkitaOnRails : Cool , and how long is the program ?
Josh Peek : Around 3 months I think .
AkitaOnRails :
Ok , back to the more technical stuff .
There is something that bothers me a little bit .
Of course it is a lot of work to make Rails thread - safe and this is something people were really looking forward to .
But on the other hand , the MRI does n’t use native threads , which essentially means that they are never truly concurrent , is that correct ?
Maybe other projects such as JRuby could benefit ?
Is there any real benefits for the MRI itself ?
Josh Peek : Correct .
JRuby is the only true solution if you want real thread concurrency .
Ruby 1.9 does support “ real ” threads .
However most of the internal C code is not thread - safe so there is an interrupter around those methods , but I ’m hoping that maybe Ruby 2.0 will be fully thread - safe .
AkitaOnRails :
You probably ran tests for both MRI and JRuby ?
Did you get improved performance / responsiveness because of the new thread - safe code ?
Or does it add up some new overhead instead ?
Josh Peek :
Our tests showed some slight improves in MRI , however the app we were testing was a simple test app .
We did n’t have a real app we could benchmark since nothing else was thread - safe at the time .
JRuby did show some nice improvements , again it was n’t a real app though .
AkitaOnRails :
Did you only aim for the thread - safe parts or did you also found and fixed other kinds of bottlenecks in the framework ?
You probably went through the entire code over and over and you already know it upside down , right ? ￼
Josh Peek : I did a lot of work on preloading caches on boot up .
The easy way out would be to just put a mutex around those caches and call it done .
However , I had some extra time so I rewrote a ton of ActionView code .
Preloading means that we are building the cache on boot so it does n’t need to be modified ( or synchronized ) while it ’s serving requests and this should also benefit non threaded apps as well .
And it ’s a huge win for Passenger , if you are using the copy on write feature , since caches built during Rails boot will be shared across multiple process .
AkitaOnRails : Awesome , the Phusion guys will like to hear about that .
And I know some people will be lost about mutexes , could you explain a little bit about it for the audience ?
Josh Peek :
The big issue about running multiple threads is shared memory .
If two threads try to access and modify the same object , it can cause some major problems .
A “ mutex ” is a type of lock that “ synchronizes ” your threads so only one thread can access that piece of memory at a time .
However , this does have a performance impact because other threads have to stop while one is accessing the shared memory .
AkitaOnRails : I think it is awesome work , specially for JRuby .
Did you talk to Charles , Nick or someone from the JRuby Core ?
I remember that I interviewed Charles and he said that even though they were pushing harder on the optimization of the JRuby runtime , the performance of Rails apps were not improving that much , so the next step would be to try to figure out how to modify Rails itself to behave better .
Have you heard anything about this ?
Josh Peek : Yes , we worked with Charles on some JRuby specific optimizations .
He was a lot of help and he answered any of my questions relating to how JRuby synchronizes threads and what operations are atomic .
Nick Sieger actually volunteered ( before GSoC ) to tackle the ActiveRecord connection pool .
Really a big thanks to Nick , I really did n’t have the experience to tackle that problem and he did a great job on it .
AkitaOnRails :
Ok , even though the Ruby VM can’t have true concurrent threads , they actually have to deal with concurrent resources , in this case database connections , so a pool was necessary .
Was it too much trouble to implement ?
Was it something that you had to do from scratch or there were prior work on connection pools for Ruby ?
Josh Peek :
Well , I think you better of asking Nick this question .
But here is what I understand about it :
The previous AR connection implementation did support threads , however it was easy to max out on the allowed number of db connections if a server got blasted .
The connection pool basically recycles old connections and prevents AR from establishing too many .
You can actually set his max in your database .
yml file with the “ pool ” option .
I think the default is 3 .
AkitaOnRails :
And how does the mentor role work ?
I mean , did Koziarski guide you on specific points he wanted you to take a look on ?
Josh Peek : Koz really help me stay on track .
He did a lot of code auditing , and pointed out specific places I should look for problems in the large Rails code base .
AkitaOnRails :
From the outside it probably feels ‘ easy ’ to say ‘ ok , we just added thread - safety into Rails ’ , but this is not something like an external gem or plugin , you actually have to tackle the guts of the framework .
How can you be sure you actually touched every part of the code that needed concurrency safety measures ?
Josh Peek :
That ’s really what is hard about making code “ thread safe ” : there is no real way to be sure .
You can write a bunch of unit tests and say ‘ look , I can prove it ’s fine ’ .
However , the big issues are out of the way .
From now on , we ’ve decided to classify any further thread safe issues just like normal bugs .
AkitaOnRails :
Do you think it is ready for prime - time ?
Or are you still tweaking it ?
Josh Peek : I think it is ready for those people who have been waiting for a thread - safe Rails .
People should start to audit and test their own apps for thread - safe issues and if something comes up , we ’ll fix it in core .
It ’s really hard to test this stuff unless real people are testing real apps against it .
AkitaOnRails :
At least , “ Rails is not thread - safe ” is not a good enough reason anymore to not use Rails .
This should shut up a few pundits .
This Rails 2.2 is going to be interesting , debunking some of these criticisms .
Another one is “ Rails does n’t support i18n ” , thanks to Sven .
What else do you like the most about the next Rails release ?
Josh Peek :
My next little project within Rails is switching over to Rack .
Rails 2.2 will include a Rack processor which lets your use it with any Rack server .
However we are not fully switching over to Rack , yet .
In 2.2 rack is opt-in .
./ script / server will still run the old CGI processor .
I hope to see CGI deprecated in the next release so we can be Rack only for 3.0 .
AkitaOnRails :
What are the benefits of going for Rack ?
It may not be so obvious for some people on why change code that is working already ( the CGI bit ) .
Josh Peek :
There should be some performance benefits , however that was n’t enough to convince .
Right now we have a ton of CGI hacks in Rails .
This should clean up a lot of that .
What I really love is the standardized interface to Rails .
This means a more universal API for writing ActionController related plugins that will work on any compatible Rack framework .
I hope this means more Rails plugins will just work with Merb and vice versa .
AkitaOnRails : Having finished your GSoC project granted you the keys for the Rails official repo , is that correct ?
How does the Rails Core organize itself ?
Is each person responsible for some particular bit , or everybody else looks after everything ?
Josh Peek :
It seems like everyone has their own little responsibilities depending on what they were just working on .
Since I just rewrote a ton of ActionView , I pretty much assume any issues or tickets related to it .
I do n’t think anyone has a pre-determined area though .
People change their interests and that ’s fine .
AkitaOnRails :
But now can you ‘ git push ’ anything you want into Edge ?
And by the way , you mentioned you messed a lot with ActionView , but what exactly you changed there ?
Josh Peek : Yeah , I ’ve had commit access a while before the GSoC project ( just before we switched to git ) .
ActionView had to be refactored to support the preloading approach I was talking about earlier .
So ERB templates are pre-compiled and cached on boot instead of at runtime .
AkitaOnRails :
So , in 3 years you went from zero to Rails Core , solving the “ thread - safety issue ” and still having time to study and work on your freelance projects .
How does it feel , looking back in retrospective ?
Did you ever thought you would contribute so much ?
Josh Peek : 4 years ago , I really never even saw myself programming .
I definitely never thought I end up on the Core Team of Rails .
AkitaOnRails :
After so much you learned , what are the areas in computing that interests you the most ?
Web Development , any other area such as compilers , OS , etc ?
What do you intend to do next ?
Josh Peek : I still really love Web Development .
I recently tried some iPhone programming , but I ’m not sure how I feel about it yet .
I ’d love to try some lower level stuff .
I still have n’t had a chance to use the Ruby C API , and I hear it ’s really nice .
Lately I ’ve been doing a lot of work on a javascript project that ’s soon to be announced and open sourced .
AkitaOnRails : Oh , and by the way , are you also a Mac user ? :-)
And I think this is it !
Any other remarks about what we talked or something you would say to the Brazilian Ruby community ?
Josh Peek : Yeah , I ’ve been using Macs for about 6 years now .
I ’m not one of those people who switched after they discovered Ruby :-)
Josh Peek :
And think thats pretty much it , … I was suckered into doing a talk at RubyConf this year , for the GSoC thing .
So you ’ll probably hear about about “ thread safety ” there .
It ’s probably the last time I ’ll ever want to talk about Rails and threads again .
Thanks for the questions .
What makes a classic guy movie ?
We do n’t think there ’s any one definition .
It ’s a nebulous concept , although certain factors weigh more heavily than others .
One might say start with blood , car chases , guts , gun play , explosions , the F - word , and cleavage .
But that argument is too simplistic .
It ’s not all about the action or the women .
It can include male bonding or simply creating an aura of cool .
And let ’s not forget the comedies or science fiction films .
But it should be the kind of movie you can watch over and over again with your friends , while remembering the lines or the scenes as you go .
And it ’s likely that the women in your life do n’t share the same passion for that movie .
That ’ll at least point you in the right direction .
So while we may not be able to define it , like Supreme Court Justice Potter Stewart when identifying obscenity , we know it when we see it .
Here are the Top 50 guy movies from the 1990s :
50 . Wild Things , 1998
Premise :
Two very different high school girls accuse a popular teacher of rape , leading to a trial and much more .
Director : John McNaughton
Stars : Matt Dillon , Kevin Bacon , Denise Richards , Neve Campbell
What you ’ll Remember :
The hotel scene
Reasons it is on the List : Okay , so the plot is far - fetched and you have Kevin Bacon ’s bacon , that ’s the bad .
The good ?
You can see Neve Campbell and Denise Richards make out , Richards pour champagne on her breasts , and you get Bill Murray tossed in for comedy ’s sake .
Overall that ’s a winner .
49 . Army of Darkness , 1993
Premise : A man is accidentally transported to 1300 A.D. , where he must battle an army of the dead and retrieve a book so he can return home .
Director : Sam Raimi
Stars : Bruce Campbell , Embeth Davidtz , Marcus Gilbert
What you ’ll Remember : Alright you Primitive Screwheads , listen up !
You see this ?
This … is my boomstick !
Reasons it is on the List :
This quasi - horror adventure tale relies more on slapstick and appropriately tongue - in - cheek special effects than blood and gore like the previous Evil Dead entries .
You might say its an ode to The Three Stooges that ’s littered with one - liners .
Hail to the King , Baby !
Premise : Hosts of a local late night cable - access program sell - out their program to the man .
Director : Penelope Spheeris
Stars : Mike Myers , Dana Carvey , Rob Lowe , Tia Carrere
What you ’ll Remember : Bohemian Rhapsody in the car .
Reasons it is on the List :
There ’s a parade of one - liners in this comedy such as : “ Excellent ! ” , “ Party On ! ” , “ Schwing ! ” , “ If you ’re gonna spew , spew into this ” , “ Hurl ” , and “ We ’re Not Worthy ” .
There ’s also a trio of endings , rock stars , and the magically babelicious Tia Carrere .
47 . Fear and Loathing in Las Vegas , 1998
Premise : A journalist and his attorney travel to Vegas to cover a motorcycle race and consume copious amounts of illegal drugs , commit acts of fraud , and generally wreak havoc .
Director : Terry Gilliam
Stars : Johnny Depp , Benicio del Toro , Christina Ricci
What you ’ll Remember :
We ca n’t stop here .
This is bat country .
Reasons it is on the List : Based on a novel written by Hunter S. Thompson , the entire movie involves someone taking massive amounts of some drug and the consequences .
It works thanks to Depp and Gilliam ’s blatant uniqueness .
Yes the movie is strange , sometimes to the point of insanity .
It is a Gilliam movie after all , could you expect otherwise ?
But the package works , as it comes off as a sophisticated stoner flick .
46 . Glengarry Glen Ross , 1992
Premise :
Two days in the lives of four real estate agents as they become desperate to avoid getting fired .
Director : James Foley
Stars : Al Pacino , Jack Lemmon , Alec Baldwin , Ed Harris , Alan Arkin , Kevin Spacey
What you ’ll Remember : A - B - C. A - Always , B - Be , C - Closing .
Always be closing , always be closing .
Reasons it is on the List :
The biting screenplay by David Mamet is littered with quotable lines , some less than PG .
And the star studded cast includes four Oscar winners and two others who have been nominated , perhaps the greatest acting ensemble ever put before a camera .
The movie has no sex , no violence , no car chases , no action , just powerful acting .
Go see it !
45 . Die Hard With A Vengeance , 1995
Premise : A man blows up a downtown department store and forces a detective and local shopkeeper to play a game or else risk more deaths .
Director : John McTiernan
Stars : Bruce Willis , Jeremy Irons , Samuel L. Jackson
What you ’ll Remember : Bruce Willis with a billboard in Harlem .
Reasons it is on the List : Die Hard ‘s a classic , and while this may not quite live up to the original , it ’s packed full of explosions and adds in Samuel L. Jackson .
The combination of Jackson and Willis leads to remarkable chemistry , enabling both deep tension and hilarious comic moments .
44 . True Lies , 1994
Premise : A secret agent who has an ordinary home life with his family unaware that he is a spy until they get caught up in a mission .
Director : James Cameron
Stars : Arnold Schwarzenegger , Jamie Lee Curtis , Tom Arnold
What you ’ll Remember : Stuff Blowing Up .
Reasons it is on the List :
It ’s hard not to enjoy a James Cameron movie , but toss in action star Arnold Schwazenegger and a budget larger than the GNP of many small countries and you get big action , big explosions , and a great re-watchable film .
43 . Friday , 1995
Premise :
In south central Los Angeles , two friends hangout and get high after one gets fired on his day off .
Director : F. Gary Gray
Stars : Ice Cube , Chris Tucker , Nia Long
What you ’ll Remember :
You got knocked the #@ !& out !
Reasons it is on the List :
This is vintage Chris Tucker , a stoner comedy with many memorable lines , and it ’s the kind of movie you can pop in at any time .
Even if you know the lines , it ’s still funny .
There just does n’t seem to be enough R - Rated comedies around these days .
42 . Natural Born Killers , 1994
Premise : A young couple embarks on a crime spree , Bonnie and Clyde style .
Director : Oliver Stone
Stars : Woody Harrelson , Juliette Lewis , Tom Sizemore
What you ’ll Remember : Someone ’s head on a stick .
Reasons it is on the List : As Roger Ebert wrote , “ Seeing this movie once is not enough .
The first time is for the visceral experience , the second time is for the meaning . ”
It is amongst the most violent American films made , but is meant to be a satire of violence in American media and how criminals can become quasi-celebrities .
41 . Billy Madison , 1995
Premise : A goof - off and slacker who must go back to school and complete all twelve grades in order to take over his father ’s company .
Director : Tamra Davis
Stars : Adam Sandler , Bridgette Wilson , Bradley Whitford
What you ’ll Remember :
It ’s too damn hot for a penguin to be just walkin’ around .
Reasons it is on the List : Adam Sandler ’s crowning achievement in a long line of major Hollywood comedies .
His first starring role remains his most memorable and also stars a pre-Pete Sampras Bridgette Wilson .
This crude , tasteless comedy is no great piece of art , it just brings the laughs .
40 . Starship Troopers , 1997
Premise : A group of graduating friends enlist for a war against an alien race of bugs .
Director : Paul Verhoeven
Stars : Casper Van Dien , Denise Richards , Dina Meyer
What you ’ll Remember :
The shower scene .
Reasons it is on the List :
It ’s a Verhoeven movie , so you ’re pretty much guaranteed some skin and gratuitous violence .
But there ’s depth to the movie , as it ’s actually a satire on war including visual allusions to propaganda films , and is littered with Nazi symbolism .
39 . Tombstone , 1993
Premise :
The story of Wyatt Earp and his move down to Tombstone , Arizona .
Director : George P. Cosmatos
Stars : Kurt Russell , Val Kilmer , Sam Elliott , Bill Paxton
What you ’ll Remember : I ’m your huckleberry …
Reasons it is on the List : Val Kilmer plays an incredible Doc Holliday , and you get to see a bad - ass Western icon like Wyatt Earp on the big screen shooting bad guys like at the O.K. Corrall .
What guy would n’t like a grand Western filled with women , gambling , and guns ?
38 . Desperado , 1995
Premise : A Mariachi singer seeks vengeance for those that killed his love .
Director : Robert Rodriguez
Stars : Antonio Banderas , Salma Hayek , Joaquim de Almeida
What you ’ll Remember : Steve Buscemi ’s stories .
Well , actually its probably Salma Hayek .
Reasons it is on the List :
The middle film of the “ Mexico Trilogy ” or El Mariachi movies , it has some stylish shootout scenes and insane use of guitar cases filled with weapons .
Oh , and this movie helped introduce Salma Hayek to the world .
37 . Boogie Nights , 1997
Premise : A nightclub dishwasher becomes a popular porn star and slowly descends into a nightmare of drug abuse .
Director : Paul Thomas Anderson
Stars : Mark Wahlberg , Burt Reynolds , Julianne Moore
What you ’ll Remember : Rollergirl ( not Dirk Diggler ’s junk )
Reasons it is on the List : Burt Reynolds as a porn kingpin ?
Women posing as porn stars ?
This has winner written all over it .
It ’s not just some excuse for showing pretty women either , it ’s actually a well written and directed film .
And there ’s plenty of sex , drugs , and disco to go around .
36 . American History X , 1998
Premise : A Neo -Nazi racist returns from prison and is expected by his friends to pick up his old life , only to find out that prison changed him .
Director : Tony Kaye
Stars : Edward Norton , Edward Furlong , Beverly D’Angelo
What you ’ll Remember : Someone biting a curb .
Reasons it is on the List : A fairly straight forward drama , it relies on a powerful story and the fact that Edward Norton delivers a staggering performance .
It deals with gang life , violence , prison , and crime .
35 . Unforgiven , 1990
P remise :
An aging and retired gunslinger takes on one more job years after he hung up his guns .
Director : Clint Eastwood
Stars : Clint Eastwood , Gene Hackman , Morgan Freeman
What you ’ll Remember : Hackman ’s Little Bill Daggett .
Reasons it is on the List :
It ’s got Clint Eastwood and it ’s a great Western .
That should be enough .
Also , Eastwood and Hackman beat the hell out of each other , a few dudes get shotgunned to death , and it has the Academy stamp of approval as Best Picture .
34 . Boondock Saints , 1999
Premise : Two Catholic Irish - American fraternal twins become vigilantes , set out to rid their home city of crime and evil .
Director : Troy Duffy
Stars : Willem Dafoe , Sean Patrick Flanery , Norman Reedus
What you ’ll Remember : Willem Dafoe ’s late movie wardrobe .
Reasons it is on the List : A violent crime drama , it goes over the top with gratuitously brutal violence , but it works as an action film .
It also sprinkles in an occasional chuckle to lighten the mood .
Released in 1999 overseas , this movie saw only a minor release in the United States .
In fact , the story behind the making of the film is as interesting as the film itself .
The documentary Overnight outlines the account about the movie and its writer / director Troy Duffy .
33 . Kingpin , 1996
Premise : A disgraced former pro bowler with one hand tries to coach an Amish man to win a prestigious bowling championship .
Director : Bobby and Peter Farrelly
Stars : Woody Harrelson , Randy Quaid , Vanessa Angel , Bill Murray
What you ’ll Remember : I did n’t want to be “ Munsoned ” out in the middle of nowhere .
Reasons it is on the List : Maybe it ’s just me , but I enjoy this Farrelly brothers gross out comedy more than their more mainstream hits such as Dumb and Dumber and There ’s Something About Mary .
Plus , this one features comic idol Bill Murray .
32 . The Fifth Element , 1997
Premise : A taxicab driver and former Special Forces member is enlisted to stop a dark planet from destroying earth .
Director : Luc Besson
Stars : Bruce Willis , Gary Oldman , Milla Jovovich
What you ’ll Remember : The Fifth Element ’s wardrobe .
Reasons it is on the List : Ignoring Chris Tucker ’s annoying character , it ’s a pretty action - packed movie , with a small touch of comedy and one scantily clad woman .
Also , you ’ll find flying cars , spaceships that go at the speed of light , weird creatures , and ugly aliens among the things that are present during this film .
31 . The Hunt for Red October , 1990
Premise : A Lithuanian captain of a ballistic missile submarine equipped with a revolutionary silent propulsion heads toward the United States with questionable intentions .
Director : John McTiernan
Stars : Sean Connery , Alec Baldwin , Scott Glenn
What you ’ll Remember : One Ping Only .
Reasons it is on the List :
The first and best of the Jack Ryan movie franchise , it ’s simply a great story .
Plus there are Russians involved and exploding submarines , always a good combo .
While it ’s not an all out action thrill ride , it balances intensity and drama effectively .
30 . Rounders , 1998
Premise : A law student and former poker hot shot meets an old friend who took the fall for him and went to prison years earlier .
The friend pulls him back into the poker world , much to his girlfriend ’s chagrin .
Director : John Dahl
Stars : Matt Damon , Edward Norton , John Turturro
What you ’ll Remember : Teddy KGB .
Reasons it is on the List :
It ’s a great non -dumbed down poker movie , and what guy does n’t love poker ?
Maybe a little before its time , as poker has really surged in popularity this decade .
Plus it features roles for nice looking ladies Gretchen Mol and Famke Janssen .
I ’d bet three stacks of high society on this film .
29 . Ronin , 1998
Premise : An Irish woman gathers five men and briefs them on a mission to steal a briefcase .
Director : John Frankenheimer
Stars : Robert De Niro , Jean Reno , Natascha McElhone , Stellan Skarsgård
What you ’ll Remember :
An amazing car chase .
Reasons it is on the List : Beyond some great action sequences , it ’s a compelling story of theft and who ’s on whose side .
It ’s not a flashy action movie , but instead a gritty deadly serious flick .
It ’s really more of a throwback with its 70s style and European locations .
28 . Trainspotting , 1996
Premise : A young British man decides to forego heroin and get beyond his life of mischief .
Director : Danny Boyle
Stars : Ewan McGregor , Jonny Lee Miller , Robert Carlyle
What you ’ll Remember :
An unfortunate bedroom accident by Ewen Bremner .
Reasons it is on the List : A great dark comedy , it juggles parallel character strands and juxtaposes image to fabulous music .
Although brilliant in its execution , the movie can be both hilarious and uncomfortable at times , with some truly disturbing scenes .
27 . Out of Sight , 1998
Premise : A long time bank thief breaks out of prison , only to befriend a federal agent .
Director : Steven Soderbergh
Stars : George Clooney , Jennifer Lopez , Ving Rhames , Don Cheadle
What you ’ll Remember :
The trunk scene .
Reasons it is on the List :
The impossibly cool George Clooney and the in her prime J - Lo combine for a cool , fun mix .
It ’s also a great heist story , although some of the criminals involved are n’t the sharpest tools in the shed .
The novel and movie later inspired the TV show , Karen Sisco .
26 . Dazed and Confused , 1993
Premise : A group of students in the mid 70s have various adventures on the last day of school .
Director : Richard Linklater
Stars : Jason London , Rory Cochrane , Wiley Wiggins
What you ’ll Remember :
That ’s what I love about these high school girls , man .
I get older , they stay the same age .
Reasons it is on the List :
The large ensemble cast is star - studded , and the movie is a great comedic look at high school and its various experiences .
A pretty spot on recreation of 70s life , it has good looking women , drinking , drugs , partying , and hazing .
Premise : A young girl befriends a hitman after her family is murdered by crooked cops .
Director : Luc Besson
Stars : Jean Reno , Gary Oldman , Natalie Portman
What you ’ll Remember : Natalie Portman
Reasons it is on the List :
The extremely versatile Gary Oldman ( he ’ll play a pimp on the next movie in this list ) is the bad guy here , wreaking havoc as a drug crazed crooked cop .
You get to see Natalie Portman train to be a hitman , or cleaner , and you get to see Jean Reno blow things up and shoot people .
It ’s an action movie with heart .
24 . True Romance , 1993
Premise :
An unconventional love story , the plot revolves around drugs and violence and a man who meets a girl on his birthday .
Director : Tony Scott
Stars : Christian Slater , Patricia Arquette , Dennis Hopper
What you ’ll Remember : Elvis .
Reasons it is on the List : This is a Quentin Tarantino movie that is not a Quentin Tarantino film .
Written by Tarantino but sold away , it ’s a twisted romance where a guy falls in love with a hooker at a Sonny Chiba triple feature .
It soon has pimps , cocaine , gun fights , and Brad Pitt with a honey bear bong .
Is that not enough ?
Well it ’s also got Elvis .
23 . Dark City , 1998
Premise : A man wakes in a hotel room with no memory , and tries to figure out why the police think he is serial killer and what is wrong with the world at large .
Director : Alex Proyas
Stars : Rufus Sewell , William Hurt , Kiefer Sutherland , Jennifer Connelly
What you ’ll Remember : The Strangers
Reasons it is on the List : A visually stunning film and an under - appreciated gem , this sci - fi thriller is well written and features the beautiful Jennifer Connelly .
It ’s got the same basic concept as The Matrix , but done in a completely different manner .
The atmosphere of the movie is fantastic with its dark scenery and creepy strangers .
22 . Clerks , 1995
Premise : A convenience store clerk gets called in to work on his day off and bemoans his situation .
Director : Kevin Smith
Stars : Brian O’Halloran , Jeff Anderson , Marilyn Ghigliotti
What you ’ll Remember : Jay and Silent Bob .
Reasons it is on the List : 37 !
A movie that cost only $ 27,575 to make and used no name actors , it relies entirely on intensely clever dialogue .
Fortunately it works .
Kevin Smith built a career on this movie and its various characters , most importantly Jay and Silent Bob .
This low budget flick would spawn a sequel , an animated series , and a number of spin - off movies .
21 . Swingers , 1995
Premise : A story about the lives of single , unemployed actors living on the East side of Hollywood .
Director : Jon Favreau
Stars : Jon Favreau , Vince Vaughn , Ron Livingston , Heather Graham
What you ’ll Remember : Vegas baby !
Vegas !
Reasons it is on the List : Relationships from the male point of view , it also has a young Vince Vaughn before he became mainstream , and on the female side Heather Graham .
Plus , any movie that can make Wayne Gretzky ’s head bleed is okay in my book .
This comedy is so money , and it does n’t even know it .
20 . 12 Monkeys , 1995
Premise : A convicted criminal living in a grim post - apocalyptic future is sent back in time to try and stop a deadly virus .
Director : Terry Gilliam
Stars : Bruce Willis , Madeleine Stowe , Brad Pitt
What you ’ll Remember : Animals in the streets of Philadelphia .
Reasons it is on the List : Guys generally like science fiction , and this is a perfect piece , dealing with the themes of madness and sanity , combined with a great story and good performances .
From the wild mind of Monty Python ‘s Terry Gilliam , this twisted tale actually is fairly mainstream for his tastes .
Premise :
Four long - time friends lose a large sum of money to a local gangster in a crooked card game and have a few days to come up with money .
Director : Guy Ritchie
Stars : Jason Flemyng , Dexter Fletcher , Nick Moran , Jason Statham
What you ’ll Remember : Ass Tickler ’s Faggots Fan Club .
Reasons it is on the List : Ritchie comes across as a British poor man ’s Quentin Tarantino , finding his niche with crime thrillers that contain a fair amount of comedy .
This movie helped launch the careers of Jason Statham and Vinnie Jones , and remains very quotable .
Just do n’t be thrown off by the thick British accents .
18 . The Big Lebowski , 1998
Premise :
An unemployed slacker and avid bowler is mistaken for a multi-millionaire who has the same name , and gets caught up in a million - dollar ransom scheme .
Director : Joel Coen
Stars : Jeff Bridges , John Goodman , Steve Buscemi , Julianne Moore
What you ’ll Remember : The Dude .
Reasons it is on the List :
This comedy has it all : idiosyncratic characters , surreal dream sequences , unconventional dialogue , and an eclectic soundtrack .
And it has The Dude .
The Coen brothers do n’t really go wrong , but this is where they went really right .
And it has bowling !
17 . The Rock , 1996
Premise : A disenfranchised Brigadier General holds hostages and VX rockets on Alcatraz to try and get the U.S. government to pay due compensation to the families of marines killed in covert action .
Director : Michael Bay
Stars : Sean Connery , Nicolas Cage , Ed Harris
What you ’ll Remember :
The car chase through San Francisco .
Reasons it is on the List : Although hated by many , Bay remains a go - to director for making money on action films with his quick cut style .
The Rock remains his best effort , even Bay haters will usually like it , combining action , adventure , comedy , Vanessa Marcil , and special effects with a great plot .
16 . Seven , 1995
Premise : Also marketed as Se7en , two detectives try to stop a serial killer before he finishes his work on the seven deadly sins .
Director : David Fincher
Stars : Morgan Freeman , Brad Pitt , Gwyneth Paltrow , Kevin Spacey
What you ’ll Remember :
The ending .
Reasons it is on the List : A great crime thriller , it ’s one of the most complex and disturbing entries in the serial killer genre .
There ’s not a lot of action , but their is a fair amount of gruesomeness from the murders .
The appeal is from the story and how the entire plan plays out .
Premise :
The story about a group of Los Angeles police in the 1950s , dealing with corruption and organized crime .
Director : Curtis Hanson
Stars : Guy Pearce , James Cromwell , Kevin Spacey , Russell Crowe
What you ’ll Remember : Kim Basinger ’s Veronica Lake lookalike .
Reasons it is on the List : A perfectly crafted old - school noir thriller , it features great performances , a tad of violence , and hookers cut like movie stars .
I give respect to Titanic , which is an achievement in film - making and a Cameron movie , but this should have won Best Picture in 1997 .
14 . GoldenEye , 1995
Premise :
The seventeenth film in the James Bond series , and the first to star Pierce Brosnan as the fictional MI6 agent James Bond .
This time the bad guys are using a EMP to wipe out computer records and destroy nations electronically .
Director : Martin Campbell
Stars : Pierce Brosnan , Sean Bean , Izabella Scorupco , Famke Janssen
What you ’ll Remember : the N64 game that accompanied the movie .
Reasons it is on the List : It ’s Bond .
Is n’t that enough ?
So you know it has awesome cars , sexy woman , great action , and some pithy comebacks and glib remarks .
Well not so much on the last one as 006 can attest to .
Still , it relaunched the franchise after six years of legal hiatus , and it ’s one of the best films in the series .
Yeah , Casino Royale was better , but this is still near the top of the list for Bond films .
13 . Reservoir Dogs , 1992
Premise :
The story before and after a botched jewel heist by a group of assembled criminals with Clue - like names .
Director : Quentin Tarantino
Stars : Harvey Keitel , Steve Buscemi , Tim Roth
What you ’ll Remember :
The ear scene .
Reasons it is on the List :
It ’s remembered for the violence and mutilation , but it ’s the classic dialogue from the Like a Virgin discussion to the Mr. Pink name assignment that keeps me coming back .
And I like the little touches , like the fact there ’s a box of Fruit Brute clearly visible on screen .
Someone remembers Fruit Brute ?
Awesome .
12 . Office Space , 1999
Premise :
An IT worker at a typical faceless software company becomes disenfranchised with his job .
Director : Mike Judge
Stars : Ron Livingston , Jennifer Aniston , David Herman
What you ’ll Remember : A red Swingline stapler .
Reasons it is on the List : A spot on commentary of the corporate workplace and cubical life , it ’s something that most office workers can relate to , whether through moving cubicles or wanting to destroy the office machinery .
And its extremely hilarious , just ask me about my TPS reports .
11 . Goodfellas , 1990
Premise : Based on the true story of a Henry Hill , a young aspiring gangster who joins the Mob .
Director : Martin Scorsese
Stars : Ray Liotta , Robert De Niro , Joe Pesci
What you ’ll Remember :
What do you mean I ’m funny ?
Reasons it is on the List : Arguably Scorsese ’s greatest work , it shows the inner workings of the mafia , much like the Sopranos tried to tackle years later .
It ’s so good , it ’s in the Godfather ‘s ballpark for mob stories .
And it has that great tracking shot entering the Copa .
Oh ?
And it once broke the record for most occurrences of the ‘ f - word ’ in a movie .
10 . Braveheart , 1995
Premise :
The story of a legendary Scot named William Wallace , who opposed Edward I of England .
Director : Mel Gibson
Stars : Mel Gibson , Sophie Marceau , Catherine McCormack
What you ’ll Remember :
But they ’ll never take …
OUR FREEDOM .
Reasons it is on the List : Back when people did n’t think of Mel Gibson as crazy , this war - drama is well made , well - acted , and has some incredible battle scenes that are gory , vicious , and real .
Who does n’t want to see people battle with swords , axes , and arrows ?
The themes of honor , bravery , and loyalty among others also appeal to many men .
9. Hard Boiled , 1992
Premise : A pair of cops team together to take down a dangerous Hong Kong Triad .
Director : John Woo
Stars : Chow Yun -Fat and Tony Leung
What you ’ll Remember :
The hospital shootout .
Reasons it is on the List : John
Woo is simply one of the best action directors around , and this is his best work of the 1990s ( although not his best work overall , it may be his best pure action film ) , better than his Hollywood fare like Face / Off or Broken Arrow .
The man brought style to action , making Chow Yun Fat an action star .
Here , he usually can be seen toothpick in mouth , a gun in each hand , and involved in a stylized gunfight .
8. Saving Private Ryan , 1998
Premise : A group of soldiers is assembled to retrieve Private First Class James Francis Ryan after his brothers are killed in action .
Director : Steven Spielberg
Stars : Tom Hanks , Edward Burns , Tom Sizemore , Matt Damon
What you ’ll Remember : The D - Day assault on Omaha Beach .
Reasons it is on the List :
The bookend present day scenes are a bit sappy , but the main portion of the film is an amazing re-creation of World War II .
You see ordinary people thrown into extraordinary circumstances and an ongoing “ war is hell ” theme , all done in such a way you almost feel like you were there instead of watching a film .
P remise : A killer robot is sent from the future to kill the future leader of the human resistance in a humans vs. robots war .
Director : James Cameron
Stars : Arnold Schwarzenegger , Linda Hamilton , Edward Furlong
What you ’ll Remember :
The liquid metal T - 1000 .
Reasons it is on the List : Back when James Cameron actually made movies ( do n’t make me wait a dozen years for your next film please ) , it ’s the best installment of an action - packed exciting franchise .
The original was made on a shoe - string budget , but its success allowed this big budget sequel .
And with the extra money Cameron went wild , there are tons of crashes , gunshots , and explosions all over the place .
Lesson : two terminators are better than one .
The movie was also groundbreaking with its special effects , winning an Academy award .
For a seriously in - depth time travel analysis of the Terminator series , check this site out .
6. Heat , 1995
Premise : A group of professional criminals decide to rob a bank .
Director : Michael Mann
Stars : Al Pacino , Robert De Niro , Tom Sizemore
What you ’ll Remember :
The bank shootout scene .
Reasons it is on the List :
You came for the De Niro - Pacino scenes , but you stayed for the amazing screenplay and execution .
A simple cops vs. robbers plot , the movie is an epic with its fascinating storyline and involving characters overseen by a great director .
Plus there ’s a plethora of recognizable faces , even Natalie Portman and Ashley Judd have bit parts .
5 . The Usual Suspects , 1995
Premise : Police interrogate a small time con-man to determine why a ship has burned and bodies litter the water by the docks .
Director : Bryan Singer
Stars : Gabriel Byrne , Chazz Palminteri , Kevin Spacey
What you ’ll Remember : Keyser Söze .
Reasons it is on the List :
It starts with a seemingly random police lineup and ends with one of better endings in recent cinema .
In between is an ever increasing twisted and convoluted story that ’s full of comedy , action , suspense , and surprise .
And to top it off , it ’s well acted .
4. The Shawshank Redemption , 1994
Premise : A man is imprisoned for a crime he did n’t commit and copes with prison life .
Director : Frank Darabont
Stars : Tim Robbins and Morgan Freeman
What you ’ll Remember : The Ending .
Reasons it is on the List :
One of the best films ever made , it does n’t have the typical aspects of a guy movie .
There ’s no action and no special effects .
Woman are pretty much non-existent in this picture , although there ’s a Rita Hayworth poster for scenery .
What it does have is a brilliant story that ’s superbly acted .
And afterwards , you ’re glad you watched it .
3. Pulp Fiction , 1994
Premise : A series of intersecting story lines about Los Angeles mobsters , fringe players , petty thieves , and a mysterious briefcase .
Director : Quentin Tarantino
Stars : John Travolta , Samuel L. Jackson , Uma Thurman
What you ’ll Remember : Jules Winnfield .
Reasons it is on the List : Simply an all - time great movie , even for those not into violence , language and adult themes ( which are aplenty here ) .
It ’s best aspect is a witty screenplay , but it combines with a solid soundtrack to form a host of memorable characters that have influenced movies and pop culture .
Tarantino is doing something right , this is his fourth movie he ’s helped write on this list .
2. The Matrix , 1999
Premise : A computer programmer comes to the realization that he ’s merely living in a simulated world as a battery for robots .
Director : Andy and Larry Wachowski
Stars : Keanu Reeves , Laurence Fishburne , Carrie Anne-Moss
What you ’ll Remember : Bullet time .
Reasons it is on the List :
The story is used throughout guy movies , man vs. robot .
It ’s a good premise and it ’s done well here , and in unique fashion .
Some may feel the sequels hurt the status of the original , but I disagree ( and I also liked Reloaded ) .
The lobby scene alone is spectacular , and it upped the ante for cinematic fight scenes as a whole .
Extensive gun play and a leather outfit on Carrie Anne - Moss are a bonus .
1. Fight Club , 1999
Premise :
An insurance company employee encounters a man on a plane named Tyler Durden , who opens his eyes to the world and changes his life forever .
Director : David Fincher
Stars : Edward Norton , Brad Pitt , Helena Bonham Carter
What you ’ll Remember :
The first rule of Fight Club is – you do not talk about Fight Club .
Reasons it is on the List :
This movie has it all : fighting , women , violence , Meatloaf and his man-tits , a fake Ikea knock - off , subtle bits of humor , strong performances by the stars , and one of the great cinema characters of all time in Tyler Durden .
Plus as the poster states , there ’s also soap !
READER COMMENTS ON
" The End of Posse Comitatus : 20,000 U.S. Troops to be Deployed at Home "
( 18 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 12/1/2008 @ 6:10 pm PT ...
Whatever happens , they 've learned they can rely on little more than hot air from the disgruntled citizenry , and whenever we truly seem to be getting steamed , they hold another hearing or take another vote with some cosmetic changes and everything 's jake .
I do think they 're going to leave , though , because there seem to be perfectly competent , and much better actors , fascists ready to step in .
* needs a rest really badly and there 's only so long they can keep Fudd upright ....
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... marcellus said on 12/1/2008 @ 11:24 pm PT ...
So the emperor brings back his legions fearing civil unrest while the change from the republic to empire takes place .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 12/2/2008 @ 1:07 am PT ...
What 's with the " possibly undermine the Posse Comitatus Act " ???
It 's been done for over 2 years now .
Look it up .
October 17th 2006 , the John Warner Defense Authorization Act .
http://www.sott.net/sign...ovesTowardMartialLaw.php
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Not Surprised said on 12/2/2008 @ 6:45 am PT ...
I 'm not sure where Jill has been getting her information , but had she actually known anyone in the black helicopter / tin foil hat crowd , she would know that this subject has been on the front burner for at least four years , if not more .
Just because she is just now waking up to it herself does not mean she should belittle the people who have been fighting it long before her .
But at least she 's waking up ...
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 12/2/2008 @ 7:23 am PT ...
OT , Take a little water and sodium or whatever and poof !
an energy source .
Things you 're not supposed to know says big energy
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... oneguy said on 12/2/2008 @ 7:31 am PT ...
Not that it really matters but ..
In late July on a nice day , on a nice mountain drive , my wife and I witnessed something very strange .
At the train tunnel pass called Moffett Tunnel , which essentially connects Denver to the winter park area accross the continental divide , we saw a train going west bound into the mountains .
What struck us as odd was a few minutes before we saw the train the local sheriff was speeding like a bat out of hell towards the tunnel .
Mind you this is in a 25 mph zone around 9 - 10,000 ft on a dirt mountain road .
The train as it approached had several , at least 10 , flat open cars that held numerous small tanks .
Or atleast they looked like tanks , they had tread but they were small , the size of a compact car .
From looking them up latter they turned out to be some of those unmanned remote control tanks .
You know the kind for urban warfare .
I assumed they were for the dnc in denver but you never know .
At the very least these tanks are probably still positioned just outside of denver , hidden in the mountains .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 12/2/2008 @ 5:05 pm PT ...
Main thing to remember is that we were NOT " attacked by terrorist " on 9/11 .
We were attacked by a small faction of the US government consisting of many members of the PNAC , Black water and a few other rotten eggs scattered throughout the Government .
This administration has basically been using Hitlers playbook page by page .
9/11 was our Reichstag , the Patriot act was our Enabling act and so on .
Until a minimum of 75 % of this country wake up and demand that 9/11 be investigated and that the results of that investigation are talked about endlessly until everybody in this country finally understands what really happened then NOTHING is ever going to change .
9/11 is the key .
and BTW when the so called " black helicopter & tin foil hat crowd " are ultimately found out to be absolutely correct then its really those that have denied and chastised them endlessly that are the ones wearing the tin foil hats for flatly denying and refusing to listening to what 9/11 truth people have been shouting from the rooftops for at least 7 + years now .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 12/2/2008 @ 5:21 pm PT ...
Hey FUCK THAT SHIT , its my 50th and I 'm meditating on HEALTH , HAPPINESS , and PEACE !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 12/2/2008 @ 5:32 pm PT ...
I call it peace day .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 12/2/2008 @ 5:35 pm PT ...
Two fingers ya know .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 12/2/2008 @ 5:38 pm PT ...
Yer only 50 , and callin ' yerseff " Ancient " ?
Pfeh !
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 12/2/2008 @ 5:53 pm PT ...
Oh yeah and Kieffy , guess who owns amway ( your advertiser ) ... the prince family ... blackwater anyone ?
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 12/2/2008 @ 5:55 pm PT ...
Hey 99 , old before my time .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 12/2/2008 @ 6:08 pm PT ...
Oh yeah and since its my birthday , FUCK THAT GEORGA COUNT WITH THEIR UNVERIFIABLE MACHINES !
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 12/2/2008 @ 6:12 pm PT ...
I voted for Cynthia , thank you very much ,
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 12/2/2008 @ 6:56 pm PT ...
... I noticed my punc tuation was wrong , so here ....
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... JEP said on 12/3/2008 @ 5:56 am PT ...
The Cosmic Calendar of Political
Time seems to have slowed to a crawl , as we await this historic transfer of power .
What a remarkable place we now stand upon in the timeline of history , this long moment of suspended time between shifting powers .
It could seem a bit grim to some of us .
George W. Frodo stands staring into the burning abyss , holding the unilateral ring of power that was forged by those no -bid , book - cooking neocon military / industrial / congressional CEO 's all around him who stole him the throne .
Will he drop it once and for all into the memory - challenging magma of history ?
Or will he grasp it greedily , in a desperate ploy to hold on just that much longer ?
How else are we to read the signs like this troop deployment we see ?
But then , the power of so few ( 20,000 ) against so many , ( 300 million ) gives pause to ponder if we are n't over - speculating .
Just how do they intend to pry us up from our weekend lazy - boys , away from our big - screens and uplinks , and compel us into forced labor ?
Doing what ?
Making beer for the ones who do n't get arrested ?
Who 's going to be left to watch Monday Night Football ?
Seriously , I think the billionaires recently learned that it 's not nice to mess with the middle class .
Watch , wait a bit , and you 'll see , the wages and liesure time of the most prolific consumer class in history are about to increase .
It is the new law of international commerce , the American middle class must be enabled , to fuel a growth economy , which Wall Street requires for it 's own erratic perpetuity .
But their old economic models do n't fit , the pendulum has swung to demand - side commerce .
That will prove to be the power behind free - enterprise , competition - based commerce , creating an economy with an awareness of environmental effects that corporate monopolists have ignored .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 12/3/2008 @ 11:57 am PT ...
Today 's post is a tad gloomier than usual , as I measure such things .
It deals with a thought experiment I invented to smash my own optimism , after I realized that optimism had misled me .
Those readers sympathetic to arguments like , " It 's important to keep our biases because they help us stay happy , " should consider not reading .
( Unless they have something to protect , including their own life . )
So !
Looking back on the magnitude of my own folly , I realized that at the root of it had been a disbelief in the Future 's vulnerability — a reluctance to accept that things could really turn out wrong .
Not as the result of any explicit propositional verbal belief .
More like something inside that persisted in believing , even in the face of adversity , that everything would be all right in the end .
Some would account this a virtue ( zettai daijobu da yo ) , and others would say that it 's a thing necessary for mental health .
But we do n't live in that world .
We live in the world beyond the reach of God .
It 's been a long , long time since I believed in God.
Growing up in an Orthodox Jewish family , I can recall the last remembered time I asked God for something , though I do n't remember how old I was .
I was putting in some request on behalf of the next - door - neighboring boy , I forget what exactly — something along the lines of , " I hope things turn out all right for him , " or maybe " I hope he becomes Jewish . "
I remember what it was like to have some higher authority to appeal to , to take care of things I could n't handle myself .
I did n't think of it as " warm " , because I had no alternative to compare it to .
I just took it for granted .
Still I recall , though only from distant childhood , what it 's like to live in the conceptually impossible possible world where God exists .
Really exists , in the way that children and rationalists take all their beliefs at face value .
In the world where God exists , does God intervene to optimize everything ?
Regardless of what rabbis assert about the fundamental nature of reality , the take - it - seriously operational answer to this question is obviously " No " .
You ca n't ask God to bring you a lemonade from the refrigerator instead of getting one yourself .
When I believed in God after the serious fashion of a child , so very long ago , I did n't believe that .
Postulating that particular divine inaction does n't provoke a full - blown theological crisis .
If you said to me , " I have constructed a benevolent superintelligent nanotech - user " , and I said " Give me a banana , " and no banana appeared , this would not yet disprove your statement .
Human parents do n't always do everything their children ask .
There are some decent fun-theoretic arguments — I even believe them myself — against the idea that the best kind of help you can offer someone , is to always immediately give them everything they want .
I do n't think that eudaimonia is formulating goals and having them instantly fulfilled ; I do n't want to become a simple wanting - thing that never has to plan or act or think .
So it 's not necessarily an attempt to avoid falsification , to say that God does not grant all prayers .
Even a Friendly AI might not respond to every request .
But clearly , there exists some threshold of horror awful enough that God will intervene .
I remember that being true , when I believed after the fashion of a child .
The God who does not intervene at all , no matter how bad things get — that 's an obvious attempt to avoid falsification , to protect a belief - in - belief .
Sufficiently young children do n't have the deep - down knowledge that God does n't really exist .
They really expect to see a dragon in their garage .
They have no reason to imagine a loving God who never acts .
Where exactly is the boundary of sufficient awfulness ?
Even a child can imagine arguing over the precise threshold .
But of course God will draw the line somewhere .
Few indeed are the loving parents who , desiring their child to grow up strong and self - reliant , would let their toddler be run over by a car .
The obvious example of a horror so great that God cannot tolerate it , is death — true death , mind - annihilation .
I do n't think that even Buddhism allows that .
So long as there is a God in the classic sense — full - blown , ontologically fundamental , the God — we can rest assured that no sufficiently awful event will ever , ever happen .
There is no soul anywhere that need fear true annihilation ;
God will prevent it .
What if you build your own simulated universe ?
The classic example of a simulated universe is Conway 's Game of Life .
I do urge you to investigate Life if you 've never played it — it 's important for comprehending the notion of " physical law " .
Conway 's Life has been proven Turing - complete , so it would be possible to build a sentient being in the Life universe , albeit it might be rather fragile and awkward .
Other cellular automata would make it simpler .
Could you , by creating a simulated universe , escape the reach of God ?
Could you simulate a Game of Life containing sentient entities , and torture the beings therein ?
But if God is watching everywhere , then trying to build an unfair Life just results in the God stepping in to modify your computer 's transistors .
If the physics you set up in your computer program calls for a sentient Life - entity to be endlessly tortured for no particular reason , the God will intervene .
God being omnipresent , there is no refuge anywhere for true horror : Life is fair .
But suppose that instead you ask the question :
Given such - and - such initial conditions , and given such - and - such cellular automaton rules , what would be the mathematical result ?
Not even God can modify the answer to this question , unless you believe that God can implement logical impossibilities .
Even as a very young child , I do n't remember believing that .
( And why would you need to believe it , if God can modify anything that actually exists ? )
What does Life look like , in this imaginary world where every step follows only from its immediate predecessor ?
Where things only ever happen , or do n't happen , because of the cellular automaton rules ?
Where the initial conditions and rules do n't describe any God that checks over each state ?
What does it look like , the world beyond the reach of God ?
That world would n't be fair .
If the initial state contained the seeds of something that could self - replicate , natural selection might or might not take place , and complex life might or might not evolve , and that life might or might not become sentient , with no God to guide the evolution .
That world might evolve the equivalent of conscious cows , or conscious dolphins , that lacked hands to improve their condition ; maybe they would be eaten by conscious wolves who never thought that they were doing wrong , or cared .
If in a vast plethora of worlds , something like humans evolved , then they would suffer from diseases — not to teach them any lessons , but only because viruses happened to evolve as well , under the cellular automaton rules .
If the people of that world are happy , or unhappy , the causes of their happiness or unhappiness may have nothing to do with good or bad choices they made .
Nothing to do with free will or lessons learned .
In the what - if world where every step follows only from the cellular automaton rules , the equivalent of Genghis Khan can murder a million people , and laugh , and be rich , and never be punished , and live his life much happier than the average .
Who prevents it ?
God would prevent it from ever actually happening , of course ;
He would at the very least visit some shade of gloom in the Khan 's heart .
But in the mathematical answer to the question
What if ?
there is no God in the axioms .
So if the cellular automaton rules say that the Khan is happy , that , simply , is the whole and only answer to the what - if question .
There is nothing , absolutely nothing , to prevent it .
And if the Khan tortures people horribly to death over the course of days , for his own amusement perhaps ?
They will call out for help , perhaps imagining a God .
And if you really wrote that cellular automaton , God would intervene in your program , of course .
But in the what - if question , what the cellular automaton would do under the mathematical rules , there is n't any God in the system .
Since the physical laws contain no specification of a utility function — in particular , no prohibition against torture — then the victims will be saved only if the right cells happen to be 0 or 1 .
And it 's not likely that anyone will defy the Khan ; if they did , someone would strike them with a sword , and the sword would disrupt their organs and they would die , and that would be the end of that .
So the victims die , screaming , and no one helps them ; that is the answer to the what - if question .
Could the victims be completely innocent ?
Why not , in the what - if world ?
If you look at the rules for Conway 's Game of Life ( which is Turing - complete , so we can embed arbitrary computable physics in there ) , then the rules are really very simple .
Cells with three living neighbors stay alive ; cells with two neighbors stay the same , all other cells die .
There is n't anything in there about only innocent people not being horribly tortured for indefinite periods .
Is this world starting to sound familiar ?
Belief in a fair universe often manifests in more subtle ways than thinking that horrors should be outright prohibited :
Would the twentieth century have gone differently , if Klara Pölzl and Alois Hitler had made love one hour earlier , and a different sperm fertilized the egg , on the night that Adolf Hitler was conceived ?
For so many lives and so much loss to turn on a single event , seems disproportionate .
The Divine Plan ought to make more sense than that .
You can believe in a Divine Plan without believing in God — Karl Marx surely did .
You should n't have millions of lives depending on a casual choice , an hour 's timing , the speed of a microscopic flagellum .
It ought not to be allowed .
It 's too disproportionate .
Therefore , if Adolf Hitler had been able to go to high school and become an architect , there would have been someone else to take his role , and World War II would have happened the same as before .
But in the world beyond the reach of God , there is n't any clause in the physical axioms which says " things have to make sense " or " big effects need big causes " or " history runs on reasons too important to be so fragile " .
There is no God to impose that order , which is so severely violated by having the lives and deaths of millions depend on one small molecular event .
The point of the thought experiment is to lay out the God-universe and the Nature - universe side by side , so that we can recognize what kind of thinking belongs to the God-universe .
Many who are atheists , still think as if certain things are not allowed .
They would lay out arguments for why World War II was inevitable and would have happened in more or less the same way , even if Hitler had become an architect .
But in sober historical fact , this is an unreasonable belief ; I chose the example of World War II because from my reading , it seems that events were mostly driven by Hitler 's personality , often in defiance of his generals and advisors .
There is no particular empirical justification that I happen to have heard of , for doubting this .
The main reason to doubt would be refusal to accept that the universe could make so little sense — that horrible things could happen so lightly , for no more reason than a roll of the dice .
But why not ?
What prohibits it ?
In the God-universe , God prohibits it .
To recognize this is to recognize that we do n't live in that universe .
We live in the what - if universe beyond the reach of God , driven by the mathematical laws and nothing else .
Whatever physics says will happen , will happen .
Absolutely anything , good or bad , will happen .
And there is nothing in the laws of physics to lift this rule even for the really extreme cases , where you might expect Nature to be a little more reasonable .
Reading William Shirer 's The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich , listening to him describe the disbelief that he and others felt upon discovering the full scope of Nazi atrocities , I thought of what a strange thing it was , to read all that , and know , already , that there was n't a single protection against it .
To just read through the whole book and accept it ; horrified , but not at all disbelieving , because I 'd already understood what kind of world I lived in .
Once upon a time , I believed that the extinction of humanity was not allowed .
And others who call themselves rationalists , may yet have things they trust .
They might be called " positive - sum games " , or " democracy " , or " technology " , but they are sacred .
The mark of this sacredness is that the trustworthy thing can't lead to anything really bad ; or they can't be permanently defaced , at least not without a compensatory silver lining .
In that sense they can be trusted , even if a few bad things happen here and there .
The unfolding history of Earth can't ever turn from its positive - sum trend to a negative - sum trend ; that is not allowed .
Democracies — modern liberal democracies , anyway — wo n't ever legalize torture .
Technology has done so much good up until now , that there can't possibly be a Black Swan technology that breaks the trend and does more harm than all the good up until this point .
There are all sorts of clever arguments why such things can't possibly happen .
But the source of these arguments is a much deeper belief that such things are not allowed .
Yet who prohibits ?
Who prevents it from happening ?
If you can't visualize at least one lawful universe where physics say that such dreadful things happen — and so they do happen , there being nowhere to appeal the verdict — then you are n't yet ready to argue probabilities .
Could it really be that sentient beings have died absolutely for thousands or millions of years , with no soul and no afterlife — and not as part of any grand plan of Nature — not to teach any great lesson about the meaningfulness or meaninglessness of life — not even to teach any profound lesson about what is impossible — so that a trick as simple and stupid - sounding as vitrifying people in liquid nitrogen can save them from total annihilation — and a 10 - second rejection of the silly idea can destroy someone 's soul ?
Can it be that a computer programmer who signs a few papers and buys a life - insurance policy continues into the far future , while Einstein rots in a grave ?
We can be sure of one thing : God would n't allow it .
Anything that ridiculous and disproportionate would be ruled out .
It would make a mockery of the Divine Plan — a mockery of the strong reasons why things must be the way they are .
You can have secular rationalizations for things being not allowed .
So it helps to imagine that there is a God , benevolent as you understand goodness — a
God who enforces throughout Reality a minimum of fairness and justice — whose plans make sense and depend proportionally on people 's choices — who will never permit absolute horror — who does not always intervene , but who at least prohibits universes wrenched completely off their track ... to imagine all this , but also imagine that you , yourself , live in a what - if world of pure mathematics — a world beyond the reach of God , an utterly unprotected world where anything at all can happen .
If there 's any reader still reading this , who thinks that being happy counts for more than anything in life , then maybe they should n't spend much time pondering the unprotectedness of their existence .
Maybe think of it just long enough to sign up themselves and their family for cryonics , and / or write a check to an existential - risk - mitigation agency now and then .
And wear a seatbelt and get health insurance and all those other dreary necessary things that can destroy your life if you miss that one step ... but aside from that , if you want to be happy , meditating on the fragility of life is n't going to help .
But this post was written for those who have something to protect .
What can a twelfth - century peasant do to save themselves from annihilation ?
Nothing .
Nature 's little challenges are n't always fair .
When you run into a challenge that 's too difficult , you suffer the penalty ; when you run into a lethal penalty , you die .
That 's how it is for people , and it is n't any different for planets .
Someone who wants to dance the deadly dance with Nature , does need to understand what they 're up against : Absolute , utter , exceptionless neutrality .
Knowing this wo n't always save you .
It would n't save a twelfth - century peasant , even if they knew .
If you think that a rationalist who fully understands the mess they 're in , must surely be able to find a way out — then you trust rationality , enough said .
Some commenter is bound to castigate me for putting too dark a tone on all this , and in response they will list out all the reasons why it 's lovely to live in a neutral universe .
Life is allowed to be a little dark , after all ; but not darker than a certain point , unless there 's a silver lining .
Still , because I do n't want to create needless despair , I will say a few hopeful words at this point :
If humanity 's future unfolds in the right way , we might be able to make our future light cone fair ( er ) .
We can't modify fundamental physics , but on a higher level of organization we could build some guardrails and put down some padding ; organize the particles into a pattern that does some internal checks against catastrophe .
There 's a lot of stuff out there that we can't touch — but it may help to consider everything that is n't in our future light cone , as being part of the " generalized past " .
As if it had all already happened .
There 's at least the prospect of defeating neutrality , in the only future we can touch — the only world that it accomplishes something to care about .
Someday , maybe , immature minds will reliably be sheltered .
Even if children go through the equivalent of not getting a lollipop , or even burning a finger , they wo n't ever be run over by cars .
And the adults would n't be in so much danger .
A superintelligence — a mind that could think a trillion thoughts without a misstep — would not be intimidated by a challenge where death is the price of a single failure .
The raw universe would n't seem so harsh , would be only another problem to be solved .
The problem is that building an adult is itself an adult challenge .
That 's what I finally realized , years ago .
If there is a fair ( er ) universe , we have to get there starting from this world — the neutral world , the world of hard concrete with no padding , the world where challenges are not calibrated to your skills .
Not every child needs to stare Nature in the eyes .
Buckling a seatbelt , or writing a check , is not that complicated or deadly .
I do n't say that every rationalist should meditate on neutrality .
I do n't say that every rationalist should think all these unpleasant thoughts .
But anyone who plans on confronting an uncalibrated challenge of instant death , must not avoid them .
What does a child need to do — what rules should they follow , how should they behave — to solve an adult problem ?
A few weeks ago , I went to see a new Russian horror film called S.S.D. ( the acronym translates to “ Death to Soviet Children ” ) about a bunch of annoying Moscow urbanites who get slaughtered while shooting a reality TV show in an abandoned Soviet summer camp .
I do n’t usually get excited about new film releases in this country .
I ’ve been disappointed too many times and now try to avoid them as much as possible .
But this time was different , this time I thought the movie could n’t lose .
It had too much potential .
If you ’ve ever spent time in a real Soviet pioneer camp , like I have , you ’d be excited , too .
See , I left Russia at a young age , but not before I had the distinct pleasure of spending two traumatizing summers at a Soviet summer camp on the outskirts of St. Petersburg .
I did n’t know it at the time , but I was being introduced to the gulag experience , minus the hard labor and freezing temperatures .
Everything else — the food , the housing , the stern oversight , the strict parent visitation rights ( a few hours every month ) , the lack of sanitary washing conditions , the Soviet ideology indoctrination and the recreational activities — are pretty much the same , except bite - sized .
You know , for kids .
It was the type of torturous existence that would make kids beg for Jason to cleave them in half to end their misery ( if only they knew who he was ) , the same way that terminal cancer patients beg for Dr. Kevorkian ’s painless death machine .
I remember those month - long trips out to the mosquito - infested bogs that surround the city very well ; they ’ve left behind my most vivid childhood memories .
The camps themselves were a horror to behold : dilapidated , rotting heaps of low - slung wooden buildings surrounded by a high fence , with a smokestack of some dilapidated factory — or worse — just peeking out from behind the tree line ; depressed kids with dirty faces and sunken cheeks running around and playing in the dirt ; and swarms of flies that clung to the filthy outhouses and grimy cafeteria .
We were washed once every two weeks .
On wash day , the entire camp filtered through a grimy bathhouse that .
There were no showers .
The camp orderlies , all hefty Russian women , would soap us using yellow bricks of industrial soap and water from a communal cauldron , then scrub us down as they were prepping raw meat for braising .
The women doused us with water from bucket and sent us on our way .
We lived and slept in huge shacks partitioned into two — one side for the girls , the other for the boys — about twenty campers to each side .
I was in the youngest category and we were forbidden to go to the outhouse at night .
Instead , we had to use the half - dozen rusty metal buckets distributed in the isles every day at bedtime .
But they were only for pissing .
Our handlers forbade us from “ going big ” in them and threatened to punish anyone that did .
But it did n’t help much .
Every other night some poor kid would n’t be able to hold his stool till morning and would sneak up quietly to the bucket — not out of respect for fellow campers , but for fear of getting caught — and squat right there in the middle of the room .
Sometimes they missed and the piece of crap would lay there until morning , stinking up the room .
It was a nasty setup , but I supported it .
As bad as that was , anything was better than having to go to the massive wooden outhouse .
These wooden shacks were built on top of huge holes in the ground and serviced at least 100 people , each .
There were no lights inside and the toilets were nothing more than six big holes ( wide enough for a kid my size to fit into ) cut into the floor over which you had to squat .
There were no separating walls and no privacy .
And flies swarmed like locusts in the foul mixture of urine and feces that sloshed in the pit below .
Falling in — it was my perpetual fear and recurring nightmare theme .
I would lie awake nights replaying the scene : I would hit a urine slick and fall headfirst into the pit , I ’d be splashing around and yelling for help , but it would BE no use .
It ’d be choking on the filth , it would enter my lungs and muffle my screams .
No one would come to my rescue as I would quietly drown in the muck .
Apparently , I was n’t the first kid thinking about this .
About a week into my stay , I bumped into a group of older campers while squatting over a hole .
They decided to have a bit of fun .
They taunted and threatened to throw me down into the shit pit the next time they caught me in the bathroom .
They thought they were being clever , and laughed as a I ran out sobbing .
From then on , I was too embarrassed to shit in a bucket and terrified of the outhouse .
So I shat my pants for two weeks , preferring ridicule to the possibility of drowning in shit .
Sometimes I let the turds cake in my underwear and threw the underwear away .
Once , a dried up piece of shit fell out of my pant leg while I was playing soccer .
I was total mess : ashamed , scared and filthy .
But I was n’t the only one to regress .
A few other kids in my quarters started to regularly wet their beds .
But there were moments of happiness .
Near the end of my stay , I broke out with a high fever and was hospitalized for a week .
Clean white sheets , food brought to my bedside , sunlight streaming through the window , birds chirping — it was pure serenity , like being in heaven .
It was these thoughts that flooded back into my mind when I heard about this movie .
“ Damn , ” I thought .
“ Could these filmmakers have actually picked up on the subconscious fear vibrations of the Soviet population , dug up the buried phobias of countless Soviet children and then exploited them for a unique brand of Russian slasher movie ? ”
It was a brilliant idea for a Russian horror film .
It would n’t be something abstract or mystical like zombies or demons , but something concrete and specific to Russian culture .
I could n’t wait to see these guys transform every child ’s pioneer camp nightmare into a cinematic horror fest .
on •
This is a montage of images from hyperventilating stories about Salma Hayek “ Still ” !
Breastfeeding !
At! 13 ! Months !
The world has burst into a babblefest of gossip about how bizarre this is .
There has been an outpouring of shock and disdain , complete with accusations of perversity and child sexual abuse .
Here ’s a sampling of the buzz .
GossipBabe.com reports :
Salma Hayek is still breastfeeding her 13 month old daughter Valentina - Paloma , for three reasons : first because it ’s good for her baby ’s health , second because she feels she shares a special bond with her daughter , and third because she loves how big her milkers got , trying to pass it off as being addicted to breastfeeding : “ I ’m like an alcoholic .
It is like , I do n’t care if I cry , I do n’t care if I am fat , I am just going to do it for one more week , one more month , and then when I see how much good it is doing her and I ca n’t stop . ”
Where does it say there that she feeds for the breast enlargement ?
She enjoys breastfeeding , and she believes it is good for her daughter .
OMG !
A woman is happily mothering !
Stop the presses !
… Why are the presses stopped ?
Because Salma Hayek ’s breasts are public property , that ’s why .
Celeb Amour reports :
Salma
Hayek is still breast - feeding her daughter , Valentina , whom she had with French businessman François - Henri Pinault in September 2007 .
Breast - feeding for an entire year .
I have to wonder if that ’s not one of the reasons the wedding was called off ?
Maybe ex-squeeze wanted a little more action than what the kiddo was getting .
Views From A Broad :
SALMA HAYEK is addicted to BREASTFEEDING .
THAT SUCKS ..
From the comments :
As A Licensed Psychiatrist I agree that children should be weaned at about a year old .
Beyond that breastfeeding is not necessary and is likely to be some form of child sexual abuse .
Clearly once a child is able to eat solids and drink from a cup breastfeeding is not needed .
I think some women use it as an excuse in order to fullfill some emotional void in their life or sexual void .
Its a lack of maturity on the womans part .
It tends to create emotionally damaged children .
This children are clearly overly dependent on their mother .
They have a lot of issues throughout their lives and require counseling and other things to try to get some normalacy back .
In Other Words – That is Just Plain Fucked UP !!! [ …]
What Thom said … after a year , she is definitely doing her daughter a disservice unnecessarily creating potential serious dependency and abandonment issues that could last a lifetime … also I detect a certain sexual , exhibitionist element accompanying the statement that she ’s “ addicted ” to having a 1 year old person suck on her breasts … it ’s not like the kid is going to starve without it …
Wow Selma , I did n’t realize it was all about YOU and not the kid , ya annoying , attention mongering , self serving bitch … the woman has “ issues ” and needs to have her head examined .
The Huffington Post comments are a mix of breastfeeding support , colossal ignorance , leering over Hayek ’s breasts , and accusations of creepiness and obscenity .
A sampling of the negative comments :
If this keeps up , that kid will have to go to a college within 5 miles of home .
Honestly … What kid could give those up ?
sooo hot and people fight to ban breastfeeding in public …
Suddenly , I ’m in the mood for chocolate - chip cookies …
It ’s obscene !
once a kid has TEETH , the breastfeeding can stop !
THey can eat mushy food now !
ew .
I know new moms who think breastfeeding after 6 months is indecent .
OK guys .
Line forms behind me !
I am soooo jealous of that baby !
When a kid can walk over , lift up the mom ’s shirt on his own , and say that he wants some ….
well that is just plain CREEPY .
Breastfeeding should stop at around a year old .
Yeah , TMI but more power to her .
I breastfed my oldest son for 15 months .
But when they start asking for it , it ’s time to stop !
I love you , Salma , but TMI , girl , TMI
When they are old enough to ask , maybe it ’s time to wean .
That being said , Selma looks wonderful , and I think it is fine that she is breast feeding her 14 - month - old .
for the first time in my adult male life I suddenly wish to be a little mexican girl … ; )
I wanna be adopted by her .
Breast Milk is nasty .
TEE HEE…NICE TATA’S !!!
Salma , please breastfeed me …
That photo has my mouth watering , and I ’m in my thirties .
Here , here …
Let ’s belly up to the breast , er , bar boys !
She ’s is an excellent actress in my opinion , but the boob show is bad .
She has milk - swollen breasts being pushed up and really , it ’s gross .
What is this obsession with women , particularly actresses , having their boobs bulging out like cows ?
Man , what can I say ?
Can I have a snack ?
Celebrity Baby Blog to the rescue !
Leaving out the weight - loss talk :
Good for her .
It ’s wonderful to hear a celeb talking about extended nursing .
My son is 16 months and we ’re still nursing .
yea for salma !
i found that breastfeeding was very hard at first , but i kept at it and am so glad i did .
it was effortless after awhile .
I thrill to hear celebrity mothers speak out about extended nursing – it warms my heart .
I think it ’s fantastic that she said she would continue nursing no matter what , even if she was fat .
That ’s HUGE in Hollywood !
Kudos to Salma !
I think it is great that Salma is doing what is best for her and her baby .
She looks fabulous and her baby is one lucky baby !
So what ’s going on here ?
It ’s not as simple as “ The Patriarchy wants women to not breastfeed ” or “ The Patriarchy wants women to breastfeed ” .
What The Patriarchy “ wants ” ( if you ’ll bear with me on this somewhat teleological train of thought ) is to have control over breastfeeding .
Sometimes that might involve coercion to breastfeed ( while withholding full support ) , sometimes coercion to not breastfeed , sometimes breastfeeding is a tool to confine women to the domestic environment , sometimes guilt over not breastfeeding is cultivated to sell women more products .
Above all , breastfeeding women are reminded day after day after day that their bodies are public property , that breastfeeding is n’t a free pass out of the sex class , and that whatever they do , there will be no shortage of people telling them that they ’re doing it wrong .
Australian and USAn societies are down there with the lowest breastfeeding rates in the world .
We have developed a peculiarly pernicious mix of :
* half - secularised Puritanism ;
* half - baked woman - hating Freudianism ;
* toxic capitalism ;
* mother - hostile workplace practices ;
* social isolation of new mothers ;
* a deep - seated fear and suspicion of any bodily intimacy that is n’t sexual ;
* and an overwhelming sense of proprietorship of breasts by heterosexual men .
The jealousy thread is the one that ’s standing out to me today .
( Other days , it ’s other things . )
CelebAmour brought this home when they blamed Hayek ’s relationship breakup on breastfeeding – a common allegation levelled at new mothers .
When women use their breasts in ways that do n’t centre around men ’s desires , women are demonised .
And what better way to demonise people than to denounce them for our most despised crime , child sexual abuse ?
Physical closeness with a baby can be pleasurable , sensual ; and our society is flummoxed by that .
We confuse all sensuality and physical pleasure with sexuality .
Breasts are seen as a symbol of women ’s sexual availability , from Page Three Girls to pornstars to politicians ’ cleavage .
Combine physical intimacy with the fact that breasts are involved and men are being ignored , and misogynists come out of the woodwork , finger - pointing and gibbering .
Then there ’s the biological ignorance .
The arguments about teeth , based in biological and evolutionary nonsense , fall at the slightest examination .
“ Teeth are for food ! ” , people argue , claiming that once babies grow their first incisors , they are obviously biologically ready for weaning .
In fact , we are the only primate to wean that early – others wean around the time that the first permanent molars appear .
Arguments based in linguistic development make even less sense , if that ’s possible .
“ If a baby can ask for it , it ’s time to stop ! ” ignores that fact that babies ask to be fed from birth – many can even latch themselves on with no assistance .
Linguistic development varies dramatically between babies , with some developing words as early as six months , and some as late as two years or beyond ( or never , of course , for some ) .
Why the timing of the first word should coincide with forced weaning is beyond me .
People parrot stuff from the world around them .
My generation is repeating received wisdom from the doctors of our mothers and aunts , at a time when breastfeeding was at its lowest ebb .
NASA was putting men on the moon , science was king , and women were told that super - technological “ clean ” , “ healthy ” , “ modern ” formula was the best possible thing for their babies and for them .
They were told that if their newborn wanted to feed more than once every three hours , their milk “ was n’t rich enough ” .
They were told that babies should sleep through the night .
They were told that holding babies spoiled them .
They were told , with wrinkled nose , that breastfeeding was just for “ primitive ” people .
There ’s a huge privilege issue in here as well .
The only reason some industrialised societies have had the opportunity to develop this overweening “ breasts are just for sex ! ” attitude is because we have the privilege to feed babies modified cows ’ milk from a bottle without a huge proportion of them dying .
While artificial feeding does carry significant risks even in the best circumstances , artificial feeding causes one and a half million deaths worldwide every year .
However , the World Health Organisation ’s recommendation that breastfeeding continue to two years and beyond is not limited to countries with unsafe water supplies ; it applies wordwide .
( More at the ABA and kellymom . )
And , because any post in support of breastfeeding is bound to bring the “ You ’re just being a big ol ’ meanyhead to formula - feeding mums ! ” comments out , here ’s my general approach , as outlined here before :
* Ca n’t breastfeed ?
My sympathy if you ’re grieving , and the best support , assistance , substitutes ( ideally donor human milk ) and assistive devices should be available .
* Wo n’t breastfeed ?
This is none of my business , on an individual level .
It ’s your body .
My only interest is on a collective level , insofar as patriarchal society is coercing women ’s choices , via socialisation , marketing , abuse , social isolation , religious oppression , medical misinformation , workplace practices , and so on .
* When people start leering , demonising , accusing , and excluding women for mothering ?
I. see . red .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
Pocket
Like this : Like Loading ...
Categories : gender & feminism , health , Science , work and family
Barack Obama is to be inaugurated as president on 20 January The US defence secretary has warned opponents of the US against trying to " test " Barack Obama with a crisis in the early days of his presidency .
Robert Gates said the new president 's security team was ready to defend US national interests from the moment he takes office next month .
Mr Gates , who is staying in his post , said Middle East and Gulf security would remain a key issue for the US .
He was speaking at a regional security forum in the Gulf state of Bahrain .
On Iran , Mr Gates denied that the US was seeking regime change , but wanted to see " a change in policies and a change in behaviour " .
He also repeated calls for Sunni Arab countries to back Iraq with full diplomatic ties .
The conference in Manama , organised by the London - based International Institute for Strategic Studies , is being attended by representatives of 25 states .
' Sorely mistaken '
Mr Gates , a former CIA director , told delegates he brought a " message of continuity and commitment to our friends and partners in the region " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" Anyone who thought that the upcoming months might present opportunities to test the new administration would be sorely mistaken .
" President Obama and his national security team , myself included , will be ready to defend the interests of the United States and our friends and allies from the moment he takes office on January 20th . "
Mr Obama 's running mate , Senator Joe Biden , warned during the election campaign that there would be an attempt to test Mr Obama 's mettle with an international crisis early on - in the same way that President John F. Kennedy had been tested during the Cuba missile crisis .
Since becoming defence secretary in 2006 , Mr Gates has won plaudits from Democrats and Republicans for his handling of the troop surge in Iraq , and has also been given credit for the decline in violence in the country .
He visited Afghanistan on Thursday , and promised more troops and resources as the US cuts back its presence in Iraq .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As we ’ve been reporting for the past couple days , Norm Coleman ’s lead in the Minnesota Senate race has been shrinking .
So are his chances of taking a leadership role in the GOP ’s shrinking Senate caucus :
Sen .
Norm Coleman ’s cliffhanger reelection race in Minnesota has complicated his long - sought bid to take the reins of an influential Republican campaign committee , senior GOP aides said Monday .
The Senate Republican Conference is scheduled to hold votes Nov. 18 on key leadership positions for the 111th Congress , even though the outcomes of races in Minnesota , Alaska and Georgia have yet to be determined .
Coleman leads comedian Al Franken by just 201 votes , ensuring that the 2.9 million ballots will be recounted by hand and the outcome wo n’t be known until mid-December , weeks after the party wants to have its new leadership team in place .
It ’s hard to be in leadership if you ’re not in the Senate .
But , Norm Coleman ’s got other problems , too .
Legal problems based on allegations in lawsuits against one of Norm ’s benefactors , via Politico ;
We just received a PDF of the second lawsuit filed against Norm Coleman pal Nasser Kazeminy , who allegedly steered $ 75,000 to a Minnesota insurance company that employs Coleman wife .
Much of the new material echoes allegations made by its former CEO Paul McKim in a previous lawsuit filed in Texas .
Still , there are a couple of new nuggets in the Nov. 3 complaint in Delaware by investors in Kazeminy - controlled Deep Marine Technology .
The Texas lawsuit quotes Kazeminy saying he needed to get cash to Coleman because “ U.S. Senators do n’t make [ expletive ] . ”
But the second lawsuit alleges — and it ’s breathtakingly stupid if true — that Kazeminy at first ordered DMT execs to pay Coleman directly .
“ Our clients were advised that Mr. Kazeminy first sought to have DMT make quarterly cash payments of $ 25,000 to Senator Norm Coleman of Minnesota , ” writes plaintiff ’s attorney Anthony Paduano , citing a “ confidential ” informant .
Another new allegation is that the payments made to Laurie Coleman ’s firm , the Hays Company , were n’t needed because DMT , which services offshore oil platforms and port facilities , already used Aon for its insurance .
Coleman is a dirt bag .
He ’s already starting to question the recount process — the legally mandated recount process .
That ’s why it ’s important for Minnesotans to know about these lawsuits .
When Coleman questions the legality of the recount process , Minnesotans need to consider the source .
Mini USB Batman spotlight
154 154 13131 13131 Call Batman to your rescue with this USB powered Batman Spotlight , just like the one in the film
For both the most recent Batman films , Batman Begins and The Dark Knight , Batman 's logo was redesigned .
The new version looks completely different from the comic book original , but although the image might have changed , Commissioner Gordon still calls up Batman for a night 's crime fighting by use of a spotlight shining the image of a bat up on to the clouds .
Mind you , it does make you wonder how they call him on clear nights .
Anyway , the time has come to make your own Bat Spotlight .
This project starts with a cheap USB Laptop light .
Making one from a USB laptop light is really easy and very cheap .
USB PC lights cost as little as 50 p ( $ 1 ) and can be bought online from Amazon ( see link ) or many other retailers .
The beauty of " hacking " a ready - made USB LED PC light is that the LED has the correct resistor for the 5V USB power supply and the plug that you need is included .
Of course you can buy the LED , resistor , wire and USB plug separately and it's then a very simple job to wire them all up .
. . .
A simple project like this is a perfect way to start beginners soldering and making electrical circuits , and you get to find out what the inside of a USB plug looks like .
Obviously you must take care with soldering .
Soldering irons get very hot and will give you a nasty burn if mishandled , so supervise children using soldering irons at all times and use your commonsense .
Turn off the soldering iron immediately after use and do not leave any trailing flex , which is easy to trip over .
Lastly , part of this project requires Super Glue ( cyanoacrylate ) , which should never be used by children .
It is very easy to stick your fingers together , or worse , your eyes if you happen to scratch them with gluey fingers .
The small part of this project that requires Super Glue should be carefully done by an adult .
. . .
This is an amazing project .
A simple beginning using the top of a shampoo bottle , turns into something that looks so cool in the day , but at night looks positively wicked .
I used a translucent cap from a cheap supermarket , own label family sized bottle of shampoo , but any translucent round ( barrel shaped ) cap would do .
It is best to use translucent plastic because the real spotlight has heat dissipation vents at the side and these let some light out , which gives the spotlight those characteristic glowing rings .
For this model , so that the light coming out of the side of the spotlight is n't too bright , the spotlight is lined with some foil .
However enough light creeps out to give a really good effect .
When your light is finished you can shine it up onto the wall , and because the USB PC light came with a high brightness white LED , you get an absolutely fantastic effect , just light the real thing .
As usual our instructions are of the highest quality , and as you 'd expect from dadcando , beautifully illustrated , easy to follow and quick to download , and give you all the templates you need .
They are available in both A4 and US Letter size .
Just click on the one you want to download , and you 'll be ready to start making .
Do n't forget to upload pictures of your finished Batman Spotlight .
For both the most recent Batman films , Batman Begins and The Dark Knight , Batman 's logo was redesigned .
The new version looks completely different from the comic book original , but although the image might have changed , Commissioner Gordon still calls up Batman for a night 's crime fighting by use of a spotlight shining the image of a bat up on to the clouds .
Mind you , it does make you wonder how they call him on clear nights .
Anyway , the time has come to make your own Bat Spotlight .
This project starts with a cheap USB Laptop light .
Making one from a USB laptop light is really easy and very cheap .
USB PC lights cost as little as 50 p ( $ 1 ) and can be bought online from Amazon ( see link ) or many other retailers .
The beauty of " hacking " a ready - made USB LED PC light is that the LED has the correct resistor for the 5V USB power supply and the plug that you need is included .
Of course you can buy the LED , resistor , wire and USB plug separately and it's then a very simple job to wire them all up .
A simple project like this is a perfect way to start beginners soldering and making electrical circuits , and you get to find out what the inside of a USB plug looks like .
Obviously you must take care with soldering .
Soldering irons get very hot and will give you a nasty burn if mishandled , so supervise children using soldering irons at all times and use your commonsense .
Turn off the soldering iron immediately after use and do not leave any trailing flex , which is easy to trip over .
Lastly , part of this project requires Super Glue ( cyanoacrylate ) , which should never be used by children .
It is very easy to stick your fingers together , or worse , your eyes if you happen to scratch them with gluey fingers .
The small part of this project that requires Super Glue should be carefully done by an adult .
This is an amazing project .
A simple beginning using the top of a shampoo bottle , turns into something that looks so cool in the day , but at night looks positively wicked .
I used a translucent cap from a cheap supermarket , own label family sized bottle of shampoo , but any translucent round ( barrel shaped ) cap would do .
It is best to use translucent plastic because the real spotlight has heat dissipation vents at the side and these let some light out , which gives the spotlight those characteristic glowing rings .
For this model , so that the light coming out of the side of the spotlight is n't too bright , the spotlight is lined with some foil .
However enough light creeps out to give a really good effect .
When your light is finished you can shine it up onto the wall , and because the USB PC light came with a high brightness white LED , you get an absolutely fantastic effect , just light the real thing .
As usual our instructions are of the highest quality , and as you 'd expect from dadcando , beautifully illustrated , easy to follow and quick to download , and give you all the templates you need .
They are available in both A4 and US Letter size .
Just click on the one you want to download , and you 'll be ready to start making .
Do n't forget to upload pictures of your finished Batman Spotlight .
USB mini PC light
This is what I used for the Electronic parts .
The very cheap mini USB LED light is just perfect as a starting point for making your USB Batman Spotlight .
It has the LED you 'll need ( with correct resistor ) , a short length of wire and the USB plug , in fact everything that you will need to make the light work properly , I do n't think that you can buy the individual components any cheaper .
OR 154 154 13131 13131
We can't wait to see the pictures of what youve made .
Kids love it when the things you made together are published , so go on upload a picture of what you made .
It 's easy , just go to your dadcando My Page and upload your pictures into this project and we 'll put one of them right here in the project picture gallery .
To give you the higest quality and the shortest download time , most of our downloads are supplied in Adobe PDF format for your convenience .
Adobe Reader is standard on most computers , but if you do not have it , you can get the most up to date version free from Adobe , here
Your downloaded projects
Posted by spoleweski - Version 2
Includes a rotary display so that the light sweeps back and forth across my room .
Posted by chris -
Just like the real thing , only about 100 times smaller and 1000 times cuter , looks really nice sitting next to my computer .
If you enjoyed this project , just by clicking you can tell others via these websites :
StumbleUpon Del.icio.us Digg Facebook Reddit
Making stuff is fun !
Children are the most creative individuals you can ever hope to meet , with wonderfully flexible minds and amazing powers of imagination .
Children make stories and invent games and play for hours from the most basic starting points .
If a piece of paper can be an areoplane , then a scrumpled piece of paper can be a crash - landed airplane .
As their dad , you are in a unique position to help develop your children 's creativity and problem solving abilities using the ever resourceful child
in you .
when combined with the practical
skills you have learned and mastered as an adult .
Dadcando.com has loads of exciting making and doing projects .
For some youll only need five minutes , with others , whole afternoons will dissolve away .
Some of the projects need only a piece of paper , while for others you will need some old packaging junk and some
The Project instructions on dadcando are high quality , and whichever projects you download , youll find that all the Project Instructions have been carefully designed to be very clear , and for the most part very cheap to make because the bits you need to make the model cost nothing or are free bits of rubbish that you would normally throw away !
Youll find that not only are all our projects completely original , but they are all designed to be fun and relevant to kids .
The projects have been designed with you in mind .
Quick easy with really satifying results , so that even if time is short you can get the most out of the time you have together .
Making and doing with your kids is about giving your children the most valuable thing you can give them , your time .
Our Making projects are about solving problems together and having something at the end to keep and play with .
Anything you make with your children will be very special to them because you spent the time together making it and they have something to keep that they can be proud of .
Happy making !
I have yet to meet a child ( or in fact an adult ) who did n't enjoy some form of creativity .
Everyone is born with an innate desire to invent , create and make things , that 's why humans have been so successful . , with wonderfully flexible minds and amazing powers of imagination .
Children make stories and invent games and play for hours from the most basic starting points .
If a piece of paper can be an areoplane , then a scrumpled piece of paper can be a crash - landed airplane .
and problem solving abilities using the ever resourceful childin you .
Powerful stuffwhen combined with the practicalskills you have learned and mastered as an adult .
Dadcando.com has loads of exciting making and doing projects .
For some youll only need five minutes , with others , whole afternoons will dissolve away .
Some of the projects need only a piece of paper , while for others you will need some old packaging junk and some basic making equipment .
Some projects are easy whereas others will help you and your children develop more advanced scratch building skills .
and whichever projects you download , youll find that all the Project Instructions have been carefully designed to be very clear , and for the most part very cheap to make because the bits you need to make the model cost nothing or are free bits of rubbish that you would normally throw away !
Youll find that not only are all our projects completely original , but they are all designed to be fun and relevant to kids .
The projects have been designed with you in mind .
Quick easy with really satifying results , so that even if time is short you can get the most out of the time you have together .
Our Making projects are about solving problems together and having something at the end to keep and play with .
Anything you make with your children will be very special to them because you spent the time together making it and they have something to keep that they can be proud of .
Most of the instructions come with printer patterns to make sure that all the things you make look as good as possible .
Print them out at A4 or US Letter size on an ink jet or laser printer .
Depending on the speed of your connection , some of them may take a little longer to download ( although none of them are much bigger than a megabyte , and most are much smaller ) .
This is because we only want you to use downloads of the highest quality , so we think that the wait ( if there is any ) will be worth it .
Featured Project Featured Project
MicroCards
MicroCards are miniature playing cards that can be printed out on one sheet of paper .
Just cut them out and play on the go !
Standard Set
Fruit Set
Creepy Crawlies Set MicroCards are miniature playing cards that can be printed out on one sheet of paper .
Just cut them out and play on the go !
Why is “ My Favorite Things ” from The Sound of Music a Holiday song ?
When exactly did that happen ?
The context in which it ’s sung in the musical ( during a summer thunderstorm ) is n’t exactly Christmas festive .
I can only come up with two theories , both of which present problems .
They are thus :
(1) The song references sleigh bells .
However , merely referencing sleigh bells should n’t be enough to qualify it .
Edgar Allan
Poe ’s poem “ The Bells ” references sleigh bells .
Read it and then tell me it ’s a Christmas poem .
I dare you .
(2) The song is somehow a list of things the singer wants for Christmas .
If so , Santa would like a word with you .
The snowflakes are n’t going to last until Christmas , let alone stay on your nose and eyelashes .
The raindrops on roses are going to be a little difficult to preserve as well .
The wild geese are n’t going to appreciate being stuffed down the chimney , and do n’t even think about what PETA would do if they heard about that .
Furthermore , you should know by now that no one ever actually gets a pony for Christmas .
Conceptually , silver - white winters that melt into springs are a little hard to fit in a stocking , and do n’t you already have a doorbell ?
Also , brown is not a normal color for Christmas wrapping paper , and generally , we use ribbon , not string , to tie up Christmas presents .
Seriously , these are the things that keep me up at night .
A recently published patent application for a “ system that facilitates using a web - based client - server application offline ” sounds a lot like Google ’s Gears project .
The patent was filed by Erik Arvidsson , who blog posts reveal is an engineer on the Gears team , and by Andrew Palay , who listed Computer Scientist at Google as his occupation when donating the Barack Obama campaign earlier this year .
So the evidence would suggest that this is indeed a patent application from Google concerning Gears .
Google ’s official stance about the US patent system is that it is broken .
The company has pushed for patent reform in order to stop “ frivolous patent claims from parties gaming the system to forestall competition or reap windfall profits . ”
Further , earlier this year , when the Gears project turned one year old , Google talked about their commitment to open standards and how Gears was a major part of spreading those standards around the web .
So why would Google seek a patent for their open source system , which was open source from day one and created in collaboration with Adobe , Opera , and Mozilla , if that is indeed what they ’ve done ?
Two reasons come to mind : the maybe - not - so - evil defensive patent , to be used to make sure that someone else does n’t try to mess up what the open source community is doing with Gears by filing a frivolous patent for something identical .
It might be worth noting that the patent filing date – May 30 , 2007 – is the same day that they announced Gears , so perhaps this was a preemptive strike .
Or it could be that Google is up to something more sinister , and plans to use a Gears patent to block competition .
What do you think ?
Found via Hacker News .
NASA astronaut Greg Chamitoff , Expedition 17 flight engineer , smiles for a photo near a chess board in the Harmony node of the International Space Station , July 19 , 2008 .
It 's the ultimate showdown in space … at chess .
Astronaut GregoryChamitoff is taking on the world in a galactic chess match from his perchaboard the International Space Station ( ISS ) .
Chamitoff , a NASA flight engineer , began the chess matchSept. 29 , playing against the public on Earth , led by the kindergarten throughthird grade U.S. Chess Championship Team and its chess club teammates from StevensonElementary School in Bellevue , Wash .
The astronaut is set to talk live to hisstudent adversaries Thursday at 2:05 p.m. ET ( 1805 GMT ) .
" I started off playing Mission Control and nowI ’m playing against the school kids , " Chamitoff told SPACE .
comthis week .
" They ’re from Bellevue , Washington , and they 're kind ofleading the charge here on an Earth versus space chess game , which I think isgreat . "
Chamitoff and his adversaries make about one move a day onweekdays , as long as the space station schedule allows .
When it 's Earth 's turn , the students choose up to four possible moves , and then the public votes onwhich move to send to orbit .
Anyone can vote via the Web site: www.uschess.org/nasa2008.
" I think it ’s a really good game for kids to playto help them learn how to think in ways that are very important for math andscience , " Chamitoff said during the on - orbit interview .
" It 's a goodgame to stimulate kids ’ thinking and it ’s been a lot of fun to playwith them . "
The online voting is being hosted by the U.S. ChessFederation ( UCSF ) .
" We hope the excitement and interest this gamegenerates will inspire students to become interested in chess , " said USCFexecutive director Bill Hall .
" Chess is a valuable tool to lead studentsto become interested in math and to develop critical thinking skills , objectives we focus on in our work with schools nationwide . "
Chamitoff launchedtoward the station aboard NASA ’s space shuttle Discoveryon May 31 .
A lifelong chess aficionado , he brought a set up to space with him , and added Velcro to the pieces so they would n't float away in weightlessness .
During the four - and - a - half months he 's been in Earth orbitduring the station ’s Expedition 17 mission , Chamitoff has been playingchess games against space station mission control centers around the world .
Sofar , he is undefeated .
As for who will win the ultimate contest between Earth andspace , time will tell .
" It 's sort of still at the beginning , so it ’shard at this point to tell who ’s ahead , but we ’ll see , " Chamitoff said this week .
" Hopefully , we ’ll have a conclusion herebefore it ’s time for me to have to leave . "
Chamitoff has spent much of his time activating the spacestation ’s new Japanese laboratory Kibo , which arrived with him in Juneaboard the shuttle Discovery .
He will join the station ’s new Expedition18 when two new crew members launch Oct. 12 aboard a Russian Soyuzspacecraft .
Chamitoff is due to return home aboard the STS - 126 space shuttlemission in late November .
Macleans
QP
Michaelle
1 . We have the first bit of national polling data which tells us ... I do n't want to say " nothing " , but " inconclusive " would be a good way to describe it .
2 . Andrew Potter on coalition governments .
Also at , Aaron
Wherry recaps today ' ssession , which he aptly describes as " democracy thrown to the hyenas " - after watching the clips , that comparison probably hurts hyenas reputation more than anything since The Lion King .3 .
One of Harper 's claims in the hyena feeding frenzy was that the opposition party leaders refused to put a Canadian flag behind them at yesterday 's press conference .
Uh ...no.4 . James Bow and Kirmalak give two well thought out takes on this situation .
( Is " situation " the proper choice of words ?
Crisis ?
Brouhaha ?
Hullabaloo ? ) 5. Jean 's vacation has been cut short ... again .
Seriously , if there 's one person who needs to buy flight cancellation insurance when she books trips , it 's her .
Regardless , the talk around town is that Harper will be asking her to prorogue later this week .
Political historians ( suddenly cool and in demand everywhere ! ) are divided on what the proper response to that request would be , but in my humble opinion the proper move would be to refuse him until he shows he commands the confidence of the House .
6 .
Finally , through all of this , I think it 's important that we do not lose sight of the more important things in life .
Such as voting my Calgary Grit in the final round of the Canadian Blog Awards
Labels : political insanity
September 30th 2020 at 10:00:26 GMT
We regret this option has been withdrawn .
The owners of this site will be replacing this functionality within the next week .
Return to the Home page or Continue
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
A British businessman told last night how he rescued 150 hostages from inside the Taj Mahal Palace .
As terrorists stormed the hotel slaughtering guests , brave Deepak Kuntawala rounded up men and women and shepherded them into a room before turning the lights off and ordering them to lie on the floor .
After a terrifying four hours in darkness with thick black smoke filling the room , brave Deepak led them to safety using makeshift ropes made from curtains .
Even after his elderly British father Vinay plunged 30ft , Deepak continued his selfless mission to save others .
Last night in an exclusive interview with the Sunday Mirror Deepak , 36 from Cheam , Surrey , said : " We had a choice - to remain in the room as the gunfire got close to us or break out .
" I do n't know why I did what I did , but somewhere a voice in the back of my mind told me what needed to be done .
One thing was for sure , I was n't going to let the terrorists win . "
With Deepak at his hospital bedside , his dad Vinay , 68 , who could be crippled for life , said : " My son 's a hero .
He saved me and all those other people and I am very proud of him . "
Deepak arrived at the Taj Mahal Hotel in Mumbai last Sunday for a short holiday with his father who was celebrating his retirement .
The pair were dining in the hotel 's Sea Lounge bar , which overlooks the harbour , when the terrorists struck .
Financier Deepak said : " I looked out into the harbour and saw a few boats coming ashore .
" They were full of hunched men , dressed in black .
It reminded me of a scene in the film Under Siege . "
The terrorists stormed ashore and into the hotel , guns blazing .
Screaming guests ran into the bar from a barbecue in the courtyard and within seconds Deepak rounded everyone up - including 20 Unilever executives - and ushered them into a large room on the first floor .
He bolted the door , hauled a table against it and pulled the curtains .
" A lot of people fearing they would n't get out alive were in tears phoning their wives and children to say goodbye . "
Deepak phoned his wife Rupe and sister Maya in Surrey and warned them of the situation .
He and his dad hid their passports and driving licences under a rug after hearing the terrorists were targeting Britons .
He peeked out of the window and saw police being shot as they tried to storm the hotel .
" Eventually smoke started coming into our room and the floor was constantly rocking from the grenades and shooting going on above , below and next to us , " said Deepak .
" No - one knew what to do , so I took charge .
" We tore up the curtains and any material we could get our hands on .
I made people get into four teams and pretty quickly we had our makeshift ropes ready .
" We tied them to pillars .
People were fighting to go down first .
But I restored calm and made sure people got down OK , starting with the elderly and then the women .
It took 30 minutes . "
A Closer Look at McColo
Yesterday , we published a story about Web hosting firm McColo being knocked offline after being accused by the computer security community of serving as a gateway to organizations engaged in spam activity .
In trying to get a sense of the activity attributed to McColo , I put together a flow chart , or mind map , showing McColo 's relationship to various sites associated with botnet activity , spam , pharmacy domains , etc .
I created the flow chart with the excellent and gratis FreeMind software .
I 've included a screen shot for those who do n't have or want this software installed ( click on the image to enlarge it ) .
For those who do have FreeMind installed , check out this file , which allows you to click any arrow in the graphic and view some of the source data for those citations .
Others can view the source material at the end of this post .
The upper right - hand section of the graphic highlights the numeric Internet addresses assigned to McColo that experts , such as Joe Stewart , the director of malware research for Atlanta - based SecureWorks , say were used by some of the most active and notorious spam - spewing botnets -- agglomerations of millions of hacked PCs that were collectively responsible for sending more than 75 percent of the world 's spam on any given day ( for that sourcing , see the colorful pie chart at below , which is internet security firm Marshal.
com 's current view of the share of spam attributed to the top botnets -- again , click on it to enlarge ) .
In the upper left corner of the flow chart are dozens of fake pharmacy domains that were hosted by McColo .
Bear in mind , this is by no means a comprehensive account of the sites and activity that experts say were funneled through this provider : I have redacted some of the data -- for example , the list of domains accused of hosting child pornography .
Others , including additional domains allegedly offering fake anti-virus solutions , simply would n't fit on the map .
Additional Source Material :
Host Exploit : McColo Cyber Crime
Fireeye : Srizbi & Rustock
Fireeye : Rustock
SecureWorks : Mega-D
ThreatExpert : Pushdo / Cutwail
SecureWorks : Warezov
Matchent : Asprox
Security Fix : Virtual Heist Nets 500,000 + Bank , Credit Accounts
Dancho Danchev : Fake Security Software , Part 9
Dancho Danchev : A Diverse Portfolio of Fake Security Softwtware - Part Eleven
Robtex : McColo Corp. Autonomous System Report
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Jonathan Ross and Russell Brand are to be suspended and all their shows taken off air until the BBC has investigated their prank calls made on Radio 2 .
It follows a series of calls made by the pair to actor Andrew Sachs on Brand 's Saturday night programme .
The actor , 78 , said he would not be reporting the matter to police .
Meanwhile , Brand has told reporters : " It would be silly of me to speak without thinking because that 's caused all this trouble in the first place . "
I am not going to take it anywhere .
I 'm not out for revenge
Andrew Sachs
He added he was sorry he upset Sachs , famous for his part in Fawlty Towers , over comments made about the actor 's granddaughter .
Sachs , 78 , said he was " not surprised " by the BBC 's suspension of the pair but added : " I am not going to take it anywhere .
I 'm not out for revenge . "
The calls were broadcast as part of Russell Brand 's pre-recorded show on 18 October .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More than 18,000 people have complained to the BBC while watchdog Ofcom has launched its own investigation .
The corporation 's governing body , the BBC Trust , has now called a special meeting of its editorial standards committee for Thursday .
Director general Mark Thompson will report management findings to the meeting and tell bosses what action he plans to take .
' Breach of privacy '
Announcing the suspensions in an earlier statement , Mr Thompson said he would be returning from a holiday and would " in the coming days , announce what action we will take " .
This gross lapse of taste by the performers and the production team has angered licence payers
Mark Thompson
Statement in full " Since Sunday , I have been in regular contact with the senior executives I tasked with handling this issue , " he said .
" In the meantime , I have decided that it is not appropriate for either Russell Brand or Jonathan Ross to continue broadcasting on the BBC until I have seen the full report of the actions of all concerned .
" This gross lapse of taste by the performers and the production team has angered licence payers . "
He added his " own personal and unreserved apology to Andrew Sachs , his family and to licence fee payers for the completely unacceptable broadcast " .
BBC
One show Friday Night with Jonathan Ross was due to have been filmed at BBC Television Centre , west London , later on Wednesday .
Guests on the show were to have been Sir David Attenborough , comedian Frank Skinner , US teen singer Miley Cyrus and band The Killers .
The BBC said people with tickets to be in the audience should not attend .
A decision has yet to be taken on what should be shown in its place on Friday night .
Ross 's Saturday morning radio show , as well as Brand 's Saturday night radio show , have also been pulled from Radio 2's schedules .
' Lovely old man ' Meanwhile , Ms Baillie , 23 , told the Sun the pair should " pay for what they 've done with their jobs " .
Brand and Ross both have Saturday shows on Radio 2
She said her grandfather was " really upset and says he wants the whole situation to end " .
" What 's funny about humiliating a lovely old man who has never harmed anyone in his life ? " she added .
She said Brand and Ross were " beyond contempt " .
" It was bad enough that they recorded these things on my grandfather 's answer machine but astonishing the BBC saw fit to broadcast it when they could have stopped it .
" Someone high up at the BBC must have decided it was funny and suitable for national radio .
They 've shown an appalling lack of judgement . "
' Not handled well ' Andrew Sachs is best known for playing Manuel in Fawlty Towers Prime Minister Gordon Brown criticised the pair for " inappropriate and unacceptable behaviour " , while Conservative shadow culture secretary Jeremy Hunt said in a speech on Wednesday that it was " wrong for broadcasters to produce programmes that legitimise negative social behaviour " .
He told BBC News the corporation 's reaction to the affair was " concerning " .
Labour MP
Sir Gerald Kaufman , former chairman of the culture , media and sport select committee , said it was " essential for the BBC to ascertain quickly who was responsible for approving this pre-recorded episode " .
" This has not been handled well - clearly this should not have been broadcast in the first place and if Mr Thompson did not know about it then he needs to cut some heads off of the people that did n't let him know , " he told BBC News .
Sir Gerald added that if media regulator Ofcom were to fine the BBC for the incident , it should not be paid with licence payer 's money .
" If the BBC is fined I believe the two people involved should pay the fine and not the licence payers , " he said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
To friends in the protest movement , Lucy was an eager 20 - something who attended their events and sent encouraging e-mails to support their causes .
Only one thing seemed strange .
“ At one demonstration , I remember her showing up with a laptop computer and typing away , ” said Mike Stark , who helped lead the anti-death - penalty march in Baltimore that day .
“ We all thought that was odd . ”
Not really .
The woman was an undercover Maryland State Police trooper who between 2005 and 2007 infiltrated more than two dozen rallies and meetings of nonviolent groups .
Advertisement
Maryland officials now concede that , based on information gathered by “ Lucy ” and others , state police wrongly listed at least 53 Americans as terrorists in a criminal intelligence database -- and shared some information about them with half a dozen state and federal agencies , including the National Security Agency .
Among those labeled as terrorists : two Catholic nuns , a former Democratic congressional candidate , a lifelong pacifist and a registered lobbyist .
One suspect ’s file warned that she was “ involved in puppet making and allows anarchists to utilize her property for meetings . ”
“ There was n’t a scintilla of illegal activity ” going on , said David Rocah , an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union , which filed a lawsuit and in July obtained the first surveillance files .
State police have released other heavily redacted documents .
Investigators , the files show , targeted groups that advocated against abortion , global warming , nuclear arms , military recruiting in high schools and biodefense research , among other issues .
Advertisement
“ It was unconscionable conduct , ” said Democratic state Sen. Brian Frosh , who is backing legislation to ban similar spying in Maryland unless the police superintendent can document a “ reasonable , articulable suspicion ” of criminal activity .
The case is the latest to emerge since the Sept. 11 attacks spurred a sharp increase in state and federal surveillance of Americans .
Critics say such investigations violate constitutional guarantees of freedom of speech and assembly , and serve to inhibit lawful dissent .
In the largest known effort , the Pentagon monitored at least 186 lawful protests and meetings -- including church services and silent vigils -- in California and other states .
The military also compiled more than 2,800 reports on Americans in a database of supposed terrorist threats .
That program , known as TALON , was ordered closed in 2007 after it was exposed in news reports .
Advertisement
The Maryland operation also has ended , but critics still question why police spent hundreds of hours spying on Quakers and other peace groups in a state that reported more than 36,000 violent crimes last year .
Stephen Sachs , a former state attorney general , investigated the scandal for Gov. Martin O’Malley -- a Democrat elected in 2006 .
He concluded that state police had violated federal regulations and “ significantly overreached . ”
According to Sachs ’ 93 - page report and other documents , state police launched the operation in March 2005 out of concern that the planned execution of a convicted murderer might lead to violent protests .
They sent Lucy to join local activists at Takoma Park ’s Electrik Maid , a funky community center popular with punk rockers and slam poets .
Ten people attended the gathering , including a local representative from Amnesty International .
Advertisement
“ The meeting was primarily concerned with getting people to put up fliers and getting information out to local businesses and churches about the upcoming events , ” the undercover officer reported later .
“ No other pertinent intelligence information was obtained . ”
That proved true for all 29 meetings , rallies and protests that Lucy ultimately attended .
Most drew only a handful of people , and none involved illegal or disruptive actions .
Using the aliases Lucy Shoup and Lucy McDonald , she befriended activists .
“ I want to get involved in different causes , ” she wrote in an e-mail , citing her interest in “ anti- death penalty , antiwar and pro-animal actions !!! ”
Max Obuszewski , a Baltimore pacifist who leads antiwar protests , said Lucy asked about civil disobedience , but did n’t instigate any .
“ She never volunteered to do anything , not even hand out leaflets , ” he said .
“ She was not an agent provocateur . ”
Advertisement
Greg Shipley , a state police spokesman , said that no one in the department had been disciplined in connection with the spying program .
Lucy , who has not been publicly identified , would not consent to an interview , he said .
The surveillance , Shipley said , was inappropriate .
And the listing of lawful activity as terrorism “ should n’t have happened , and has been corrected . ”
Most of the files list terrorism as a “ primary crime ” and a “ secondary crime , ” then add subgroups for designations such as antiwar protester .
Some contain errors and inconsistencies that are almost comical .
Advertisement
Nancy Kricorian , 48 , a novelist on the terrorist list , is coordinator for the New York City chapter of CodePink , an antiwar group .
She serves as liaison with local police for group protests , and has never been arrested .
“ I have no idea why I made the list , ” she said .
“ I ’ve never been to the state of Maryland , except maybe to stop for gas on the way to Washington . ”
Josh Tulkin , 27 , a registered lobbyist with the Virginia state Legislature , is cited under “ terrorism -- environmental extremists . ”
Tulkin was deputy director of Chesapeake Climate Action Network , an environmental group that claims 15,000 members and regularly meets with governors and members of Congress .
“ If asking your elected officials a question about public policy is a crime , then I ’m guilty , ” he said .
Advertisement
Barry Kissin , 57 , a lawyer who ran unsuccessfully for Congress in 2006 , heads the Frederick Progressive Action Coalition , a group that works “ for social , economic and environmental justice , ” according to his police file .
Their protests “ are always peaceful , ” it added .
He was labeled “ Terrorism -- Anti-Government . ”
Nadine Bloch , 47 , runs workshops for protest groups that seek corporate responsibility and builds huge papier - mache puppets often used in street marches .
Her terrorism file indicates she participated in a Taking Action for Animals conference in Washington on July 16 - 18 , 2005 .
Animal rights , Bloch said , is one of the few causes she does n’t actively embrace .
Besides , she was attending an educators conference in Hawaii that week as a contractor for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration .
Advertisement
“ This whole thing , ” she said , “ is so absurd . ”
--
bob.drogin@latimes.com
Sens .
John McCain and Barack Obama have been all but silent when it comes to repairing America 's failing infrastructure , and with all that 's going on in the world right now , they might be forgiven for it .
They should n't be .
Investing heavily in our infrastructure is just the thing for reinvigorating our tanking economy .
The candidates can talk all they want about shoveling money into alternative fuels , electric cars and high - speed rail , but none of that will mean much if our roads , bridges and rails can't support them .
The next president must commit to fixing our infrastructure .
Such an investment will create jobs , strengthen our economy and make America more competitive .
" ( Congress ) should invest in the more than 3,000 ready - to - go highway projects that could be under contract within the next 30 to 90 days , " says John Horsley , executive director of the American Association of State Highway and Transportation Officials .
" Funding these ready to go projects offers Congress a tremendous opportunity to put Americans to work and help cash - strapped states repair and replace our crumbling infrastructure . "
History shows us the time to act is now .
The state of America 's infrastructure – roads , bridges , drinking water , even schools and transit systems – could n't be much worse .
A report card issued three years ago by the American Society of Civil Engineers gives it all a D .
The society says we 've got to spend about $ 1.6 trillion just to bring things up to a B - .
" We 're issuing a new report card next March , and we do n't anticipate the grades getting any better , " David Mongan , the organization 's president , says .
" If you look at federal and state infrastructure spending , it has n't increased .
The best we can hope for is that we 've held steady since our last report . "
Is it really that bad ?
Yes , it is .
One of every four bridges in the country is either structurally deficient or functionally obsolete , and bringing them up to snuff will cost $ 140 billion , according to the American Association of State Highway Transportation Officials .
America 's drinking water infrastructure is woefully underfunded ; the Congressional Budget Office says we must invest at least $ 11.6 billion over the next 20 years .
Highway congestion costs us $ 78 billion annually through the 4.2 billion hours and 2.9 billion gallons of gasoline we waste each year , according to the Texas Transportation Institute .
The list goes on .
Of the two candidates , Obama 's said the most about the issue , but even he is n't saying much .
At the bottom of the sixth page of his economic policy paper
(.pdf ) , Obama calls for the creation of a National
Infrastructure Reinvestment Bank .
It would " expand and enhance , not supplant , existing federal transportation investments . "
On the face of it , that means a new chunk of money would be allocated for infrastructure projects as opposed to simply shifting cash from other projects .
Obama wants to deposit $ 60 billion into the bank over five years .
That 's far short of the $ 225 billion a bipartisan transportation policy commission recommends spending each year for the next 50 years , but it 's a start .
If Obama 's numbers are to be trusted , the bank would create two million jobs and generate $ 35 billion in economic activity each year .
As for McCain , he has n't said much of anything .
If anyone 's seen a specific infrastructure platform from him , we 'd like to see it .
That said , his record so far is n't stellar .
Among other things , he 's called for a national gas tax holiday , which would save people pennies at the pump but take money away from the already strained Highway Trust Fund , which finances construction projects .
Three years ago , McCain voted against the Transportation Equity Act , which provided more than $ 286 billion for transportation infrastructure .
Clearly America needs to invest quickly and heavily in its failing infrastructure , and , ironically , now may well be the perfect time to do so .
The spiraling economy has drawn comparisons to the Great Depression .
While that may be extreme , there 's no doubt we 're in for tough times .
A national infrastructure initiative could make things a little easier .
During the Depression , President Roosevelt poured $ 11.4
billion ( about $ 175 billion in 2008 dollars , by our estimate ) into the Works Progress Administration .
The agency spent nearly $ 4 billion on highway and road projects and more than $ 2 billion on public buildings and utilities .
All told , the WPA put 8.5 million people to work between 1935 and 1943 .
Together those people built 651,087 miles of roadway , built or improved 124,031 bridges , erected 125,110 public buildings and laid 853 airport runways .
Not bad at a time when the unemployment approached 25 percent .
Beyond providing jobs
\– analysts say every $ 1 billion spent on transportation projects creates 35,000 jobs – a modern - day WPA would produce lasting benefits .
" China is spending 9 percent of its GDP on infrastructure , and we 're spending something like one or two percent , " says Allen D. Biehler , Pennsylvania 's transportation secretary .
" A sustained investment would not only create jobs that have a strong multiplier effect on the larger economy , but would prevent us from falling behind other nations . "
A country that 's gridlocked , crumbling , and collapsing is n't going to serve us well .
Spend the money now , enjoy the benefits later .
Photo by Flickr user by Kanaka Paradise Life .
One evening in 2006 , at a colleague 's house , I met a friend of her teenage daughter .
He was intellectually curious , and obviously bright - but implacably loyal to his parents ' born again Christian faith .
We spent pretty much the whole evening arguing with the poor boy , appealing to his logic and reason - all to no effect .
There must , we despaired , be some seminal atheist text we could refer him to .
We just could n't think of one .
But lo - ask , and ye shall receive .
Not a month later , Richard Dawkins published The God Delusion , a scorching manifesto for secularism .
Even by the standards of Dawkins ' 1976 bestseller , The Selfish Gene , it was a spectacular success , with sales exceeding 1.5m .
This week , as Dawkins retires from the Charles Simonyi professorship for the public understanding of science , the Oxford post he has held for 12 years , you might expect him to feel that the secular , scientific cause to which he has devoted his career is winning .
On Tuesday , campaigners announced plans for an atheist advertising campaign to appear on the side of buses with the message : " There is probably no God .
Now stop worrying and enjoy your life . "
The campaign , which was launched by TV comedy writer Ariane Sherine , blogging on Commentisfree.co.uk , hoped to raise £ 5,500 from supporters , which Dawkins had pledged to match with his own money , but by yesterday public donations had already raised more than £ 96,000 .
In the same week , immigration minister , Phil Woolas , predicted that constitutional reforms would banish bishops from the House of Lords within the next 50 years , and record numbers of new maths and science undergraduates were reported .
Even in America , the religious right seemed to be losing its grip .
But when I ask Dawkins , now 67 , if he feels that public understanding of science has improved during his career , he looks doubtful .
" I would say that when my academic career began there was probably just as much ignorance - but less active opposition [ to science ] .
If you were to actually travel around schools and universities and listen in on lectures about evolution you might find a fairly substantial fraction of young people , without knowing what it is they disapprove of , think they disapprove of it , because they 've been brought up to . "
Does he attribute that to lower standards of scientific education , or to the rise of religious fundamentalism ?
" Oh , " he says without hesitation , " I think it 's due to greater religious influence . "
In Dawkins ' view , there is a battle taking place in Britain between the forces of reason , and religious fundamentalism and it is far from won .
He is one of its most famous and prolific combatants - but the question might be whether he is among its most effective .
The God Delusion 's stated aim was to " convert " readers to atheism - but he admits that as a proselytising tool it has broadly failed .
" Yes , " he smiles .
" I think that was a bit unrealistic .
A worthwhile aim , but unrealistic . "
In fact , Dawkins has been described as " the biggest recruiter for creationism in this country " .
Critics accuse him of an imaginative failure when it comes to human nature 's susceptibility to the comfort of irrational thought .
They say his intellectual intolerance alienates people , and have questioned his wisdom in attacking a target such as the comedian Peter Kay , for admitting to finding faith comforting .
" How can you take seriously , " Dawkins notoriously scorned , " someone who likes to believe something because he finds it ' comforting ' ? "
When Sherine approached him about funding for the atheist bus , the wording he preferred for the advert was " There is almost certainly no God " .
Would n't this just infuriate believers , and put off potentially sympathetic agnostics ?
In the end they agreed on " probably " .
" Yes , yes , I know , " Dawkins interrupts .
" I know .
People say I 'm shrill and strident . "
Dawkins has a theory about this , which is very persuasive .
" We 've all been brought up with the view that religion has some kind of special privileged status .
You 're not allowed to criticise it .
And therefore , if you offer even a fairly mild criticism , it really does sound strident , because it violates this expectation that religion is out of bounds . "
But even so , from a purely strategic point of view , why does n't he therefore take more care to be ...
" Conciliatory ? "
Well , yes .
If people find the certainties of his intellectual style off - putting , why does n't he try and make himself seem a little less intimidating
" Well , this is a thing that worries me , " he says earnestly .
" Yes .
And I meet it all the time .
And it's by far the most intelligent criticism that I meet .
I suppose there are two different ways of doing it , and I 'm extremely happy if other people do it that way .
Dan Dennett 's Breaking
The Spell at least sets out to do that , to be seductive - is that the word ?
Not quite , but to seduce the reader in .
And I can do that .
I know how to do it . "
He pauses to reflect .
" But I seem - I seem to have lost patience . "
In actual fact , though , he does take enormous care throughout the interview to be patient .
Although he regards it as " clearly wicked " to call the child of Catholic parents " a Catholic child " , he quickly adds , " it 's equally wicked to say this is an atheist child .
I would never say that . "
He can't help adding , " Of course , some people would say all babies are atheist , because they do n't believe in anything . "
But when I ask if he'd say that , he considers for a moment before replying , " Well , I 'm not sure that 's a very sensible way of putting it actually . "
Does he worry that the calibre of undergraduates is falling , as access to university is extended ?
" I 've got to be terribly careful not to sound like an old fogey here .
When I first started tutoring in the 1960s it was a great joy to me , to get enthusiastic pupils who were really keen and interested and a tutorial would be a real meeting of minds and a real conversation .
That good feeling about it seemed to gradually disappear .
But I would hesitate to blame the students for that , it could be that I was just growing jaded . "
Like most rationalists , Dawkins tends to invoke people 's innate intelligence , and attribute their flawed ways of thinking to ignorance rather than stupidity .
" But I do n't have any evidence , " he concedes .
" I could be wrong .
It 's a kind of ideal .
It 's a sort of bending over backwards . "
People might just be stupid , I suggest .
" They might be , yes , " he agrees cautiously .
" But at least my saying that ignorance is no crime is my defence against the charge of arrogance .
Because if you tell people they 're stupid , that certainly is n't the way to win friends and influence people . "
Dawkins once described the British Airways employee dismissed for wearing a gold cross to work as having " the stupidest face " .
Did he regret saying it ?
A slightly naughty smile flickers over his face .
" Well ... well ... yes , I do really .
Yes .
That was an unguarded moment .
Although I think I said stupid - looking .
Did you see the photograph of her ?
I think if you look up the story , and they 've got the photograph ... "
He checks himself , and stops .
" But this is unkind . "
Before meeting Dawkins , I 'd worried that he might be so intellectually impatient as to be crushing .
The impression instead is more like that of a lion who has given himself strict instructions to behave like a pussy cat - which is both a relief , and just slightly disappointing .
Does he ever , I ask , envy people who believe in God ?
" No . " He shakes his head firmly .
Even though faith is said to be so famously comforting ?
" You see , " he says , " I 'm so eager to say well maybe it is comforting but so what ?
I suspect that for every person who is comforted by it , there will be somebody else who is in mortal fear of it . "
Does he not envy those who manage not to find God mortally fearful ?
" If I envied them that , then I 'd have to envy people who are on some drug , which just makes them feel good .
So to the extent that religion 's comforting , it 's probably not ... "
Dawkins likes to joke that old people go to church because they 're " cramming for the final " .
He never worries that one day in old age he may wake and find himself feeling drawn towards faith , though .
If he did , he would put it down to senile dementia .
He seems much more worried about spurious reports of a fictitious deathbed conversion being put about by his enemies after he dies .
He is probably not joking at all when he says " I want to make damn sure there 's a tape recorder running for my last words . "
Barack Obama Wins Landslide Victory !
At approximately 23:00 in the eastern United States , Senator Barack Obama was officially declared winner of the 2008 presidential election , becoming the first African American President of the United States .
As the returns became known , Senator Obama passed milestone after milestone , winning Ohio , Pennsylvania , New Hampshire , Iowa and New Mexico — many Americans went out into the streets to celebrate , with understandable and unrestrained exhilaration .
Barack Obama Wins Landslide Victory !
There was an abundance of tears and cheers as the nation and the world rejoiced .
The history of the civil rights movement was paraded on television screens along with the words and image of Dr. Martin Luther King .
Barack Obama becomes the 44th President of the United States .
Obama won all the key states .
Buried at last was the country ’s sordid history of racial discrimination .
Hopefully also will be the country ’s recent sordid history of worldwide bullying , arrogance and violence as a solution to every problem .
The day began portentously , glistening with history .
Voters began lining up very early in the morning while it was still dark , hours before polls opened , to take part in the culmination of a campaign that , over the course of two years , commanded an extraordinary amount of attention from the American and world public .
Throughout the voting process , both on Election Day and the early election period , records were broken in an unprecedented voter turnout .
Obama ran a flawless election campaign .
Every spare moment at the end of the campaign , Barack Obama humbly sought the advice of those who could help him forge a path to solve the country ’s problems as he realized that the job of President was going to be his .
The enormity of the task ahead was visible in the President - Elect ’s countenance before , during and after his victory speech .
People were hugging each other and crying .
Excitement was in the air .
John McCain made an uncharacteristically gracious concession speech offering his support to the victor , as the humbled face of Sarah Palin tearfully looked on from her location in Alaska .
At this point the statistics are meaningless and not yet completely tallied .
Whatever happens , the United States is a better place for what has happened tonight .
It is an extraordinary and awesome moment in American and world history .
The man who has convinced his country that " Yes We Can " will lead the way … hopefully to a peaceful and better future for all , no matter their race , creed , nationality or economic status .
Current electoral vote count : 338-155 ( 270 needed to win )
Highlight from Barack Obama ’s victory speech :
" If there is anyone out there who still doubts that America is a place where all things are possible ; who still wonders if the dream of our founders is alive in our time ; who still questions the power of our democracy , tonight is your answer .
It 's the answer told by lines that stretched around schools and churches in numbers this nation has never seen ; by people who waited three hours and four hours , many for the very first time in their lives , because they believed that this time must be different ; that their voice could be that difference .
It 's the answer spoken by young and old , rich and poor , Democrat and Republican , black , white , Latino , Asian , Native American , gay , straight , disabled and not disabled – Americans who sent a message to the world that we have never been a collection of Red States and Blue States : we are , and always will be , the United States of America .
It 's the answer that led those who have been told for so long by so many to be cynical , and fearful , and doubtful of what we can achieve to put their hands on the arc of history and bend it once more toward the hope of a better day .
It 's been a long time coming , but tonight , because of what we did on this day , in this election , at this defining moment , change has come to America … "
Lisa KARPOVA
PRAVDA .
Ru
An unconfirmed report out of India has the Indian Government urging Twitter users to not share specific on the scene information , and further that the Government may be trying to block Twitter in India , or is asking Twitter to block Mumbai related tweets .
Twitter has become an international talking point today following its use by many on the scene witnesses in Mumbai after the multiple terrorist attacks there Wednesday evening local time .
The interesting side of the report , read out on ABC Radio Melbourne at 3:10 pm AEST ( so no hard link , I just happened to be in the car at the time ) is the notion that terrorists may be reading Twitter for intel ; it ’s not impossible , but notably someone in India thinks Twitter offers a bigger risk than traditional blogging or even heritage media .
Mumbai has a strong Twitter community , which as shown by the logo in this post , even has its own regular Twitter meetups .
We ’ve asked Twitter for comment and we ’ll update the post if we get a response , or hear anything more .
If you ’re on the ground or have any further details tips at inquisitr.com or direct duncan at nichenet.com.au
The Senate met today to review Bush ’s environmental record .
It was sparked by the EPA ’s denial of a California waiver to regulate automotive greenhouse gases .
The committee entitled , “ Bush Administration Environmental Record at Department of Interior and Environmental Protection Agency , ” met today .
Senator Barbara
Boxer called the hearing to explore how the administration has held up with respect to environmental integrity .
A driving force behind the committee was the denial of California ’s petition to curb greenhouse emissions by allowing the state to regulate vehicular fuel efficiency .
The hearing was also looking into a proposal to loosen rules protecting endangered species .
You can watch a full video of the hearing here .
Boxer , who is chairwoman of the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , was n’t too happy when two high - level officials at the Environmental Protection Agency and Department of Interior failed to show up for the hearing .
“ They ’re cowardly and they have been a danger to the people of this country , ” Boxer said .
Below is just a taste of what Bush and Co have been up to since taking office .
A History of Bush ’s Environmental Record
Proposed drilling of the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge – October 2000 , this was a campaign trail proposition !
Blocks safeguards on arsenic in drinking water , sulfur in diesel , and releases of raw sewage – January 2001 , Inauguration Day
Bush repudiates the Kyoto Protocol – March , 2001
178 Countries agree to Kyoto , Bush does not – June 2001
Bush kills more of Clinton ’s safeguards on drinking water – July 2001
Bush cuts funds for renewables – February 2002
Introduces “ Clear Skies ” initiative which allows for more air pollution – February 2002
Bush denies EPA findings on Global Warming – June 2002
Proposes removing wetland protections – January 2003
EPA silences effects of global warming in environmental report – June 2003
Creates “ Healthy Forrest ” initiative which allows more logging – December 2003
Bush delays mercury reduction for 18 years – January 2004
NASA scientists censored by Administration on global warming effects – October 2004
Promises more funding for renewables in State of the Union , breaks the promise five days later – February 2005
Bush supports
House bill allowing more smog – October 2005
Wants to lower the price of gas at the expense of air quality – April 2006
Cuts funds for wind and geothermal energy – February 2007
Bush blocks G8 plans to reduce global warming pollution – June 2007
Bush opposes incentives for renewables – February 2008
Bush censors reports on climate change , again – April 2008
Oh , and that image was specifically chosen for the “ Dance of the Dwarfs ” title .
Made me think of our little “ Decider . ”
Image source : umjanedoan on Flickr
Pink Tentacle reports that researchers at Japan 's ATR Computational Neuroscience Laboratories have developed a system that can " reconstruct the images inside a person 's mind and display them on a computer monitor . "
The scientists were able to reconstruct various images viewed by a person by analyzing changes in their cerebral blood flow .
Using a functional magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) machine , the researchers first mapped the blood flow changes that occurred in the cerebral visual cortex as subjects viewed various images held in front of their eyes .
Subjects were shown 400 random 10 x 10 pixel black - and - white images for a period of 12 seconds each .
While the fMRI machine monitored the changes in brain activity , a computer crunched the data and learned to associate the various changes in brain activity with the different image designs .
Then , when the test subjects were shown a completely new set of images , such as the letters N - E - U - R - O - N , the system was able to reconstruct and display what the test subjects were viewing based solely on their brain activity .
Light fields and computational photography
Marc Levoy has retired from Stanford University to lead a team at Google .
This project is no longer active as a Stanford research project .
However , many of the technologies developed during this project live on in products such as Google StreetView ( e ) , the Lytro Camera ( j ) , and Google 's Jump camera ( o ) .
Overview
The light field , first described in Arun Gershun 's classic 1936 paper of the same name , is defined as radiance as a function of position and direction in regions of space free of occluders .
In free space , the light field is a 4D function - scalar or vector depending on the exact definition employed .
Light fields were introduced into computer graphics in 1996 by Marc Levoy and Pat Hanrahan .
Their proposed application was image - based - rendering - computing new views of a scene from pre-existing views without the need for scene geometry .
( A workshop on image - based modeling and rendering was held at Stanford in 1998 . )
Since 1996 , research on light fields has followed a number of lines .
On the theoretical side , researchers have developed spatial and frequency domain analyses of light field sampling and have proposed several new parameterizations of the light field , including surface light fields and unstructured Lumigraphs .
On the practical side , researchers have experimented with literally dozens of ways to capture light fields , ranging from camera arrays to kaleidoscopes , as well as several ways to display them , such as an array of video projectors aimed at a lenticular sheet .
Researchers have also explored the relationship between light fields and other sampled representations of light transport , such as incident light fields and reflectance fields .
At Stanford , we have focused on the boundary between light fields , photography , and high - performance imaging , an area we sometimes call computational photography .
( A workshop on this theme was held at MIT in May of 2005 . )
However , computational photography has grown to become broader than light fields , and our research also touches on other aspects of light fields , such as interactive animation of light fields and computing shape from light fields .
The images above depict some of the work we have done in our laboratory on light fields :
Recent papers in this area :
Some older papers :
Slides from talks :
( Listed in reverse chronological order .
( Slides from papers may also be available on the web pages of those papers . )
Demos :
Available software and data :
Publicity about the project
Financial support :
A list of technical papers , with abstracts and pointers to additional information , is also available .
Or you can return to the research projects page or our home page .
webmaster@graphics.stanford.edu
A guide to helping young people engage with the political system
With the recession and scarce resources driving enterprises into virtualization , Hewlett - Packard ( HP ) is looking to capitalize on the trend with a slew of announcements around virtual and physical IT management from the desktop to the datacenter .
Today , HP ( NYSE : HPQ ) and VMware ( NASDAQ : VMW ) jointly unveiled plans to develop management solutions for both physical and virtual datacenters .
HP also today announced that it will integrate version 10.0 of its Quality Center Web - based test management application , formerly HP TestDirector for HP Quality Center , with Surgient 's Virtual Automation Platform , which automates the testing and development software laboratory process .
And , on Monday , HP introduced its Virtual Client Essentials software portfolio that includes multimedia , brokering and streaming solutions for desktop virtualization .
The efforts aim to put HP in a very strong position for the future .
Research firm IDC lists virtualization as one of the key growth areas for 2009 .
" With its announcement with VMware , HP is trying to provide end - to - end management tools in an integrated suite , " Andi Mann , research director at Enterprise Management Associates ( EMA ) , told InternetNews.com .
" This is really important stuff , and CA and BMC recently did very strong announcements around all these things in the virtual and physical environment . "
The tie - in with VMware will pit HP against both CA ( NYSE : CA ) and BMC Software ( NYSE : BMC ) , as well as against IBM ( NYSE : IBM ) and Microsoft ( NASDAQ : MSFT ) , Mann said .
HP will also be fighting niche vendors such as Opalis , Embotics , Quest Software 's ( NASDAQ : QSFT ) Vizioncore , which offers virtualization management technologies , and PlateSpin , now part of Novell ( NASDAQ : NOVL ) .
Virtual testing
Melinda Wilken , VMware 's senior director of technology , told InternetNews.com that the first step in working with HP will be integrating VMware 's vCenter Lab Manager laboratory automation solution with HP 's Business Technology Optimization ( BTO ) software .
BTO enables enterprises to measure IT activities against business objectives -- making it more cost - effective .
HP Quality Center is part of BTO , and integration with VMware will let its customers conduct testing in virtual lab configurations from within Quality Center , Wilken said .
VMware may then integrate with BTO 's HP OpsWare module , which offers automation , to automate the provisioning of physical and virtual resources in the lab environment , according to Wilken .
Products from this integration will be appearing some time next year , she added .
In addition , VMware is licensing HP's VDM Dependency and Discovery Mapping technology , which it will put into its own configuration management product , Wilken said .
The combined product is scheduled to hit the market in the second half of 2009 , she said .
" That will let us go out and discover the configurations you have in your datacenter , the dependencies they have on other components in the datacenter , and feed that information back into vCenter Management Server , " Wilken said .
This capability ties into VMware 's vision of the datacenter of the future , where servers will exist on - premises as well as in the cloud .
Such datacenters will be managed by the virtualization giant 's Virtual Datacenter Operating System ( VDC - OS ) , a combination of services for the infrastructure , applications and the cloud , unveiled at VMworld 2008 , its annual user conference , in September .
But HP is n't VMware 's only partner in the area -- it 's also teamed up with BMC and CA for end - to - end virtual and physical management capabilities .
Wilken declined to say whether the company would also work on a similar an end - to - end solution with IBM , which is already a VMware partner .
Despite all the effort , EMA 's Mann said that managing virtual and physical deployments together may not be as hot a market as believed .
" My research shows that 95 percent of all enterprises are deploying virtualization in some fashion , but their deployment rate internally is as low as five percent , and that trend will continue through 2010 at least , " he said .
" Physical deployments will remain dominant in the datacenter . "
Page 2 : Cutting costs with virtual labs and virtual desktops
( h/t Heather )
Michelle Bachmann is a pretty wild person as we 've seen , but after spewing venom at Barack Obama for a few minutes with Hannidate , she then lied to Alan Colmes and denied saying this on Hardball :
Bachmann : I would say , what I would say is that the news media should do a penetrating expose and take a look -- I wish they would .
I wish the American media would take a great look at the views of the people in Congress and find out , are they pro-America or anti-America ?
I think the people would love to see an expose like that .
She 's come up with a new one folks .
She said that she never made those statements and they have now become an " urban legend . "
Is she living in a B type Horror / Slasher film world or what ?
Here 's what she told Alan Colmes Tuesday night .
Colmes :
You said you were concerned during the campaign that Obama had anti American views and you said the news media should do a penetrating expose and take a look at the people and find out , are they pro-America or anti-America Bachmann :
Actually that 's not what I said .
It 's an urban legend that was created and that 's not what I said .
Colmes : I have the tape at my website Alan.com Bachmann :
What I called on Alan was for the main stream media to do their job .
They failed to vet Barack Obama the way they had John McCain .
That 's what I was called for .
Colmes : I wish the American media would take a great look at the views of the people in Congress and find out , are they pro-America or anti-America .
Do you really want ...
Bachmann :
What I said was that I 'm not qualified to say whether members views are pro or anti American .
That 's not my job to do .
She really is out there .
Obama was subjected to a level of scrutiny McCain never faced since he was in a heated primary battle that went on for months after McCain won his nomination .
She really should apologize to Obama , but what the heck .
Here 's the video of what she actually said .
Joe McCarthy would be proud .
I think I can safely say that Michelle Bachmann has become an actual political " Urban Legend . "
There really are n't too many like her .
Marpingen by David Blackbourn by David Blackbourn
David Blackbourn in his book , Marpingen : Apparitions of the Virgin Mary in a Nineteenth - Century German Village examines the Marian apparitions reported by three young German girls in 1876 .
Blackbourn argues that the larger social , economic , and political pressures of the Kulturkampf , the depression of the 1870s , and the aggressive centralization and expansion of the state interacted with the discreet details of the personal lives of the visionaries , culminating in a phenomenon that was at once specific to the Marpingen community and indicative of broad European trends .
Blackbourn approaches his subject with empathy and respect , drawing his evidence from a variety of sources in order to uncover the historical forces at play as well as the experiences of the people involved in the dramatic incident .
Marian apparitions are a fascinating reminder of the power of popular religion and the subject of several historical investigations beyond what is addressed in this paper .
Blackbourn refers to historical and psychological analysis of Marian apparitions contributed by Michael Carroll from his book The Cult of the Virgin Mary and the solid background of social history provided by Jonathon Sperber from his classic book Popular Catholicism in Nineteenth - Century Germany .
Other treatments of Marian apparitions are often religious and reverential in approach , such as the recent work by Cheryl Porte , Pontmain , Prophecy and Protest or , at the other end of the short spectrum , anti-clerical in tone , like Nicholas Perry and Loreto Echeverria ’s book , Under the Heel of Mary .
In Marpingen , Blackbourn has successfully avoided either moralistic stance , neither embracing nor dismissing the spiritual significance of such incidents in the lives of nineteenth - century Catholics .
Combining a variety of details about the visions themselves with a solid historical interpretation of nineteenth - century Germany , he explores many angles of the apparitions with curiosity and integrity .
Blackbourn ’s methodology reflects his meticulous research as well as his ability to weave his theory and evidence together into a compelling story of both historical and personal importance .
He divides his book into three parts , addressing first the social , political and economic background to popular material insecurity and Marian devotion .
In the second part of Marpingen , Blackbourn investigates the apparitions themselves and finally , in the last section he addresses the legacy of the events .
This style of organization allows him to address a variety of perspectives with evidence culled from both official and anecdotal sources .
In the first section of his book , Blackbourn begins by examining the trends and patterns of nineteenth - century Marian devotion .
He positions the events at Marpingen within a context of epidemics , famine and political upheaval to illustrate the popular desire for an accessible intercessor in the face of hardship and uncertainty .
For many Catholic Germans , Mary symbolized piety and comfort , and “ her message that plenty could be restored by faith and repentance was a source of hope . ”
The secular legacy of the French Revolution and the state - building reaction to the Napoleonic Wars had disrupted the hierarchies and institutions of many Catholic communities and resulted in “ the first great wave a visions in modern Europe . ”
In the 1860s and 1870s , the Marian apparitions reported in German and Italian communities occurred against the backdrop of war and insecurity that accompanied the creation of the Italian and German states .
Blackbourn convincingly ties Marian devotions and vision to popular fears , not just of war and scarcity , but of a tangible loss of traditional systems of social organization , particularly the authority of the church .
Blackbourn supports his position by calling on examples of Marin apparitions in Lourdes , Pontmain , La Salette and Tuscany and other locations that experienced similar threats to tradition .
Blackbourn shifts his analysis to the transformation taking place in German villages , blending the larger trends across region with details specific to Marpingen .
He describes the changes in village demographics and the significance of industrialization , modernization , emigration , capitalism and the centralization of state power to prove that Marpingen was a “ community fundamentally transformed in the nineteenth century . ”
Social hierarchies were disrupted , collective land use was restricted and popular religion was standardized , marginalized or politicized .
The Kulturkampf institutionalized the struggle between the Catholic Church and the state , while a religious revival among Catholic increasingly emphasized Marian devotion .
Blackbourn argues that Marpingen was especially vulnerable to these social , political and economic forces as it was located on the boarder , had been “ caught up in a dizzy reel of territorial exchanges and treaties ” had rapidly become a mining community in the wake of the Industrial Revolution , and had recently welcomed a new priest , Jakob Neurenther , himself a devotee to Mary and indicative of a “ large - scale religious revival . ”
report this ad
Blackbourn then steps back from Marpingen to examine the larger forces at play in greater detail .
He explains the scope and impact of the depression of 1873 , the implications of the German unification and the tensions between agriculture and industry , between the Catholic Church and the state , between liberals and the state and between liberals and the Catholic Church .
He provides tables showing migration statistics and the convictions of priests who were caught performing mass illegally .
Seeming almost perfunctory , this section of the book is less impressive then his more personal analysis of the visionaries and their community , and Sperber gives a much deeper analysis of this subject that will be discussed later in this paper .
In the second part of his book , Blackbourn investigates the backgrounds and experiences of the visionaries themselves , Margaretha Kunz , Katherina Hubertus and Susanna Leist .
The Marpingen apparitions received wide public recognition , became the object of state intervention and interrogation and a formal investigation by the Catholic Church .
Blackbourn uses interrogation transcripts , media reports , court records , personal letters and clerical accounts to flesh out his interpretation of the events .
He reveals the personal details of the girls ’ lives to show how their claims fit with their earlier experiences of loss , illness and deprivation .
He points out the similarities between Margaretha Kunz , who he identifies as the ringleader , and Bernadette Soubrous , the visionary at Lourdes , who experienced many of the same personal losses and deprivations that colored Margaretha ’s childhood .
He then demonstrates the powerful role played by pilgrimages and miracle cures in the popular imagination , concluding , “ the apparitions obviously tapped a source of intense spiritual hunger among Germans . ”
Blackbourn also points out the disconnect between the official Church disapproval of the apparitions and the enthusiastic involvement of the local priest , demonstrating the disarray of the Catholic hierarchy .
The apparitions at Marpingen , and the ensuing legal debacle exposed , not only the division within the Catholic Church over popular piety , but also the repressive nature of the Prussian state and , ultimately , the limits of its hegemonic project .
After two weeks of military occupation , the harsh interrogation of children , and a blatantly disingenuous investigation , there was no evidence of fraud or instigation of public disorder .
Indeed Blackbourn argues that the ultimate consequence of the official investigation of the apparitions at Marpingen was a well - deserved contempt of the Prussian authorities and their destructive and repressive tactics .
The limits of their power were exposed , as were the limits of the reach of the Church , and “ the tacit support of local officials for the apparitions was most telling , and frustrating to higher authority . ”
Blackbourn then turns from the religious and political reactions to the apparitions to the tensions between popular Catholicism and liberal ideology , demonstrating the diverse worldviews held by the German public .
Speaking in the language of the natural sciences of a “ brave new world of progress … ( working toward ) a society of citizens ” underpinned by Darwinian theory , many German liberals were uncomfortable with the mystical superstition they saw at the core of Marian devotion .
The “ red thread ” of modernity and the problematic interactions between the forces of change and the proponents of tradition acquire new depth and complexity in Blackbourn ’s analysis of the apparitions at Marpingen .
The failure of the Catholic Church to subdue or absorb popular religious movements and the inability of the Prussian state to repress and punish such movements demonstrate the diverse and contradictory currents of modernity and popular sentiment in Marpingen during the 1870s , but also speak to the underpinnings of Marian devotion in the twentieth and twenty - first centuries .
Visions of the Virgin Mary have continued in Germany , between the two World Wars , during the 1930s and the Cold War , supporting Blackbourn ’s argument that apparitions occur during “ times of political and social stress ” [ 16 ] , yet his caution that these material trends do not suffice when analyzing Marian apparitions is significant because the personal lives and experiences of the visionaries themselves , and the communities in which they live , are crucial pieces of the story .
Volunteer for Election Visibility
Be part of the largest grassroots visibility effort California has ever seen .
Be part of the thousands who are saying No to Proposition 8 !
" Picture it : 10,000 people from Eureka to San Diego — standing together , waving signs and talking to voters .
This is our moment to show California and the nation that we will not tolerate unfairness and inequality . "
From Thursday , October 30 through Tuesday , November 4 , we need 10,000 volunteers on the ground — 5,000 on Election Day alone .
To the folks on his route through the cul - de- sacs of Apex , N.C. , Steve Padgett was n't just a great mailman but a decent guy who once sent a pink teddy bear to an ailing neighborhood kid .
It turns out , though , that the solidly built Vietnam vet everyone knew as " Mailman Steve " had a secret : Around his yard and house investigators discovered the soggy remains of ... well ... junk mail .
Instead of delivering the stuff , he 'd spent years accumulating about a tractor - trailer 's worth of pizza flyers and Victoria 's Secret catalogs .
The funny thing was :
No one ever complained .
When a federal court in Raleigh , N.C. , sentenced Padgett on Nov. 18 to three years of probation , a $ 3,000 fine , and 500 hours of community service for delaying and destroying mail , the judge nearly commended him .
Locals thanked him and some out - of - towners went online to beg him to take over their routes .
" He was our spam filter , " says Tom Glembocki of Apex .
That outpouring suggests that Americans are eager to junk junk mail , which would explain the efforts now under way to create the equivalent of the five - year - old " Do Not Call Registry " for the 100 billion pieces of printed ads jammed into mailboxes each year .
This year , ForestEthics , a San Francisco - based forest - protection group , has collected more than 73,000 signatures for its " Do Not Mail Registry . "
Bills to control unwanted mail have been introduced in 19 states in the last two years , though none has yet passed .
One website called the Office of Strategic Influence is urging Americans to send the industry a message by using the " No Postage Necessary " return envelopes to send bricks and old college textbooks straight back to Madison Avenue .
Perhaps sensing a shift in popular culture , the Direct Marketing Association ( DMA ) , which represents more than 3,000 companies , released in October DMAchoice , an upgraded version of a long time consumer opt - out program that tweaks mailing lists to make them more effective for advertisers and less onerous for consumers .
If anything , direct mail is becoming even more crucial for advertisers as newspapers – the king of ad carriers – decline and e-mail and Internet advertising prove themselves more effective in niche markets than mass outreach , Even in this difficult economy , the bulk mail market is expected to reach $ 176.9 billion this year , up 2.1 percent from 2007 .
Furthermore , Americans are conflicted about junk mail .
On the one hand , they 're conscious of the waste .
The direct mail industry contributes as much greenhouse gas to the atmosphere each year as would 20 billion people mowing their lawns at the same time , estimates ForestEthics .
" It is hard to imagine waste more unnecessary , " says James Hansen , a well - known NASA climate scientist , in a statement released with the report .
On the other hand , not all junk mail gets junked .
" The basic economic view of advertising is that there 's exactly as much advertising produced as is demanded by customers , " says John Lynch , a Duke University marketing professor .
" Even though it has annoying side effects , [ direct mail advertising ] has certain positive roles in the economy , " not the least of which , he says , is helping consumers get a better price on goods .
Bulk mail includes credit card offers , supermarket flyers , a menu for the Chinese place down the street , and political advertising ( up 43 percent this year over the 2004 presidential election ) , besides the avalanche of catalogs .
" The concern is that the legal remedy is fairly coarse and ham - handed , that people respond to the idea at a gross level , like , ' What do I think about junk mail ? ' versus , ' What do I think about Land 's End ? ' " says Mr. Lynch .
For its part , the DMA points out that the industry directly and indirectly employs more than 10 million Americans .
It benefits small businesses the most because it's one of the few forms of broad - reach advertising they can afford , says Linda Woolley , a vice president for the organization .
Direct mail is also the bread and butter for the US Postal Service , which has seen it rise by nearly 12.5 million pounds since the fall of 2007 even while total mail weight declined by 9.5 million pounds over the same time period .
" Once people actually look at what 's behind the economics of these ' do not mail ' [ laws ] that have been proposed in various states , they realize that doing something like this would put a lot of people out of work ... and that the original intent of trying to save trees is not something that would merit losing all those jobs , " says Dan Mihalko , a spokesman for the USPS Office of Inspector General .
Here in Apex , a quaint Raleigh bedroom community , reaction to Padgett 's jihad against junk mail has been mostly favorable .
" I get so much of it and I throw more than half of it away , " says resident Jim McNeil .
Padgett " is seen as a hero . "
Popular sympathy rubbed off on even the judge in the case , who gave Padgett credit during the sentencing phase " for a life well lived . "
According to court records , the now - former mailman was n't moved by ideological concerns but was instead motivated by health problems combined with his desire to resist the assembly - line aspect of delivering bulk mail in favor of taking the time to give neighborhood dogs a biscuit or chatting over fences .
To some , though , Padgett broke a basic social compact .
" I say yes to a ' do not mail ' list , " says Apex resident Kevin Rodrigues .
" But if something has my name on it , deliver it . "
In the early days of the republic , there was no widespread way to vote .
In some places , citizens would vote by placing different colored beans in a container [ like the Masonic one at left ] .
In others , they would stand on the courthouse of bank steps and shout their vote , which was recorded by a clerk .
Photo by Phoenixmasonry Masonic Museum
Free and Open Source Games Linux.conf.au 2009 Gaming Miniconf
Playing games
SparkyLinux " Game Over " , live.linux - gamers.net and the Fedora Games Spin are " boot 'n play " DVDs providing Linux and a collection of ready - to - play games .
The Linux Game Database list FOSS games and games that run on FOSS platforms .
There are also lists of FOSS games at the Open Directory Project , Wikipedia and Reddit .
Many proprietary games have native Linux ports : First Person Shooter games from id software , Unreal Tournament , many Quake variants , Neverwinter Nights , large catalogues at Tux Games , Linux Game Publishing , Desura , indievania , the Humble Bundle Store , Steam and various ports by Ryan C. Gordon .
Indy games also include Linux ports when participating in the regular pay - what - you - want Humble Bundle promotions .
The Unity game development toolkit has supported native Linux as a target since version 4 , and consequently many of the games developed with Unity are or will be available on Linux .
Information on finding , installing and playing games under Linux is available in the Linux Gamers ' FAQ including another list of Linux games .
PlayDeb .
Net makes installing games easy on Ubuntu Linux .
Linux Game Cast is a YouTube channel about gaming on Linux .
You can also run proprietary games on open source platforms using Wine , Crossover Games , Cedega , ScummVM , DOSBox and many other emulators and game engine recreations .
There are also many Open Source games for Windows .
Developing games
Free and Open Source software has a multitude of applications in game development .
SourceForge has a list of games hosted there .
Developing games using open source tools
Open game console hardware
Developing FOSS games for proprietary consoles
devkitPro supports development on GameBoy Advance , GP32 , Playstation Portable and GameCube .
" Introduction to Computer Games " ( PDF ) , a presentation .
Please contact me if you would like me to present this talk and demonstration again .
Comments and suggestions welcome at games@sericyb.com.au .
[ email protected ]
You 've built a cool new web application with Ruby on Rails ( or similar framework ) and released it to the world .
Everything works as expected , but users are starting to complain about the app being too slow .
And you 're starting to regret following that mantra about " premature optimization . "
Improving your web application 's performance can be a daunting task , but it's an important factor in keeping users happy and productive .
In this article , I present strategies for identifying common performance problems in Rails applications and ways to fix them .
The Strategy
The process of tuning the performance of a Rails app is not much different than any other software framework : Identify your biggest bottlenecks , remove them , and repeat until performance is acceptable .
If this sounds familiar , you 've probably performance tuned other applications built with another framework .
Much of your experience will translate from project to project , framework to framework .
The performance characteristics of a Rails app in a development environment can be very different than a production environment .
For example , class caching is enabled by default in production , which means that the code is loaded once and kept in memory until the application is restarted .
In development , every class is reloaded on every request , which makes for a shorter feedback cycle to enable rapid , iterative development , but adds some noise to your performance metrics .
To remove this and other variations in performance , emulate the production environment as much as possible .
The easiest way to do this is to simply run the application in production mode .
If you edit your config / database .yml file and point the " production " environment to your development database , you can use your development database in production mode for profiling :
development : & development adapter : sqlite3 database : db/development.sqlite3 production : <<: * development
When you start your server in production mode , Rails will now use your development database :
$ script / server -e production
You 'll just need to remember to restart your server to pick up any code changes because class caching is enabled in production mode .
You might also find that your svelte development database does n't reflect the real world .
To simulate a user 's experience in the wild , test with a local copy of your production database ( sanitizing sensitive datasocial security numbers , credit - card information , e-mail addresses , and the like of course ) .
There 's one exception .
I use the QueryTrace plug - in for Rails ( github.com/github/query_trace ) in development mode , but I do n't deploy it to production .
This plug - in logs the stack trace when each SQL query is logged , which makes it easy to pinpoint the code that 's causing the query to be executed .
In production it probably impacts performance ( ironically undoing some of the progress it enables ) , so do n't add the plug - in to your project 's version - control repository .
Mozilla has announced the availability of the first Thunderbird 3 beta release .
This version introduces some significant user interface improvements to the e-mail client , along with some very good IMAP optimizations .
Tabbed interface
The most visible enhancement in the beta release is the new tabbed user interface .
When we looked at alpha 3 in October and wrote about some of the prominent upcoming features on the short - term roadmap , we pointed out that tab management and session restore were in the works .
In the beta release , users can open mail folders and individual messages in new tabs .
The tabbing system is also exposed through Thunderbird 's extension API so that third - party add - ons can take advantage of the feature .
The latest nightly builds of Lightning , a calendaring extension for Thunderbird , allow users to display the calendar and task list in separate tabs .
The new tab bar interface , which is modeled after the one in Firefox , has an overflow menu at the end but does n't appear to allows tab reordering yet .
Mozilla user experience designer Bryan Clark has written several blog entries about the new tab feature in which he explains the thought process behind some of the design decisions .
Cribbing from Firefox
Developers have also continued their efforts to reorganize the message interface and move message - related features out of the toolbar and into the message pane .
In the last alpha release , they put " reply " and " forward " buttons next to the address section of the message pane .
They also made it easier to add contacts to the addressbook with a new single - click star system that was inspired by the new Firefox bookmark system .
In this release , these interface behaviors have been further refined .
Another user interface feature that the Thunderbird developers have cribbed from Firefox is the improved add - ons manager which has a built - in search tool for finding and installing popular extensions .
One of the improvements touted by the developers for this release is enhanced support for importing mail from other clients .
They have added the ability to import from Apple 's Mail client and made several other improvements .
During my testing on Linux , however , I was not able to import much of anything .
The only option supported on Linux is importing from Communicator 4.x .
To get my mail from Evolution into the Thunderbird beta , I had to dig into Evolution 's directory structure and copy the raw mbox files over into Thunderbird 's directory structure .
Thunderbird was also unable to import my addressbook because it still can't read vcard data .
Lack of support for importing data from other programs is the biggest weak spot that I found in this beta release .
The problems I encountered with the import system are especially ridiculous in light of the fact that Thunderbird is fully compatible with the mbox and vcard formats and uses both of them internally .
The program is obviously still a work in progress , so it 's likely that many of these issues will be addressed before the final release .
Platform integration is an important area that is beginning to receive a lot of attention from the Thunderbird developers .
In this beta release , Thunderbird will use the system addressbook on Mac OS X and will also display notifications with Growl , a popular notification system that is widely used by third - party Mac applications .
On Windows Vista , Thunderbird will integrate with the platform 's search and indexing system .
Tighter Linux integration is coming , too .
We also recently looked at some ongoing theming efforts that aim to bring the native look and feel of the GNOME desktop environment to Thunderbird .
Future plans
David Ascher , the former ActiveState CTO who was brought in to lead the Thunderbird effort when the project was spun off by the Mozilla Foundation last year , has written a detailed blog entry about the status of development and some of the future plans .
" [ W ] e've moved the product forward , in part thanks to new capabilities in the underlying Mozilla platform , which gives us faster performance all around , " he wrote in a blog entry .
We 're definitely not done making feature changes , including some pretty significant feature work that we expect will be integrated in Thunderbird 3 in later beta releases , some features that will live as optional add - ons , and some experiments which may end up in later releases of Thunderbird or not , depending on the result of the experiments . "
Some of the experimental projects that he describes are very intriguing , including a tile - based addressbook view , a threaded conversation view for messages , AwesomeBar - like autocompletion for contacts , and tighter integration of the Lightning calendar extension .
The agenda is quite ambitious and it offers a laundry list of killer features that could give Thunderbird an edge over competing mail clients ... if any are ever fully implemented .
The developers are clearly working harder to leverage the underlying strengths of the Gecko engine in order to bring richer capabilities to the application .
The experimental projects also reflect a growing willingness to adopt unconventional user interface concepts that are more closely aligned with browser - based mail clients .
Although there is still plenty of work to be done , development is moving at a good pace .
The project is clearly gaining momentum and it seems like a lot of great ideas are on the table for Thunderbird 3 .
The new beta is available for download from the project 's official web site .
For more details , check out the release notes .
DIGG THIS
All the recent talk about the American economy falling into a massive and long - lived recession has me very confused .
It ’s not that I do n’t understand the pain that often accompanies recessions of this magnitude , because I know all too well how hard it is to make ends meet while prices at the grocery store , gun shop and liquor store soar while prices for everything else plummet .
No , my confusion stems from the government ’s response to this recession .
It seems to me that Mr. Hank Paulson and Mr. Ben Bernanke are making things much more difficult than they need to be , and I want to offer to give them a helping hand to dig us out of this recession .
Call it my first act of " National Service , " for our brave new leaders , if you will .
I first realized that I could be of service to Messrs .
Bernanke and Paulson on Wednesday .
Mr. Paulson had just finished informing the American people that he was going to single - handedly divert the remainder of the 700 billion dollars that Congress had graciously given him from its intended purpose ( buying worthless mortgage debt ) in order to buy up securities backed by worthless credit card debt , student loans and auto loans .
It is clear that some divine oracle recently visited Mr. Paulson and informed him that the entire U.S. economy will be better served if this money buys up different ( though equally worthless ) asset - backed securities .
If only the rest of us poor hapless Americans had access to this divine economic oracle as well !
As you can imagine , Mr. Paulson had been forced to make a very difficult decision , because Congress had only given him 700 billion dollars .
For those of us on " Main Street , " I suppose the decision was rather analogous to our having to choose between buying a new pair of work boots or a new winter coat , when we only have 50 dollars in our wallets .
If only there were more money in our wallets , we could purchase both items .
The same is true for Mr. Paulson as well ; if that niggardly and penny - pinching Congress had only given him more money , he could have bought both types of worthless securities .
And , let ’s face it , when you are trying to make the worst investment in the history of mankind , you can never have enough worthless assets !
This is where I think I can help Mr. Paulson — as well as Mr. Bernanke and the stingy Congress , because I happen to own a copy machine .
All Mr. Paulson needs to do is to give me the go - ahead , and I can print up another 700 billion dollars for him ( and maybe a few billion for myself , for my time ) , and he would then have enough money to buy up a good chunk of those worthless mortgages .
Why stop at 700 billion , though ?
I could literally make hundreds of trillions of dollars by adding a few zeros here and there , which would allow him to buy up all the worthless assets in the world !
I ca n’t figure out why Mr. Paulson ’s oracle never informed him of the magic properties of the printing press and copy machine .
This solution has been hanging in front of Messrs .
Paulson and Bernanke ’s eyes for so long , that I ’m surprised that neither of them thought of it .
For , both of them have been solemnly declaring for months that they stand ready to do anything to save this economy from recession , and they ’ve been telling Congress that a " new and improved ! " stimulus package is called for .
Well , why do n’t they just pressure the Congress to get rid of the anti-counterfeiting laws in this country ?
There are around three hundred million people in this country , and a very good chunk of those people also own copy machines .
With those copy machines freed from the ban on counterfeiting , Americans could just go ahead and print up their own stimulus checks at home .
They would probably even print up a few extras for themselves just to be sure that they had enough money to get this economy rolling again !
Mr. Bernanke ’s not the only one who can make money out of thin air , and Mr. Paulson ’s not the only one who can issue debt that will never be paid off .
We can all help !
Ask , and ye shall receive howsoever much money the economy " needs . "
What number comes after quadrillion ?
We can make that much money overnight , if the economy " needs " it !
I ’m sure that Messrs .
Paulson and Bernanke will eventually realize that the solution to our current malaise lies in mobilizing the entire nation to print as much money as possible .
Mr. Bernanke has been printing money at an admirable clip this year , and Mr. Paulson has been giving money to his friends on Wall Street by the truckload .
In the meanwhile , I guess we ’ll just have to wait for that new money to trickle down to us from Mr. Paulson ’s cronies on Wall Street .
I just hope that prices have n’t skyrocketed before that new money makes its way to me , because I need new work boots and a new winter coat !
The Best of Mark R. Crovelli
Once , the poacher was a man with big pockets in his raincoat sneaking on to an aristocrat 's land to steal game for his family pot .
Now he is likely to be part of a gang from town , in it for hard cash , rampaging through the countryside with guns , crossbows or snares .
Police in rural areas across Britain are reporting a dramatic increase in poaching , as the rise in food prices and the reality of recession increases the temptation to deal in stolen venison , salmon , or rarer meat and fish .
Organised and sometimes armed gangs of poachers are accused of behaving dangerously , intimidating residents , causing damage to crops or to gates and fences .
Squads have also been out in the countryside " lamping " , poachers using lights to transfix animals .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
There have even been reports of drive - by poachers , aiming guns through the open windows of moving vehicles to pick off deer or other game .
Others go about their work more discreetly , knowing that in some parts of the countryside , if they are careful , their activities can pass unnoticed for weeks .
Animals from the smallest shellfish to stags are in danger .
Last month , a survey team who visited a river in a remote part of Scotland , were shocked to find that poachers had stolen mussels , with a potential value of nearly £ 20,000 , from the river bed .
They were prised from the bed of the South Esk river , near Brechin , Angus .
Freshwater mussels have been protected by law since 1998 .
To kill , injure or disturb the habitat of a single mussel is punishable by a fine of £ 10,000 , implying that the South Esk poachers , if caught , could face a fine of £ 1.3 m .
A single pearl can fetch £ 150 , and a necklace can be worth £ 15,000 , but the poachers may have difficulty making that sort of money , because jewellers are banned by law from buying loose pearls .
" This was not an opportunistic half - hour in the river , " Peter Cosgrove , the scientist in charge of the survey team that discovered the crime , said .
" We worked hard to find these mussel beds and that suggests the pearl fishers must have made a similar effort .
They would have had to have systematically been in the river for many days .
In all my years doing this type of survey , this might be the largest kill I 've seen . "
Last week , rural landowners and businesses in Scotland launched a new campaign to get the public to report instances of poaching or illegal hare or deer coursing .
Scotland 's National Wildlife Crime Unit has records of 335 incidents of poaching in 18 months , with the numbers now running at more than 20 a month .
During August , the number of recorded incidents was 22 , almost double the previous year 's figure .
" Poaching is particularly common on the urban fringes , " a spokesman for the Scottish Rural Property and Business Association said .
" It 's idiots going out into the country with guns , or crossbows .
And there are snares being set by idiots , really for the hell of it .
Salmon poaching is on the increase .
This is not a case of stealing one for the pot : it 's on an industrial scale .
There are people trawling fish traps in the river beds that will hold a dozen or two dozen fish . "
In Hampshire , poachers have struck 14 times in the past month , and police have met local residents and warned them about taking the law into their own hands .
Incidents are now three times as common as they were a year ago .
One gamekeeper chased poachers from a farm near Corhampton at speeds of up to 80 mph , until they rammed his vehicle to ensure their escape .
The number of incidents reported in the area last month was three times the figure for the same period in 2007 .
Charlie Flindt , of Manor Farm , near Alresford , in Hampshire , said poachers were stealing deer , pheasants , partridges , and chickens .
Two Shetland ponies have also been stolen , though unlike the stolen game , they may not be destined for the cooking pot .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" I was born in that house across the yard , and for the first time in 47 years I 'm keeping a baseball bat beside the back door , " he said recently .
" I 'm having to do nightly sweeps of the fields .
We are angry , and we are very scared , and someone is going to get hurt at this rate . "
In Wales , the Welsh Assembly launched an environment action plan last month to combat wildlife crime , a category that covers poaching and other offences such as the killing of birds of prey , or badger - baiting , which used to be prevalent in South Wales although the culprits seem to have shifted their activities to west Carmarthenshire or Gloucestershire .
One of the more unusual prosecutions brought by wildlife officers in Wales involved the theft of 200,000 wild bluebell bulbs in North Wales , for which two men were arrested and fined £ 7,000 .
Yorkshire police have also warned landowners to be on the look - out after complaints that poaching is on the increase .
This month , police stopped a van in Wetherby High Street .
In it they found four men , all from Bradford , dressed in camouflage , with three lurcher dogs , lighting equipment , and a large number of freshly caught rabbits and hares .
The men are to appear before magistrates .
In Henley - on - Thames , in south Oxfordshire , the local MP , John Howell , has asked police to meet farmers and gamekeepers furious about the increase in poaching , after several dead hares and vehicles tracks were found on two farms .
The owner of the farms , Michael Colston , said recently : " What I really fear is that with 10 attacks in just three weeks , some people are beginning to talk about taking the law into their own hands .
Something could very well happen .
I am very much against this , of course , but these gamekeepers , farmers and residents are terrified . "
And it is not just rural areas that are being targeted .
On Hampstead Heath , in north London , a woman out walking her dog last week had a scare when the animal emerged from a dip in the pond with blood pouring from his mouth , after an illegal three - prong hook left by poachers had caught in its tongue .
Dr Colin Shedden , the Scottish director of the British Association for Shooting and Conservation said : " Poaching has become an increasingly common problem over the past 10 years .
Such offences are not usually committed by local people , but more likely by serious criminals travelling some distance .
" There are many aspects to these crimes , and poaching can involve different species , especially those with high resale value such as salmon and venison from deer . "
The president of the Country Land and Business Association , Henry Aubrey - Fletcher , said deer - poaching posed a particular danger .
" Many poachers are inexperienced shots and there are risks of the animal being only wounded and not killed outright , " he said .
" If they are shooting at night and on ground they do not know there is also a raised risk of accidentally shooting someone or something else by mistake . "
Douglas McAdam , the chief executive of the Scottish Rural Property and Business Association , said : " Poaching and illegal coursing ranges from wide - scale criminal activity undertaken on a commercial scale , to one - off incidents often involving animal cruelty on the urban fringe .
Such offences interfere with the activities of the land manager and are often coupled with other criminal action and rural crime such as theft or vandalism . "
Such language may sound out of step with a jobless rate that , despite its recent rise , remains at 6.7 percent ; the rate exceeded 10 percent in the early 1980s .
But over the last few decades , the jobless rate has become a significantly less useful measure of the country ’s economic health .
That is because far more people than in the past fall into the gray area of the labor market  not having a job and not looking for one , but interested in working .
This group includes many former factory workers who have been unable to find new work that pays nearly as well and are unwilling to accept a job that pays much less .
Some get by with help from disability payments , while others rely on their spouses ’ paychecks .
For much of the last year , the ranks of these labor force dropouts were not changing rapidly , said Thomas Nardone , a Labor Department economist who oversees the collection of the unemployment data .
People who had lost their jobs generally began looking for new work .
But that changed in November .
Much as many stock market investors threw in the towel in early October , and consumers quickly followed suit by cutting their spending , job seekers seemed to turn darkly pessimistic about the American economy in November .
Unless the numbers turn out to have been a one - month blip , large numbers of people seem to have decided that a job search is , for now , futile .
“ It ’s not only that there ’s nothing out there , ” said Lorena Garcia , an organizer in Denver for 9to5 , National Association of Working Women , a group that helps low - wage women and women who are looking for work .
“ But it also costs money to job hunt . ”
Just how bad is the labor market ?
Coming up with a measure that is comparable across decades is not easy .
The unemployment rate has been made less meaningful by the long - term rise in dropouts from the labor force .
The simple percentage of people without jobs  including retirees , stay - at - home parents and discouraged would - be job seekers  can also be misleading , though .
It has dropped in recent decades mainly because of the influx of women into the work force , not because the job market is fundamentally healthier than it used to be .
Will Anderson was studying for an MA in energy and sustainable design when he began his ambitious self - build , zero - carbon home in Clapham , south London , in 2004 .
It was completed in 2006 and is a prime example of best practice in green building .
His Diary of an Eco- builder is available from Green Books and catalogues the whole building process and the architecturally stunning final result
Lehman Brothers was the first major bank to collapse in the credit crisis .
The full story ...
Two years ago , few people had heard of the term credit crunch , but the phrase has now entered dictionaries .
Defined as " a severe shortage of money or credit " , the start of the phenomenon has been pinpointed as 9 August 2007 when bad news from French bank BNP Paribas triggered sharp rise in the cost of credit , and made the financial world realise how serious the situation was .
The roots of the credit crunch , however , started earlier .
A quick guide to the origins of the global financial crisis .
FINANCIAL CRISIS : HOW IT HAPPENED
Most analysts link the current credit crisis to the sub - prime mortgage business , in which US banks give high - risk loans to people with poor credit histories .
These and other loans , bonds or assets are bundled into portfolios - or Collateralised Debt Obligations ( CDOs ) - and sold on to investors globally .
Falling house prices and rising interest rates lead to high numbers of people who cannot repay their mortgages .
Investors suffer losses , making them reluctant to take on more CDOs .
Credit markets freeze as banks are reluctant to lend to each other , not knowing how many bad loans could be on their rivals ' books .
The impact of the sub - prime mortgage crisis is quickly shown to have implications beyond the United States .
Losses are felt by investment banks as far afield as Australia .
Firms cancel sales of bonds worth billions of dollars , citing market conditions .
The US Federal Bank and the European Central Bank tries to bolster the money markets by making funds available for banks to borrow on more favourable terms .
Interest rates are also cut in an effort to encourage lending .
But the short - term help does not solve the liquidity crisis - or availability of cash for banks - as banks remain cautious about lending to each other .
A lack of credit - to banks , companies and individuals - brings with it the threat of recession , job losses , bankruptcies , repossessions and a rise in living costs .
UK bank Northern Rock seeks an emergency loan to stay afloat , prompting a " run " on the bank , as worried customers withdraw £ 2bn .
The bank is later nationalised .
In the US , the near - collapse of Bear Stearns leads to a crisis of confidence in the financial sector and the end of investment - only banks .
Seeking a long - term solution , the US government agrees a $ 700 bn bail - out that will buy up Wall Street 's bad debts in return for stake in the banks .
The US government plans to borrow the money from world financial markets and hopes it can sell the distressed assets back once the housing market has stabilised .
The UK government launches its own bail - out , making £ 400 bn extra capital available to eight of the UK 's largest banks and building societies in return for preference shares in them .
In return for its investment , the government expects to get a stake in the banks - although exactly how much is not quite clear yet .
Economies around the world are affected by the credit crunch .
Governments move to nationalise banks from Iceland to France .
Central banks in the US , Canada and some parts of Europe take the unprecedented step of co-ordinating a half - point percent cut in interest rates in an effort to ease the crisis .
Shares have risen and fallen with news of failures , takeovers and bail - outs .
In part , this reflects investors ' confidence in the banking system .
While bank shares have been hammered because of bad debts , retailers have been hit as consumer confidence is shaken by falling house prices and job insecurity .
BACK NEXT 1 of 10
SUB -PRIME PROBLEMS
Between 2004 and 2006 US interest rates rose from 1 % to 5.35 % , triggering a slowdown in the US housing market .
Homeowners , many of whom could only barely afford their mortgage payments when interest rates were low , began to default on their mortgages .
Default rates on sub - prime loans - high risk loans to clients with poor or no credit histories - rose to record levels .
The impact of these defaults were felt across the financial system as many of the mortgages had been bundled up and sold on to banks and investors .
WARNING SIGNS
April 2007
New Century Financial , which specialises in sub - prime mortgages , files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection and cuts half of its workforce .
As it sold on many of its debts to other banks , the collapse in the sub - prime market begins to have an impact at banks around the world .
July
Investment bank Bear Stearns tells investors they will get little , if any , of the money invested in two of its hedge funds after rival banks refuse to help it bail them out .
Federal Reserve chairman Ben Bernanke follows the news with a warning that the US sub - prime crisis could cost up to $ 100bn ( £ 50bn ) .
THE SCALE OF THE CRISIS EMERGES
9 August 2007
BNP 's statement is scary , to put it mildly
BBC Business Editor , Robert Peston
Read Robert's 9 August blog BNP Paribas ' statement
Investment bank BNP Paribas tells investors they will not be able to take money out of two of its funds because it cannot value the assets in them , owing to a " complete evaporation of liquidity " in the market .
It is the clearest sign yet that banks are refusing to do business with each other .
The European Central Bank pumps 95bn euros ( £ 63 bn ) into the banking market to try to improve liquidity .
It adds a further 108.7bn euros over the next few days .
The US Federal Reserve , the Bank of Canada and the Bank of Japan also begin to intervene .
17 August
The Fed cuts the rate at which it lends to banks by half of a percentage point to 5.75 % , warning the credit crunch could be a risk to economic growth .
A RUN ON A BANK
4 September
The rate at which banks lend to each other rises to its highest level since December 1998 .
The so - called Libor rate is 6.7975 % , way above the Bank of England 's 5.75 % base rate ; banks either worry whether other banks will survive , or urgently need the money themselves .
13 September
The fact that it has had to go cap in hand to the Bank is the most tangible sign that the crisis in financial markets is spilling over into businesses that touch most of our lives
Robert Peston , BBC business editor
Read Robert 's 13 September blog
The BBC reveals Northern Rock has asked for and been granted emergency financial support from the Bank of England , in the latter 's role as lender of last resort .
Northern Rock relied heavily on the markets , rather than savers ' deposits , to fund its mortgage lending .
The onset of the credit crunch has dried up its funding .
A day later depositors withdraw £ 1bn in what is the biggest run on a British bank for more than a century .
They continue to take out their money until the government steps in to guarantee their savings .
18 September
The US Federal Reserve cuts its main interest rate by half a percentage point to 4.75 % .
19 September
After previously refusing to inject any funding into the markets , the Bank of England announces that it will auction £ 10bn .
MAJOR LOSSES BEGIN TO EMERGE
1 October
Swiss bank UBS is the world 's first top - flight bank to announce losses - $ 3.4bn - from sub - prime related investments .
The chairman and chief executive of the bank step down .
Later , banking giant Citigroup unveils a sub - prime related loss of $ 3.1 bn .
A fortnight on Citigroup is forced to write down a further $ 5.9 bn .
Within six months , its stated losses amount to $ 40bn .
30 October
Merrill Lynch 's chief resigns after the investment bank unveils a $ 7.9 bn exposure to bad debt .
HELP IS AT HAND
6 December
US President George W Bush outlines plans to help more than a million homeowners facing foreclosure .
The Bank of England cuts interest rates by a quarter of one percentage point to 5.5 % .
13 December
The US Federal Reserve co-ordinates an unprecedented action by five leading central banks around the world to offer billions of dollars in loans to banks .
The Bank of England calls it an attempt to " forestall any prospective sharp tightening of credit conditions " .
The move succeeds in temporarily lowering the rate at which banks lend to each other .
17 December
The central banks continue to make more funding available .
There is a $ 20bn auction from the US Federal Reserve and , the following day , $ 500bn from the European Central Bank to help commercial banks over the Christmas period .
NEXT UP : THE BOND INSURERS
19 December
Ratings agency Standard and Poor 's downgrades its investment rating of a number of so - called monoline insurers , which specialise in insuring bonds .
They guarantee to repay the loans if the issuer goes bust .
There is concern that insurers will not be able to pay out , forcing banks to announce another big round of losses .
9 January 2008
The World Bank predicts that global economic growth will slow in 2008 , as the credit crunch hits the richest nations .
21 January
Global stock markets , including London 's FTSE 100 index , suffer their biggest falls since 11 September 2001 .
22 January
The US Fed cuts rates by three quarters of a percentage point to 3.5 % - its biggest cut in 25 years - to try and prevent the economy from slumping into recession .
It is the first emergency cut in rates since 2001 .
Stock markets around the world recover the previous day 's heavy losses .
31 January
A major bond insurer MBIA , announces a loss of $ 2.3 bn - its biggest to date for a three - month period - blaming its exposure to the US sub - prime mortgage crisis .
BIG NAME CASUALTIES
7 February
US Federal Reserve boss Ben Bernanke adds his voice to concerns about monoline insurers , saying he is closely monitoring developments " given the adverse effects that problems of financial guarantors can have on financial markets and the economy " .
The Bank of England cuts interest rates by a quarter of one percent to 5.25 % .
10 February
Some investors forgot the golden rule of financing : ' Do n't buy things that you do n't understand '
FSA chief executive Hector Sants , speaking on 27 February
Leaders from the G7 group of industrialised nations say worldwide losses stemming from the collapse of the US sub - prime mortgage market could reach $ 400bn .
17 February
After considering a number of private sector rescue proposals , including one from Richard Branson 's Virgin Group , the government announces that struggling Northern Rock is to be nationalised .
17 March
Wall Street 's fifth - largest bank , Bear Stearns , is acquired by larger rival JP Morgan Chase for $ 240 m in a deal backed by $ 30 bn of central bank loans .
A year earlier , Bear Stearns had been worth £ 18bn .
28 March
Nationwide predicts UK house prices will fall by the end of the year , revising its previous forecast of no change in prices .
THE 100 % MORTGAGE IS CONSIGNED TO HISTORY
2 April
Moneyfacts , which monitors financial products , says 20 % of mortgage products have been withdrawn from the UK market in the just seven days .
I have a deep sense of shock at how deeply our successful industry has already been hit by these unprecedented funding market conditions
Steven Crawshaw , chairman of the Council for Mortgage Lenders , speaking on 11 April 2008
Five days later the 100 % mortgage disappears when Abbey withdraws the last home loan available without a deposit .
8 April
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) , which oversees the global economy , warns that potential losses from the credit crunch could reach $ 1 trillion and may be even higher .
It says the effects are spreading from sub - prime mortgage assets to other sectors , such as commercial property , consumer credit , and company debt .
10 April
The Bank of England cuts interest rates by a quarter of one percent to 5 % .
21 April
The Bank of England announces details of an ambitious £ 50bn plan designed to help credit - squeezed banks by allowing them to swap potentially risky mortgage debts for secure government bonds .
BANKS PASS ROUND THE HAT
22 April
Royal Bank of Scotland announces a plan to raise money from its shareholders with a £ 12bn rights issue - the biggest in UK corporate history .
The firm also announces a write - down of £ 5.9bn on the value of its investments between April and June - the largest write - off yet for a British bank .
25 April
Persimmon becomes the first UK house builder to announce major cutbacks , citing the lack of affordable mortgages and a fall in consumer confidence .
It adds sales have fallen by a quarter since the beginning of the year .
Because of the uncertainties in the global economy and the UK lending environment , it is difficult to predict when the [ housing ] market will improve
House builder Persimmon
Read the full story from 25 April
30 April
The first annual fall in house prices for 12 years is recorded by Nationwide .
Prices were 1 % lower in April compared to a year earlier after a " steep decline " in home buying over the previous six months .
Later in the week , figures from the UK 's biggest lender Halifax , show a 0.9 % annual fall for April .
22 May
Swiss bank UBS , one of the worst affected by the credit crunch , launches a $ 15.5 bn rights issue to cover some of the $ 37bn it lost on assets linked to US mortgage debt .
25 June
Barclays announces plans to raise £ 4.5 bn in a share issue to bolster its balance sheet .
The Qatar Investment Authority , the state - owned investment arm of the Gulf state , will invest £ 1.7bn in the British bank , giving it a 7.7 % share in the business .
A number of other foreign investors increase their existing holdings .
MAJOR LENDERS ON THE EDGE
8 July
The gloomy findings of a survey of its members prompt the British Chambers of Commerce ( BCC ) to suggest that the UK is facing a serious risk of recession within months .
Meanwhile , the FTSE 100 stock index briefly dips into a " bear market " , in which the market suffers a 20 % fall from its recent highs .
The outlook is grim and we believe that the correction period is likely to be longer and nastier than expected
British Chambers of Commerce , 18 July 2008
Read the full story
14 July
Financial authorities step in to assist America's two largest lenders , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
As owners or guarantors of $ 5 trillion worth of home loans , they are crucial to the US housing market and authorities agree they could not be allowed to fail .
The previous week , there had been a panic amongst investors that they might collapse , causing their share prices to plummet .
21 July
Just 8 % of HBOS investors agree to take up the new shares offered in its £ 4bn rights issue , because they are priced higher than existing shares are trading on the stock market .
But HBOS still gets the £ 4bn it wanted , as the unsold new shares are bought by the issue 's underwriters .
28 August
Nationwide reveals that UK house prices have fallen by 10.5 % in a year .
A day later Bradford and Bingley posts losses of £ 26.7 m for the first half of 2008 , blaming surging mortgage arrears for a rise in impairment .
Looking ahead , it warned it expected arrears to remain at high levels for the rest of the year .
30 August
Chancellor Alistair Darling warns that the economy is facing its worst crisis for 60 years in an interview with the Guardian newspaper , saying the current downturn would be more " profound and long - lasting " than most had feared .
2 September
In an effort to kick - start the UK housing market the Treasury announces a one year rise in stamp duty exemption , from £ 125,000 to £ 175,000 .
5 September
A raft of negative news from around the world sees the FTSE notch up its steepest weekly decline since July 2002 .
The US labour market figures , which showed the unemployment rate rising to 6.1 % , were a further jolt to investors who have had to swallow a slew of poor economic data in recent days .
THE EYE OF THE STORM
7 September
Mortgage lenders Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac - which account for nearly half of the outstanding mortgages in the US - are rescued by the US government in one of the largest bailouts in US history .
Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson says the two firms ' debt levels posed a " systemic risk " to financial stability and that , without action , the situation would get worse .
10 September
Wall Street bank Lehman Brothers posts a loss of $ 3.9bn for the three months to August .
15 September
After days of searching frantically for a buyer , Lehman Brothers files for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , becoming the first major bank to collapse since the start of the credit crisis .
Former Federal Reserve chief Alan Greenspan dubs the situation as " probably a once in a century type of event " and warns that other major firms will also go bust .
Meanwhile , another US bank Merrill Lynch , also stung by the credit crunch , agrees to be taken over by Bank of America for $ 50bn .
16 September
The US Federal Reserve announces an $ 85 bn rescue package for AIG , the country 's biggest insurance company , to save it from bankruptcy .
AIG gets the loan in return for an 80 % stake in the firm .
17 September
Lloyds TSB announces it is to take over Britain 's biggest mortgage lender HBOS in a £ 12bn deal creating a banking giant holding close to one - third of the UK 's savings and mortgage market .
The deal follows a run on HBOS shares .
25 September
In the largest bank failure yet in the United States , Washington Mutual , the giant mortgage lender , which had assets valued at $ 307bn , is closed down by regulators and sold to JPMorgan Chase .
28 September
The credit crunch hits Europe 's banking sector as the European banking and insurance giant Fortis is partly nationalised to ensure its survival .
In the US , lawmakers announce they have reached a bipartisan agreement on a rescue plan for the American financial system .
The package , to be approved by Congress , allows the Treasury to spend up to $ 700 bn buying bad debts from ailing banks .
It will be the biggest intervention in the markets since the Great Depression of the 1930s .
29 September
In Britain , the mortgage lender Bradford & Bingley is nationalised .
The British government takes control of the bank's £ 50 bn mortgages and loans , while its savings operations and branches are sold to Spain 's Santander .
The Icelandic government takes control of the country 's third - largest bank , Glitnir , after the company faces short - term funding problems .
The US House of Representatives rejects a $ 700 bn rescue plan for the US financial system - sending shockwaves around the world .
It opens up new uncertainties about how banks will deal with their exposure to toxic loans and how credit markets can begin to operate more normally .
Wall Street shares plunge , with the Dow Jones index slumping 7 % or 770 points , a record one - day point fall .
30 September
Dexia becomes the latest European bank to be bailed out as the deepening credit crisis continues to shake the banking sector .
After all - night talks , the Belgian , French and Luxembourg governments say they will put in 6.4bn euros ( $ 9bn ; £ 5 bn ) to keep it afloat .
The Irish government says it will guarantee all deposits in the country 's main banks for two years .
THE FIGHTBACK
3 October
The US House of Representatives passes a $ 700 bn ( £ 394bn ) government plan to rescue the US financial sector .
The 263-171 vote is the second in a week , following its shock rejection of an earlier version on Monday .
The UK's City watchdog , the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) raises the limit of the amount of deposits that are guaranteed should a bank go bust to £ 50,000 .
6 October
Germany announces a 50bn euro ( $ 68bn ; £ 38.7 bn ) plan to save one of the country 's biggest banks
The deal to save Hypo Real Estate , reached with private banks , is worth 15 bn euros more than the first rescue attempt , which fell apart a day earlier .
Iceland announces part of a plan to shore up its troubled banking sector .
The country 's largest banks agree to sell some of their foreign assets .
7 October
The Icelandic government takes control of Landsbanki , the country 's second largest bank , which owns Icesave in the UK .
8 October
The UK government announces details of a rescue package for the banking system worth at least £ 50 bn ( $ 88 bn ) .
The government is also offering up to £ 200 bn ( $ 350 bn ) in short - term lending support .
The US Federal Reserve , European Central Bank ( ECB ) , Bank of England , and the central banks of Canada , Sweden and Switzerland make emergency interest rate cuts of half a percentage point .
The Fed cuts its base lending rate to 1.5 % , the ECB to 3.75 % , and the Bank of England to 4.5 % .
11 October
Finance ministers from leading industrialised nations pledge action to tackle the financial crisis .
The G7 nations issue a five - point plan of " decisive action " to unfreeze credit markets , after a meeting in Washington .
13 October
The UK government announces plans to pump billions of pounds of taxpayers ' money into three UK banks in one of the UK 's biggest nationalisations .
Royal Bank of Scotland ( RBS ) , Lloyds TSB and HBOS will have a total of £ 37bn injected into them .
The takeover of troubled US bank Wachovia by Well Fargo is approved by regulators .
Banking giant Citigroup had tried to block the move after it launched rival bid .
14 October
The US government unveils a $ 250 bn ( £ 143 bn ) plan to purchase stakes in a wide variety of banks in an effort to restore confidence in the sector .
President George W Bush says it will help to return stability to the US banking sector and ultimately help preserve free markets .
15 October
Figures for US retail sales in September show a fall of 1.2 % , the biggest monthly decline in more than three years , as hard - up consumers avoid the shops .
The figures underscore fears that the wider US economy is now being hit by the financial crisis .
The Dow Jones index falls 733 points or 7.87 % - its biggest percentage fall since 26 October 1987 .
24 October
The UK is on the brink of a recession according to figures released by the Office for National Statistics .
The economy shrank for the first time in 16 years between July and September , as economic growth fell by 0.5 % .
30 October
The Federal Reserve cuts its key interest rate from 1.5 % to 1 % .
The Commerce Department issues figures showing the US economy shrank at an annualised rate of 0.3 % between July and September .
CRISIS SPREADS
6 November
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) approves a $ 16.4bn loan to Ukraine to bolster its economy , shaken by global financial turmoil .
The Bank of England slashes interest rates from 4.5 % to 3 % - the lowest level since 1955 .
The European Central Bank lowers eurozone rates to 3.25 % from 3.75 % .
9 November
China sets out a two - year $ 586bn economic stimulus package to help boost the economy by investing in infrastructure and social projects , and by cutting corporate taxes .
12 November
US Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson says the government has abandoned plans to use some of the $ 700 bn bail - out money to buy up banks ' bad debts and decided instead to concentrate on improving the flow of credit for the US consumer .
14 November
The eurozone officially slips into recession after EU figures show that the economy shrank by 0.2 % in the third quarter .
Leaders of the G20 developed and emerging economies gather in Washington to discuss ways to contain the financial crisis and agree on longer - term reforms .
20 November
The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) approves a $ 2.1 bn ( £ 1.4bn ) loan for Iceland , after the country 's banking system collapsed in October .
It is the first IMF loan for a Western European nation since 1976 .
23 November
The US government announces a $ 20 bn ( £ 13.4 bn ) rescue plan for troubled banking giant Citigroup after its shares plunge by more than 60 % in a week .
24 November
The UK government announces a temporary cut in the level of VAT - to 15 % from 17.5 % - in its pre-Budget report .
Chancellor Alistair Darling also says government borrowing will rise to record levels , but defends the move as essential to save the UK from a deep and long - lasting recession .
25 November
The US Federal Reserve announces it will inject another $ 800bn into the economy in a further effort to stabilise the financial system and encourage lending .
About $ 600 bn will be used to buy up mortgage - backed securities while $ 200bn is being targeted at unfreezing the consumer credit market .
26 November
The European Commission unveils an economic recovery plan worth 200bn euros which it hopes will save millions of European jobs .
The scheme aims to stimulate spending and boost consumer confidence .
INTO RECESSION
1 December
The US recession is officially declared by the National Bureau of Economic Research , a leading panel including economists from Stanford , Harvard and MIT .
The committee concludes that the US economy started to contract in December 2007 .
4 December
French President Nicolas Sarkozy unveils a 26bn euro stimulus plan to help France fend off financial crisis , with money to be spent on public sector investments and loans for the country 's troubled carmakers .
11 December
Bank of America announces up to 35,000 job losses over three years following its takeover of Merrill Lynch .
It says the cuts will be spread across both businesses .
The European Central Bank , as well as central banks in the UK , Sweden and Denmark , slash interest rates again .
NEXT VICTIM : CAR INDUSTRY
16 December
The US Federal Reserve slashes its key interest rate from 1 % to a range of zero to 0.25 % - the lowest since records began .
19 December
President George W Bush says the US government will use up to $ 17.4bn of the $ 700 bn meant for the banking sector to help the Big Three US carmakers , General Motors , Ford and Chrysler .
29 December
The US Treasury unveils a $ 6bn bail - out for GMAC , the car - loan arm of General Motors .
31 December
The FTSE 100 closes down 31.3 % since the beginning of 2008 - the biggest annual fall in the 24 years since the index was started .
The Dax in Frankfurt lost 40.4 % over the year while the Cac 40 in Paris dropped 42.7 % .
GLOOM DEEPENS
5 January
US President - elect Barack Obama describes America 's economy as " very sick " and says that the situation is worsening .
8 January
The Bank of England cuts interest rates to 1.5 % , the lowest level in its 315 - year history , as it continues efforts to aid an economic recovery in the UK .
9 January
Official figures show the US jobless rate rose to 7.2 % in December , the highest in 16 years .
The figures also indicate that more US workers lost jobs in 2008 than in any year since World War II .
13 January
China 's exports register their biggest decline in a decade .
German Chancellor Angela Merkel unveils an economic stimulus package worth about 50bn euros ( $ 67bn ; £ 45 bn ) to kick - start Europe 's largest economy .
14 January
The UK government unveils a plan to guarantee up to £ 20bn of loans to small and medium - sized firms , to help them survive the downturn .
US Commerce Department figures show retail sales fell by more than expected in December , as shoppers cut back on spending over the Christmas period .
The news prompts big falls in share prices in the US and Europe .
15 January
The European Central Bank ( ECB ) cuts eurozone interest rates by half a percentage point to 2 % .
The ECB has now reduced rates four times from 4.25 % in September as it continues efforts to bolster the eurozone economy .
The Irish government says it is to nationalise the Anglo Irish Bank after deciding pumping money into the lender was not enough to secure its future .
16 January
The US government reaches an agreement to provide Bank of America with another $ 20bn in fresh aid from its $ 700 bn financial rescue fund .
The emergency funding will help the troubled bank absorb the losses it incurred when it bought Merrill Lynch .
Struggling US banking giant Citigroup announces plans to split the firm in two , as it reports a quarterly loss of $ 8.29 bn ( £ 5.6bn ) .
23 January
The UK has officially entered a recession as fourth quarter GDP falls by 1.5 % compared to the previous three months .
24 January
President Obama pledges that his economic recovery package will be at the centrepiece of his administration .
Mr Obama says that 80 % of the spending will take place within 18 months .
28 January
World economic growth is set to fall to just 0.5 % this year , its lowest rate since World War II , warns the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .
It now projects the UK will see its economy shrink by 2.8 % next year , the worst contraction among advanced nations .
The International Labour Organization said that as many as 51 million jobs worldwide could be lost this year because of the global economic crisis .
5 February
The Bank of England cuts interest rates to a record low of 1 % from 1.5 % - the fifth interest rate cut since October .
10 February
The former bosses of the two biggest UK casualties of the banking crisis - RBS and HBOS - apologise " profoundly and unreservedly " for their banks ' failure .
SPENDING OUR WAY OUT OF RECESSION
17 February
US President Barack Obama signs his $ 787bn ( £ 548 bn ) economic stimulus plan into law , calling it " the most sweeping recovery package in our history " .
The plan is aimed at saving or creating 3.5 million jobs and boosting consumer spending and rebuilding infrastructure .
2 March
Insurance giant AIG reports the largest quarterly loss in US corporate history of $ 61.7 bn ( £ 43 bn ) in the final three months of 2008 .
The firm is also to receive an extra $ 30bn from the US government as part of a revamped rescue package .
Meanwhile , HSBC confirms it is seeking to raise £ 12.5 bn ( $ 17.7bn ) from shareholders through a UK rights issue .
The news came as HSBC revealed pre-tax profits for 2008 of $ 9.3 bn ( £ 6.5 bn ) , down 62 % on the previous year .
14 March
Finance ministers from the G20 group of rich and emerging nations have pledged to make a " sustained effort " to pull the world economy out of recession .
The main summit takes place in London in April .
18 March
The US Federal Reserve says it will buy almost $ 1.2 trillion ( £ 843 bn ) worth of debt to help boost lending and promote economic recovery .
2 April
Leaders of the world 's largest economies reach an agreement at the G20 summit in London to tackle the global financial crisis with measures worth $ 1.1 trillion ( £ 681bn ) .
22 April
The IMF raises its forecast of total financial sector writedowns to $ 4 trillion .
It says in its Global Stability Report that only $ 1 trillion has been written down so far , and that almost half the exposure is outside the US .
22 April
The UK reveals its most pessimistic Budget forecast yet .
Chancellor Alistair Darling says the UK economy will shrink by 3.5 % in 2009 and predicts a £ 175 bn budget deficit amounting to more than 10 % of GDP .
SIGNS OF RECOVERY , SIGNS OF COLLAPSE
1 May
One of the " big three " US carmakers , Chrysler , enters bankruptcy protection after pressure from the US government .
The majority of its assets are to be sold to Fiat .
1 May
Bankers made " an astonishing mess " of the financial system , the UK Treasury Committee says .
The effects of the banking crisis will be felt for generations , the MPs warned .
4 May
EU economies will shrink by 4 % in 2009 , the European Commission has forecast in its bleakest forecast to date .
It also says unemployment will rise to 10.9 % .
8 May
Ten of the biggest US banks have failed their stress tests and need fresh capital the US Treasury has said .
It says they need to raise an additional $ 74.6bn , with the Bank of America the most exposed .
1 June
The world 's largest carmaker , GM , enters bankruptcy protection after bondholders agree to a deal that means they lose 90 % of their money .
The US government loans the company an additional $ 50bn .
9 June
UK unemployment rate rises to 7.1 % with 2.22 million people out of work in the first three months of 2009 , the ONS says .
10 June
Global oil consumption fell for the first time since 1993 in 2008 , according to BP 's global energy outlook , in another sign of the depth of the recession .
10 June
Ten of the largest US banks say they will be able to repay the US Treasury the money they were lent under the TARP bail - out in October .
The banks would have faced restrictions on executive pay .
11 June
Japan 's economy contracted at an annualised rate of 14.2 % in the first three months of 2009 , a record rate of decline .
17 June
The US government announces a major reform of banking regulation to prevent future financial crises .
President Barack Obama describes it as the biggest shake - up of the US system of financial scrutiny since the 1930s .
24 June
The Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development says the world economy is near the bottom of the worst recession in post - war history , predicting that the 30 most industrialised nations will see negative growth of 4.1 % this year .
10 July
General Motors says it has emerged from bankruptcy protection after creating a " new GM " made up of the carmaker 's best assets .
The leaner GM will own four key brands including Cadillac and will be 61 % owned by the US government .
14 July
US bank Goldman Sachs beats analysts ' forecasts with a net profit of $ 3.44bn ( £ 2.1 bn ) for April to June .
It says it has set aside $ 6.65 bn for pay and bonuses in the quarter .
Several - but not all - other US banks subsequently announce big profits .
However , analysts warn that the US banking crisis is not yet over .
15 July
UK unemployment rose by a record 281,000 to 2.38 million in the three months to May , the Office for National Statistics says .
The jobless rate increased to 7.6 % , the highest in more than 10 years .
16 July
China 's economy grew at an annual rate of 7.9 % between April and June , up from 6.1 % in the first quarter , thanks to the government 's big stimulus package .
Beijing now expects China to achieve 8 % growth for 2009 as a whole .
24 July
The UK economy contracted 0.8 % between April and June , more than double the figure economists had expected .
The latest figures take the annual rate of decline to 5.6 % , the biggest fall since records began in 1955 .
3 August
Barclays announces an 8 % rise in first - half profits , boosted by its investment banking division .
In subsequent days , as other UK banks announce their results for the period , a mixed picture emerges .
That ’s the advice from a beautifully - executed campaign from Denver Water , right here in my own backyard of Colorado .
The campaign ( created by Sukle Advertising + Design , a very smart , strategic ad agency ) is simple and effective , using guerrilla marketing to hammer the message home .
But it ’s not just good advice for water ; I think it ’s a strong message for all consumers .
It was a moment of clarity for me when I was picking up a Red Box DVD at my local McDonald ’s and saw a guy grab maybe 20 napkins and shove them into his take - out bag .
I had seen the Denver Water billboard earlier that day , and the two just slammed together in my head .
“ Use only what you need ! ” I was shouting at him in my head .
Of course , if I ’d said that out loud I would have risked spending a few nights in traction , so I did what most of us do … I kept quiet .
20 napkins to eat a cheeseburger and fries ?
Did this guy have a serious eating disorder that caused him to spill most of the food from his mouth ?
I ca n’t imagine why anyone would need more than a couple of napkins ( parents of young children excepted , I know what kind of a mess they can make ) .
So , I started looking around the rest of the fast - food eatery .
People were grabbing handfuls of ketchup packets , using two or three and throwing the rest in the trash .
Sodas were refilled to the top , and thrown away half full .
This was all just from one McD’s .
Over the next few weeks , I saw the wasteful nature of our society everywhere I looked .
In bathrooms guys were grabbing six or seven paper towels to dry their hands .
At a local buffet I saw mountains of food left on plates .
It was all thrown away .
Ironically , a sign near the buffet said “ take all that you want but not more than you need . ”
I guess people ignored the second half of that message .
And peering into garbage cans on the street , I was amazed at how much half - eaten food was thrown into the trash .
I have a bucket of Halloween candy on my desk that could feed a small army .
I always buy too much , every single year .
Will I ever learn ?
A lot of it will go off before it ’s eaten .
That also goes for bulk - buying at the warehouse stores .
Buy only what you need , you do n’t want to have a mountain of buns or granola bars if half of them go stale before you can eat them .
As I trawled through Craigslist , I saw people giving away all sorts of stuff they had bought too much of , including household paint and driveway gravel .
( At least other people were getting use out of this stuff though , which is great .
Recycling rules . )
I ’m guilty , too .
At work , we throw away reams and reams of paper each day due to mistakes , or more often than that , printouts for 10 people that are thrown away after a 30 - minute meeting .
In this day and age of electronic everything , we really need to be thinking about more efficient , and less wasteful , ways to conduct our daily business .
At home , I also found myself being wasteful without even realizing it .
Take something simple , like Mac ’ N’ Cheese .
I made a box for my girls knowing that they would both leave some at the end of the meal .
It was laziness on my part .
And that ’s no excuse at all .
A phrase like “ use only what you need ” should be good advice for all of us , ingrained from a small age until the day we die .
If we all follow that advice , think of the savings we ’d make as a society ; savings that could be passed on to us , the customer .
So give a thought to anything and everything you consume over the next few weeks , from a simple printout at work to a whole meal for your family .
Use only what you need ; take only what you need ; buy only what you need .
Nothing more .
A personal injury case is one in which a person has been injured , disabled , maimed , or killed due to someone else ’s fault .
The law has a special adjective for someone whose carelessness has caused harm to someone else — negligent .
Negligence is doing something someone should not have done that harmed someone else or not doing something he or she should have done that caused harm to another .
If such carelessness by someone else causes damage to your car only , that ’s called a “ property damage ” claim .
If someone ’s negligence causes another person ’s death , that ’s called “ wrongful death . ”
Each state ’s laws differ significantly regarding what can be recovered in a wrongful death case .
You need an attorney who understands the specialized wrongful death law in Tennessee .
Negligence takes many forms .
If you ’ve been hurt by someone else ’s fault , you have a personal injury claim .
The law gives you special rights ( and responsibilities ) .
What are they ?
Read on .
How Will My Medical Bills Be Paid ?
The bills are piling up , and they are n’t tiny amounts .
You know before long the bill collectors will start calling .
You ’ve worked hard to establish good credit , but now , through no fault of your own , you ’re in danger of losing what you have worked so hard to get .
What should you do ?
First of all , find out all forms of insurance you have available .
If you have health care coverage through a provider ( Blue Cross , Cigna , and so on ) , that ’s a good start .
If your employer provides this coverage , you ’ll need to find out if this is an ERISA Plan ( Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 ) .
An ERISA Plan is more of a loan than an insurance plan .
It often has harsh repayment rules you need to be aware of early on in your case .
What they do n’t tell you is that this area of law , known as reimbursement or subrogation , is very complicated , but a good personal injury attorney will figure out the implications of ERISA in your case .
You also may have a form of government - assisted health care .
What you may not be aware of is whether you have medical payments ( i.e. , MedPay ) coverage on your car .
People forget what they have on their auto policies .
If you were hurt when you were a passenger in someone else ’s car , you ’d need to find out how much MedPay the driver had .
You may also have uninsured motorists coverage ( UM ) coverage on your car , or the driver of the car you were in as a passenger might have UM coverage .
Of course , you also have liability coverage available through the insurance company of the driver who hit you .
So who should pay and why ?
Here ’s what I suggest .
Your primary health coverage should pay first .
You should give the ER , orthopedic doctors , neurologists , and physical therapists your insurance information first .
You might say , “ I do n’t want my insurance company paying these costs . ”
I say , “ Yes you do . ”
One of the benefits of using your coverage is that the carrier has most likely already worked a reduction into the charge so you ’ll get the benefit of a reduced charge .
They ’ll be paid back , and they will usually negotiate down the charges that will need to be paid back ( unless it ’s an ERISA lien ) .
Using your health care coverage will usually not cause your rates to increase .
Your claims will be paid , collectors will be off your back , and your credit should remain good .
And you ’ll get some temporary stress relief that you need anyway while your recover from your injuries .
( Note that many chiropractors will not accept health care coverage as their reimbursement rates are unreasonably low . )
If you have MedPay coverage , I suggest you ask your med pay carrier to make no payments to any medical providers .
You are going to need that money to reimburse you directly to cover your out - of - pocket expenses , co-pays , prescriptions , heating pads , and so on .
If you see a chiropractor and have sufficient MedPay coverage , it can cover these costs while you ’re being treated .
Liens .
Hospitals can file a formal lien in the court in the county in which you live as well as where the provider is located .
They may have a lien posted that you ’re unaware of .
Do n’t ever think you can accept a settlement and run out of town .
These liens bind you , and you ’ll be found sooner or later .
A knowledgeable attorney will watch out for you in this regard .
It can still get tricky , and you have to know where to look to see if a lien exists .
The hospitals are not required to send you notice of a lien directly .
You can find out by calling the circuit court clerk in the county in which you live and the circuit court clerk in the county where the doctor or hospital is .
Some doctors and chiropractors will treat on liens .
This is not a formally filed lien but more of a contract that requires you to pay up the remaining balance at the end of the case .
Your attorney will want to review any documents you sign with any medical provider to make sure your balances are covered at the end of your case .
There ’s nothing more frustrating than thinking your case is over only to find out you owe a hospital or doctor a large sum of money that should have been paid earlier but that money is gone .
Do n’t let this happen .
At the end of the case , the liability carrier will hopefully have paid enough money for all your claims , but some carriers make one payment for everything at the very end — no piecemeal payments in the meantime .
As I mentioned earlier , they can make partial payments , but they do n’t like doing that .
They ’d rather starve you out and make you weak and willing to beg for scraps so they can save money .
They do so because they can .
They do n’t want to pay anything that they ultimately would n’t legally be forced to pay ( even if it was the right thing to do ) .
Remember their stated goal : to make more money by giving out less .
So before you settle your case , you need to understand that the insurance company is including all costs of medical bills as a part of your settlement .
This money will have to be paid back to your health insurance company that paid the benefits .
Many people find this out the hard way whenever they settle their claim and later get sued by Cigna for not paying them their medical bills back .
Know your total exposure .
Do n’t let this happen to you .
What Is My Personal Injury Case Worth ?
The two main factors in determining the worth of a personal injury case are
liability ; and
harms and losses incurred as a result .
Liability is listed first for a reason : if you ’re injured in an accident for which you are at fault in Tennessee , you cannot recover any money for your injuries .
You might “ share ” some fault with , say , the other driver ( perhaps you both may have been making illegal turns ) , but if the court decides your share of the blame for the accident exceeds 50 percent , you cannot recover .
Who decides if you are at fault and what percentage of the fault is yours ?
In most cases , a jury does , not an insurance adjuster .
If an adjuster tells you that you bear 10 percent of the fault because you were speeding , do n’t accept that as gospel .
They are not the boss ( although they think they are ! ) .
Never let insurance adjusters give you advice on any aspect of your case .
They ’re not trying to be fair ; they ’re trying to save their companies money .
Their “ decisions ” are not final .
What if you are partially at fault for causing the wreck but not more than 50 percent ?
The answer can get complicated , but it comes down to this : if it ’s determined you were 25 percent at fault , for example , you will receive 75 % of any judgment rendered .
Damages — Economic and Noneconomic
The second part of a personal injury claim is the harms and losses — called damages — you have sustained .
Damages are further subdivided into economic and noneconomic categories .
Economic damages include things that have specific price tags such as medical bills , lost wages , future lost ability to earn a living , mileage charges , out - of - pocket expenses , housecleaning ( if you ’ve been disabled and need such help ) , and future medical bills to mention just a few .
Economic damages include any reasonable expense you have incurred because of the injury you sustained .
Let me emphasize the word reasonable ; there ’s a whole issue of credibility here that I ’ll go into later .
Noneconomic damages are physical and mental harms .
This includes the oft - overused term “ pain and suffering ” ( in the past and the future ) , “ permanent injury / scarring , ” and “ loss of enjoyment of life ” ( the past and future ) .
These harms include pain , agony , disability , inconvenience , and mental anguish , but because of their subjective nature , it ’s hard to put a dollar figure on them .
A jury is allowed to award money for these types of harms , but because such injuries vary from case to case , it ’s up to the jury to come up with a reasonable figure .
This is where a good attorney will make all the difference in the world for you .
Economic damages can be determined by adding up the dollar loss .
But because there is no formula for determining noneconomic damages and because there ’s no way of knowing if a jury would agree with even a good - faith estimate , there ’s no way any lawyer could tell you your case is worth this much or that much money .
Treat any lawyer who says they know exactly what your case is worth with suspicion .
I have tried the same case twice and received different outcomes .
There ’s no such formula such as twice or three times the medical bills ; each case is treated on its own merits .
I ’ve handled soft - tissue cases ( no broken bones but definite muscle pain ) with $ 50,000 in medicals that might not be worth too much more than that .
On the flip side , I ’ve handled cases involving blindness worth millions that had under $ 10,000 in medical bills .
You have to focus not only on the harm but also on how that harm will affect the injured person for the remainder of his or her life .
How Quick Settlements Can Be Dangerous
Except in wrongful death cases , you cannot always tell the value of a case early on .
What if you have a neck injury that ’s causing numbness in your arm and hand ?
It might take some time , but you might recover fully .
On the other hand , the pain could get worse and cause weakness in your arms to the point you have difficulty picking up even a coffee cup .
You may end up requiring surgery that will cost $ 50,000 in the future , and you ’ll have to listen to a doctor tell you that you run the small but real chance of dying during surgery .
You may have to have hardware permanently installed in your neck and have your neck vertebrae fused .
You only get one shot , my friends .
You can not come back five years later and get one penny more .
Make sure you are careful now in your evaluation of all relevant factors .
Those two types of claims are worth vastly different sums of money because in one case , you recover fully , but in the other , you might face neck - fusion surgery that could lead to significant permanent impairment .
Will an insurance claims adjuster allow you some money for potential future pain and the consequences of surgery ?
Is that possibility of harm being taken into account when a settlement is offered ?
What about the probability of post - traumatic arthritis that would n’t hit you until five or ten years down the road ?
What about new technology in the future that might help you ?
If you do n’t ask yourself and the adjuster certain questions now , it will be too late when the problems arise .
When you do receive your settlement , be very careful what you accept .
Especially if the settlement comes quickly .
The insurance agency wants to settle for the least amount it can .
Remember that .
When they do pay out it will be in the form of a structured settlement .
Possibly in the future , you will want to take a cash dispersal of your payments .
Before you proceed in this option , it would be wise for you to do research on the top rated structured settlement companies to ensure that you are not getting ripped off .
Collapsing antarctic ice sheets , which have become potent symbols of global warming , may actually turn out to help in the battle against climate change and soaring carbon emissions .
Professor Rob Raiswell , a geologist at the University of Leeds , says that as the sheets break off the ice covering the continent , floating icebergs are produced that gouge minerals from the bedrock as they make their way to the sea .
Raiswell believes that the accumulated frozen mud could breathe life into the icy waters around Antarctica , triggering a large , natural removal of carbon dioxide from the atmosphere .
And as rising temperatures cause the ice sheets to break up faster , creating more icebergs , the amount of carbon dioxide removed will also rise .
Raiswell says : '
It wo n't solve the problem , but it might buy us some time . '
As the icebergs drift northwards , they sprinkle the minerals through the ocean .
Among these minerals , Raiswell 's research shows , are iron compounds that can fertilise large - scale growth of photosynthetic plankton , which take in carbon dioxide from the air as they flourish .
According to his calculations , melting Antarctic icebergs already deposit up to 120,000 tonnes of this ' bioavailable ' iron into the Southern Ocean each year , enough to grow sufficient plankton to remove some 2.6 billion tonnes of carbon dioxide , equivalent to the annual carbon pollution of India and Japan .
A 1 per cent increase in the number of icebergs in the Southern Ocean could remove an extra 26 million tonnes of CO2 , equivalent to the annual emissions of Croatia .
Raiswell , a Leverhulme Emeritus Fellow , said : ' We see the rapid ice loss in Antarctica as one obvious sign of climate warming , but could it be the Earth 's attempt to save us from global warming ? '
He added that the effect had not been discovered before because scientists assumed that the iron in the iceberg sediment was inert and could not be used by plankton .
In a paper published in the journal Geochemical Transactions , Raiswell and colleagues at the University of Bristol and the University of California describe how they chipped samples off four Antarctic icebergs blown ashore on Seymour island by a storm in the Weddell Sea .
They found that they contained grains of ferrihydrite and schwertmannite , two iron minerals that could boost plankton growth .
' These are the first measurements of potentially bioavailable iron on Antarctic ice - hosted sediments , ' they write .
' Identifying icebergs as a significant source of bioavailable iron may shed new light on how the oceans respond to atmospheric warming .'
No rivers flow into the Southern Ocean and the only previously identified major source of iron for its anaemic waters is dust blown from South America .
The team says that icebergs could deliver at least as much iron as the dust .
A key question is how much of the carbon soaked up by the growing plankton is returned to the atmosphere .
' We simply do n't know the answer to that , ' Raiswell said .
Seeding the oceans with iron will only benefit the climate if the plankton sink to the bottom when they die , taking the carbon with them .
David Vaughan , a glaciologist with the British Antarctic Survey , said : ' It 's a very interesting new line of research and one that should be looked at in more detail . '
He said the number of icebergs in the Antarctic was expected to rise by about 20 per cent by the end of the century , which could remove an extra 500 million tonnes of carbon dioxide each year , if they all seeded plankton growth .
The nomination of retired Army Chief Gen. Eric Shinseki to be secretary of veterans affairs is widely seen as an appointment with a message , since Shinseki ran afoul of former Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld .
But CNN Senior Pentagon Correspondent Jamie McIntyre has the inside story of how Shinseki 's reputation as a " truth - teller " has been burnished beyond what the facts support .
Retired Gen. Eric Shinseki on Sunday promised to work for veterans " each and every day . "
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
In fairness to Gen. Eric Shinseki , he 's never said " I told you so . "
But many others have elevated his now - famous February 2003 testimony to the level of Scripture .
Shinseki was right , they say , when he told the Senate Armed Services Committee a month before the invasion that something on the order " several hundred thousand troops " would be necessary to keep order in a post- invasion Iraq .
At the time , that observation drew loud scoffs from then - Defense Secretary Donald Rumsfeld and from his deputy , Paul Wolfowitz , who dismissed the prediction as " wildly off the mark . "
Still , Shinseki was n't advocating 300,000 troops be dispatched into Iraq .
In fact , he said specifically that the forces mobilized in the region to that point were probably enough , and he made it clear he would have defer to the combatant commander , Gen. Tommy Franks .
" I would have to rely on combatant commanders ' exact requirements , " he said .
But pressed by Sen. Carl Levin , D - Michigan , to make an off - the - cuff guesstimate , Shinseki said " it would take a significant ground force . "
An appealing narrative
Since that day , critics of the war have lauded Shinseki 's prescience and his willingness to speak truth to power .
Watch : Obama nominates Shinseki to top Veterans Affairs post »
" Here was a career officer who had valuable insights who was shunted aside by arrogant civilians , " University of Michigan history professor Juan Cole is quoted as saying in Sunday 's Washington Post .
" When he had his disagreements with the administration , he was n't afraid to speak up , " Vietnam Veterans of America 's John Rowan told CNN on hearing of the nomination .
It 's an appealing narrative , but the facts as we know them are not nearly so complimentary to the retired Army chief .
You see , Shinseki never made any recommendation for more troops for Iraq .
In fact , as Army chief of staff , it was n't really part of his job to take part in direct war planning .
But as a member of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , he did owe the president his best military advice .
And if he felt strongly enough that the advice was not being taken , he could have resigned .
According to senior military officers who were in the pre-war meetings , Shinseki never objected to the war plans , and he did n't press for any changes .
When the joint chiefs were asked point - blank by then - Chairman Gen .
Richard Meyers if they had any concerns about the plans before they went to the president , Shinseki kept silent .
He kept his counsel
But Shinseki was a very private leader who did media briefings only when ordered to and rarely gave interviews .
If he had concerns about the Iraq war plans , he kept them to himself .
He admitted as much in a rare e-mail exchange with Newsweek magazine in 2006 .
Asked to respond to the criticism that he failed to push to stop Rumsfeld from going into Iraq with too few troops , he told the magazine , " Probably that 's fair .
Not my style . "
Knowing his opinions were not particularly welcome , Shinseki kept his mouth shut .
In that sense , he was " marginalized , " as some say .
And it 's true that in retrospect , many U.S. commanders believe there should have been more troops sent to Iraq , even though it 's far from clear that would have prevented the insurgency and sectarian violence that the Pentagon failed to anticipate .
But the idea that Shinseki was a strong advocate for a bigger force and that no one listened vastly overstates his role .
It 's one of those Washington myths that are almost impossible to dispel -- like the popular misconception that Shinseki was fired for standing up to Rumsfeld .
That myth is so pervasive , the authoritative Associated Press repeated it again Saturday night , saying " Shinseki was removed from [ his ] post after challenging the Bush administration . "
He did not stand up to Rumsfeld , nor was he fired .
There 's no question that Shinseki was on the outs with his civilian bosses , especially Rumsfeld .
Shinseki ordered that all soldiers wear black berets , a move that infuriated the special forces community , for whom the berets were a badge signifying their elite status .
Rumsfeld , according to aides , was particularly miffed that Shinseki spent so much effort changing the Army 's head gear , when the nation was at war .
He retired after serving a full four years as chief at a ceremony in 2003 that neither Rumsfeld nor Wolfowitz attended .
A man of principle
In announcing Shinseki 's selection as secretary of veterans affairs , President - elect Barack Obama called him someone who " always stood on principle . "
" No one will ever doubt that this former Army chief of staff has the courage to stand up for our troops and our veterans , " he said .
In applauding the selection , Brandon Friedman , vice chairman of VoteVets.org , said , " If there are two things everyone knows about Gen .
Shinseki , they are that he always thinks ahead to what needs may be down the road , and is not afraid to strongly speak his mind to the president of the United States . "
Now that Shinseki is working for someone who believes in him , that could well turn out to be true -- no matter how much he kept his counsel to himself in the past .
All About U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs • Donald H. Rumsfeld • U.S. Armed Forces Activities • Iraq
On December 26th , 2004 I was flying from Saigon , Vietnam to Bangkok , Thailand .
I had been covering the AIDS epidemic as well as poverty and urban slums for the past two months from both Cambodia and Vietnam and was looking forward to a week of down time with friends .
The Asian Tsunami struck only moments before my plane landed in Bangkok and I was on one of the first flights to Phuket the next day .
I covered the devastation from both Thailand and Sri Lanka during the following weeks .
As an ex disaster specialist I still had many friends working in the filed all over the world at that time and in the year following the Tsunami I kept in close contact with them .
Only months after the Tsunami struck , I began to hear stories , as I expected , of how western money coupled with the tourism industry was rebuilding Thailand with record speed while Sri Lanka and Banda Aceh , Indonesia were left with few resources .
Slightly ahead of the one year anniversary of the Asian Tsunami , I decided to return to Thailand where I re-shot each image taken the year before from the exact same angle at nearly the same time of day .
Unfortunately I was not able to get the funding necessary to do the same comparison project in Sri Lanka .
It was another example demand and marketing concerns dictating what news reaches the public , and at the time my resources were limited by what editors and publications would pay me to shoot , as I had not yet discovered independent journalism .
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
© Zoriah/www.zoriah.com : blog use permitted : use credit : link to zoriah.com : permalink to this post
Post Script :
The important events and issues I cover are n't always the subjects that sell to corporate media .
These human stories need your support and funding to be told .
The cost to produce this work is substantial and I can not continue to do this without your support .
Please consider a subscription of $ 25 per month to help insure I can continue my work :
If you prefer , you can also make a one time donation .
If you prefer , you can also make a one time donation .
Other payment options and subscription levels are available on the donate page on zoriah.com :
Other payment options and subscription levels are available on the donate page on zoriah.com :
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
The White House has shelved plans to purchase troubled mortgage assets from banks and other financial institutions , Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said Wednesday .
That program was once the cornerstone of the $ 700 billion rescue plan for financial markets passed by Congress .
But almost as soon as Treasury received the money , it decided that giving capital to banks in return for preferred stock is a better use of the funds .
Some of the money saved from not buying mortgage assets will now be used to shore - up the market for credit card receivables , auto loans and student loans , Paulson said .
This market has ground to a halt , he added .
Treasury would also consider giving some capital to non-bank financial institutions .
Proposals to modify mortgages remain on the table , Paulson said .
The cost of these programs will be substantial .
Paulson 's remarks came in a lengthy update of the government rescue plan .
He defended the steps taken to date , and there are signs of improvements in markets .
But in the next breath , he said the financial system remains fragile and the focus must be recovery and repair .
Microsoft Games published Crackdown selling 1.5 million copies pretty much guarantees a sequel .
If that does n't , then two Microsoft execs talking about how they 'd like Crackdown 2 should .
Advertisement
In a recent Major Nelson podcast , Xbox Live ’s director of programming , Larry Hryb said , " I 'm here to tell you on behalf of the community , I want — we need — another Crackdown ...
That ’s all I 'm going to say , so you do n’t have to confirm for deny anything .
I 'm just saying we want it . "
To which Microsoft Game Studios boss Phil Spencer replied , " Yes , Crackdown 's one of my favorites .
I 'll leave it at that . ”
Advertisement
Does this really surprise anyone ?
Does it ?
It should n't .
Show # 301 : Phil Spencer , Keiichi Yano , Jerry Johnson and Seth Killian [ Major Nelson via VG247 ]
AARP , the advocacy group for older Americans , said Friday it would voluntarily suspend sales of a type of health insurance plan critics say leaves policyholders vulnerable to tens of thousands of dollars in costs .
Suspension of sales will occur " as soon as possible " and last until AARP completes an independent review of the plans their marketing efforts , the group said .
BETTER LIFE : More on senior health issues
The AARP plans came under scrutiny this week when Sen. Chuck Grassley , R - Iowa , sent a detailed letter to AARP CEO Bill Novelli demanding answers to dozens of questions about the plans , which cover up to 1 million policyholders nationwide .
" Insurance is supposed to limit your exposure to the potentially high cost of a serious illness and these plans do the opposite , " Grassley told USA TODAY on Monday .
The sales suspension and review comes in response to Grassley 's concerns , AARP said Friday .
" We have extremely high standards for the provider products that carry the AARP name , " Novelli said in a written statement .
Grassley called AARP 's action a " step in the right direction . "
But he is still concerned that people who bought the plans may not fully understand their coverage .
" The AARP needs to do right by the more than 1 million people who may have bought this AARP product because of the misleading marketing , " Grassley said in a written statement .
AARP sells the plans , which are backed by UnitedHealth Group , mainly among people ages 50 to 64 .
Such plans are dubbed " limited benefit " policies because they set specific limits on how much the plan will pay per day , year or procedure rather than paying a percentage of total costs , as more traditional coverage provides .
Such policies are a small but growing segment of the market and are sold by many insurers .
They appeal to people on tight budgets because their premiums are generally lower than more traditional insurance .
But the plans cap what insurers pay toward medical care and have no cap on how much policyholders may owe .
AARP offers several types of limited benefit insurance , but Grassley 's concern initially focused on two : Essential Plus Health Insurance and Medical Advantage Plan .
AARP says about 44,000 people are enrolled in those two plans — out of 1 million in all AARP limited benefit plans .
The plans pay a few hundred dollars to $ 10,000 toward surgery costs , depending on the type of surgery .
None of the plans cover the first day of hospital care .
They pay $ 50 to $ 75 toward a doctor office visits .
Policyholders pay the difference between what the plan pays and what the doctor or hospital fees total .
AARP also sells other insurance products , including a major medical plan similar to those offered by employers , supplemental Medicare insurance and Medicare drug benefit plans .
None of those are part of Grassley 's inquiry .
Baby girl born to world 's first ovary transplant woman
Pioneer : Dr Sherman Silber , who carried out the procedure , says the ovary transplant woman gave birth to a baby girl today
A woman gave birth to a baby girl last night after undergoing the world 's first successful full ovary transplant .
The birth in London was made possible by her identical twin sister donating an ovary .
Dr Sherman Silber , who performed the transplant , said last night : ' I just got a phone call a few hours ago from the mother 's doctor telling me she had given birth to a girl weighing 7lb 15oz .
' I 've been excited about this for some time as I 've known from ultrasound tests that the baby was completely normal .
Then when the baby was delivered it was an added thrill .
There is a beating heart and a crying baby .
It 's all a thrill . '
The 39 - year - old German - born mother , who is married to a Briton , was said to be ' overjoyed ' .
She became infertile when her ovaries failed at the age of 15 .
Her transplant opens the door to women putting off having children into their 40s and beyond , said Dr Silber .
He said having an ovary frozen for future use for social reasons was a ' realistic option ' and could be a solution to fertility problems caused by delayed motherhood among career women .
Women who did this in their 20s could look forward to the best of all worlds and would have their own young eggs in storage that were superior to donor eggs .
' It 's very realistic , ' said Dr Silber , who addressed the American Society for Reproductive Medicine conference in San Francisco yesterday .
' Women can always have egg donation but this is so much nicer and more convenient if it 's safe .
A young ovary can be transplanted back at any time and it will extend fertility and delay the menopause .
You could even wait until you were 47 . '
Dr Silber added : ' The critical pay - off is the ability to remove the ovary and put it back again after storing it for ten to 20 years . '
Another advantage is that IVF is not needed once the ovary kicks in , just a ' happy healthy sex life ' , he said .
Dr Silber , who practises at the Infertility Centre of St Louis , Missouri , claimed transplants of ovaries - which contain a woman 's stock of eggs - could be a solution to worldwide fertility problems .
Many benefits :
In addition to pregnancy , ovary transplant patients benefit from the hormones produced by the new organ
He said : ' We are in the midst of an infertility epidemic .
The real reason for the epidemic , which has become an enormous public problem , is that women have opportunities they did not before .
They do not want to commit to relationships until they are sure it 's the right one .
' People are waiting until they are older to get married , they want the degree , money and a flat .
It 's the modern way .
It 's not just England - in every society women are putting off childbearing .'
But his vision of the future was criticised by Norman Wells of Family and Youth Concern .
He warned : ' All too often children are regarded as consumer goods to be fitted in when it is most convenient for their mothers ' careers , rather than as gifts to be loved and cherished . '
Josephine Quintavalle , of Comment on Reproductive Ethics , said : ' It 's high time we prioritised the welfare of children over that of women .
Fertility treatment is becoming a lifestyle choice showing women at their most selfish , putting their career above the welfare of their children . '
Two decades and a half ago today , Bill Gates unveiled Microsoft 's first operating systems .
Oh , it was n't for sale yet — no , no , it 's still only 1983 and we would n't see Windows on store shelves until 1985 .
But that did n't stop the young heart throb Gates .
Advertisement
Gates was n't at all shy when promoting his debut Windows OS at New York 's Helmsley Palace Hotel that day , claiming that it , powered by a unique graphical interface , would be running 90 % of IBM systems by 1984 ( before missing the launch date by a year , of course ) .
To his credit , that ridiculously lofty number is just about identical to the Windows marketshare of today .
Windows 1 would n't be around for long , with its Windows 2 predecessor following just two years later .
But if you have a fond memory of the old OS , now would be a good time to share it with the class in the comments .
[ Wired and image ]
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
The former Taiwanese president Chen Shui-bian was formally arrested today over money - laundering and corruption allegations which he has described as political persecution .
Taipei 's district court ordered his detention on suspected corruption , bribery , forgery , money laundering and illegal possession of state assets .
" The court , after questioning the suspect , believes the suspected crimes to be severe , " it added in a statement .
" And there are enough facts to believe there was buried evidence , fabrication , altered evidence and conspiracy among suspects or witnesses . "
The 57 - year - old denies all charges .
The prosecutor 's office said Chen could be held indefinitely before charges are filed , but there was no intention to delay .
The first three charges carry minimum prison sentences of five years on each count .
Members of Chen 's family and former aides are also under investigation .
Chen led the country from 2000 until spring this year , when his pro-independence Democratic People 's party suffered a landslide defeat at the hands of the Nationalists .
The new president has focused on building closer ties with the mainland - signing landmark deals including agreements on direct flights and shipping .
Chen has blamed behind - the - scenes pressure from the Nationalists for the aggressive investigation , and suggested they were attempting to placate China following angry protests against last week 's high - level talks with the mainland .
" He 's spoken his viewpoint that this is political persecution and a political plot to get him , " his lawyer , Cheng Wen-lung , told reporters .
The prosecutors ' spokesman said the allegations relate to two cases , one involving misuse of a confidential state affairs fund and another related to money laundering .
Members of Chen 's family are suspected of sending at least $ 30.4 m ( £ 19.9 m ) to Japan , the United States , the Cayman Islands , Singapore and Switzerland , among other places , local media have reported .
The prosecutor 's spokesman declined to confirm the amount .
Prosecutors said they wanted to determine whether the funds were donations left over from political campaigns - as Chen says - or whether bribery might have been involved .
George Tsai , a political science professor at Chinese Culture University in Taipei , told Reuters : " They must have hard evidence , and it will hurt the DPP 's image for sure .
" I do n't know if it will cause social unrest or not .
We might see minor demonstrations . "
The Nationalists say Chen 's claims of political persecution are intended to divert attention from the allegations , while a spokeswoman for the Taiwan Affairs Office of China 's State Council described the claim that Beijing was involved as " pure fabrication " .
The passing of the $ 850 - billion bailout pulled the plug on the New Deal .
The Great Society is now gasping for air , mortally wounded , coughing up blood .
It will not recover .
It was murdered by the Democratic Party .
We are on our own .
And do n’t expect any help from Barack Obama and Joe Biden , who lobbied hard for the bill and voted for it .
Ignore their rhetoric .
Look coldly at the ballots they cast against us .
We , as citizens , have only a handful of representatives left in Washington , most of whom were left sputtering in rage and frustration on the House floor .
The sad irony is that some of them were Republican .
“ This was the largest single act of class warfare in the modern history of this country , ” Rep. Dennis Kucinich , D - Ohio , who led the fight in the House against the bailout , told me by phone from Cleveland .
“ It is a direct attack on the American people ’s ability to be able to stabilize their homes and their neighborhoods .
This single vote will define the careers of everyone .
We are back to taxation without representation , to markets that are openly rigged . ”
“ We buried the New Deal , ” he said of the vote .
“ Instead of Democrats going back to classic New Deal economics where we prime the pump of the economy and start money circulating among the population through saving homes , creating jobs and building a new infrastructure , our leaders chose to accelerate the wealth of the nation upwards .
They did so in a way that was destructive of free - market principles .
They ripped away all the familiar moorings .
We are in an uncharted sea where the traditional roles of the political parties are being switched .
The Democrats have unfortunately become so enamored and beholden to Wall Street that we are not functioning to defend the economic interest of the broad base of the American people .
It was up to the Republicans to protect not just a so - called free market but the American taxpayer and attempt to block this .
This is an outrage .
This was democracy ’s Black Friday . ”
Obama arrived on the Senate floor Brutus - like to thrust a knife into the back of the working and middle class .
He lobbied hard for the bill .
He did so , according to some who met with him on Capitol Hill , because he feared that if he opposed the bailout and it triggered a market collapse it could cost him the election .
Better to placate the thieves on Wall Street than stand up for the masses of enraged and swindled citizens .
Obama ’s betrayal is the betrayal of the Democratic Party .
The Democrats gave us the Financial Services Modernization Act of 1999 , which ripped down the firewalls that were put in place by the 1933 Glass - Steagall Act .
The 1933 act , designed to prevent the kind of meltdown we are now experiencing , established the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. ( FDIC ) .
It set in place banking reforms to stop speculators from hijacking the financial system .
With Glass - Steagall demolished , and the passage of NAFTA , the Democrats , led by Bill Clinton , tumbled gleefully into bed with corporations and Wall Street speculators .
They achieved fundraising parity with the Republicans .
They used institutions like Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac as a welfare gravy train .
The Democrats , including Obama , are as compromised as the Republicans .
Obama ’s voting record in the Senate is in line with the corrupt Democratic mainstream , including Biden , who works on behalf of corporations and especially the credit card industry .
Obama knows where power lies in the United States .
It is not with the citizens , who with ratios of 100 to 1 pleaded with their representatives in Washington not to loot the national treasury to bail out Wall Street investment firms .
Power lies with the corporations .
These corporations , not us , pick who runs for president .
You can not be a candidate without their blessing and money .
These corporations , including the Commission on Presidential Debates , a private corporation , determine who gets to speak and what issues candidates can or cannot challenge , from universal , not - for - profit , single - payer health care to Wall Street bailouts to NAFTA .
If you do not follow the corporate script you become as marginal and invisible as Ralph Nader or Bob Barr or Cynthia McKinney .
Obama has always served his corporate masters .
He opposed Rep. John Murtha ’s call for immediate withdrawal from Iraq and supported continued funding for the war .
He voted in July 2005 to reauthorize the Patriot Act .
He did not support an amendment that was part of a bankruptcy bill that would have capped credit card interest rates at 30 percent .
He opposed a bill that would have reformed the notorious Mining Law of 1872 , which allows mineral companies to rape federal land for profit .
He did not back the single - payer health care bill HR 676 , sponsored by Kucinich and John Conyers .
He advocates the death penalty and nuclear power .
He backed the class - action “ reform ” bill — the Class Action Fairness Act ( CAFA ) — that was part of a large lobbying effort by financial firms , which make up Obama ’s second - biggest single bloc of donors .
CAFA would effectively shut down state courts as a venue to hear most class - action lawsuits .
Workers , under CAFA , would no longer have redress in many of the courts where these cases have a chance of defying powerful corporations .
CAFA moves these cases into corporate - friendly federal courts dominated by Republican judges .
Obama ’s support for the bailout , however , is his most egregious betrayal .
He had a brief , shining moment to prove he could lead , to capitalize on a popular revolt that cut across the political spectrum .
He never attempted to address or mobilize the aspirations and passions of the vast majority of Americans .
He was as craven , servile and cowardly as the party he represents .
He returned to the campaign trail after Friday ’s vote as a slick and polished sales representative for our corporate state , telling us to calm down and accept the inevitable .
“ Some of the most powerful speeches against this were given by members of the Republican Party who are on the political right , ” Kucinich said .
“ They did a superb job in poking holes in the underlying assumptions of the bailout .
They say what they believe .
Give me somebody who says what they believe and I can figure out how to get them to a new place .
When people say one thing and do another it is very hard to be able to move a debate . ”
So let us honor , in our moment of defeat , the handful of elected officials who valiantly defied their party leaderships in the House to stage a remarkable revolt that at first succeeded .
Kucinich is one .
There were others — Brad Sherman , Marcy Kaptur , Peter DeFazio , Lloyd Doggett and Robert C. “ Bobby ” Scott .
They are about all that is left of the old Democratic Party , the party that once looked out for the poor and the working class .
Send them a note of thanks .
They deserve it .
And if you live in their districts make sure you get to the polls in November .
They did not sell you out .
“ We had two take - it - or - leave - it propositions and the second one was worse than the first , ” Kucinich said , referring to the plan that came loaded with pages of tax cuts .
“ Tax cuts are antithetical to a bailout .
We never solved the problem .
There were never any hearings on the bill .
This premise , that we could prop up the stock market with a $ 700 - billion investment and create some liquidity , was flawed .
The problem is that banks do not want to loan to each other .
It is not a liquidity problem .
Banks are afraid they are going to collapse in short selling .
There is a war going on between security firms and banks .
Banks are under assault .
They are not loaning .
The dynamic is driven by the Accounting Standards Board , the Securities and Exchange Commission and the Fed . ”
The root of the financial crisis , as critics of the bailout plan point out , is that millions of homeowners cannot pay their mortgages .
The bailout , as the market decline on Friday following the vote illustrated , does not address the crisis .
It solves nothing for the 10 million Americans who face foreclosure .
It solves nothing for the growing numbers of unemployed and underemployed .
It may well be the equivalent of tossing $ 850 billion of taxpayer money ( including $ 150 billion in tax cuts ) into a furnace and watching passively as our economy continues its plunge .
“ We face a perfect financial storm , ” Kucinich warned .
“ The elements are the deficit spending for the war of 3 to 4 trillion dollars , the trillion and more tax cuts , the war itself and the lack of serious investment in the country .
We are being hollowed out .
We are going to see more unemployment and more people losing their homes .
With $ 700 billion we could have made a real investment in the country , in jobs , in infrastructure and in homes .
Instead , we got robbed . ”
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
Some days , Rorschach 's mask just refused to look scary
Creator : @IamHappyToast Creator : @ IamHappyToast archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:47 ,
Well at least his heart is in the right place
woo ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:47 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:47 ,
Lovely .
Having now started reading the comic books , I am looking forward muchly to the film :D ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:48 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:48 ,
Hahaha !
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:48 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:48 ,
brilliant sir
* really wishes he'd checked the board before posting ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:48 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:48 ,
It 's taken me 2 days to get this done
Granted not the whole of two days , but it was an awful lot of redrawing .
I can rest now :) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:50 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:50 ,
well worth the effort
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:51 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:51 ,
Seconded !
That just all kinds of funny .
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:01 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:01 ,
So 2 days a frame .. 30 frames per second ...
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:55 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:55 ,
Well worth every slap !
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:51 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:51 ,
that 's gotta hurt
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:52 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:52 ,
Woo !
I 'd say well worth the wait too !
: P ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:52 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:52 ,
slow load ?
it 's amazing the difference stepping over the 250k makes , even with relatively fast broadband ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:54 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:54 ,
And I thought it was just me . . .
Although I still blame it on the innerwebs traffic and changiing adds near the first of the month . . . ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:57 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:57 ,
My board 's lagging tonight anyway .
My other half 's downloading some mammoth updates on the laptop .....
It is still very noticeable though .
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:00 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:00 ,
p.s. what 's this from please ?
Woo ! ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:54 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:54 ,
Watchmen
en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Watchmen best comic / superhero story ever , and hopefully the best film ever come next March archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:56 ,
i look forward to rating the comic series on the film warrent
does anyone know if hulk 2 was better than the first awful film ?
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:58 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:58 ,
Hulk 2 ?
Was n't really Hulk 2 , it pretended the first film had never happened .
Which was a shame , because it turned out the first one was actually the better of the two .
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:03 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:03 ,
oh dear
... i watched the first one , lent it to my mate who did a HULK SMASH on it ... so i bought it again ( as i'd already written it down into my collection of dvds ) and its sat unopened on my shelf as it was that awful ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:06 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:06 ,
What ???
The incredible Hulk was much better than the other one that had roughly two scenes with the Hulk in .
( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 3:17 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 3:17 ,
Comic was great
but based on the trailers , I 'm not holding out much hope for the movie .
I 'd love to be wrong though .
( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 4:23 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 4:23 ,
you 're probably not wrong
apparently they 've completely changed the ending .
( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 17:06 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 17:06 ,
WHAAAAAAAT !!!!!!
NO , BAD ,
they can't of changed it .
director was going on about how if they wanted to make a good film you gotta really stick to the source material .
( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 17:22 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 17:22 ,
haha !
that 's awesome , though i cant help feeling you missed and opportunity for a cdc in there ;) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:54 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:54 ,
a man coming at you with a face like a cock is a bit too scary to qualify I thought
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:57 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:57 ,
: D
Awesome stuff there young man ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:55 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:55 ,
what why how ?.. don't care ... luv it
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:59 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 20:59 ,
bp2.blogger.com/_Z4-I2c8peEQ/RfOdoIVFI7I/AAAAAAAACoE/YMbaPEcMn24/s400/rorschachmontage.jpg archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:03 ,
the phrase that came to mind when i saw that image was
" would you like to buy some cookies " ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:11 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:11 ,
Really brilliant .
* clicks * ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:01 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:01 ,
^ This ^
^and that ^ ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:52 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:52 ,
Very nice
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:02 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:02 ,
Hahahahaha , excellent .
It 's certainly not a cracked open dog 's skull .
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:05 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:05 ,
I like
I like a lot
However I 'm worried that the film will be like 300 - visually amazing , but just utterly devoid of soul .
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:06 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 21:06 ,
You do have a point , but I hold out hope .
I can't see how they can drop most of the story element of watchmen .
( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 11:14 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 11:14 ,
Pfft .
It kept changing , I kept chuckling .
Well done .
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 22:01 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 22:01 ,
That 's what I wanna see !
Fucking great ! ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 22:13 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 22:13 ,
Ha ha
Smashing . ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 22:22 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 22:22 ,
Excellent stuff
Thanks again for your help today , Chris :) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 22:40 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 22:40 ,
talented fucking git
woo , yay , and houpla ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 22:55 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 22:55 ,
fantastic
woo , yay and all that .
( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 23:05 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 23:05 ,
Hahaha brilliant !
Woo , yay , and a side of houpla ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 23:46 , archived ) ( , Mon 3 Nov 2008 , 23:46 ,
Happy Slapping !
Happy
Toast always brings a smile to any table !
( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 0:23 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 0:23 ,
Just got in ...
and this has made me very happy .
These new filesize limits are great !
( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 0:30 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 0:30 ,
This is Brilliant !!!
I love it !!!!!
( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 2:40 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 2:40 ,
excellent
juast what i needed for the day i good honest giggle .!!
thank you ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 2:50 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 2:50 ,
This is a winning combination
of the two greatest things ever : Watchmen and WooYayHoupla ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 5:25 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 5:25 ,
FP100 - Lovely !
Ca n't wait to see the film .
( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 5:25 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 5:25 ,
Genius !
Ta for the giggle !
( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 5:38 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 5:38 ,
Awesome
( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 9:02 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 9:02 ,
woo
( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 9:41 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 9:41 ,
Genius !
Utter , utter genius .
( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 9:45 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 9:45 ,
Hahaha !
Very nice , sir .
Very nice indeed .
( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 10:34 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 10:34 ,
Fantastic !
I just finished reading Watchmen for the second time , so this is great timing for me :) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 13:08 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 13:08 ,
lovely !
Thank you Mr. Toast . ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 16:04 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 16:04 ,
100 FPs , eh ?
congrats sir ! ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 16:45 , archived ) ( , Tue 4 Nov 2008 , 16:45 ,
i re-read this last week
and found it EVEN BETTER this time around .
Thank you for the chuckle .
x ( , Wed 5 Nov 2008 , 0:08 , archived ) ( , Wed 5 Nov 2008 , 0:08 ,
WIN !
Read Watchmen last month - brilliant .
( , Wed 5 Nov 2008 , 4:46 , archived ) ( , Wed 5 Nov 2008 , 4:46 ,
Hehe
Twas my halloween outfit this year .
archived ) ( , Wed 5 Nov 2008 , 7:50 ,
Often we see anti-gay right - wing forces use quotations around words that describe our identities , and families .
You will see them say a " homosexual " insinuating that this does not deserve recognition as a real orientation .
They will also put quotations around " marriage " when they discuss gay couples , to debunk the notion of gay unions being worthy .
Likewise , with regards to trans folk they say " man " , " woman " totally disregarding and disrespecting the persons gender identity .
When dealing with anti-gay opponents lets reverse the tactic and put it on them to see how they feel .
For example , " heterosexual " to describe the so called preference of these individuals .
Also " heterosexual marriage " to describe the notion that somehow a " straight " couple should attain marriage rights .
Please do not regard this post as heterophobic , we have many allied readers and would never degrade their identities or marriages , this is simply a tactic that can be used against our anti-gay opponents so they can just for a second see what it is like to walk in our shoes .
LONDON , Nov 6 ( Reuters ) - Chinese beer
Snow is the world 's second - biggest beer brand by volume , moving up to separate two Anheuser - Busch BUD .N brands , Bud Light and Budweiser , figures from researcher Plato Logic showed on Thursday .
Snow is brewed by SABMiller SAB.L and its Chinese partner China Resources Enterprises Ltd 0291.HK , and has grown rapidly as China overtook the United States earlier this decade to become the biggest beer market in the world .
Plato lists the top ten beer brands as Bud Light , Snow , Budweiser , InBev's INTB .
BR Brazilian beer Skol , Modelo's GMODELOC .
MX Corona , Heineken HEIN.AS , another Brazilian InBev brand Brahma , Coors Light TAP.N , SABMiller 's Miller Lite and China 's Tsingtao 0168.HK
The researcher added the world ’s five biggest beer markets were China , United States , Russia , Brazil and Germany .
It also forecast that world beer consumption will grow by less than 3 percent in 2008 , after the 5.6 percent growth seen in 2007 .
( Reporting by David Jones ; editing by Simon Jessop )
Think you know Playboy ?
Think again !
Playboy Plus goes beyond the pages of Playboy to give you access to more women , more video , more exclusive content anywhere .
We give you access to elusive Playboy video that 's been too hot for the web ...
UNTIL NOW !
Add 50 years of exclusive Playboy Playmates , and online Playboy Cybergirls , and you 've got the most complete members area , that 's not duplicated anywhere !
Join Now for as little as $ 3.95 or $ 8.18 per month !
Join Now for as little as $ 3.95 or $ 8.18 per month !
Older Posts May 2018 ( 10 ) April 2018 ( 17 ) March 2018 ( 5 ) February 2018 ( 6 ) January 2018 ( 1 ) December 2017 ( 4 ) November 2017 ( 3 ) October 2017 ( 15 ) September 2017 ( 20 ) August 2017 ( 21 ) July 2017 ( 17 ) June 2017 ( 21 ) May 2017 ( 21 ) April 2017 ( 17 ) March 2017 ( 6 ) February 2017 ( 3 ) December 2016 ( 3 ) November 2016 ( 3 ) October 2016 ( 3 ) September 2016 ( 24 ) August 2016 ( 23 ) July 2016 ( 19 ) June 2016 ( 21 ) May 2016 ( 21 ) April 2016 ( 20 ) March 2016 ( 5 ) February 2016 ( 4 ) January 2016 ( 2 ) December 2015 ( 5 ) November 2015 ( 4 ) October 2015 ( 9 ) September 2015 ( 24 ) August 2015 ( 20 ) July 2015 ( 21 ) June 2015 ( 22 ) May 2015 ( 25 ) April 2015 ( 21 ) March 2015 ( 11 ) February 2015 ( 11 ) January 2015 ( 6 ) December 2014 ( 6 ) November 2014 ( 4 ) October 2014 ( 6 ) September 2014 ( 23 ) August 2014 ( 20 ) July 2014 ( 24 ) June 2014 ( 15 ) May 2014 ( 20 ) April 2014 ( 18 ) March 2014 ( 15 ) February 2014 ( 7 ) January 2014 ( 9 ) December 2013 ( 6 ) November 2013 ( 7 ) October 2013 ( 4 ) September 2013 ( 13 ) August 2013 ( 22 ) July 2013 ( 16 ) June 2013 ( 16 ) May 2013 ( 20 ) April 2013 ( 19 ) March 2013 ( 10 ) February 2013 ( 8 ) January 2013 ( 11 ) December 2012 ( 9 ) November 2012 ( 8 ) October 2012 ( 25 ) September 2012 ( 22 ) August 2012 ( 22 ) July 2012 ( 18 ) June 2012 ( 23 ) May 2012 ( 23 ) April 2012 ( 24 ) March 2012 ( 7 ) February 2012 ( 13 ) January 2012 ( 4 ) December 2011 ( 3 ) November 2011 ( 4 ) October 2011 ( 9 ) September 2011 ( 6 ) August 2011 ( 6 ) July 2011 ( 11 ) June 2011 ( 12 ) May 2011 ( 13 ) April 2011 ( 18 ) March 2011 ( 3 ) February 2011 ( 3 ) January 2011 ( 3 ) December 2010 ( 5 ) November 2010 ( 4 ) October 2010 ( 6 ) September 2010 ( 6 ) August 2010 ( 10 ) July 2010 ( 20 ) June 2010 ( 6 ) May 2010 ( 7 ) April 2010 ( 13 ) March 2010 ( 17 ) February 2010 ( 7 ) January 2010 ( 2 ) December 2009 ( 9 ) November 2009 ( 2 ) October 2009 ( 17 ) September 2009 ( 9 ) August 2009 ( 9 ) July 2009 ( 8 ) June 2009 ( 18 ) May 2009 ( 19 ) April 2009 ( 19 ) March 2009 ( 14 ) February 2009 ( 14 ) January 2009 ( 16 ) December 2008 ( 8 ) November 2008 ( 9 ) October 2008 ( 9 ) September 2008 ( 10 ) August 2008 ( 12 ) July 2008 ( 11 ) June 2008 ( 15 ) May 2008 ( 19 ) April 2008 ( 22 ) March 2008 ( 20 ) February 2008 ( 18 ) January 2008 ( 12 ) December 2007 ( 16 ) November 2007 ( 14 ) October 2007 ( 35 ) September 2007 ( 14 ) August 2007 ( 24 ) July 2007 ( 25 ) June 2007 ( 26 ) May 2007 ( 30 ) April 2007 ( 35 ) March 2007 ( 25 ) February 2007 ( 8 ) January 2007 ( 1 )
David Rutledge Sees Far Less Coal Remaining
Projections of future coal burning maybe excessively optimistic or pessimistic ( depending on your point of view ) because the amount recoverable from the ground might be far less than governments project .
David Rutledge , a professor of engineering at Caltech , estimates economically recoverable coal reserves at 400 billion tons worldwide .
By comparison , governments claim 850 billion to 998 billion tons of recoverable coal .
Rutledge presented this analysis at the annual meeting of the American Geological Union .
He has also made this argument previously .
Sounds like he 's done more number crunching since the previous report .
If Rutledge is right then people fighting global warming are fighting the wrong battle .
CO2 emissions are going to peak because of geological limitations .
The figure is substantially lower than the ones used in assessments by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) to gauge possible future emissions scenarios .
" This is a radically different number from what is conventionally assumed , " said Professor David Rutledge from the California Institute of Technology , who led the analysis .
" The IPCC assumes that about five times as much coal is available for burning . "
I am more certain about the coming of Peak Oil than I am about Peak Coal .
Oil fields appear to have attracted a lot more study .
Rutledge says governments over - predict coal reserves .
" The record of geological estimates made by governments for their fossil fuel estimates is really horrible , " Rutledge said during a press conference at the American Geological Union annual meeting .
" And the estimates tend to be quite high .
They over - predict future coal production . "
More specifically , Rutledge says that big surveys of natural resources underestimate the difficulty and expense of getting to the coal reserves of the world .
And that 's assuming that the countries have at least tried to offer a real estimate to the international community .
China , for example , has only submitted two estimates of its coal reserves to the World Energy Council  and they were wildly different .
We need lots more nuclear reactors and wind turbines .
We also need better batteries for electric cars and genetic engineering of microorganisms for practical biomass energy .
Solar power is no longer just about slapping photovoltaic eyesores on existing rooftops to harness a bit of extra sun energy .
Nowadays , people are finding unique ways to integrate solar energy into architectural , vehicular and even fashion designs from the beginning .
Moreover , some innovators have even figured out ways to make structures entirely energy - independent by combining various alternative energy sources .
When solar was first introduced it was an auxiliary power source – now we have cars , boats , planes and even entire buildings that run on solar power .
From the world ’s first energy - autonomous vehicle to solar balloons , arcs , lily pads and even bras here are some of the most clever contemporary solar designs .
These push the existing envelope of solar technology and design ingenuity .
Click below to learn more :
Being more physically active means protecting your brain and improve your memory , according to scientists at Cheng Kung University , Taiwan .
In their opinion , physical activity stimulates the formation of special agents in the brain which , in their turn , encourage quicker maturation of stem calls into neurons .
During the experiment the scientists used running wheel for a group of mice .
The mice from the control group were only eating and sleeping .
In the course of the experiment the maturation process of neurons was being observed .
The scientists found that the active lifestyle can make neurons mature 2 times faster .
The more neurons we have , the better our memory , concentration , reasoning and other brain functions .
So do n’t be sitting in front of the computer for a long time – use every minute to exercise , even in the office and hit the gym regularly .
[ Analysis ]
Chromeはなぜ速いのか
Chromeの動作が圧倒的に速いように感じている。Chromeがリリースされた当初、それがなぜなのかよく分からなかった。グーグルだけにできて、ほかのWebブラウザ開発者にできないことなどあるように思えないが、それにしてはあまりに速いように感じたからだ。
その疑問のほとんどは 、Chromeのオープンソースプロジェクト版「 Chromium」の公式ブログの解説で氷解した。ブログを読んで分かったのはグーグルのエンジニアたちが信じられないほどのスピード狂であることと、そのスピードへのこだわりには2種類の“
スピード” があることだ。
1つは処理速度、もう1つは応答速度だ。特に後者、ユーザーをできるだけ待たせない、イラつかせないということに対する徹底したこだわりは、すさまじい。その背後には「スピードとは、つまりお金だ」という洞察があるようだ。
0.5秒の遅延でユーザー離れ
グーグル創業約1年後の1999年に、最初の女性社員として同社に加わった現バイス・プレジデントのマリッサ・メイヤー氏が、2006年にWeb 2.0関連イベントのWebGuildで行った講演で（講演ビデオ）、“スピード”にこだわる理由を、自分たちの経験から得た知見とともに述べている。
米グーグル バイス・プレジデントのマリッサ・メイヤー氏
1つは検索サービスに関するユーザーテストの結果だ。通常、検索結果には1ページ当たり10のリンクが含まれるが、ユーザーにどのぐらい検索結果数がほしいかと尋ねると、ほとんどの人がより多くと答えたという。ところが、実際に結果数を30に増やして実験したところ、トラフィックも収益も20％も落ちてしまったという。理由は、10の結果を返すのに0.4秒だったものが、30の結果を返すのに0.9秒と0.5秒余計にかかっているから、だったという。
この話に関して 元Amazon.comの開発者のグレッグ・リンデン氏は、ブログでこう述べている（リンク）。「この結論に驚くかもしれない――、ユーザーが0.5秒の遅れに気付くかって？ しかし、Amazon.comでもわれわれは同様の経験をしている。100ミリ秒単位でページ表示を遅らせるA/Bテスト（条件を変えて2つのサービスを同時に公開するテスト）で、非常に小さな遅延ですら、収入に大きく響いてくるということを発見した。速いというのは本当に大切なことだ。マリッサが言うように“ユーザーはスピードに敏感に反応する”のだ」（リンデン氏）
メイヤー氏は 、Googleマップでは、Webページを100KBから70〜80KBに減らしたことで翌週にトラフィックが10％、その後3週間で25％伸びたことがあるとも指摘する。
言うまでもなく、グーグルは収益のほとんどを広告でまかなっており、それはトラフィック量に比例する。だからグーグルにとって、スピードを稼ぐことは価値を生む行為そのもので、それは収益最大化という企業の論理からも正当化できるリソースの投下方法なのだ。ユーザーはページが重いとか遅いなどと文句は言わない。たぶん少しぐらい遅くなっても気付きもしない。単に来なくなるだけなのだ。ユーザーの意識に上るような遅さは論外だが、無意識レベルの遅れであっても確実に数字に表れるというわけだ。
起動シーケンスに見る 「 応答性」へのこだわり
「 Webブラウザが速い 」といったとき、これまでは一般にHTMLのレンダリングが速いことや、JavaScriptエンジンの処理が速いことが、その基準として注目されてきた。しかし、Chromeではこれまで注力されてこなかった「応答性」について、徹底して最適化しているようだ。それがユーザーが感じる速さにつながっているのだと思う。
グーグルのソフトウェアエンジニア、ブレット・ウィルソン氏が10月8日に投稿したブログエントリには、こうある。
「 当初のわれわれ のGoogle Chromeの目標は、このブラウザをできるだけ速くすることだった。しかし、生の速度（raw speed）に加えて高い応答性を持つようにしたかった。結局のところ、ページがいくら速くロードできたって、ユーザーインターフェイスが固まったら意味がないんだから！」（ウィルソン氏）
応答性を良くするための工夫は数多いが、典型的なのは起動シーケンスの工夫だという。Chromeは起動時にchrome.exe、chrome.dllのほか、設定ファイルを読むだけで、ひとまずウィンドウを描いてしまう。実際にWebページを開くのに必要なサブモジュールは数多いが、きわめて少ない処理で、ユーザーには起動したように見せる。これにより、ユーザーはすぐに操作を始めることができる。Chromeユーザーなら、空白のタブに頻繁に訪れるWebページのサムネイルが表示されるまでにワンテンポ間があるのに気付いているだろう。ネットワーク関連のライブラリやブックマーク、キャッシュ、クッキーなどは、最初にWebアクセスの要求があってから初めてディスクからメモリ上にロードされるという。
すべての処理が終了するまでの時間だけが重要なのではない。処理の流れや順序の工夫、あるいは見せ方でユーザーの体感速度は大きく変わる。ともかく最初の画面はできるだけ速く表示する、というアプローチは、ヤフーのWebマスターチームが「
Webサイト高速化の34の秘訣」の1つとして公開したテクニックにも似ている。スタイルシートをHTMLの先頭（HEAD）に書くことで、Webブラウザが表示をスタートするタイミングがぐっと早くなる。全体を表示し終わる時間が同じでも、読み込んだものから順に表示するのと、すべてを読み込んでから表示するのとでは大違いだ。こうしたWebサービスの常識を、Chromeはデスクトップ上に持ち込んでいるとも言えるだろう。
ロックやディスクI/Oを減らす
Chromeを貫く設計方針として、応答性を上げるためにI/Oアクセスをできる限り減らすというものがあるという。当初からグーグル自身が宣伝していたように、Chromeはマルチプロセスモデルを使っているが、ブラウザ本体、レンダラーと呼ばれる描画プロセス、プラグインは、それぞれ別プロセスとして稼働する。ブラウザ本体は、ユーザーとのやり取りを行うキモであるため、このプロセスからのディスクI/Oは一切禁止しているという。「ファイル名を付けて保存する」で表示されるダイアログですら別プロセスだ。CPUの高速化がめざましい一方、ディスクの読み書きは相変わらず非常に遅いため、1にも2にもディスクI/Oを減らすのだという。
Chromeではブラウザ本体（のプロセス）の応答性を悪くする要素を注意深く取り除いているという。各タブのプロセスはブラウザ本体とデータやメッセージをやり取りするが、ここでタブがロックしたりフリーズしたときにブラウザが“ 待ち”
にならないよう、レンダラーに子ウィンドウを生成させないようにしているという。Windowsではボタンなどのコントロールも“ウィンドウ”として扱われ、親ウィンドウに対して子ウィンドウがたくさん生成される。この階層化されたウィンドウ間をメッセージが上下するとき、もしどこかでメッセージ処理が止まれば、親ウィンドウは待ちに入ってしまう。レンダラーが何かの処理で時間がかかったり、止まってしまったら、その間は親ウィンドウのブラウザ自体がユーザーからの反応を受け付けなくなるということだ。一瞬固まるという感覚は、Internet Explorerではよく経験するところだ。
このた めChromeではレンダラーには子ウィンドウを生成させず、またレンダリング結果を直接タブのウィンドウに描画するのではなく、いったん画面表示されない領域にビットマップとして描画し、それをタブのウィンドウに転送するようにしているという。
このルールでうまくいかなかったのはプラグインの実装で、プラグインが子ウィンドウを生成するのは仕様上禁じることができなかったという。プラグインが不調だと、そのWebページを閉じるという操作もままならなくなる。そこでChromeでは一定間隔でプラグインの反応を調べ、反応が悪くなっているプラグインがあれば、ユーザーに対してプラグインを停止するかどうかを聞くダイアログを表示するようにしている。
複数プロセスが非同期で処理や通信を行うというアーキテクチャを採用した結果、Chromeでは処理やコードが複雑になった面はあるという。それでもウィルソン氏は、最速というだけではなく、最高に応答性が良いブラウザにするという当初の目標を達成するのにこのアプローチが役立っていて、それは十分に価値があることだったとしている。
アンチフィッシングでも工夫
Chromeにはフィッシング詐欺や、不正なコードが仕込まれたWebサイトからユーザーを守るための仕組みがある。これはグーグルがネット全体をクロールする最中に発見した怪しいWebサイトのURLに対してユーザーがアクセスしようとしたら警告を出す仕組みだ。この機能を実現するために、数十万にもなるという膨大なURLリストをChromeクライアントは、グーグルのサーバからダウンロードしている。最初は起動後5分以内に、その後は約30分おきに最新のURLリストを逐次ダウンロードしている。このリストはURLを素直に書き連ねたテキストファイルではなく、SHA-256に基づくハッシュ値となっている。さらにおもしろいのは、256ビットすべてではなく先頭32ビットの値だけが送られてきているということだ。
このURLリストのバイナリデータはディスク上で55MBほどある。もしこれがSHA-256の256ビットすべてだったら、この8倍の440MBのディスクが消費されていただろう。256ビットのうち先頭32ビットとすることによるディスクI/Oやネットワーク帯域、メモリ消費などパフォーマンス上のメリットは大きい。危険のないURLのハッシュの先頭32ビットが、危険なURLのリストにあるいずれかのハッシュの先頭32ビットと偶然ぶつかってしまう“擬陽性”は起こり得るが、その確率はきわめて低い。また、たとえ擬陽性と判定されても、再度256ビットをグーグルのサーバに送って検査することで確実に判定が可能だ。このフィッシング・マルウェア対策の仕組みも、I/Oアクセスを減らすChromeの工夫だという。
体感速度を左右する250ミリ秒の違い
Chromeを使っ てWebを見て回るとき、ほか のWebブラウザに比べ てChromeが劇的に速く感じられるのは、ページ表示が開始されるまでの時間だ。初めてChromeを使ったとき、これはいったいどういうマジックなのだろうかと思ったが、やはりChromiumのブログに解説がある。9月18日のブログエントリにある「DNSプリフェッチ」というコロンブスの卵のようなテクニックの紹介がそれだ。
これは読んで字のごとく、DNSによる名前解決を事前に行うという機能だ。Webページが表示されたら、そのHTMLに含まれる各URLのドメイン名について、先にDNSサーバにクエリを投げて名前解決をし、IPアドレスを取得しておく。こうすることで、処理自体は軽いのに時間がかかりがちなDNSクエリの往復時間を節約できる。通常、ユーザーが実際にクリックしてからDNSサーバにURLを投げて問い合わせ、その返事をもらうまでの往復時間は100〜250ミリ秒で、これがゼロになる。DNSの名前解決はWebサイトによっては1秒や2秒以上かかることもあるが、そうしたものがゼロになると劇的な効果がある（グーグルが計測したDNSクエリの600万サンプルのグラフ）。数字上でも大きな速度アップだが、たまにある「なかなか開かない」ということがなくなるのは、心理的にはかなり効果があるように感じている。
DNS プリフェッチは、表示されているページ中のリンクだけでなく、起動時のスタートページに関しても行うほか、ユーザーがURLや検索文字列をタイプしている最中でも行っているという。サジェスト機能でどこかのWebページを提示した場合にもプリフェッチをしているという。ユーザーがリターンキーを押すよりも先に、すでにWebブラウザはユーザーが次に訪れそうなドメインのIPアドレスを取得済みというわけだ。
Chrome はWeb2.0的 なWebブラウザだ
グーグルはスピードに取りつかれている。Chromeは、何かコードに変更を加えるたびに、自動的にビルドされ、テストされ、各種パフォーマンスが計測されるという。パフォーマンスが悪くなるような変更は一切加えない、というのが開発に当たって常に従ってきたルールだという。Chrome開発チームは、この自動テストと計測のサイクルをChromeのコードがまだほとんど何も存在していなかった最初期から開始している。パフォーマンスの問題は、開発中の段階で解決するほうが後になってから修正するより簡単だからという。
数百万人、数千万人、あるいは億単位の人が使うソフトウェアやサービスであれば、ミリ秒単位の高速化のために開発リソースをつぎ込むことには経済的合理性があるだろう。だから、彼らが速い製品を作るのは当たり前だ。逆に数十人とか数百人しか使わない業務アプリケーションは、どうだろうか。3秒かかる処理を1秒にするのに1人月すら投下できないだろう。
一方、IEやFirefoxでは、どうして今までDNSプリフェッチのような仕組みを考えつかなかったのだろうかと問うことには意味があるように思う。IEの寡占が長く続き、WebやWebブラウザの進化が止まっていたのだ、というのが1つの答えだろう。私は別の答えとして、これまでソフトウェア開発者には応答性を重視したスピードへのこだわりがあまりなかったから、というのがあるように思う（例外がたくさんあるのはもちろん分かっている）。CPUが高速化して、むしろその傾向が強まったようにも感じている。
Lispハッカーとして知られるポール・グレアム氏は2005年にWeb2.0の本質の1つを「ユーザーをないがしろにしないこと 」（not to maltreat users）と喝破している（リンク）。今のようにJavaScriptライブラリが充実する以前、Ajaxは開発者にとっては高いスキルを要求する複雑な仕事だったが、それでもユーザーを待たせないため、イライラさせないため、あるいは他サービスとの差別化のために、気が利いた開発者はこぞってAjaxやCommetといった技術を採用し、発展させもしてきた。
Ajaxが非同期の通信であるのと 、Chrome中のプロセス間の処理が非同期で複雑になっているのは偶然の一致ではないと思う。それはたとえ処理モデルやコーディングが複雑になろうとも、ユーザーを待たせない（ユーザーをないがしろにしない）ために、裏でできる限りのことをやろうという技術者たちの努力の現れだ。この意味でChromeはWeb2.0的なWebブラウザだと思う。
ところ で 「 Web2.0」は、もはや物事の分かった大人が口にしてはいけない言葉のような雰囲気があるが、「ユーザーをないがしろにしないこと」という技術革新のムーブメントを含意する言葉としてであれば、今でも意味があると思う。今後はデスクトップやネットよりもずっと広い世界、一般社会で使われるコンピュータという文脈でこそ、こうした技術の価値が増してくるのではないかと思う。
（ ＠IT 西村賢） 情報をお寄せください ：
Both Neil Gabler and Jane Hall from FOX News Watch ( they cover the media ) --- were livid over the treatment of Graeme Frost , the 12 year old boy that was attacked by the right wingers after he came out and did promotion for the SCHIP program .
Cal Thomas and James Pinkerton wank away , but Jane smacked them down .
Good for her .
Download Download ( rough transcript )
Gabler : Everything that the Republicans and the bloggers were saying about this guy were wrong .
That should have been the story .
Republicans lie about a 12 year old boy 's family ...
< Cal Thomas repeated the bloggers talking points ...>
Hall : Cal , you 've just repeated many things that were erroneous ... The right wing bloggers swiftboated a twelve year old kid !
Thomas : Oh , please ...
Hall :
That is what happened .
That is what Paul Krugman said and it is true .--- They go after the kid .
They go after the kid .
Pinkerton :
You can debate whether you should put him out there or not , that 's a fair thing to debate about ...
Hall : SLIME a twelve year old kid ..
It 's false .
Pinkerton : The Democrats put him out there ,
Hall :
So he 's fair game ?
Pinkerton :
Of course he is ...
Hall :
To be slimed ?
Pinkerton :
You can't be wrong about your facts .
Hall :
They were n't wrong about their facts .
Whistleblower exposed NSA wiretapping because ' this is crazy ' David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday December 16 , 2008
Print This Email This
The whistleblower who exposed the Bush administration 's warrantless wiretapping program three years ago told MSNBC's Rachel Maddow on Monday that he was motivated by a sense that " this is crazy . "
Former Justice Department lawyer Thomas Tamm had remained anonymous until he spoke to Newsweek 's Michael Isikoff for an article last week .
His appearance with Maddow was his first television interview .
Appearing clearly unaccustomed to public speaking , Tamm emotionally explained , " My entire life , really , was based on trying to enforce the law ... and I believed that the law was being broken in the place where I was working . "
Tamm noted that he was not the only one in his office at the Justice Department who was aware of the wiretapping program , but he was the only one who stopped and said , " Wait a second .
We assume that what they are doing is illegal ?
I do n't understand that .
Why are we part of that ? "
" I just stepped back and said , ' This is crazy , ' " Tamm told Maddow .
" This is not what the Department of Justice is all about .
This is not what the Constitution is about . "
Tamm would now like to see serious consideration of prosecutions for these crimes .
" It offends me that we feel we 're not strong enough as a country , that our laws are not strong enough , that our Congress is not strong enough , that our courts are not strong enough to protect us , " he stated .
" And I personally -- I 'm a prosecutor ... I think it should be looked at very seriously . "
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Dec. 15 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Toy maker Hasbro Inc has dropped a lawsuit it filed against Scrabulous creator RJ Softwares .
The company said it has withdrawn the suit after the Indian IT firm made changes to its Lexulous and Wordscraper online games .
Hasbro told Reuters that the deal " provides people in the US and Canada with a choice of different games and also avoids potentially lengthy and costly litigation " .
In July this year Hasbro set the legal dogs on Scrabulous , the popular Facebook - based Scrabble knock - off , saying it infringed on the intellectual property rights of the board game .
It first expressed displeasure at Scrabulous ' aping of Scrabble 's rules and look back in January .
Many Facebook users had hoped that Hasbro might simply buy the game , which accumulated hundreds of thousands of players .
Scrabulous was later removed from Facebook , following a DMCA take - down order from Hasbro .
Its creators , Rajat Agarwalla and Jayant Agarwalla , then unleashed Lexulous on Facebook saddos - a game which Hasbro grumbled still had similarities to Scrabble . ®
Click here for the latest news on Stephen P. Halbrook and The Founders ’ Second Amendment
Begun on December 15 , 2008 , America ’s Bill of Rights Day ( the anniversary of the ratification of the Bill of Rights of the U.S. Constitution ) , we have created the Second Amendment Book Bomb , a unique and powerful way to communicate the importance of the Bill of Rights ’ Second Amendment for the protection of liberty .
With your help , we can launch constitutional rights to the top of national book bestseller lists , making a loud and clear statement that Second Amendment rights are unalienable !
As you know , the U.S. Supreme Court ’s June 2008 landmark District of Columbia v. Heller ruling finally affirmed that the Founders fully intended the Second Amendment to protect an individual right to own and bear arms .
The renowned Second Amendment scholar and lawyer Dr. Stephen P. Halbrook , Research Fellow at The Independent Institute , was key to the Heller victory — as well as to three previous gun-rights victories in cases before the Supreme Court .
And his definitive defense of the Second Amendment is now available in The Founders ’ Second Amendment : Origins of the Right to Bear Arms the first in - depth , book - length account of the origins of the Second Amendment and the most readable , comprehensive , and compelling work ever assembled arguing that the right to own a gun is as fundamental under the U.S. Constitution as is freedom of speech and freedom of religion .
Yet , even before the ink was dry on the Heller decision , efforts were underway in Washington , D.C. , to resume the assault against gun rights .
Further , and despite the rhetoric , both President - elect Barack Obama and his choice for Attorney General , Eric Holder , have repeatedly opposed Second Amendment rights , and any new federal judge appointments will likely be similarly biased .
Thus , preserving our constitutional rights will hinge on our ability to educate the American people on the imperative of Second Amendment rights .
The Supreme Court ’s Heller decision has provided us with an unprecedented opportunity to do this .
And now we have the tool to do so .
Fascinating , seminal , and inspiring , The Founders ’ Second Amendment is the perfect way both to educate ourselves and to reach friends and family who do n’t yet understand Second Amendment rights .
Our goal is to reach one million Americans with Steve Halbrook ’s book during the Christmas Holiday Season and throughout the New Year ahead .
Will you help ?
Let ’s make the Second Amendment Book Bomb a publishing phenomenon so great that even the mainstream media will have to take notice .
Let ’s spread The Founders ’ Second Amendment so far and wide that Americans across the political spectrum , and all walks of life , will be discussing the Second Amendment in every possible venue .
With your help , we are seeking to make Stephen Halbrook ’s book # 1 on the New York Times bestseller list .
To make this happen , please pledge to buy at least one copy of the book , and then spread the word to others .
Let ’s make this the most amazing and explosive program ever on the right to bear arms , and declare in no uncertain terms that the Second Amendment will be around for a very long time to come .
Every society and every institution rests heavily on trust .
There is active trust , the result of “ trust , but verify . ” I call this stage one trust .
Then there is stage two trust , which I call default trust : “ Trust , and assume that someone else has verified . ”
Next , there is stage three trust , which I call blind trust : “ Trust , because there is nothing else worth trusting . ”
Then there stage four trust , which I call tooth fairy trust : “ Trust , despite all evidence to the contrary . ”
This form of trust is the foundation of all Ponzi schemes .
Bernard Madoff took advantage of this final form of trust .
He ran what is said to be a Ponzi scheme of $ 50 billion .
Or was it only $ 17 billion ?
The initial reports are sketchy .
The magnitude of these numbers boggles the imagination .
How could anyone who is regulated by the Securities & Exchange Commission run up bogus numbers of $ 17 billion , let alone $ 50 billion ?
More to the point , if Madoff could do this , of what value is the Securities & Exchange Commission ?
The SEC in this case has fostered the second form of trust : “ Trust , and assume that someone else has verified . ”
This form of trust is the most insidious , because it creates a widespread mentality of trustworthiness when such trust is not deserved .
It reduces the investing public ’s suspicions .
Whenever widespread regulation by government agencies lulls investors to sleep , investors make investments that they would not otherwise make .
Managers of what are called trust funds defer responsibility for doing the necessary due diligence .
They can legally hide behind this excuse : “ We invested our clients ’ money only in investments regarded as prudent . ”
Prudent is as prudent does .
From October 2007 until today , prudent investments have taken a financial bath .
All the way down , the well - funded investment advisors kept telling their clients , “ Now is not the time to panic .
Now is not the time to sell stocks .
Use this as a buying opportunity .
Buy on the dips .
Maintain a well - balanced portfolio of stocks and high - grade corporate bonds .
Hold Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac bonds .
They are recognized worldwide . ”
The hypesters on Tout TV screamed : “ This market is close to the bottom .
Buy now ! ”
Government officials issued no warnings .
They even denied what should have been obvious .
In a long , detailed , and devastating article in the New York Times , the authors savage the Bush Administration for its refusal to do something about Fannie and Freddie as early as February 2003 .
The article , in typical Times fashion , lays no blame on Congress , especially Barney Frank , who promoted home ownership for low - income constituents who could not possibly have afforded to buy homes under anything like normal , i.e. , low - inflationary times .
The article tells the story of Armando Falcon , Jr. , who ran the tiny and impotent Office of Federal Housing Enterprise Oversight .
This was supposed to be an official verifier .
Like virtually all government verifiers , it was expected never to call attention to problems with anything remotely connected to the Federal government .
These organizations exist to foster stage two trust : “ Trust , and assume that someone else has verified . ”
The Times reports : “ In February 2003 , he was finishing a blockbuster report that warned the pillars could crumble . ”
Mr. Falcon ’s report outlined a worst - case situation in which Fannie and Freddie could default on debt , setting off “ contagious illiquidity in the market ” — in other words , a financial meltdown .
He also raised red flags about the companies ’ soaring use of derivatives , the complex financial instruments that economic experts now blame for spreading the housing collapse .
Today , the White House cites that report — and its subsequent effort to better regulate Fannie and Freddie — as evidence that it foresaw the crisis and tried to avert it .
Bush officials recently wrote up a talking points memo headlined “ G.S.E. ’s — We Told You So . ”
But the back story is more complicated .
To begin with , on the day Mr. Falcon issued his report , the White House tried to fire him .
This was a typical government response .
Whistle blowers are regarded as traitors in every organization .
The government is no exception .
Mr. Falcon was blowing the whistle on a pair of over - leveraged government - related but poorly regulated organizations .
Falcon was the head of an organization set up to regulate these two massive swindles , but he was never supposed to blow the whistle .
He therefore broke an unofficial rule .
He was going to be taught a lesson .
Mr. Falcon survived , but resigned in 2005 .
He was replaced by James Lockhart , an old high school friend of President Bush .
On his watch , Freddie and Fannie purchased $ 400 billion in sub-prime loans and alternative mortgages , marketing these packages to investors .
By mid-March , 2007 , both companies faced bankruptcy .
But the Treasury Department did nothing .
Treasury now ran policy .
Its conclusion : no problem .
But Mr. Lockhart continued to offer reassurances .
In a July appearance on CNBC , he declared that the companies were well managed and “ worsts were not coming to worst . ” . . . .
Mr. Lockhart defended himself , insisting in an interview that he was aware of the companies ’ vulnerabilities , but did not want to rattle markets .
“ A regulator , ” he said , “ does not air dirty laundry in public . ”
This is the heart of the matter .
It always has been .
It always will be .
Government regulatory agencies invariably become agents of the organizations that officially are being regulated .
This is the heart of stage two trust : “ Trust , and assume that someone else has verified . ”
This trust is fostered by the government and by the agencies supposedly being regulated .
The regulatory agencies ’ real economic function is to increase trust , where trust is not appropriate , in order to dupe the public .
At this stage , investors ’ trust moves to stage three : “ Trust , because there is nothing else worth trusting . ”
Investors bid up the assets ’ price .
This is the bubble phase of the market .
STAGE FOUR TRUST
Bernard Madoff was able , on paper — paper issued by his company — to generate 15 % returns , year after year .
It is not yet clear how he was able to fool accountants .
That he did fool them points to the nature of the beast .
We are living in an economy that is one gigantic Ponzi scheme .
The most famous one is Social Security .
It is known to be a Ponzi scheme by anyone who examines its funding .
This has been known for a generation .
No one cares , least of all government accountants .
Medicare is an even larger Ponzi scheme .
Yet Warren Buffett assures us that the American economy can grow its way out of the looming unfunded liabilities of these two organizations .
All it will take is a little prudence — an asset which retains its low price in Washington only because there is so little demand .
When the best and the brightest insist that there is no major problem with the two largest Ponzi schemes in history , the public has moved to stage four trust : “ Trust , despite all evidence to the contrary . ”
Madoff took advantage of a mindset that is so widespread today that voters , investors , and politicians not only believe in tooth fairy economics , they take active steps to ridicule those who call attention to the evidence to the contrary .
Madoff also understood marketing .
The late Mac Ross once told me this secret of marketing .
There are two ways to market something : the community college way and Harvard ’s way .
The community college sells education on the basis of price .
“ It ’s the best deal around .
Act now ! ”
Harvard sells a marginally superior form of education by telling people that they just do n’t qualify .
“ We are n’t going to accept you , but if you really want to waste your time , you can mail in an application . ”
Madoff adopted the Harvard approach .
Alexandra Penney , one of his victims , describes her dealings with his firm .
She had become a millionaire author .
I suddenly had a lot of money .
I was in my late 40s , and I felt that I was just too old to have it in a plain old bank account .
But I was a creative person , not a savvy investor , so I asked around and talked to my smartest friends with Harvard and Wharton MBAs .
There appeared to be a secret society of Madoff investors .
A friend who was older , wealthier , and more established somehow got me in .
I ’ve always had good luck , and I thought it was another stroke of good fortune to be invested with the legendary Bernard Madoff .
Ah , yes : access to the inside track !
There is a dream of every wanna - be investor .
Find the next Warren Buffett and let him handle your money .
Yes , Buffett ’s Berkshire Hathaway can be bought on the New York Stock Exchange .
All it takes is about $ 100,000 a share .
But that is not good enough for investors in dreams .
She wrote : “ There appeared to be a secret society of Madoff investors . ”
Yes , yes , that ’s it !
Get on the inside !
Every month I got detailed statements , and my money looked to be growing around 9 to 11 percent .
It did n’t seem greedy because I knew other people who were making 15 or 20 percent .
I thought , “ This is just a very smart investor . ”
On the contrary , he was just a very smart con man — a con man who plugged into stage four trust .
But he did not do this on his own .
He got a lot of help from the confidence industry ’s friends : government agencies that operate their own Ponzi schemes , creating widespread trust in impossible dreams .
The woman who was conned by Madoff thought she was rich .
She no longer thinks so .
She lived high on the hog .
She no longer will .
This scares her .
First , she always wanted to be an artist .
She used her money to buy a studio in New York City .
If she ever made a living with her art , she does not say .
It ’s too late now .
The recession has killed the art market .
The art market , as everyone pretty much knows , is dead .
If I ca n’t sell my work , I am going to have to find some way to make money .
Indeed , she is .
Here is the former editor of Self magazine who is going to have to find herself in a competitive environment .
This will not be easy .
She must now make adjustments in her lifestyle .
I ’ve lived a great and interesting life .
I love beautiful things : high thread count sheets , old china , watches , jewelry , Hermes purses , and Louboutin shoes .
I like expensive French milled soap , good wines , and white truffles .
I have given extravagant gifts like diamond earrings .
I traveled a lot .
In this last year , I ’ve been Laos , Cambodia , India , Russia , and Berlin for my first solo art show .
Will I ever be able to explore exotic places again ?
Frankly , Ms. Penney , the rest of us really do n’t care .
We have problems of our own .
She goes on .
Since this happened last Thursday , I have barely left my apartment , I have n’t been out for dinner ; have n’t bought groceries .
Ca n’t remember the last time I ate a full meal .
Food , which is one of my most favorite things in the world , has become meaningless .
The reality of Ponzi schemes eventually comes to this , whether the victims are rich or poor .
Reality intrudes .
The entire Western world is trapped in a Ponzi scheme sold by politicians : free lunches in our golden years of retirement .
Social Security will provide this .
Socialized medicine will provide this .
I spoke with a health insurance agent last week .
He had come at my request to discuss Medicare B . This is the physician - coverage section of Medicare .
Medicare A covers hospitalization .
This new Plan B will give me free prescriptions , which I do n’t take .
It will give me access to any physician ’s office at $ 5 per visit .
I will get partial dental care .
All I will pay is about $ 1,000 .
In my previous location , northern Mississippi , my agent said in 2007 the average payment per enrollee per year was over $ 6,000 .
This is a region with a low cost of living .
This is a Ponzi scheme .
As the population ages , there will be too many recipients and too few new entrants into the scam .
We know what is going to happen .
But the best and the brightest say we are wrong , that everything is covered , that experts have verified everything , that we will grow out way out of this .
TRUST IS RUNNING LOW
The stock market in 2008 proved to 401 ( k ) investors what I had told my readers in March 2000 : the stock market is not going to provide positive returns any longer .
The dreams of millions of investors have not been smashed — not yet .
They will be , but not yet .
The dreams have been called into question .
There is real doubt that the stock market will recover fast enough to give investors their golden retirements .
The 401 ( k ) programs are also Ponzi schemes .
They depend , not on economic growth to provide wealth , but rather new investors in the stock market .
Earnings are insufficient to provide the income required to provide a comfortable retirement .
After deducting fund expenses , until 2008 , earnings were zero or close to it .
The dream of easy retirement always rested on the sale of shares to newcomers .
This is Ponzi scheme financing .
American households are net dis -savers today .
They have been for almost a decade .
Who is going to buy the shares of retirees ?
Not the coming generation .
Trust in stocks as a way to wealth is fading .
This is a good thing , because the trust was always misplaced .
What will replace this fading trust in stocks ?
Another problem :
When people sell their shares in the final phase of the falling stock market , pushing stocks lower , who will buy them ?
Who will believe that , after nine years of losses , discounting for price inflation 2000 — 2009 , that stocks will ever recover ?
In final sell - offs , pessimism is widespread .
This pessimism will be justified .
Where will the productivity come from in our new age of monetary base inflation , corporate bailouts , and trillion - dollar annual Federal deficits ?
Who will buy a Chrysler today ?
Who will buy General Motors shares ?
Who will trust the hypesters on Tout TV , when they say to buy shares ?
Buy with what ?
Their viewers are down 40 % or more , and the decline may not be over .
CONCLUSION
The American dream , as with any dream , is based on trust .
But trust , to be maintained , must eventually be confirmed by reality .
The economic reality today is stagnation , rising unemployment , falling home prices , and bankruptcy .
Reality is catching up with stage four trust .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2008 LewRockwell.com
Now that the presents have all been opened many houses are covered in torn pieces of wrapping paper , ribbons , and tags .
You can gather it all up and toss it in the recycling bin , or reuse it yourself for some recycled craft fun .
Recycle your used wrapping paper into thank you cards to let people know how much you loved their gifts .
Making handmade cards like these is just one way to create special memories in your family .
Supplies
Cardstock
( You can find this at most craft stores for only a few dollars )
Glue
Scissors
Left over pieces of wrapping paper , ribbon , and tags
Take a sheet of cardstock and cut it into a 11 inch by 4 inch rectangle .
Fold your sheet of cardstock in half , pressing firmly across the folded edge to create a clean fold .
One half of the outside fold will be the front of your card .
Decorate this with your pieces of paper and ribbons , gluing them into place .
For unique cards create each one from the paper used by the gift giver you are sending it to .
If you do n’t feel very creative in designing your own thank you cards look to professional cards for ideas .
When in doubt remember that less is more .
Image : andrewds14 at Flickr under Creative Commons
