by
A judge of the New Jersey Superior Court has prohibited the scheduled release of a report on the security and accuracy of the Sequoia AVC Advantage voting machine .
Last June , Judge Linda Feinberg ordered Sequoia Voting Systems to turn over its source code to me ( serving as an expert witness , assisted by a team of computer scientists ) for a thorough examination .
At that time she also ordered that we could publish our report 30 days after delivering it to the Court–which should have been today .
Three weeks after we delivered the report , on September 24th Judge Feinberg ordered us not to release it .
This is part of a lawsuit filed by the Rutgers Constitutional Litigation Clinic , seeking to decommission of all of New Jersey ’s voting computers .
New Jersey mostly uses Sequoia AVC Advantage direct - recording electronic ( DRE ) models .
None of those DREs can be audited : they do not produce a voter verified paper ballot that permit each voter to create a durable paper record of her electoral choices before casting her ballot electronically on a DRE .
The legal basis for the lawsuit is quite simple : because there is no way to know whether the DRE voting computer is actually counting votes as cast , there is no proof that the voting computers comply with the constitution or with statutory law that require that all votes be counted as cast .
The question of whether this report can legally be suppressed was already argued once in this Court , in June 2008 , and the Court concluded then that it should be released ; I will discuss this below .
But as a matter of basic policy –of running a democracy –the public and legislators who want to know the basic facts about the reliability of their elections need to be able to read reports such as this one .
Members of the New Jersey Legislature –who need to act now because the NJ Secretary of State is not in compliance with laws the legislature passed in 2005 – have asked to read this report , but they are precluded by the Court ’s order .
Members of the public must decide now , in time to request an absentee ballot , whether to cast their ballot by absentee ( counted by optical scan ) or to vote on paperless DRE voting machines .
Citizens also need information so that they can communicate to their legislators their opinions about how New Jersey should conduct elections .
Even the Governor and the Secretary of State of New Jersey are not permitted , by the Court ’s order , to read this report in order to inform their policy making .
Examination of the AVC Advantage .
In the spring of 2008 , Judge Linda Feinberg ordered the defendants ( officials of the State of New Jersey ) to provide to the plaintiffs : ( a ) Sequoia AVC Advantage voting machines , ( b ) the source code to those voting machines , and ( c ) other specified information .
The Sequoia Voting Systems company , which had not been a party to the lawsuit , objected to the examination of their source code by the plaintiffs ’ experts , on the grounds that the source code contained trade secrets .
The Court recognized that concern , and crafted a Protective Order that permitted the plaintiffs ’ experts to examine the source code while protecting the trade secrets within it .
However , the Court Order , issued by Judge Feinberg on June 20 , does permit the plaintiffs ’ experts to release this report to the public at a specified time ( which has now arrived ) .
In fact , the clause of this Order that permits the release of the report was the subject of lengthy legal argument in May - June 2008 , and the plaintiffs ’ experts were not willing to examine the AVC Advantage machines under conditions that prevent public discussion of their findings .
I served as the plaintiffs ’ expert witness and led an examination team including myself and 5 other computer scientists ( Maia Ginsburg , Harri Hursti , Brian Kernighan , Chris Richards , and Gang Tan ) .
We examined the voting machines and source code during July - August 2008 .
On September 2nd we provided to the Court ( and to the defendants and to Sequoia ) a lengthy report concerning the accuracy and security of the Sequioa AVC Advantage .
The terms of the Court ’s Protective Order of June 20 permit us to release the report today , October 2nd .
However , on September 24 Judge Feinberg , “ with great reluctance , ” orally ordered the plaintiffs not to release the report on October 2nd , and not to publicly discuss their conclusions from the study .
She did so after the attorney for Sequoia grossly mischaracterized our report .
In order to respect the Judge ’s temporary stay , I can not now comment further on what the report does contain .
The plaintiffs are deeply troubled by the Court ’s issuance of what is essentially a temporary restraining order restricting speech , without any motion or briefing whatsoever .
Issuing such an order is an extreme measure , which should be done only in rare circumstances , and only if the moving party has satisfied its high burden of showing both imminent harm and likelihood of success on the merits .
Those two requirements have not been satisfied , nor can they be .
The plaintiffs have asked the Court to reconsider her decision to suppress our report .
The Court will likely hear arguments on this issue sometime in October .
We hope and expect that the Court will soon permit publication of our report .
A 16 foot high sculpture of an iceberg featuring a stranded polar bear and its cub was launched on the River Thames in London today to mark the launch of a new natural history TV channel .
A team of 15 artists spent two months constructing the 20′ x 20′ , three thousand pound , 100 % recyclable structure which was launched in Greenwich , South East London at 6:30 this morning .
The sculpture traveled 7.5 miles up the Thames before stopping beside Tower Bridge and the Houses of Parliament for a photo op .
>> Watch video of the polar bears on the Thames
The sculpture was specially commissioned to mark the launch of the new Natural History Television channel Eden , which starts today and features programming including Planet Earth and Attenborough Explores Our Fragile World .
Speaking about the sculpture , Sir David Attenborough said : “ The melting of the polar bears ’ sea ice habitat is one of the most pressing environmental concerns of our time .
I commend Eden for highlighting the issue ; we need to do what we can to protect the world ’s largest land carnivores from extinction . ”
The Thames is no stranger to unexpected mammalian visitors .
In January 2006 a seven - tonne bottle - nosed whale became trapped in shallow water near Battersea Bridge .
Other mammals which have strayed into The Thames include a family of Harbour Porpoises , which were spotted near Vauxhall Bridge in December 2004 .
Now that the polar bears ’ have finished their inaugural journey along the Thames , they will be taking their message about global warming ( and , of course , the new network ) to Hampstead Heath as well as key cities across the UK including Birmingham and Glasgow .
Images courtesy of : www.exploreeden.co.uk
From a CME employee who wished to remain
anonymous : " I can't tell you how encouraging
it is to know that the community cares . "
Would you continue to come into work each day if you were n't being paid , with no promise of when you 'd receive your paycheck ?
Many of us would n't , but these devs return to the office each day to continue making a game they believe in .
As gamers , we can understand their devotion , but their families should n't have to suffer .
Especially around what should be a joyous time of year .
Many families are facing tough economic times in late 2008 , and at Ten Ton Hammer we were been looking for some way to help .
We 've identified a number of CME parents that could use a helping hand with holiday expenses this year , and we 've opened a special fund just for them .
We collected donations in early December 2008 totaling $ 850 and made a matching donation to the fund for the ten premium subscriptions purchased during this time .
$ 1050 in Walmart gift cards ( we chose Walmart because its a one - stop shop for kids toys , clothing , and groceries ) was sent to be distributed among eight deserving families at CME in plenty of time for the holidays .
Our sincerest thanks to those who gave , and our heart continues to go out to the families affected .
Our thoughts and prayers go out to you during this holiday season .
We knew this day would eventually come , but somehow we 're still misting up a little -- Linux has been ported to the iPhone and iPod touch .
Dev
Team member planetbeing is the mastermind in charge of bringing everyone 's favorite open - source OS to Apple 's handhelds , and while it 's a little rough around the edges ( read : no touchscreen drivers , sound , or WiFi / cell radio support ) , it 's definitely the first step on the road to hacking nirvana .
The team is hard at work , and it even sounds like they 're thinking about porting Android in the near future (! ) , so hit the read link to try it out and lend a hand if you can -- or just head on past the break for a quick vid of the port in all its text - scrolling glory .
[ Via iphone - dev.org ; thanks to everyone who sent this in ]
Illustrations by Leah Buley
If you design user experiences for standards - based websites and applications ( i.e. those built with XHTML , CSS , and JavaScript ) , there are several great reasons for adding XHTML prototyping to your UX tool kit .
Perhaps you ’ve found that traditional wireframes just are n’t sufficient and are looking for more powerful ways to explore and communicate design solutions .
Perhaps your current practice is based on the traditional waterfall model ( i.e. first creating wireframes , which are handed off to creative , who hand off comps to tech , and so forth ) , and you want to explore more contemporary methodologies , such as agile and iterative development .
Regardless , a great way to embark on that journey is to start prototyping with XHTML .
So what does it mean to prototype with XHTML ?
Essentially , it ’s the process of using the XHTML itself , and related technologies , to evolve and define your design solution .
And what does an XHTML prototype look like ?
While , as we ’ll see , that depends on where you are in your prototyping process , an XHTML prototype generally looks like any other web page built with XHTML , with some links or features perhaps being non-functional .
In other words , anything you can build with XHTML , from consumer websites to enterprise applications , you can also prototype with XHTML .
As we ’ll see , there are numerous advantages to this approach compared to designing with wireframes or other prototyping tools .
An Iterative Process
While prototyping with XHTML is n’t tied to a specific design process , iterative development seems to effectively leverage its strengths .
There are many reasons for this , but perhaps the most significant is that in both cases the prototype , and later the application itself , doubles as a specification .
We ’ll explore what that means in a bit , but first let ’s walk through a suggested process for prototyping with XHTML .
Let us start with an overview of the larger design process :
In this ( iterative ) methodology , rather than design the entire application before starting to build it , one designs and builds a unit of the application and then uses what has been built to inform and serve as a starting point for other application units .
As with other design methods , the design work begins with sketching , which plays a particularly important role relative to prototyping .
Sketching : A Freeform Question
The term ‘ sketching ’ refers here to any freeform exploration unconstrained by a specific technology .
This includes production of wireframes , which in this model are reframed , as it were , from specification artifact to refined sketch .
When thought of , and presented to stakeholders , as sketches , its more natural to discard your wireframes once the design has evolved beyond them .
This is usually after a prototype equivalent has been produced .
With the design team I work with , we ’ve found that when prototyping with XHTML , wireframes often became superfluous , and it ’s more effective to go directly from sketch to prototype .
Prototyping : A Concrete Response
Prototyping has a counterpoint relationship to sketching .
To paraphrase Bill Buxton , while sketches ask a question —
“ Is this a good design idea ? ” — prototypes provide a response .
By making the idea manifest , prototypes force upon it the concrete realities and user experience idiosyncrasies of the actual production technology and offer a crisp verdict on the quality of what you dreamed up in drawings .
The Prototype / Build Relationship
When prototyping with XHTML , especially in an iterative model , the build and prototype become very intertwined .
If you ’re prototyping a new application or product , the XHTML prototype is essentially a rough draft of the actual application .
However , when updating the design of an existing application , the production version can serve as the starting point for the prototype of the new solution .
Three Integrated Layers : Structure , Behavior , Foundation
The model for XHTML prototyping is based on the best practices model for actual site production : start by setting the foundation with XHTML , add a presentation layer with CSS , follow it by a behavioral layer using JavaScript then iterate .
Let ’s start by looking at the structural layer .
Structure : Set the Page Foundation
The first step in production of the XHTML prototype is to create a structural foundation .
Similar to how we create a wireframe , we start by representing the main content areas on the page , except we do so with text - based XHTML markup .
| If our sketch or wireframe looks like this | … our XHTML might look like this : |
|^. |^. …
My Account
Account options
Account details
Account Help
…
( We ’re only displaying the relevant snippet of the XHTML here . ) |
Next , we add detailed content elements that have been defined , using the XHTML structure appropriate for the corresponding content .
| For example , if our detailed sketch looks like this | … we ’d represent the list of account help topics as an unordered list ( i.e. use the ul tag ) : |
|^. |^ .
…
…
|
Continuing to add detailed content to the page , we have essentially produced a structured content inventory of the page .
This serves as a foundation for the rest of the prototype production .
While wireframes force us to represent a page ’s information architecture within a specific layout , this is pure structure and hierarchy , and , in my opinion , represents the true information architecture of a web page .
By defining the information architecture directly in the XHTML , we can also easily define accessibility - specific attributes , such as being cognizant of how users traversing the page with a screen reader will experience the page , and order content blocks accordingly .
Additionally , we can more easily define elements often overlooked when working with wireframes , such as effective use ofLabel tags in forms .
If one were to view the structural layer in a browser , it would essentially look like an unstyled web page , and would not be interesting to look at .
Just as building foundations are not known for their aesthetic qualities , but instead for the impact their quality has on the building they support , so too will the quality of the page structure significantly impact the overall quality of the web page .
In fact , that absence of style is a key advantage of working with XHTML .
Evolving the Presentation Layer
With a page structure in place , we are ready to focus on how content will be presented .
Looking back at our sketches , we ’ve already explored some layout concepts , which we can begin to apply to our content structure .
The way that look and feel is developed and applied will vary widely from team to team .
While you may choose to do your initial exploration of look and feel with design comps , especially if you are also developing an overall brand , it ’s worthwhile to redefine comps similarly to how we previously redefined wireframes .
Just like wireframes are great as sketches , design comps are great for initial exploration of look and feel .
But the practice of fully developing the presentation layer away from the actual technology , and then cutting it up and applying it wholesale to a web page is like wallpapering a façade onto a building .
It ’s impossible to be aware of all the dynamic aspects of a web page when working in static illustration software .
However , when prototyping with XHTML , you can leverage the power of rendering your design in the same way that it will be seen by users , and incrementally evolve page presentation based on this immediate and rich feedback .
Issues that do n’t easily reveal themselves when working in illustration software will often be obvious .
This includes issues related to your design and the browser viewport , from the basic question of if the design should center itself in the browser window , to more advanced issues , such as how to design for different window sizes and browser resolutions .
For example , for small windows sizes , is it okay if some content disappears out of view , or should the design adapt to the window size ?
When look and feel is designed solely with illustration software , questions like this are often unexplored to the detriment of user experience .
Adding Behavior : Unreinventing the Wheel
When prototyping with XHTML , you are designing within the larger ecosystem of the web , which effectively becomes your always - up - to - date UI library .
Instead of laboring over the design of a detailed piece of functionality , start by letting Google inform you if anyone else has designed and built something similar , and then use that as the starting point for your solution .
This can include anything from date - pickers to web widgets to whatever cutting edge UI idea was just created .
Additionally , prototyping with XHTML makes it easy to incorporate and simulate Web 2.0 functionality , such as embedded widgets and syndication .
If you do n’t know JavaScript , or whatever technology is being used , you can collaborate with your developer on integrating the solution .
Of course , you ’re not going to find a solution for all your design needs online .
In those cases , go back to sketching and collaborating with your team .
Iteration : Discovery , Evolution
The true power of prototyping really emerges during iteration
This is when users can interact with your prototype .
On a recent project , we sketched out a solution in which users could drag videos from a library onto a playlist .
Looking at the static illustrations , it seemed a simple and elegant idea .
But when users were able to interact with the solution , dragging and dropping video thumbnails , they found that it was a pretty tedious activity , especially for large numbers of videos .
In other words , the prototype allowed us to discover a design problem that went unnoticed when looking at a wireframe .
And therein lies a core problem with using static artifacts to communicate interactive solutions ; they effectively force the user to prototype the solution in their imagination , where all solutions seem to function in glorious perfection .
With XHTML , we minimize the cognitive leap that users need to make , allowing them to instead experience and respond to something nearly identical to the actual solution .
Once users provide feedback and the team begins work on the next iteration , another measure of the quality of the prototyping methodology comes into play : how rapidly are you able to iterate ?
The longer an iteration takes , the less valuable your prototype .
When prototyping with XHTML , iterations can be incredibly fast , first because the prototype can be easily presented to users , since it ’s usually just a question of posting your files and sending out a URL .
Second , because XHTML is text - based , iterations such as text changes or basic functional updates can often be completed in just a few minutes .
More advanced design updates usually do n’t take more than a few hours of actual production time .
How XHTML Can Double as a Specification
One of the most powerful aspects of XHTML is that it is self - describing .
The same XHTML markup that tells a browser what to display can also double as a specification for a developer .
For example …
This markup ^ .
Would be read as ^. ^.
“ This is the start of the header content block . ” ^. XYZ Application “ display the product name , which should link to the homepage ” ^. Signed in as Jane Smith ( Editor ) ; ^. “ display user information , including the user ’s role ( or set of application permissions ”
In buzzword - speak , the practice we are applying here is writing semantically meaningful markup , which means we are selecting tags and naming our IDs and Classes such that they communicate the meaning and function of the content they enclose .
Annotations Visible Only to Those Who Care About Them
Another advantage of using XHTML as a specification is that IDs and Class names can double as annotation references .
In other words , the annotations for the content block with the ID “ account - options ” would appear under the heading “ Account Options ” in your specification .
Rather than obscure and clutter a page design by placing annotation callouts on top of it , a common practice when using wireframes , that may confuse and distract non-technical viewers , references are only in the markup view for developers who are interested in seeing them .
And since the XHTML file itself is so richly informative , the actual annotations written tend to only be short bullet points .
More Standards , Less Noise
One of the biggest problems with wireframes is the lack of a standardized notation .
In other words , my wireframes certainly do n’t look anything like your wireframes .
This means that visual designers and developers who use wireframes are continually relearning how to interpret our work , leading to noise between author and reader .
To compensate for the lack of a standard , we have to create highly detailed wireframes , with often lengthy annotations that explain what our wireframes mean and how elements in them work .
These , in turn , are collected in large specification documents that usually are so labor - intensive they become impossible to maintain .
When they are no longer kept up - to - date , the team stops trusting and relying on them as the design specification , which leads to all kinds of bad things happening .
In contrast to wireframes , XHTML is a standardized notation , anyone who knows XHTML can read your document .
More importantly , it is a language spoken fluently by a key target audience of your design documents , the developers .
And those who do n’t know or care about XHTML can view the part they do care about , the page design , by opening the document in a browser .
Using a standardized notation also means you are not confined to specialized wireframing or prototyping software , but can use anything from a simple text editor to the range of tools available for editing XHTML files .
Also the compact syntax of XHTML , particularly compared to verbose wireframe annotations , combined with the fact that you are just typing in a text file , leaving it to a browser to deal with the visuals , allows you to work rapidly and efficiently .
A Small Amount of Knowledge Goes a Long Way
If you ’re new to XHTML , you ’ll discover that a small amount of knowledge goes a long way .
Spend just a few hours following any of the innumerable online tutorials and you ’ll be writing XHTML markup in no time .
( Two great places to start are htmldog.com or w3schools.com )
Better yet , rather than invest time learning the UX tool du jour , you deepen your understanding of the technology that realizes your design .
Dividing and Conquering
The redefining of a wireframe from a blueprint to a sketch has a domino effect on who does what and when in evolving the page or application design .
After a rough page design has been sketched out , rather than have one team member toil away in isolation , wireframing detailed representations of each page design , this model takes a divide - and - conquer approach .
On the team I work with , I might produce an initial cut of the XHTML and some of the CSS , while other team members build on that , updating the XHTML , adding more advanced CSS , as well as JavaScript .
If the team as a whole conceives of a solution , why not also have the team as a whole design it ?
In other words , rather than creating one person ’s vision of a team ’s solution , why not have the entire team contribute their particular expertise ?
When working with XHTML , we can use the tight integration of CSS and JavaScript to allow team members to contribute their dimension of the design via a set of integrated artifacts .
Where To Go From Here
This has , of course , been a mere whetting of the appetite for anyone interested in prototyping with XHTML .
If you are interested in exploring the methodology further , particularly if you currently follow a traditional waterfall - oriented process , I recommend a many - small - steps approach .
In other words , prototype the methodology itself , working with your team on a small project , and then building on that .
If your experience is anything like mine , you ’ll find it an incredibly powerful addition to your UX toolbox — a more effective way to straddle that proverbial divide between user experience and technology .
Economy Recovery Plan for the United States , by Philip Greenspun , November 2008
Site Home : Politics : One Article
Just as in the Great Depression , uncertainty about government action causes businesses to defer investment and job creation .
Why build a factory if you do n't know what the tax rates are going to be ?
Is it reasonable to spend cash if customers ' purchasing power continues to drop ?
( Reference : The Forgotten Man ) .
Precious little business investment is going forward worldwide .
The only chance for the United States to recover is if we can capture most of this investment .
How can we do that ?
We would have to convince businesses that this is the best country in the world in which to invest and operate .
What we need to promise
world 's lowest percentage of GDP ( among developed nations ) spent on government ; only with a low spend will investors have faith that taxes will stay low
corporate governance that relieves investors from worry that profits will be siphoned off by management
flexible capital expense depreciation schedule so that a company does n't have to pay taxes when it is cashflow - negative
world 's best school system and best educated workers
world 's cheapest transportation system and one that is virtually free from uncertainty caused by congestion
predictable product liability system
less labor market regulation
immigration that encourages high earners
Reducing Government Spending
We need to set a credible goal of reducing government spending to 30 percent of GDP within two years and 27 percent within five years .
If we can't count on vibrant economic growth , this will involve dramatic changes to government benefits .
We 'll probably have to do most of the following :
start paying full Social Security at age 70 rather than the current 67
reduce the scope of Medicare and Medicaid , e.g. , start Medicare at age 70 rather than the current 65
start paying public employee pensions at age 70 rather than the current system in which many workers may collect benefits starting in their 40s or 50s ( example ) ; the average American will need to work until he or she is 70 and can't afford to pay taxes to give 53 - year - old former public employees 100 percent of their old salary , adjusted for inflation , for another 30 - 40 years ( example )
scale back our military ambitions , closing a lot of overseas bases and abandoning attempts to build nations ( we can still afford to bomb people who do n't like us )
eliminate government - owned housing so that these properties can be returned to the tax base and used to their full potential ( it might be nice to be able to offer five years of free housing in some of our most expensive cities to illegal immigrants such as Obama 's Aunt Zeituni , but we can't afford it anymore )
abandon the war on drugs and associated expenses for police , judges , lawyers , and prisons
eliminate public employee unions ; the average American does n't get a union paycheck and can't afford to pay union labor rates ; the government is not supposed to be such an abusive employer that a union is necessary for worker safety
eliminate the requirement to use union labor on public works projects ; it should n't cost the taxpayers more to build a structure than it would cost Microsoft or Google
eliminate farm subsidies , which raise prices to consumers , distort the market by encouraging monoculture and overproduction of crops such as corn , and have staggering direct costs to taxpayers ( the 2007 farm bill was budgeted at $ 300 billion ; source )
What about Keynes ?
Japan is a good example of the failure of Keynesian economics in the globalized era .
The country spent hugely on public works projects in the 1990s , digging an enormous debt hole for its future citizens ( 170 percent of GDP ; compare to 60 percent of GDP for the U.S. ( source ) ) .
What was the result ?
Its largest corporations invested substantially in growth and created a lot of new jobs ... in China , Thailand , Vietnam , etc .
The domestic economy stagnated .
Investor Representation on Public Company Boards
If current trends continue , the CEO and the rest of the executive team will eventually have salaries that consume 100 percent of a public company 's profits and they will collect half ownership of the company via stock options every few years .
Who would want to invest in that ?
Corporations are supposed to operate for the benefit of shareholders .
The only way that this can happen is if a majority of Directors are nominated by and selected by shareholders .
It may have been the case that social mores in the 1950s constrained CEO - nominated Boards from paying their friend $ 50 million per year , but those mores are apparently gone and the present structure in which management regulates itself serves only to facilitate large - scale looting by management .
[ Photo at right : Typical Greenwich , CT home of Executive VP of Fortune 500 company . ]
Depreciation of Capital Expenses
When the economy or an industry goes into the toilet , the government comes up with various " bonus depreciation " schemes that allow businesses to deduct capital expenses faster .
The idea is to encourage capital spending , which tends to generate jobs and economic growth .
It looks as though we have moved into the toilet for the foreseeable future .
Why not simply allow a business to deduct capital expenses however seems most advantageous or sensible to them ?
If a computer system is expected to last for two years , the business can deduct half this year and half next year rather than abide by the standard IRS 5 - year schedule for computers .
If the business is cashflow - negative , it can expense enough of its capital expenses in the current year to reduce its tax bill to zero .
The IRS will still get its money eventually because , just as with the current system , the business 's total deduction for a capital item over the years cannot exceed the original cost .
Want a company to replace its fleet of trucks ?
Want a company to build a new factory ?
These expenditures might result in the company burning through some cash .
Let 's not discourage this investment by simultaneously forcing them to raise more cash to pay a tax bill .
Education
Nobody has ever made a compelling argument for how having unionized teachers helps students .
Nor has anyone ever made a compelling argument for how having tenured teachers helps student performance .
Our country 's best performing schools ( all of them private ) have non-unionized teaching staffs .
We can't afford to experiment with unionized teachers anymore .
The government created the right for public employees to unionize and it can remove that right very quickly if it has the political will .
How good a job would you do at your company if customers were required by law to buy your product ?
That 's the situation faced by public school management today .
It would be illegal for a 14 - year - old not to attend the local school , unless his or her family can scratch up a huge tuition payment for a private school .
We need to set a deadline by which every American family has the choice to send children to a school other than the local one .
There would n't be a problem with " failing schools " anymore because parents would have withdrawn nearly all of their kids from such a school and the building would end up being taken over by a new school with new management .
Currently we force nearly all of our children to attend their local school where they are taught by unionized mostly tenured employees .
It is n't working .
Businesses are n't fooled .
We keep slipping behind other countries in the subject areas that matter in the highest paying jobs .
We need to take action drastic enough to convince investors that our graduates 10 years from now will be fully competitive with those of the world 's smartest countries .
Transportation System Reform
Mass transit is critical to business in the parts of our country where workers use public transit to get to work .
Public transit unions should be eliminated because a strike at a mass transit system can shut down an entire city , as has happened several times in New York due to subway system and commuter rail strikes ( see this New York Times article on the Long Island Rail Road for example ) .
It is difficult enough to make the decision to invest right now and create jobs .
We can't also ask businesses to wonder if their employees will be able to get to work .
Should we spend more on mass transit ?
If we can take the funds out of congestion fees , if we can have the systems built and operated by private companies using non-union labor ... maybe .
Predictable Product Liability System
We need a fixed range of prices for people killed or injured by products , similar to workman 's compensation but with much higher numbers and taking into account the victim's age , education level , and other factors that determine lifetime earning potential .
Punitive damages must be eliminated and a manufacturer 's liability for its products or actions should be limited to no more than 20 years after the product was shipped .
( Note that a similar time limit was signed into law by President Clinton for aircraft manufacturers and had a big positive effect on the industry . )
[ More : a story about a lawsuit that put an aircraft carburetor manufacturer out of business ]
Labor Market Deregulation
Eliminating state and federal minimum wages would send a message to business that it will be safe to operate in the U.S. even in the event of deflation .
Our system of discrimination against workers on the basis of race or sex ( " affirmative action " ) should be eliminated .
When we were rich we could argue about the benefits of government , non-profit organizations , and private companies trying to have a specific mix of race and sex among workers .
Now we can't afford to spend time arguing about whether a person of the right color or sex was hired .
An employer will be lucky to be able to afford to hire anyone and they should be able to hire the best - qualified candidate without fear that they will be sued for not hiring someone with the right skin color or chromosomes .
[ Note that this is not an argument for eliminating laws requiring equal opportunity . ]
Substitute Web - based Education and Trade for Foreign Aid
It would send a good message to investors if they knew that all of the money that they and their workers paid in taxes would be used to improve and maintain U.S. infrastructure .
Where would it leave poor countries if we eliminated all current foreign aid programs ?
The most valuable thing that a poor country can get from the world 's advanced countries is knowledge .
This was true when the only way to distribute knowledge was by physically transporting books , students , and teachers .
It remains true now that the cost of distributing knowledge has fallen nearly to zero .
In terms of long - term development , Wikipedia is already probably more valuable to poor countries than all of the foreign aid that they receive .
So let 's give them more knowledge , but in a way that benefits Americans equally and does not sound like throwing good money after bad .
There are people all over the U.S. and all over the world who would benefit from an improved education .
We now have the technology to give it to them at a marginal cost of $ 0 per motivated student .
Putting textbooks , problem sets and solutions , project challenges , and lectures online costs next to nothing .
Providing Web - based collaboration environments for students to work together with each other and with volunteer tutors is also inexpensive .
Online teaching materials and online classrooms can make a huge difference in the life of a poor but motivated person .
Should we call it foreign aid ?
No .
We build it for Americans and if citizens of other countries want to use it , we welcome them as well .
There are plenty of Americans who need a lot more education if they are to compete in the global workforce .
What else do poor people in foreign countries get from Americans ?
A lot of private aid and probably much more if we could restore the U.S. economy to health .
Already private donations from Americans are larger than current official aid ( source ) .
Poor countries also get some help from the existence of the U.S. military .
Even in a scaled - back form , the U.S. military discourages piracy and other lawless behavior .
This makes it cheaper and more efficient to trade .
Foreign governments that are friendly to U.S. policy interests could also avail themselves of military training and aid .
What else could we do that would sustainably improve the lives of people in poor countries ?
Trade !
We can buy their products .
We can start by eliminating quotas and tariffs on products from poor countries , especially agricultural products .
It would be nice to continue to enrich America 's sugar producers , but domestic consumers can't afford it anymore and certainly people in poor sugar - producing countries are suffering because of reduced demand from the U.S. and the substitution of corn syrup .
( see Wikipedia for more )
Let 's start with a simple message that business investors can embrace : " We 've eliminated all U.S. foreign aid spending . "
Immigration Policy
With our crushing overhang of government debt , entitlement programs , and public - employee pensions , the only question we can afford to ask about an immigrant is " How much in taxes will this person pay and for how long ? "
Countries such as New Zealand apply a point system .
Being young gets points , as a young person will have more working and taxpaying years before retiring and drawing on taxpayer funds for healthcare , pension , etc .
Being well - educated gets point , as educated people have higher earnings and pay higher taxes .
Being wealthy gets points .
Having a health problem , or children with a health problem , results in a subtraction of points .
How would recent immigrants to the U.S. do on such a point system ?
Let 's look at Barack Obama 's Aunt Zeituni .
She came to the U.S. at the age of 50 .
She does not seem to have been especially well educated or wealthy .
She seems to have been a net absorber of taxpayer dollars by ( 1 ) having worked only for the government here , and ( 2 ) living at taxpayer expense in city - and state - owned housing .
Surely it would be interesting to talk to Aunt Zeituni , but American taxpayers would have been a lot better off financially if she had stayed in Kenya and they had talked to her via an Internet videoconference link .
Unconventional Ideas ?
How about federal politicians ?
They spend all of their time in Washington , D.C. , surrounded by wealth and beautiful marble architecture .
They give speeches every day where they refer to the U.S. as the greatest country in the world .
Humans are highly suggestible and we eventually begin to believe our own rhetoric .
A person who is constantly saying how the U.S. is the world 's best country is unable to imagine that a multinational company might move its headquarters to Ireland or Dubai and turn the U.S. operation into one of many local subsidiaries .
The business manager sees a newspaper article about how South Korea public school graduates have the highest math achievement of any nation worldwide and thinks " Maybe we should set up a laboratory over there . "
The politician thinks " How can I use this number to damage my opponent in the next election ? "
The more skilled , experienced , and successful the politician , the less likely he or she is to consider how the U.S. compares to other countries for a long - term business investment .
Unfortunately for the average citizen , without long - term business investment the U.S. is going to suffer from extremely high rates of unemployment .
Conclusion
Why do so much so quickly ?
These changes will require a lot of political will , which normally could not be mustered to alter the status quo .
With 20 or 30 percent of Americans facing a realistic probability of losing their jobs , however , there is a chance that everyone will agree .
philg@mit.edu
Reader 's Comments
Economy ----LETS CUT THE CRAP
The economy is in a bad way and sinking fast .
This is largely a result of NAFTA which has cost the loss of jobs to foreign manufacturing .
No one thought to level the playing field which Iowas already tilted with their lower wages .
We are in this together .
It is not labor vs , management or government against corporations .
It is simply American manufacturing vs , foreign manufacturing .
Manufacturing is the backbone to our economy .
Until we can level the playing field , we do n't stand a prayer of recovering .
Here is probably the only way to do that .
1 . Government must become friendly with manufacturing , not adversarial .
New jobs must start from manufacturing .
The countries who have taken our manufacturing jobs do n't have all the corporate taxes and government restrictions on manufacturing that we do .
These taxes were a way our politicians could get money with out getting citizens outraged .
Ultimately citizens have to pay these taxes which companies had to pass on in the price of the products .
If manufacturing is going to come back this needs to be addressed in a big way .
And o by the way , how are these taxes going to be made up now that companies are going bankrupt or have much lower earnings ?
2 . In addition , labor must become friendly with manufacturing management .
Unions must work towards manufacturing effectiveness .
Wages must be made realistic , but even more important , work rules that inhibit effectiveness must be abolished .
Remember , we are in this together and hopefully learned that if corporations do n't profit , there is no reason for them to stay in business .
; 3 . Maximum manufacturing cost effectiveness can only be reached by leveling production rates .
Changing rates disrupts the factory negatively effecting every cost in the factory BIG TIME .
This was the real secret to the successful Toyota System .
They call it smooth loading .
This is what makes Just - in - time and kazians effective , not the reverse .
This was Americanized , and successfully implemented in two large plants , and documented in a book entitled ' Level Loading Production ' .
The reason this has not been incorporated further is that the CEO 's come from their financial and marketing divisions and do n't understand manufacturing .
Further exacerbating this is that most financial systems they use are built for pricing not manufacturing effectiveness .
This gives out the wrong message leading to bad decisions .
4 . We must lower the cost of energy .
In the short run this means tapping our oil resources off shore and Alaska .
In the long run , ways to develop alternate sources of energy must be encouraged .
It appears that the development of alternate sources has been stymied by the threat of oil companies lowering prices making the alternate source non competitive which discourages capital going into this effort .
Notice to treehuggers :- when we get cold and hungry - stand aside , that tree will become our firewood .
The hard part is finding the leadership to get this done ?
It is essential to our way of life .
Thank you For your time Jim Kirwan ( 40 years in manufacturing ) jjkirwan@juno.com
-- james kirwan , October 16 , 2009
As far as education is concerned , I simply cannot understand the resistance in some quarters to voucher arrangements .
I do n't have empirical evidence , but my sense is that we have the most effective university system in the world .
It consists of a mix of private and public institutions .
The private institutions range from those closely associated with a religious body , e.g. BYU , to the godless Ivies ( my tongue only partly planted in my cheek ) .
Individuals choose their college and in many cases government or other funds are available to subsidize , in whole or in part , the tuition and other costs .
Were we to mimic this system at the lower levels in our educational system , I think there would be a number of advantages that would accrue .
First , we would see a wide range of choices for education .
New and innovative schools would be able to compete in the marketplace for the education subsidies that parents would receive .
One might see , for example more technical or trade schools , that would be able to better serve those who might be more interested in that than in a traditional high school education .
Or one might see institutions that provide a better learning environment for those who have disabilities .
Second , teachers , at least teachers who work at their craft , will be in demand and will be able to command salaries more commensurate with their abilities than with an artificial ceiling set by a union negotiation that looks to protect the jobs of the least skilled members .
Thirdly , parents would be empowered by their ability to spend their education dollars directly .
Under the current system , a parent dissatisfied with his / her public school has few options unless they have a the financial wherewithal to move to the private school system .
At the appropriate election cycle , they can look to remove the politicians responsible for the system , but often that is a chimerical option .
The weight of a single vote in an election is diluted by all of the other participants whose voting choices may have little to do with the school system .
By contrast , a parent with dollars to spend get a direct vote every single day of the year .
If a school is not fulfilling the needs of the child , the parent has the option of taking those dollars elsewhere .
-- Edward Shea , October 27 , 2009
I quoted Philip Greenspun 's Economic Recovery Plan on my blog : http://lessco2essay.blogspot.com/2010/10/how-to-write-economic-recovery-plan.html
Part of the rhetoric of a generic economic recovery plan is ( in part ) trying to restore an older previous state of affairs .
In writing my own Economic Recovery Plan , I ran into difficulties because I defined the problems very broadly .
The outcome is in the following posts : I settled for a few very narrow proposals that are not a return to the past at all .
Recovery , if it happens , will be a side effect of moving ahead .
My perception of the kind of change that can happen in 11/2010 is the name of these kind of plans needs to change .
Instead of " recovery " the rhetoric should be built around a sense of " advancement " or " moving ahead " .
Instead of thinking of reviving manufacturing , I suggest we take the digital computing capabilities and thermodynamic and microeconomic realities that are dimly visible and bite down hard .
-- Lee McKusick , December 1 , 2010
A recurring theme in the document is the need to convince investors to make investments in the US .
7 years after the document is written , US stock prices have soared , corporate bond yields have reached unprecedented lows , and still , I 've been recently advised to invest heavily in the US because other options ( Europe , Japan , emerging markets ) are significantly worse .
It looks like the US turned out very competitive in terms of attracting investment capital , without implementing most of the changes proposed in the document .
Perhaps the explanation is that it 's been helped by the way competing economies are run .
Then there 's QE ...
-- Yossi Kreinin , December 26 , 2015
Yossi : Great observation .
People certainly have been enthusiastic about buying existing U.S. assets , such as real estate in Manhattan .
When I wrote the article I was thinking about companies building factories , buying and installing machines for those factories , etc . " Investment Falls Off a Cliff " is a 2012 WSJ article that says " U.S. companies are scaling back investment plans at the fastest pace since the recession , ... "
What I would like to see is a chart showing the total spent worldwide on potentially productive investments such as factories and equipment that goes inside a factory and then the percentage of that total spent in the U.S.
To me that would best show the competitive position of the U.S .
-- Philip Greenspun , December 26 , 2015
Steve Bell on George Bush
The Guardian cartoonist looks back at his years drawing the outgoing US president .
Click below to play
About The Author Noura Yehia is a Web designer and blogger and the former owner of noupe.com .
If you want to connect with the author , you can follow her on Twitter .
More about Noura Yehia …
45 + New jQuery Techniques For Good User Experience
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
j Query is one of the most popular JavaScript frameworks , with powerful tools that improve the user ’s interaction with Web applications .
jQuery has an additional advantage in that it allows developers to select elements on a page using CSS - like syntax .
over 45 impressive jQuery plug-ins and techniques that have been recently created and that could make the development of your next website an easier and more interesting experience than the last .
You may want to take a look at the following related posts : * 75 ( Really ) Useful JavaScript Techniques * 80 + AJAX - Solutions For Professional Coding * 60 More AJAX - and Javascript Solutions For Professional Coding JavaScipt libraries have made huge leaps and bounds in helping developers write code and develop products more quickly .is one of the most popular JavaScript frameworks , with powerful tools that improve the user ’s interaction with Web applications .
jQuery has an additional advantage in that it allows developers to select elements on a page using CSS - like syntax .
To help you take it up a notch , we share below some methods that can help you give visitors to your website an amazing user experience .
Here arethat have been recently created and that could make the development of your next website an easier and more interesting experience than the last .
You may want to take a look at the following related posts : * jQuery and JavaScript Coding : Examples and Best Practices
JavaScript libraries have made huge leaps and bounds in helping developers write code and develop products more quickly .
jQuery is one of the most popular JavaScript frameworks , with powerful tools that improve the user ’s interaction with Web applications .
jQuery has an additional advantage in that it allows developers to select elements on a page using CSS - like syntax .
To help you take it up a notch , we share below some methods that can help you give visitors to your website an amazing user experience .
Here are over 45 impressive jQuery plug-ins and techniques that have been recently created and that could make the development of your next website an easier and more interesting experience than the last .
You may want to take a look at the following related posts :
Dynamic Content
1. Build A Login Form With jQuery
In this tutorial , we ’ll create a sliding panel , that slides in to reveal more content , using JQuery to animate the height of the panel .
In this case , we will be creating a hypothetical login for the new tutsplus area that ’s coming soon .
2. Spoiler Revealer with jQuery A simple technique that hides some content first and fades it in once a link is clicked .
AJAX Upload
This AJAX file upload plug - in allows users to easily upload multiple files without having to refresh the page .
In addition , you can use any element to trigger the file selection window .
The plug - in creates a semi- transparent file input screen over the button you specify , so when a user clicks on the button , the normal file selection window is shown .
After the user selects a file , the plug - in submits the form that contains the file input to an iFrame .
So it is n’t true AJAX but provides the same user experience .
4. FCBKcomplete Give your users fancy Facebook - like dynamic inputs , with auto - complete and pre-added values .
Create Accessible Charts Using Canvas and jQuery
This tool is proof that you can use the < canvas > element to illustrate HTML table data .
The idea is a good one : putting the data in a table allows it to remain accessible , while the chart can be shown for visual enhancement .
Form Manipulation
6. Radio Button and Check Box Replacement
This jQuery tool replaces radio buttons and check boxes with a more appealing display .
7. Submit a Form without a Page Refresh
j Query AJAX Contact Form
Here is a quick and easy way to make a jQuery AJAX contact form with a “ honeypot ” to foil email bots , load success and error messages dynamically without leaving the page and provide descriptive error messages detailing why submitted values have failed validation .
9. Simple jQuery Form Validation
This jQuery form shows live form - input validators both server - side and browser - side .
Navigation Menus
j Query Context Menu
A context menu plug - in for jQuery that features easy implementation , keyboard shortcuts , CSS styling and control methods .
11 . Kwicks for jQuery Kwicks for jQuery started off as a port of the incredibly attractive MooTools framework , but has evolved into a highly customizable and versatile widget .
j Query iPod-style Drilldown Menu
“ We created an iPod - style drilldown menu to help users traverse hierarchical data quickly and with control .
It ’s especially helpful when organizing large data structures that do n’t translate well into traditional dropdown or fly - out menus . ”
j Query File Tree
The jQuery File
Tree is a configurable AJAX file - browser plug - in for jQuery .
You can create a customized , fully - interactive file tree with as little as one line of JavaScript code .
14 . How to Create a MooTools Home Page - Inspired Navigation Effect
In this tutorial , you ’ll recreate the same effect seen in MooTools ’s menu , but in jQuery !
15 . CSS Sprites2
This tutorial demonstrates how to implement inline CSS Sprites2 using jQuery .
Manipulating Content
16 . jQuery books widget With some custom JavaScript and jQuery magic you can create some interesting widgets .
A good way to demonstrate this functionality is by building a browsable Amazon.com books widget .
17 . Text Size Slider
This tutorial explains how to use a slider to control the text size of an article on a page .
This lets the user control exactly the size that suits them , and is also a pretty impressive feature to have on a site .
18 . Pagination Create navigational elements : when you have a large number of items , you can group them into pages and present navigational elements that allow users to move from one page to another .
Coda - Slider
As with the last tool , groups items together using navigational elements that allow users to move from one page to another .
20 . Creating a Slick Auto - Playing Featured - Content Slider
If you love the Coda - Slider plug - in for jQuery , then you will find this plug - in very useful for displaying lots of content in a small area .
This nice plug - in adds some features not found in the original Coda - Slider , such as slowly cycling through panels , auto - playing different types of custom content .
An arrow indicator serves as a visual indication of which panel you are currently viewing .
Demo can be found here .
Download files here .
21 . haccordion A simple horizontal accordion plug - in for jQuery .
Tabular Data and Grids
Table Row Checkbox Toggle
This tool generically adds a toggle function to any table row you specify based on a CSS class name .
It will , by default , toggle on any check boxes within that table row .
23 . Tablesorter Tablesorter is a jQuery plug - in that turns a standard HTML table with < th > and < td > tags into a sortable table without the need for page refreshes .
Tablesorter can successfully parse and sort many types of data , including linked data , in a cell .
TableEditor TableEditor provides flexible in - place editing of HTML tables .
User - defined handler functions can easily be dropped in to update , for example , a data source via an AJAX request .
25 . Scrollable HTML Table
This JavaScript code can be used to convert ordinary HTML tables into scrollable ones .
Lightbox Techniques
26 . Revealing Photo Slider Learn how to create a thumbnail photo gallery , where clicking a button reveals the entire photo and more information about that photo .
27 . FancyBox FancyBox was born to automatically scale large images to fit in windows , adding a nice drop - shadow under the zoomed item .
It can be used to group related items and add navigation between them ( using a pre-loading function ) .
FancyBox is totally customizable through settings and CSS .
28 . Facebox Image and Content Viewer Facebox is a lightweight Facebook - style Lightbox that can display images , divs , and even entirely remote pages ( via AJAX ) inline on a page and on demand .
It uses the compact jQuery library as its engine , unlike Lightbox v2.0 , which uses Prototype .
jQuery .popeye jQuery .
popeye is a plug - in that transforms an unordered list of images into a simple image gallery .
When an image is clicked , it enlarges Lightbox - style .
The images are displayed in a box with “ Previous ” and “ Next ” controls , and information about the images can be included .
Image Galleries and Viewers
30 . Simple Controls Gallery Simple Controls Gallery rotates and displays each image by fading it into view over the previous one , with navigation controls that pop up when the mouse hovers over the gallery .
The controls allow the user to play , pause or jump to a specific image in the gallery .
Agile Carousel
This jQuery plug - in allows you to easily create a custom carousel .
Use the jQuery UI to enable many different types of transition .
The plug - in uses PHP to call images from the folder you specify .
Configure many different options including controls , slide timer length , easing type , transition type and more !
Browser Tweaks
32 . Setting Equal Heights with jQuery A script to equalize the heights of boxes within the same container and create a tidy grid .
33 . jQuery IE6 PNG Transparency Fix Another IE6 PNG fix that uses jQuery selectors to automatically fix all PNG images on a page .
34 . BGI frame
This tool helps ease the pain of dealing with IE z - index issues .
You can find a demo here .
35 . Fix Overflow IE puts scroll bars inside overflowing elements , and if an element is only one line , the scroll bar will cover it .
This plug - in fixes that issue .
36 . Lazy Load Lazy Load delays the loading of images below the fold on long pages .
As the user scrolls down , the images are loaded as needed .
Check out the demo here .
37 . Maxlength
It ’s a fairly common design practice to limit the number of characters a user can input in a field while giving feedback on how many spaces are left .
This plug - in automates that task .
Animation Effects
Scrollable Scrollable is a flexible and lightweight ( 3.9 KB ) jQuery plug - in for creating scrollable content .
Scrollable items can contain any HTML , such as text , images , forms , video or any combination of them .
You can make items scroll horizontally or vertically and decide how many items are visible at once .
39 . jQuery Fading Menu - Replacing Content “ Instead of thinking about CSS as page layout and a way to style your page when it loads , you can use in animation and change it on - the - fly to react to events that happen on your page .
Take for example a menu .
You can take the “ click ” event that happens when clicking on a menu to do lots of stuff . ”
40 . Build an Animated Cartoon Robot with jQuery
This effect simulates a faux 3 - D animated background reminiscent of old - school side - scrolling video games ( and not unlike the parallax effect ) .
This effect is created by layering several empty divs over each other , with transparent PNGs as background images .
The backgrounds are animated at different speeds using jQuery .
Flip Flip is a plug - in for jQuery that “ flips ” page elements in four directions .
Compatible with Firefox 2+ , Internet Explorer 6 + , Safari 3.1 ( for Windows ) and Google Chrome .
Download files here .
42 . Use jQuery for Background Image Animations Animate your menu whenever a user hovers over an item with this effect .
Image Manipulation
43 . Jcrop Jcrop is the quick and easy way to add image - cropping functionality to your Web application .
It combines the ease of use of a typical jQuery plug - in with a powerful cross- platform DHTML cropping engine that is faithful to familiar desktop graphics applications .
44 . jQZoom JQZoom is a JavaScript image magnifier that makes it really easy to magnify what you want .
It is easy to customize and works on all modern browsers .
Miscellaneous
Date Range Picker
A rich date - range widget that uses the jQuery UI ’s date picker and some additional custom interaction .
46 . Sortable Lists Unordered lists are commonly used to structure a website ’s navigation .
Having the ability to re-order such lists would be extremely useful .
Here is a method to easily save and reload the list element order without getting lost as the page is refreshed .
47 . Amazing Music Player Using Mouse Gestures and Hotkeys Learn how to create an amazing music player , coded in XHTML and jQuery , that makes use of mouse gestures and hotkeys .
You can click and drag the mouse to interact with the music player ’s interface or use directional keys and the space bar instead of the mouse .
Script for Tracking Outbound Links in Google Analytics with jQuery
This code snippet uses Google Analytics and jQuery to automatically track outbound links .
This interesting script enhances behavior by comparing the link ’s domain to the current page ’s domain and , if they are different , triggering the behavior .
This is helpful when using a CMS or other tool that generates full URLs , including the “ http : // , ” instead of relative ones .
Flip Flip is a plug - in for jQuery that “ flips ” page elements in four directions .
Compatible with Firefox 2+ , Internet Explorer 6 + , Safari 3.1 ( for Windows ) and Google Chrome .
Download files here .
42 . Use jQuery for Background Image Animations Animate your menu whenever a user hovers over an item with this effect .
Image Manipulation
43 . Jcrop Jcrop is the quick and easy way to add image - cropping functionality to your Web application .
It combines the ease of use of a typical jQuery plug - in with a powerful cross- platform DHTML cropping engine that is faithful to familiar desktop graphics applications .
44 . jQZoom JQZoom is a JavaScript image magnifier that makes it really easy to magnify what you want .
It is easy to customize and works on all modern browsers .
Miscellaneous
Date Range Picker
A rich date - range widget that uses the jQuery UI ’s date picker and some additional custom interaction .
46 . Sortable Lists Unordered lists are commonly used to structure a website ’s navigation .
Having the ability to re-order such lists would be extremely useful .
Here is a method to easily save and reload the list element order without getting lost as the page is refreshed .
47 . Amazing Music Player Using Mouse Gestures and Hotkeys Learn how to create an amazing music player , coded in XHTML and jQuery , that makes use of mouse gestures and hotkeys .
You can click and drag the mouse to interact with the music player ’s interface or use directional keys and the space bar instead of the mouse .
Script for Tracking Outbound Links in Google Analytics with jQuery
This code snippet uses Google Analytics and jQuery to automatically track outbound links .
This interesting script enhances behavior by comparing the link ’s domain to the current page ’s domain and , if they are different , triggering the behavior .
This is helpful when using a CMS or other tool that generates full URLs , including the “ http : // , ” instead of relative ones .
< script type =" text / javascript " > $ ( ' # content a:not(.popupwindow ) ').filter ( function ( ) { var the Href = this ; if ( the Href.hostname && the Href.hostname !== location.hostname ) { $ ( the Href ) .not ( " .noAutoIcon " ).addClass ( " offSite " ) ; $ ( the Href ) .not ( " .noAutoLink " ) . attr ( ' target ' , '_blank ' ) .
bind ( ' click keypress ' , function ( event ) { var code=event.charCode || event.keyCode ; if ( ! code || ( code && code == 13 ) ) { if ( pageTracker ) { var fixedLink = this .href ; fixedLink = fixedLink.replace(/https ?://(.* ) / , " $ 1 " ) ; fixedLink = ' / outgoing / ' fixedLink ; pageTracker._trackPageview(fixedLink ) ; } ; } ; } ) ; } ; } ) ; </script >
Feeling unsafe in your life ?
Looking for reassurance ?
The Metropolitan Police Service can help you with a touchy - feely new innovation .
It 's called stop and search .
A new document hints at a shift of emphasis in the Met 's strategic vision for counter terrorism stop and search powers .
It 's going to be a public relations tool .
Section 44 stops and searches were introduced by the Terrorism Act 2000 .
These powers differ from those of standard stop and search powers , as provided by Section 1 Police and Criminal Evidence Act 1984 , in that to use them officers do not need to have reasonable suspicion an offence is being committed .
They can only be invoked in an area or place for which an authorisation has been given by a police officer who is of at least the rank of commander of the Metropolitan Police ( for London ) , and confirmed by the Secretary of State .
Authorisations can only last up to 28 days , but they can be renewed ad infinitum , as is currently case for the whole of London .
The Metropolitan Police Service Stop & Search Strategic Committee has recently updated its Standard Operating Procedure ( SOP ) on Section 44 Terrorism Act 2000 ; the Metropolitan Police Authority had recommended a review of this document in its Review of police use of counter - terrorism Stop and Search powers in London .
This SOP was developed by the Territorial Policing Safer Neighbourhoods unit , first issued on August 1 2007 and later revised to remove Stop codes on December 31 2008 .
It 's been published as part of the Met Freedom of Information Act publication scheme .
Your reporter happened to have saved a much older version prepared just before the London July 7 bombings .
It had been compiled by the Territorial Policing Modernising Operations unit for the Demand Management Strategic Committee .
This older version initially issued on April 1 2005 and subsequently revised on May 5 2005 is not mentioned at all in the new document .
Comparing these two documents shows an evolution in how the Met considers the Section 44 stop and search powers and how it advises its constables to handle them .
Comparing the ' Appropriate Use ' section of these two documents shows a change in the purpose of these powers :
Purpose
It is important that officers take every opportunity to detect , deter and disrupt terrorist operations and provide public reassurance .
Essence of section 44
Police officers in uniform are entitled authorised to stop and search people / vehicles to see whether they have ' articles of a kind which could be used in connection with terrorism ' and if when no such articles are found then they must be allowed to go on their way .
There 's an implicit admission that Section 44 stops and searches do not detect terrorists .
This is borne out by the available data .
In the financial years 2003 / 4 to 2006 / 7 , the Met stopped and searched 31,797 pedestrians using the powers of Section 44 ( 2 ) ; of these only 79 were arrested in connection with terrorism - less than a quarter of a percent - and even fewer will be convicted .
The purpose of deterring is feeble considering the extent to which the Home Office is ready to go to avoid revealing when and where the exceptional powers for Section 44 apply .
If the location of authorised zones and when these are in effect is secret , how can it have a deterrent effect at all ?
What we 're left with is the new belief of the Met that these stops and searches are taking place to provide reassurance to Londoners .
The time difference is not as much as in Life on Mars but back when the earlier document was written , officers were entitled as now they 're authorised ; a much more civilised approach to policing .
New text on the introductory page reinforces that a key change in focus in what the Met wants to achieve with these powers is to be seen to be doing something , to reassure Londoners .
Surely this could be better done than by stopping and searching passers - by without reasonable cause ?
Introduction
Stop and search powers under Section 43 and 44 Terrorism
Act 2000 are used to improve the security of London and enhance community confidence by demonstrating a visible , responsive and proactive style of policing .
The exercise of Section 44 powers is to disrupt , deter and prevent terrorism and to help create a hostile and uncertain environment for terrorists who wish to operate in London .
Section 43 powers are used as a tactic to detect terrorists .
Strategic vision
Counter Terrorism stop powers , if used appropriately and effectively , will serve to reassure the people of London and in doing so will install trust and confidence of all communities .
Historic evidence
Historic evidence on the methodology of both Irish National and International terrorists indicates that they operate on a pan-London and indeed occasionally a pan -UK basis .
Terrorists need to travel - meetings , training and planning can take place anywhere .
Terrorists need transport - they need to move equipment , material and people around .
Terrorists need to prepare - hostile reconnaissance and surveillance is carried out to plan attacks .
Primary targets
The particular areas where they live , plan , meet and store equipment and arms are generally away from the iconic , financial , crowded places and transportation hubs , which they seek as primary targets .
Vigilance
All staff should must recognise that there is an ongoing daily requirement to be remain vigilant and alert to terrorist related activity wherever they may be based or whatever type of policing activity they are involved in .
As the recession begins to bite in France , transport , education and other services are brought to a halt by a national strike demanding action on unemployment and the rising cost of living .
Bloomberg business news reported that France ’s rail network , airports and public schools were disrupted today as the country ’s eight biggest labor unions called for a one - day general strike .
In what is turning into the largest such action since President Nicolas Sarkozy was elected in May 2007 , the unions are demanding that the government do more to counter rising unemployment and falling purchasing power as France enters its first recession in 16 years .
The eight unions represent the bulk of France ’s 1.9 million - strong unionized workforce .
Unions only represent a small proportion of the workforce in France , but strikes are always observed by many more workers .
“ The government needs to change its methods , ” Jean - Claude Mailly , general secretary of the Force Ouvriere union , said today in an interview on Canal Plus television .
“ There are real worries about purchasing power .
All unions are united on the need to take action . ”
Roads around Paris were packed with cars in the early hours of the morning as commuters sought to get an early start to avoid traffic jams .
Fewer train lines were in service and as many as 30 percent of flights in and out of the French capital were cancelled .
Unions plan 200 demonstrations and protest marches in cities across the country later today .
Employees of companies including Electricite de France SA and French units of International Business Machines Corp. and Hewlett - Packard Co. are among those participating in the strike .
Public schools are expecting as many as 70 percent of their employees to strike , with unions for teachers , doctors and other civil servants asking for “ urgent measures for employment and wages ” and a further boost to the economy .
Popular Backing
Unions say measures announced by the government so far are inadequate .
Sarkozy unveiled a 26 billion - euro ( $ 34.4 billion ) economic - stimulus package in December .
About 69 percent of the French people back the strike , according to a poll by CSA - Opinion for newspaper Le Parisien on Jan. 25 .
Forty - six percent support the strike , while 23 percent “ sympathize , ” with the union call , Le Parisien said .
Of those interviewed , 12 percent were opposed or hostile to the strike .
It ’s the first time in Sarkozy ’s presidency that a “ social movement ” has had such public approval , Stephane Rozes , head of CSA - Opinion told the daily .
The French economy , the euro area ’s second largest , may contract 1.8 percent this year , the worst performance since World War II , the European Union projected on Jan. 19 .
Companies are cutting jobs as the credit crunch derails purchases of homes , cars and factory machinery .
The EU sees France ’s unemployment rate at 9.8 percent this year and 10.6 percent next year .
The number of jobseekers in France has risen for seven months , recording the biggest jump on record in November .
Train Traffic
Societe Nationale des Chemins de Fer Francais , or SNCF , France ’s national railway , where workers began the strike last night at 8 p.m. , said about 60 percent of the regional TER train services and 40 percent of high - speed TGV lines will be disrupted .
Eurostar and Thalys services to London and Brussels are running normally , SNCF said .
All overnight domestic and international trains have been canceled except for a Berlin - Paris train arriving in the French capital on Jan. 30 .
Up to 50 percent of domestic high - speed services from and to Paris and 70 percent of the Corail domestic trains were canceled , the railroad said .
RATP , the Paris transport authority , said the city ’s subway service was normal on about half its 14 lines .
On the remaining lines , service ranged from 50 percent to 75 percent .
One out of five RER A regional trains was running , with no service on RER B .
Three out four buses were running .
Calls for Concessions
DGAC , the French aviation authority , recommended that airlines flying into and out of the Paris - Orly airport pare flights by 30 percent , while those going through Paris - Charles de Gaulle by 10 percent .
Air France -KLM
Group said last night that it plans to maintain all long - haul flights , while canceling 30 percent and 10 percent , respectively , of its short - and medium - haul flights from Orly and Charles de Gaulle .
Power and gas supplies may be hit after EDF and GDF Suez SA employees said they are participating in the work stoppage .
Previous strikes have led to lower electricity output at power producer EDF .
French Prime Minister Francois Fillon earlier this week dismissed calls for concessions to appease the strikers .
“ It ’s not the government ’s role to make gestures , ” Fillon said on France 2 television .
“ It ’s the government ’s role to keep reforms on track . ”
AT&T announced Thursday that it plans to lay off 12,000 people and curb spending on new equipment  a sign that the telecommunications industry is beginning to feel the pain of the economic downturn .
AT&T had already been struggling with a decline in revenue from its traditional wireline phone service as customers continued to drop landlines .
Rapid growth in wireless , television and high - speed Internet services more than offset that drop .
But analysts said Thursday that the recession is now clearly having an impact even on the fast - growing businesses .
“ It ’s clear that the economy , the macro environment , is affecting their business , particularly on the wireline side , ” said John Hodulik , a telecommunications analyst at UBS Investment Research .
“ The company had more line losses than expected , slower broadband growth than they expected and less activity in the business market . ”
Britain 's biomass industry will miss targets necessary to meet renewable energy goals by 50 % unless " blockages in the system " are removed by the government .
In a letter to the new energy and climate change secretary , Ed Miliband , representatives from the wood industry say urgent action is required to put biomass back on track .
" For the government to meet its targets for generating 20 % of its energy from renewable sources by 2020 , the UK needs to fully harness the potential for generating energy , heat and power through biomass , " writes Craig White , chairman of Wood for Gold , a pressure group for the timber sector .
" The government is assuming that 50 % of that 20 % target will be provided by biomass , including clean and sustainable waste wood .
But blockages in the system mean that only 4.1 % is currently provided by biomass and that the current rate of growth is insufficient to enable the government to meet its 2020 target .
Indeed it is likely to miss it by around 50 % . "
Wood for Gold , which includes the Timber Trade Federation , Confederation of Forest Industries and the British Woodworking Federation , argues that large amounts of potential fuel are being buried , creating methane , one of the most potent greenhouse gases .
" Of an estimated 7.5 m tonnes of domestic wood waste , much from construction and demolition , some 80 % goes to landfill .
Only some 4 % becomes sustainable energy from biomass , " adds White , who says the UK needs only about 2.7 m tonnes a year of wood to meet the biomass 2020 target .
Wood for Gold is keen to see the 2012 Olympics used to showcase biomass with a large plant providing heat and power to the site in east London .
There are only very small biomass plants burning wood or plant - based matter , as well as the large coal - fired station at Drax , which is experimenting with burning some non-carbon fuel .
Last week Drax , the owner of Britain 's most carbon - intensive power station , said it was turning greener with a £ 2bn plan to build the country 's first large - scale biomass plants .
But it is clear the bulk of the fuel for these plants will be imported , at least in the short term .
The three facilities - in Hull , Immingham and probably Drax itself - will have the capacity to produce 900MW of electricity - enough to supply 3 % of the country 's total .
私が知る専門書や専門雑誌の連載記事の世界では、その出来具合は執筆前の資料集めの段階でほぼ決定します。資料集めの対象ですが、専門知識に関連する膨大な基礎資料の探索はもちろんのこと、過去に同一のテーマで出版された国内外の書籍や文献についても徹底的な調査を行わなければなりません。その上で全体像を俯瞰し、先人の良いところは真似、悪しき表現は削り、説明不足の点は新たに起筆する。当たり前のことと言えば当たり前ですが、この作業の意味を理解し実践している商業出版社は、ほとんどないと言って良いでしょう。
飽書の時 代
試しに本屋の情報処理コーナーを覗いてみましょう。C言語ひとつをとっても、入門書からポインタの専門書まで多種多様の書籍が並んでいます。今から30年近く前、" K&R プログラミング言語C " ただ一冊しか存在しなかった時代を思えば、現在は初学者にとって桃源郷に違い有りません。
「 バリバリ分かるよC言語、分かりすぎて困っちゃうよ、母さん」
こんな読者があちこちで輩出されているはずですが、現実はそうではないようです。変数のスコープやポインタで頭を悩ませる人達は後をたたず、この状況は30年前と少しも変わっていません。
本棚を変えて今度は論理回路。大学での講義をはじめとして、多くの学生やエンジニアが一度は手に取る書籍のためか、種類は豊富で結構なお値段もします。しかし、その内容・構成は見事なまでに画一化されており、まさに金太郎飴状態。
「 論理回路の本って、どれを読んでも砂を噛むように味気ないよ、母さん」
読めども読めども、書かれた知識は体の中を通り過ぎるだけで、後には哀しい敗北感が残るのみ。少なくとも私はそう感じてきました。
なぜ読者は開眼できないのか？
答えは簡単、出版社と編集者、そして著者があまりにも「不勉強」であるからです。過去の著作を徹底的に調査し、より進化した書籍が発刊され続けていれば、専門書のレベルが上がることはあっても下がることはないはず。ところが、実際には「右に倣え」とばかり、COPY&PASTEのような書籍ばかりが書店に並んでおり、そこには工夫や独創性のかけらも見られない。退行は日常茶飯事、あろうことか、間違いが引き継がれることもしばしば。
ごく稀に、著者のたゆまぬ努力の末に奇跡のような名著が生み出されることもありますが、それらは膨大な数の凡書・悪書に埋もれ、絶版と化していく・・。専門書に関して言えば、名著が時代を超えて生き残るというのは、大いなる幻想。悲しいけれど、これが現実。さらに恐ろしいことに、次々に繰り出される自己啓発書は、いずれも乱造される書籍の多読を勧め、読者の不安と購読を駆り立てます。
「 ほれ買え、それ読め、高速道路をひた走って勝者になれ！」
飽書の時代を生きる読者に必要なものは、多読の技術ではなく、名著を選び出す眼識だと私は思います。
知識と知 恵
それでは、専門書における名著とはどのような存在であるのでしょうか？この問題を考えるにあたり、知識と知恵の違いに言及した、あるユダヤ人教育者の言葉をご紹介します。
学校では知識を教えるのであって、知恵は教えない。知恵と知識の間には、どのような違いがあるのだろうか。この二つには、大きな違いがある。まず、こういう状況では何をしたらよいか、ということを教えるのが知識である。これに対して、何をしてよいのか知らないときに、どのようにやったらよいかという判断力を養うのが、知恵である。
ユダヤ人は頭のよい人と、賢い人の区別もつける。頭のよい人はどのような人なのかといえば、自分がトラブルに陥ったときに、そこからうまく抜け出せる人間をいう。知恵のある賢い人間は、はじめからそのようなトラブルに巻き込まれない人のことをいう。
知恵は判断力であると言い換えてもよい。そして知恵は、どのようにして知識を駆使したらよいのか、教えるものである
受験戦争に代表される通り、日本の教育では知識の詰め込みが第一義とされています。そして学校で使用される教科書もまた、知識の羅列に始まり知識の羅列に終わる。まさに砂を噛むがごとき内容であり、生徒に知恵を授けるにはほど遠い存在。
一方、真の名著は、知識を編み出すに至った先人の軌跡とその知恵を説きます。これは「古人の跡を求めず、古人の求めしところを求めよ」と語った松尾芭蕉の教え、そのものです。
名著は閾値を超え る
先日紹介した勝間氏の著書のキーセンテンスは「情報は一定量を集めると質に転換する」というものでした。これに対して、私の経験は「カスは幾ら集めてもカス」であることを主張しています。カスという言葉がお下品であれば、糟粕(そうはく)と言い換えて頂いても結構。
片鱗の知識しか語られない凡百の凡書を読破したところで、何も身に付きはしないことを私は幾度となく体験してきました。
「 こん畜生、これだけ読んでいるのに全くわからんよ、トホホ・・」
加えて若き日の私を混乱させたのは、世の中のお偉い先生方が名著と認定し、市場でベストセラーとなっている書籍をいくら読んでも分からないという事実。「ワシってほんまにアホなんや」心底そう思いました。と同時に、「世の中には、なんと頭の良い人が多いのだろう」とも。
当時私が手に取った書籍が、ことごとく凡書であり悪書であった事実を教えてくれたのは、それから数十年をかけて邂逅を果たした数少ない名著達です。彼らが私に教えてくれたことは、次の通り。
物事を体得するためには、ある閾値を超える必要がある。凡百の書は閾値を超える力を持たない。しかし、真の名著はただ一冊で閾値を乗り越え、読み手の心に火をつけることができる。
先ほどの論理回路に例えると、書籍による学習は多値入力のOR素子と言えます。5V入力のICであれば、出力がLOWからHIGHレベルに変化するためには、入力電圧として最低2-3Vは必要。0.1V , 0.5Vなど閾値に達さない入力では、たとえ１００本を並列に接続したところで、出力はLOWレベルのまま変化しません。しかし、１本でも閾値を超えることができれば、出力は劇的に変化するのです。
名著はどこに ？
名著に出会うためには、長きにわたるたゆまぬ探索が必要です。そのほとんどは絶版となり書店に並んでおらず、インターネット上で言及されることもなく、静かに眠りについているからです。
「 1万円で1冊の良書に出会える」という勝間氏のスタンスは、私とは対極にあります。Amazonで十万円かけたところで、名著に出会うことは難しいでしょう。識者の書評や読者のレビューは、多くの場合、全くあてにならないからです。
名著はお金では買えない
他人の書評をあてにしてはならぬ
名著は自分の足で探すべし
以上が、30年近くをかけて辿り着いた私の結論です。
Custom Labels : Editor ’s Choice
Let 's start with an instant quote .
Ordering is hassle - free .
Just choose sizes , materials , colors , and your designs .
Decide how many you want , and you ’re all set .
We offer low minimums , full color printing , and you can even include your own art at no extra cost .
And , for orders over $ 29.95 , shipping is free .
For a brief and delusional moment , we actually entertained the fleeting thought of offering our annual Dubious Achievement awards without having ex-Mayor Kwame Kilpatrick as the feature 's centerpiece .
Maybe it was the result of extreme Kwamster fatigue .
But the thought passed quickly , like a flash fever , and we soon regained our senses .
Like his oversized physical presence , the dubiousness of KK during this past year was of such epic proportions it just could n't be ignored .
In fact , we decided , just the opposite was true .
To adequately recognize his negative accomplishments , the only proper action would be to establish a Dubious Achievement Hall of Fame , with Kwame Malik Kilpatrick holding the dishonor of being named our inaugural inductee .
Just think how proud all will be when we hoist that size triple - XL orange jumpsuit with Inmate No. 200834589 emblazoned across its broad back to the rafters of the Coleman A. Young Municipal Center .
Congratulations , Kwame .
You earned it .
Here are just a few of the reasons why :
State of disgrace
What may well be the lowest of low points came in March , after the publication of text messages that showed Kilpatrick and Chief of Staff Christine Beatty had lied under oath about the firing of Deputy Police Chief Gary Brown — whose whistleblower lawsuit would prove to be the foundation of Mayor X's undoing .
The steamy text messages also proved Kilpatrick and Beatty had perjured themselves when asked if they were having an affair .
They lied and said no .
Even in the face of overwhelming evidence , KK continued to deny , deny , deny .
And , like a battered boxer on the ropes , he dropped the gloves and pulled out a switchblade in a desperate attempt to save himself .
Instead of accepting responsibility for actions that had cost the city millions of dollars , KK lashed out at " unethical " media for illegally fomenting a " lynch - mob " mentality , going so far as to endanger his family all for the sake of Nielsen ratings .
It was , in the words of one columnist , a " madman 's tirade . "
State of disgrace , Pt. II
As part of what will go down as perhaps the most dubious speech ever given by a Detroit politician , Kilpatrick used that televised State of the City platform to declare : " In the past 30 days , I 've been called a nigger more than any time in my entire life .
In the past three days I have received more death threats than I have in my entire administration . "
By that point we had come to suspect that Kilpatrick was a pathological liar , and that no falsehood was too outrageous to utter .
So we filed a Freedom of Information Act request asking for some proof of those claims .
Surely , if the mayor 's life had been threatened multiple times , there would have been records and police investigations .
But no such evidence was ever produced .
State of denial
As Kilpatrick fueled the fires of racism and division , many of this area 's business and civic leaders maintained a place safely on the sidelines .
Instead of screaming for KK 's resignation , supporters like businessman and auto racing legend Roger Penske and the Rev. Wendell Anthony , head of the Detroit NAACP , were AWOL ; local legislators were largely the same , as were the leaders of New Detroit , an organization founded in the 1960s with the purpose of helping to bridge this area 's racial divide .
Instead , they watched silently as Kilpatrick stacked dynamite on those bridges and then lit the fuse .
Like father , like son ?
Young Kwame 's legal issues were n't the only problems being faced by the Kilpatrick family this year .
In August , it was revealed that the mayor 's father , Bernard Kilpatrick , was under FBI investigation for his possible connection to at least two cases , " both stemming from a wide - ranging federal probe that is focused on suspected cases of bribery , kickbacks and other potentially illegal acts , " according to a story published in the Free Press .
Among the things the FBI was trying to determine was whether Daddy K. was passing illegal kickbacks along to sonny .
Histrionics and ( mistaken ) history
Sharon McPhail , the former political foe recruited to be Don Kwame 's taxpayer - funded consigliere , pulled out all the rhetorical stops in an attempt to persuade a slow - acting Gov. Jennifer Granholm to further delay removal hearings that could force Kilpatrick from office .
" From the wrongful charges leveled at the Rosenbergs in 1953 to the more recent release of wrongfully charged and convicted death row prisoners in Illinois , it is clear that officials sworn to uphold the law will use their power to persecute , and prosecute , without regard to the law , " argued McPhail .
" This is such a case .
There was just only one tiny problem with invoking the names of ' 50s - era lefty martyrs Julius and Ethel Rosenberg in an attempt to make the case that the Kwamster , like them , was the innocent victim of a political witch hunt :
In spite of the prosecutorial excesses , there is now overwhelming evidence that Julius Rosenberg was indeed spying for the Soviets and Ethel knew as much .
To his credit , though , no one has ( yet ) accused KK of being a secret agent for the Ruskies .
Love & humiliation
As with the race card , Kilpatrick has always been quick to turn to God for PR help during troubled times .
And so , after the incriminating text messages were published in the Free Press , he took wife Carlita in tow and went to church — where he offered a heartfelt , televised apology .
Problem was , he never said exactly what it was he had done wrong .
It was all beautifully vague , with Carlita sitting stone - faced beside him .
What is it about philandering politicians and their penchant for having humiliated wives stand at their sides as they tearfully beg for forgiveness once they 've been caught cheating , and what is it about the humiliated wives of philandering politicians that causes them to go along ?
When push comes to shove
It was n't only the obstruction and perjury that landed Kwame in the clink .
Not exactly what you 'd call a strict law and order kind of mayor , Kilpatrick , already on probation for a bond violation , was also accused of assaulting a police officer who was attempting to serve a subpoena on Kilpatrick 's close friend and fellow felon , businessman Bobby Ferguson .
Kilpatrick eventually pleaded " no contest " to that charge .
Hell hath no fury ...
With pressure mounting and evidence against him building , Kilpatrick , facing multiple counts of perjury and the possibility of spending decades in prison , official misconduct and obstruction of justice , boldly claimed that Wayne County Prosecutor Kym Worthy 's case was " going to hell quickly . "
Kilpatrick also claimed that Worthy , one of the few who showed both guts and determination during this whole sorry debacle , was also " on the verge of committing some real prosecutorial misconduct . "
He also played the race card yet again , saying of Worthy during a news conference : " Her hope is that the racism of this region will convict me instead of the issues of the law and justice .
Kilpatrick , as we now know , eventually pleaded guilty to two counts related to the perjury charges .
Hell , as it turns out , really is a place of our own making .
Liar , liar , Detroit on fire
Throughout his six years in office , Mayor X has always maintained that he 's been a responsible guardian of the Detroit 's finances , and was working diligently to keep the city 's budget in balance .
Recently , it has been impossible to verify those claims because mandatory audits were n't being completed .
It is taking the replacement administration time to sort through the tangled books , but as best new Chief Financial Officer Joseph Harris recently reported , it is now feared that the city might be as much as $ 300 million in the hole .
As the holiday season comes to an end , it is probably appropriate to think of Kwame Kilpatrick as the gift that keeps on taking .
Repentance is for suckahs
After pleading guilty to two obstruction counts and no contest to the charge of assaulting an officer , Kilpatrick took to the airwaves again to tell the world how he was feeling .
Among those amazed by the response was Wayne County Circuit Judge David Groner , who made note of the speech while handing down his sentence — which included paying the city of Detroit $ 1 million in restitution : " Ultimately what shocked this court and much of the community was your press conference after your plea hearing .
That night , the community expected to hear a message of humility , remorse and apology .
Instead , we heard an arrogant and defiant man who accused the governor , among others , for his downfall . "
That speech 's most chilling line ?
" Detroit , you done set me up for a comeback . "
NUGE VS .
DETROIT
... and vs. the Big Three , UAW , a hapless rabbit , etc .
It may seem like overkill to pick on " Terrible " Ted Nugent again this year — but , damn , the self - professed " Motor City Madman " just can't keep his mouth shut , especially when it comes to the city that gave him his nickname , his image and his first taste of fame .
The aging rock star did have an eventful year , presenting his 600th show on his 50th tour at Pine Knob / DTE Energy Music
Theater last summer , only months after debuting a new song , " I AM THE NRA " ( he insists on ALL CAPS for the title ) at the NRA convention .
With lyrics like " If you hate tyrants and dictators and are ready to give freedom a whirl / Celebrate the NRA and the shot heard round the world , " we 're imagining Dylan was shaking in his boots .
Ted also found time to appear in a movie , Beer for My Horses , with Toby Keith , during which he shocked the entire crew by gutting an unfortunate rabbit that had made its way onto the set .
The Nuge also delivered a new book , Ted , White & Blue : The Nugent Manifesto , via strident right - wing publisher , Regnery Publishing .
The book , described as " 16 chapters on how to fix America , " not only hit No. 8 on the New York Times best - seller list but got added exposure when Nugent sent the first autographed copy to Sarah Palin .
" As a proud fellow American hunter , fisherman and lover of Alaska 's soul cleansing magnificent Spirit of the Wild , we who live our American Dream by God , truth , logic , goodwill and decency , thank you for bringing such defiant common sense and self evident truth back to the GOP and politics , " he wrote to the politician whose IQ seemed to match the groupies
Ted once attracted .
The Detroit News actually ran a few editorials by this crank this year ... and yet the Motor City Madman has recently said things about our city that make Jack White sound like Detroit 's biggest fan in comparison .
During a Glenn Beck interview , Nugent described Detroit as " a scab " on the state of Michigan , " and then made similar comments on Fox News ' Hannity & Colmes program when asked about Barack Obama ( a man Nugent once suggested " suck on the barrel " of his gun before referring to him as " a piece of shit " ) .
" Well , you know , I come from the good — the once great city of Detroit and the great , great state of Michigan , " said the famous draft - dodger .
" If America wants this country to smell and conduct themselves and be this huge sucking sound like Detroit has become , then by all means vote another Democrat in , because Detroit and Michigan is a case study in liberal Democrat policies being forced upon a once great state . "
( You can read the entire tirade at tinyurl.com / 8cdyjb . )
Finally , the Nuge recently condemned the UAW and called for the government to not bail out the Big Three in an editorial on humanevents.com ( tinyurl.com/98q7b3 ) entitled " Bankruptcy Now or Later ? "
In other words , like most dogmatic GOP morons , the Motor City Madman is rabidly anti-union and against the working man ... after building his career as a Detroit common man .
" While the UAW may believe GM , Ford and Chrysler are in business to provide automotive workers a salary and other costly benefits , " he writes , " the reality is that car companies are in business to make a profit .
Period .
Write that down . "
Dubious .
Dubious .
Dubious .
— Bill Holdship
Thanks to Ken Hreha and George Smith
THE RUNNERS-UP
From dumb crooks to dumb auto execs
Born to strum and slack off
Republican U.S. Rep .
Thaddeus McCotter of Livonia probably rates a Dubious Achievement just for being lead guitarist in a congressional rock - and - country band known as the Second Amendments .
The way we see it , better a bullet to the head than listening to them ruin " Born to Run . "
But what really elevated the guy some call " Mad Thad " to DA status is a Michigan Messenger investigation revealing that " in two years of membership on the House Financial Services Committee , McCotter failed to attend a single committee or subcommittee hearing on topics directly related to the current financial crisis . "
The website went on to report that , although he was largely missing in action when it came to staying ahead of the curve in regard to this country 's worst financial crisis since the Great Depression , Thad had time to sponsor resolutions " supporting National Dog Bite Prevention Week and the pope 's visit to the United States ... "
He also sponsored a resolution " to wish hockey star Gordie Howe a happy birthday and submitted a bill to prohibit all government employees from attending the opening ceremony of the Beijing Olympics . "
Hey , we all have to prioritize .
Native son's company muck
It has n't been a great year at the guns - for - hire corporation Blackwater , founded by native Michigander Erik Prince — brother of former Michigan Republican Party Chair Betsy DeVos and brother - in - law of former gubernatorial candidate and Amway honcho Dick DeVos .
In July , the company was voted America 's " most abusive corporation " in a contest held by Corporate Accountability International , a public - interest nonprofit organization that takes what it considers to be bad corporations to task .
Blackwater captured this year 's top dishonors by " killing unarmed Iraqi civilians , hiring paramilitaries trained under military dictatorships , and using its close political and financial ties with the Bush Administration to secure lucrative contracts . "
To top things off , the U.S. Justice Department in December unsealed its case against five Blackwater mercenaries accused of taking part in a 2007 incident that The New York Times said left " 17 unsuspecting Iraqi civilians dead at a busy Baghdad traffic circle . "
A sixth Blackwater employee has " described how he and the other guards used automatic rifles and grenade launchers to fire on cars , houses , a traffic officer and a girls ' school . "
Forget
Hell , you 're going to Detroit
Among the refuse that came spilling out of a federal raid on the offices of Special Counsel Scott J. Bloch — a Bush appointee who used to oversee protection of federal whistle - blowers until he was forced to resign by the White House — was this tidbit reported by NPR :
" One of Bloch 's first official actions was to refuse to investigate any claims of discrimination based on sexual orientation .
When news of his refusal was leaked to the press , career employees in his office say , Bloch blamed them for the leak .
In an attempt to punish staffers considered disloyal , Bloch attempted to transfer a dozen of them to an office he sought to create in Detroit , giving them a choice to either accept the horrid assignment or resign . "
Detroit is Hell , Part II
The headline in The Sunday Times of London pretty much told the whole story : " America 's darkest fear : to end up like Detroit . "
The article went on to explain that a three - bedroom home at 8111 Traverse St. made news " around the world " when it sold for $ 1 last summer .
It 's all part of life in a city reporter Tony Allen - Mills described as " the Motown that lost its mojo . "
" The house on Traverse Street tells part of the story of a decline so dizzying that other cities around America have begun to talk fearfully of ' Detroitification , ' a seemingly irreversible condition of urban despair that slowly takes grip of once - flourishing communities and strips them of value and life , " continued Allen - Mills .
" For much of the world it might seem unthinkable that a house in a large American city could be sold for a single dollar , but the shocking reality of Detroit 's urban implosion is that there are tens of thousands such homes in varying states of calamitous disrepair , with no hope of finding buyers . "
All of which simply proves the person who declared , " there 's no such thing as bad publicity " did n't know what the fuck he was talking about .
Sorry , really wrong number
The number in question being 14 — as in 14 years old .
Which happened to be the age of the Pinckney girl who used her cell phone to take about 20 nude and lewd photos and two revealing 30 - second videos .
She then sent the pics to two lucky boys , who forwarded them to a couple hundred of their closest pals .
Oops .
Kids were suspended from school and authorities called .
Fortunately the Livingston County prosecutor had enough good sense not to charge any of the minors involved with trafficking in child porn .
An inmate in a New York prison did earn an A for effort ( as well as a P for perversity ) after filing a Freedom of Information
Act request seeking the police report on the investigation as well as personal info on the girl and , of course , the photos and videos .
The whole thing appears to be part of a trend known as " sexting . "
Kids in Dexter , Fowlerville and Brighton have all recently gotten in trouble for their dirty ring - a- ding - dinging .
A whiter shade of Spartan green
Last year , under the leadership of Kyle Bristow , the conservative Young Americans for Freedom organization at MSU earned a " hate group " designation from the Southern Poverty Law Center .
Bristow protested the label and threatened to sue .
This year , when responding to a " hate - filled letter " posted on the website of Penn State 's The Daily Collegiate , Bristow made it clear exactly how loving and open he really is .
Upset over the assertion that the YAF spews " anti-gay , anti-Semitic , anti-feminism and anti-Islamic propaganda , " Bristow leaped to the defense of his organization by declaring the letter writer was " only partially correct . "
That 's telling 'em .
" YAF hates all things that are antithetical to Western civilization , freedom and tradition , " explained Bristow .
Just to make sure people got the point , he added that Islam is a " wicked , vicious faith whose adherents would stone liberals ... if they ever took control of Western countries . "
In November , Bristow — who previously helped in the effort to bring a Canadian neo -Nazi to speak at his university 's East Lansing campus — announced that he 's seeking to become the Michigan Republican Party 's Youth Chair .
Michigan Republican Party Chair Saul Anuzis , according to the Michigan Messenger website , was ready to welcome young Bristow with open arms , saying the MSU student was " exactly the kind of kid we want . "
God told us it 's OK to lie for His causes
We 've grown used to seeing political campaigns fueled by falsehoods , but rarely has one sunk to the level exhibited by the group MiCAUSE , as it flooded the airwaves with commercials attempting to convince voters to go " no " on a proposed amendment to the state constitution that would clear the way for embryonic stem cell research .
With backing from anti-abortion groups and others , MiCAUSE reportedly received a whopping $ 5.5 million from the Michigan Catholic Conference .
That cash helped fund a propaganda campaign so venal even conservative media outlets had to cry foul .
From spreading fears that passage could lead to creation of " man-cow hybrids " to commercials equating the proposal to those infamous Tuskegee experiments that infected unsuspecting black men with syphilis , opponents found no blow too low to deliver .
Despite all that , voters were able to see through the blanket of prevarication .
Which has us thinking that maybe there is a God after all —
One that believes in progress and science and above all in smiting shameless sanctimonious liars .
We can only hope .
Call them the straight dope twisters
A close runner - up to MiCAUSE in the race to the bottom of the campaign trough was the coalition that came together in opposition to the proposed constitutional amendment to legalize medical marijuana in Michigan .
As activist Bruce Mirken noted in a blog , one TV spot sponsored by the so - called Citizens Protecting Michigan 's Kids was " so egregiously dishonest that even my very jaded jaw dropped when I saw it .
It may set an all - time record for the most lies ever packed into a 30 - second commercial . "
Joining in the condemnation of deceitful tactics employed by opponents of the proposal was former state Rep. Dianne Byrum , who headed up the Michigan Coalition for Compassionate Care .
Particularly galling was a stunt pulled by John Waters , the Michigan native appointed our nation 's drug czar by that well - known expert on illicit drugs , President George Bush .
At taxpayer expense , Waters journeyed to his home state towing a marijuana vending machine seized in California .
The only problem with Waters ' prop was that the proposed Michigan law , as one columnist pointed out , " does not permit dispensaries , much less vending machines . "
Byrum called the whole effort a " desperate campaign of lies and outrageous distortions . "
Fortunately voters saw through the toxic smokescreen and approved the use of weed for medical purposes .
Simply 0 - ful
Of all the lousy professional football teams that have ever donned helmets and stepped onto the gridiron , none can lay claim to being , indisputably , the worst ever .
None , that is , except our very own Detroit Lions .
Since the NFL established a 16 - game season in 1978 , no team has gone winless .
No team , that is , until this year 's Lions squad did the nearly impossible in a league geared toward establishing parity .
So , fans , here 's a hallmark of loserdom that — unless a 17 - game season is someday instituted — can never , ever be surpassed .
His cup runneth over — yuck
The next time you see a champion hockey player taking a celebratory sip from Lord Stanley 's elegant silver Cup , recall this revelation Red Wings star Kris Draper plopped on the Toronto Star newspaper .
" A week after we won it , I had my newborn daughter in there and she pooped in the Cup , " Draper disclosed .
" That was something .
We had a pretty good laugh . "
But , hockey players being hockey players , Draper did n't let a truly shitty situation get in the way of his enjoying the Cup to the fullest .
" It was , well , clean it out .
I still drank out of it that night , so no worries . "
Except that the straw kept getting clogged up .
Criminal masterminds , Part I
Here 're a few friendly tips to all you potential carjackers out there :
No .
1 : When choosing a target vehicle , lean toward the inconspicuous .
For example , it 's probably a less - than - stellar idea to go after , say , a Hummer plastered with a specialized paint job promoting , say , a local radio station .
No .
2 : Try to stay away from stealing a vehicle owned by someone who has the capacity to immediately alert tens of thousands of people that said vehicle is being swiped .
Unfortunately for the brainiacs who jacked radio station HOT 102.7's " heavily branded " Hummer , this sage advice arrives too late .
Immediately after the vehicle was taken at gunpoint from station employee Keith " Shug " Gillespie while stopped at a downtown Detroit gas station , a DJ went on the air soliciting tips .
Hundreds of calls flooded in .
Less than an hour later the Hummer was found and the suspects apprehended .
Criminal masterminds , Part II
We could tell you about the two Macomb County men who took pictures of themselves — and the gun they used — using a cell phone they 'd stolen in an armed robbery , and how those pictures were used as evidence against them after they 'd been apprehended .
Or we could tell you about the three men arrested in Ferndale after robbing a place while wearing Spiderman jackets and hoods that covered their faces — the same costume worn while robbing about a dozen fast food places , pretty much guaranteeing they'd be connected to the entire crime spree .
But we prefer to remind you of the 20 - year - old Three Rivers man arrested for trying to steal posters for the new Batman movie .
He was n't hard to spot .
He was the one wearing a purple suit , green wig and white face paint with a smile stretching from ear to ear .
Police , apparently having some sense of humor , took mug shots of him both with and without the makeup .
You might say the Joker was on him .
Hahaha .
But he was a nice shotgun - toting goon
One of Ambassador Bridge mogul Matty Moroun 's security guards messed with the wrong guy when he hassled blogger Joel Thurtell for having the audacity to tread on public parkland the bridge company preferred to treat as its own .
Thurtell , a former newspaper reporter who now writes a blog , was taking pictures of the bridge from public property when a muscular guy with a shaved head , goatee , tattoos on both arms and a shotgun in the front seat of his pickup began harassing him .
Moroun 's people initially said the Department of Homeland Security had authorized erection of a fence adjacent to the bridge as a way to thwart terrorists .
When this rag picked up on the story , we reported that no such authority was ever granted .
After the story gained amplification in other media , the city took Matty and his company to court , claiming construction material was being illegally stored on public land and that a fence the company put up had to come down .
The legal wrangling continues .
Thurtell 's writing stands in sharp contrast to that of ace Detroit News feature writer Charlie LeDuff , who earned a Dubious Achievement Award of his own for the fawning puff piece he recently did on the reclusive billionaire .
LeDuff 's Moroun is a modern - day Horatio Alger who wants his legacy to be a second bridge he 's attempting to build .
This is Thurtell 's view of him : " Why , he lets his guards drive across the lawn and push law - abiding citizens around .
I saw it .
It happened to me .
What he is , fundamentally , is a squatter .
A freeloader .
A rich mooch . "
Now that 's really baaa-d
A Battle Creek guy did n't bother with no stem cells as he conducted a highly personal experiment apparently designed to produce a man-animal hybrid young 'un that would enter this cold world already equipped with a warm wooly sweater .
We 're talking about Jeffrey Haynes , a convicted sheep sodomizer who was serving time in Adrian 's Parry Highway Correctional Facility when he received welcome news from the state appellate court that he would n't have to register as a sex offender after his release from the pen .
As it turns out , state law specifies that for someone to end up on that list , the " victim " has to be a " person . "
That legal fine point dismayed Martin Mersereau of the group People for the Ethical Treatment of Animals , who told The Detroit News : " I think the appellate court is being too literal in interpreting the letter of the law .
It seems in this case , it 's an issue of what 's good and right being constrained by verbiage .
...
It seems about a dozen times a year we hear of cases involving people who sexually abuse a child , who have in the past done the same to a dog .
The two go hand in hand , and any time the law does not help contribute to the awareness of a predator in their midst , the community suffers . "
Teach your children well , in reverse
After Monica Conyers — who assumed the job of Detroit City Council president after Ken Cockrel Jr. moved into the mayor 's office to fill the vacancy created by the jailing of hizzoner Kwame Kilpatrick — called Cockrel " Shrek , " she received some good advice from someone apparently wiser and more mature — an eighth - grader .
As the Freep reported , Kierra Bell took advantage of Conyers ' visit to Courtis Elementary School to respectfully tell the then - president pro tem to grow up .
When Conyers tried to defend her sophomoric behavior by asking Bell if she 'd ever wanted to call someone else a name , Bell accurately noted , " We 're children , you 're an adult . "
On autopilot at the wrong time
It 's hard feeling sorry for a bunch of wealthy white guys who 've guided the U.S. auto industry to the point of ruin .
So we wo n't .
The heads of the Not - So - Big Three who went to D.C. with hands out seeking what could well be a bridge loan to nowhere made all the wrong moves , beginning with separate flights on private corporate jets .
Worse , they came with neither a clue nor a plan to show that the more than $ 30 billion being asked for would do anything more than see them through the next couple of months .
They were n't even smart enough to read up on a little recent history to see how Lee Iacocca had the PR savvy to announce that he'd take a pay cut to a dollar a year before going to Congress in 1980 seeking a much smaller federal bailout for Chrysler .
In a book released last year before all this current shit really hit the fan , Iacocca wrote : " We 've got a gang of clueless bozos steering our ship of state right over a cliff , we 've got corporate gangsters stealing us blind , and we can't even clean up after a hurricane much less build a hybrid car . "
" I hardly recognize this country anymore , " he wrote .
Now there 's a guy who knows a dubious situation when he sees one .
Sources : Daily Tribune ( Oakland County ) , Detroit Free Press , Detroit News , Hot1027detroit.com , JoelontheRoad.com , Michigan Messenger , Mlive.com , New York Times , National Public Radio , Livingston Community News , Sunday Times ( London ) , Toronto Star and WXYZ - TV .
Denver Landfill Electrifies Waste , Powers 3,000 Homes
November 13th , 2008 by Glenn Meyers
Notorious for producing the greenhouse gas , methane , and then having to flare it off to avoid the potential danger of explosions , landfills are now converting this gas to electricity that can be fed to the grid .
This September , the Denver Arapahoe Disposal Site , known as DADS , brought its waste - to - energy capabilities online , powering four V - 16 Caterpillar engines that generate and sell electricity to utilities company , Xcel Energy .
Spokesmen for Waste Management , which operates DADS in partnership with the City of Denver , believe the lifespan of this waste - to - energy operation to be almost two decades .
The operation now generates enough power to light up almost 3,000 houses .
This number may double as the landfill waste that is processed increases and more generating engines are installed .
Four V - 16 engines now exist , the electricity generating plant has been built to house up to eight V - 20 engines .
The technology for powering landfill methane to generate electricity has existed for almost three decades , Steve Derus of Waste Management , says .
However , as he points out , converting methane to electricity has primarily been deployed in larger landfills where the size of the operation makes it economically feasible to generate electricity , when weighed against the significant capital construction expenditure that is required .
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Cook Strait Giant Wetas are a species of giant insects that grow to be 10 cm long and around 27 grams heavy .
Just so you can get an idea , these bugs are about the size of a city rat .
They have been extinct on the mainland of New Zealand for more than a century , but the authorities are trying to reintroduce the species to the area , and the first 100 Wetas have been brought to Kraori Wildlife Sanctuary in Wellington , in 2007 .
You may think Giant Wetas are hideous and dangerous but the truth is they are passive creatures that feed on fruit and plant and they are less destructive than their smaller cricket brethren .
The Wetas are protected from rats and stoats that led to their extinction 100 years ago .
A federal appeals court in Oregon will hold a hearing next month on a government appeal of a 2007 judicial ruling that said the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) is unconstitutional .
The FISA is a statute that regulates domestic intelligence , and generally requires judicial authorization for intelligence search and surveillance within the United States .
Critics of Bush Administration electronic surveillance activities such as the “ Terrorist Surveillance Program ” have argued that they unlawfully circumvented the provisions of the FISA .
But the FISA itself , as modified by the USA PATRIOT Act , is unconstitutional , a federal court ruled on September 26 , 2007 ( pdf ) .
That ruling came in response to a challenge by Brandon Mayfield , who was erroneously arrested in connection with the Madrid bombings in 2004 based on a false fingerprint match and subsequent surveillance under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act .
The FBI later apologized for his mistaken arrest and provided a financial settlement .
But Mayfield continued to challenge the legal foundation of the arrest .
He successfully argued that FISA , as modified by the PATRIOT Act , violates the Fourth Amendment because it eroded the requirement of probable cause as a pre-condition for obtaining a search warrant , and because it permitted warrants to be issued under FISA without a showing that the “ primary purpose ” of the search is to obtain foreign intelligence information ( as summarized by Judge Vaughn Walker in a July 2008 opinion [ pdf ] , at pp. 39 - 41 ) .
Judge Ann Aiken of the District Court of Oregon agreed with this assessment in her September 2007 order and declared FISA unconstitutional .
The government promptly appealed that ruling , but the case has been dormant since May 2008 .
A hearing on the appeal has now been scheduled for February 5 , 2009 at the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals in Portland , Oregon .
It is not known whether the incoming Obama Administration will reconsider the pending appeal of the lower court ruling .
The Republican leader , Senator Mitch McConnell of Kentucky , was noncommittal .
The Republicans had a “ spirited ” discussion about the auto rescue plan , he said , but it was too soon to take a stand because they had just received a final draft of the bill .
“ Everybody ’s still kind of poring through it , trying to figure out exactly what it does , ” Mr. McConnell said .
“ At this particular juncture , I could n’t handicap for you the level of support that may exist in our conference .
But we did begin a conferencewide learning process during the course of the last hour . ”
Even some auto - state lawmakers were unhappy with the bailout plan the White House helped to design .
“ While I am fighting to save Missouri auto jobs , ” said Senator Christopher S. Bond , Republican of Missouri , “ Congress is just putting off the inevitable unless we force the companies to reform fundamentally , which this latest plan fails to do and is why I am offering changes to make it work . ”
A number of other Senate Republicans said they had every intention of scuttling a taxpayer - financed rescue for General Motors and Chrysler .
Senator Richard C. Shelby of Alabama , the senior Republican on the banking committee , called the proposal “ a travesty ” and said that he would filibuster the bill .
“ This is an installment on a huge bailout that will come later , ” he said .
Others , while critical of the legislation , suggested there was hope of a compromise .
Senator Bob Corker , Republican of Tennessee , who was working to draft alternative legislation , said the proposal put forward by the White House and Congressional Democrats provided only weak authority for the car czar , who would supervise the sweeping reorganization plans that the automakers have agreed to carry out .
Chemicals commonly found in food wrapping , makeup and baby powders are having a gender - bending effect – feminizing male populations of wildlife and humans , a scientific report reveals .
" This research shows the basic male tool kit is under threat , " says author Gwynne Lyons , a former health adviser to the British government .
Humans and wildlife have been exposed to more than 100,000 new pollutants in recent years .
Lyons ' report draws on more than 250 studies from around the world , examining the effects of hormone - disrupting chemicals .
The gender - bending chemicals include many pesticides and phthalates , which make hard plastics more flexible and cosmetics easier to apply .
Dr. Shanna Swan has been studying the effects of hormone - disrupting chemicals since 2003 , when the research started gaining ground .
" Until we had the capacity to measure these chemicals relatively inexpensively and accurately , we really could n't do epidemiological studies on them , " says Swan , a professor in obstetrics and gynecology at the University of Rochester School of Medicine and Dentistry .
Swan recently completed a startling study showing that baby boys born to women exposed to certain chemicals in pregnancy are born with smaller penises and feminized genitals .
Similar accounts of disfigurement have been reported in dozens of animals including otters , polar bears and turtles .
" It 's very important corroborating evidence when we see similar endpoints being affected in humans and wildlife in response to the same chemicals , " Swan says .
" The finding of smaller penises in otters is interesting because we have smaller penises in our boys who were exposed to diethylhexyl phthalate .
They reinforce each other . "
Diethylhexyl phthalate is found in polyvinyl chloride or PVC , and " anything soft plastic like rubber duckies and shower curtains and blow - up toys , " Swan says .
" It 's very strong evidence in my mind that something is definitely going on in our environment that is altering male reproductive development . "
Communities heavily polluted with gender - bender chemicals in Canada , Russia and Italy have given birth to twice as many girls as boys , which may help explain the shift in sex ratios worldwide .
Normally , 106 boys are born for every 100 girls but the ratio is falling .
The U.S. National Institute of Environmental Health Sciences calculated that 250,000 babies who would have been boys have been born as girls instead in the U.S. and Japan alone .
Some phthalates are manufactured in Canada , and many are imported for use or imported as part of a finished product .
There are currently no regulations relating to phthalate manufacture or use in Canada , aside from some provincial air quality standards .
The report – published by CHEMtrust , an environmental charity in London – aims to put pressure on the European Union when it reviews the legislation of these chemicals .
" What we want is a better regulation of these gender - bending , hormone - disrupting chemicals because we feel those are the most worrying chemicals undermining future generations , " says Elizabeth Salter Green , co-director of CHEMtrust .
" If you knock off an animal 's capability to reproduce , you can find yourself with a pretty dysfunctional biodiversity . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
With files from The Independent
France paralysed by a wave of strike action , the boulevards of Paris resembling a debris - strewn battleﬁeld .
The Hungarian currency sinks to its lowest level ever against the euro , as the unemployment ﬁgure rises .
Greek farmers block the road into Bulgaria in protest at low prices for their produce .
New ﬁgures from the biggest bank in the Baltic show that the three post - Soviet states there face the biggest recessions in Europe .
It 's a snapshot of a single day – yesterday – in a Europe sinking into the bleakest of times .
But while the outlook may be dark in the big wealthy democracies of western Europe , it is in the young , poor , vulnerable states of central and eastern Europe that the trauma of crash , slump and meltdown looks graver .
Exactly 20 years ago , in serial revolutionary rejoicing , they ditched communism to put their faith in a capitalism now in crisis and by which they feel betrayed .
The result has been the biggest protests across the former communist bloc since the days of people power .
Europe 's time of troubles is gathering depth and scale .
Governments are trembling .
Revolt is in the air .
Athens
Alexandros Grigoropoulos , a 15 - year - old middle - class boy going to a party in a rough neighbourhood on a December Saturday , was the first fatality of Europe 's season of strife .
Shot dead by a policeman , the boy 's killing lit a bonfire of unrest in the city unmatched since the 1970s .
There are many wellsprings of the serial protests rolling across Europe .
In Athens , it was students and young people who suddenly mobilised to turn parts of the city into no - go areas .
They were sick of the lack of jobs and prospects , the failings of the education system and seized with pessimism over their future .
This week it was the farmers ' turn , rolling their tractors out to block the motorways , main road and border crossings across the Balkans to try to obtain better procurement prices for their produce .
Riga
The old Baltic trading city had seen nothing like it since the happy days of kicking out the Russians and overthrowing communism two decades ago .
More than 10,000 people converged on the 13th - century cathedral to show the Latvian government what they thought of its efforts at containing the economic crisis .
The peaceful protest morphed into a late - night rampage as a minority headed for the parliament , battled with riot police and trashed parts of the old city .
The following day there were similar scenes in Vilnius , the Lithuanian capital next door .
After Iceland , Latvia looks like the most vulnerable country to be hammered by the financial and economic crisis .
The EU and IMF have already mounted a € 7.5 bn ( £ 6.6 bn ) rescue plan but the outlook is the worst in Europe .
The biggest bank in the Baltic , Swedbank of Sweden , yesterday predicted a slump this year in Latvia of a whopping 10 % , more than double the previous projections .
It added that the economy of Estonia would shrink by 7 % and of Lithuania by 4.5 % .
The Latvian central bank 's governor went on national television this week to pronounce the economy " clinically dead .
We have only three or four minutes to resuscitate it " .
Paris
Burned - out cars , masked youths , smashed shop windows , and more than a million striking workers .
The scenes from France are familiar , but not so familiar to President Nicolas Sarkozy , confronting the first big wave of industrial unrest of his time in the Elysée Palace .
Sarkozy has spent most of his time in office trying to fix the world 's problems , with less attention devoted to the home front .
From Gaza to Georgia , Russia to Washington , Sarkozy has been a man in a hurry to mediate in trouble spots and grab the credit for peacemaking .
France , meanwhile , is moving into recession and unemployment is going up .
The latest jobless figures were to have been released yesterday , but were held back , apparently for fear of inflaming the protests .
Budapest
A balance of payments crisis last autumn , heavy indebtedness and a disastrous budget made Hungary the first European candidate for an international rescue .
The $ 26bn ( £ 18 bn ) IMF - led bail - out shows scant sign of working .
Industrial output is at its lowest for 16 years , the national currency - the forint - sank to a record low against the euro yesterday and the government also announced another round of spending cuts yesterday .
So far the streets have been relatively quiet .
The Hungarian misery highlights a key difference between eastern and western Europe .
While the UK , Germany , France and others plough hundreds of billions into public spending , tax cuts , bank bailouts and guarantees to industry , the east Europeans ( plus Iceland and Ireland ) are broke , ordering budget cuts , tax rises , and pleading for international help to shore up their economies .
The austerity and the soaring costs of repaying bank loans and mortgages taken out in hard foreign currencies ( euro , yen and dollar ) are fuelling the misery .
Kiev
The east European upheavals of 1989 hit Ukraine late , maturing into the Orange Revolution on the streets of Kiev only five years ago .
The fresh start promised by President Viktor Yushchenko has , though , dissolved into messy , corrupt , and brutal political infighting , with the economy , growing strongly a few years ago , going into freefall .
Three weeks of gas wars with Russia this month ended in defeat and will cost Ukraine dearly .
The national currency , at less than half the value of six months ago , is akin to the fate of Iceland 's wrecked krona .
Ukrainians have been buying dollars by the billion .
In November the IMF waded in with the first payments in a $ 16bn rescue package .
The vicious power struggles between Yushchenko and the prime minister , Yuliya Tymoshenko , are consuming the ruling elite 's energy , paralysing government and leaving the economy dysfunctional .
Russia is doing its best to keep things that way .
Reykjavik
Proud of its status as one of the world 's most developed , most productive and most equal societies , Iceland is in the throes of what is , by its staid standards , a revolution .
Riot police in Reykjavik , the coolest of capitals .
Building bonfires in front of the world 's oldest parliament .
The yoghurt flying at the free market men who have run the country for decades and brought it to its knees .
An openly gay prime minister takes over today as head of a caretaker government .
The neocon right has been ditched .
The hard left Greens are , at least for the moment , the most popular party in the small Arctic state with a population the size of Bradford .
The IMF 's bailout teams have moved in with $ 11bn .
The national currency , the krona , appears to be finished .
Iceland is a test case of how one of the most successful societies on the globe suddenly failed .
Teaching ESL overseas has become an increasingly popular rite of passage for young North Americans .
Many twenty - somethings see this experience as a great way to do a bit of traveling without breaking the bank .
Feature photo by torres21 / Above photo by gwaar
If that is n’t reason enough to look into ESL work , here are eight hidden benefits to teaching English abroad .
1 . The training is painless .
A TESL certificate can be attained through a 100 hour course , and most schools offer evening / weekend sessions or online courses .
The fees start at about $ 500 USD , and many schools have services to help with the job hunt .
If you have some extra cash and want to start your travels immediately , larger ESL schools offer four week TESL training in exotic locations around Europe , Southeast Asia , or Central and South America .
2 . You can be a student in your own classroom .
Regardless of age , the students you teach will be excited to see a foreigner take an interest in their culture .
Most will gladly offer tips about local foods to eat , places to see , and things to try .
Young students can teach you a lot about pop culture or local slang , and simple conversations will give you insight into their family lives and customs .
For just one example , check out Matador member Teresita ’s blog , I Heart Our Global Pop Culture Icons .
Photo of Iraqi student by Army.mil
3 . A year is a long time …
… to experience a whole calendar ’s worth of festivals , holidays , cultural events , and seasonal foods .
You ’ll get much more insight than a single trip .
Also , worldwide holidays like Chinese New Year or Christmas are a bit different in every country .
You ’ll get to experience a unique version of a familiar holiday .
4 . It ’s a crash course in cultural sensitivity .
Most expats reach the “ Their society makes ZERO sense to me ! ” phase at some point .
It ’s a normal step in one ’s adjustment to a new culture .
Getting past this phase of culture shock means opening your mind to new and unfamiliar things .
Whether the traffic laws are driving you crazy , or new acquaintances ask questions that seem invasive to you , be patient .
Photo of Korean students by watchsmart
You ’ll come to appreciate the ways in which this foreign culture operates .
Most often , you ’ll note customs that strike you as far more practical than those in your native country .
5 . You ’ll get an instant network of local acquaintances .
Whether you ’re teaching in a language centre or public school , you ’ll be amongst colleagues who speak English .
Regardless of their level of expertise , they ’ll likely be keen to practice their English conversation skills with you .
Not only will you have new friends , but your coworkers can help you navigate the area and its customs better than any guidebook .
6 . You ’ll be tapping into an excellent grapevine .
A lot of good ESL jobs , and general travel tips , are accumulated by word of mouth .
By meeting other ESL teachers , you can get advice about new destinations or jobs from people who have been there , lived that .
Whether you wonder which South American country has the fewest work visa hassles , or you ’re curious about how rainy Vietnam ’s rainy season really is , other teacher - travelers can help .
Photo by dcJohn
7 . Travel is simple with a great home base .
If you ’re based in Thailand , you can visit Cambodia or Laos for under $ 50 USD .
If you ’re teaching in a European country and you ’re close to an airport , a weekend in Prague or Berlin is a cheap RyanAir flight away .
Once you ’re set up in a foreign country , the journey to other exotic locales becomes much , much easier .
8 . It ’s a resume - booster , even if you do n’t want to teach long - term .
You might worry that this job will look like a blip on your resume .
Even if your teaching experience consisted of sing - alongs and barnyard animal flashcards , do n’t underestimate the skills you developed along the way .
Communicating across cultural barriers , using leadership skills to conduct classes , and picking up a new language ( even just conversationally ) are great assets .
COMMUNITY CONNECTION
Lots of Matador members are either teaching abroad now or have past ESL experience .
Whether you want to teach in Istanbul or
import re
isalnum = re.compile ( '[ ^a - zA - Z0 - 9 ] ' )
def rpmvercmp( a , b ) :
# If they 're the same , we 're done
if a==b : return 0
def _gen_segments ( val ) :
" " "
Generator that splits a string into segments .
e.g. , ' 2xFg33.+f.5 ' => ( ' 2 ' , 'x Fg ' , ' 33 ' , 'f ' , ' 5 ' )
" " "
val = isalnum.split( val )
for dot in val :
res = ''
for s in dot :
if not res :
res += s
elif ( res.isdigit ( ) and s.isdigit( ) ) or \
( res.isalpha ( ) and s.isalpha ( ) ) :
res += s
else :
if res :
yield res
res = s
if res :
yield res
ver1 , ver2 = a , b
# Get rid of the release number
ver1_rel , ver2_rel = None , None
if ' -' in ver1 : ver1 , ver1_rel = ver1.rsplit ( '-')
if ' -' in ver2 : ver2 , ver2_rel = ver2.rsplit ( '-')
l1 , l2 = map ( _gen_segments , ( ver1 , ver2 ) )
while l1 and l2 :
# Get the next segment ; if none exists , done
try : s1 = l1.next ( )
except StopIteration : s1 = None
try : s2 = l2.next ( )
except StopIteration : s2 = None
if s1 is None and s2 is None : break
if ( s1 and not s2 ) : return 1
if ( s2 and not s1 ) : return -1
# Check for type mismatch
if s1.isdigit( ) and not s2.isdigit( ) : return 1
if s2.isdigit ( ) and not s1.isdigit( ) : return - 1
# Cast as ints if possible
if s1.isdigit( ) : s1 = int ( s1 )
if s2.isdigit( ) : s2 = int ( s2 )
rc = cmp(s1 , s2 )
if rc : return rc
# If we 've gotten this far , check release numbers
if ver1_rel is not None and ver2_rel is not None :
return rpmvercmp ( ver1_rel , ver2_rel )
return 0
As it turns out , RPM version comparison is pretty stupid .
Letters are counted as older than numbers ( 1.2.3 > 1.2.a ) , which is good .
Unfortunately , they count as a new segment as well , and things with more segments are newer .
This means that 1.2.3a > 1.2.3 ( because it splits into ( ' 1 ' , ' 2 ' , ' 3 ' , ' a ' ) and ( ' 1 ' , ' 2 ' , ' 3 ' ) ) .
Thus there is n't a very good way to put descriptions of prereleases into an artifact name — at least , not if you want to be able to upgrade to the final .
After reading a bunch about this ( including Wikipedia 's thoughts on the subject , which were pretty enlightening ) , I recommended we go to an odd / even scheme : odd - numbered versions are unstable , even are stable .
This would allow us to go from 1.2.3 ( the development branch ) to 1.2.3a ( alpha release ) to 1.2.3b to 1.2.3r c1 to 1.2.4 ( final release ) , and RPM would know how to upgrade the whole way .
Also , it 's apparent from the name of the artifact how much trust one can place in it .
We 'll see if it takes hold .
If nothing else , we 'll throw the build number in the artifact name , so 1.2.3-1234 will upgrade to 1.2.3-1250 just fine , except you 'll have to know ahead of time that 1234 was the beta and 1250 the final .
Israeli air strikes flattened bastions of Hamas rule in the Gaza Strip today in the third day of an offensive that has killed more than 325 Palestinians in the deadliest violence in the territory in decades .
" We have an all - out war against Hamas and its kind , " Israeli Defence Minister Ehud Barak said in parliament , using a term he has employed in the past to describe a long - term struggle against Israel 's Islamist enemies .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Broadening their targets to include the Hamas government in the Gaza Strip , Israeli warplanes bombed the Interior Ministry , which supervises 13,000 members of the group 's security forces .
The building had been evacuated and there were no casualties .
Israel also targeted the homes of at least two top commanders in Hamas 's armed wing .
The commanders were not at home at the time but several family members were killed .
Hamas , an Islamist movement that took over the Gaza Strip in 2007 , defied the Israeli assaults , the fiercest in the coastal enclave since the 1967 Middle East war .
Its forces fired a rocket salvo into the Israeli city of Ashkelon , killing one person , the second such fatality since Israeli bombing began on Saturday .
Israel has said the offensive - launched by a centrist government six weeks before a national election that opinion polls have predicted the right - wing Likud party will win - is aimed at halting rocket attacks that intensified after a six - month ceasefire with Hamas expired on 19 December .
Palestinian medical officials put the Gaza death toll at more than 325 and said more than 700 people have been wounded .
The United Nations Relief and Works Agency said at least 57 of the dead were civilians .
It based the figure , which an UNRWA spokesman called " conservative " , on visits by agency officials to hospitals and medical centres .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Israel declared areas around the Gaza Strip a " closed military zone " , citing the risk from Palestinian rockets , and ordering out journalists observing a build - up of armoured forces preparing for a possible ground invasion of the territory .
Excluding the press could help Israel keep under wraps its preparations for a Gaza incursion following three days of air strikes that have caused chaos , turned some buildings to rubble and left hospitals struggling to cope .
Wounded Gazans trickled one by one into Egypt and 10 trucks carrying medical supplies were allowed to cross into the blockaded territory .
Border officials said about 30 Palestinians were expected to leave the territory for treatment .
Most Gazans in the densely populated enclave stayed at home , in rooms away from windows that could shatter in blasts from air strikes on Hamas facilities .
Residents of southern Israel ran for shelter at the sound of alarms heralding incoming rockets .
" At no time could we leave the kids unattended .
They trembled every time there was a bombing , day and night , and all of us had almost no sleep , " said Umm Hassan , a mother of seven , in Gaza .
In Khan Younis in the southern Gaza Strip , an air strike killed a local commander of Islamic Jihad , three other members of the militant group and a child as they stood in the street , medical workers said .
Islamic Jihad said the commander was wanted by Israel and it described his death as an assassination .
Israeli aircraft also destroyed a laboratory building at the Islamic University , an institution that is a significant cultural symbol in Gaza .
Mark Regev , a spokesman for Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert , said the offensive would go on until the population in southern Israel " no longer live in terror and in fear of constant rocket barrages " .
" [ The operation could ] take many days , " said military spokesman Avi Benayahu .
In what it called a " terrorist " attack , the Israeli army said a Palestinian stabbed three Israelis in the Jewish settlement of Kiryat Arba in the West Bank before he was shot by a passer - by and arrested .
One of the wounded Israelis was in a serious condition .
Hamas spokesman Fawzi Barhoum has urged Palestinian groups to use " all available means " against Israel , including martyrdom operations " - a reference to suicide bombings .
The Gaza operation and civilian casualties have enraged Arabs across the Middle East .
Protesters burned Israeli and U.S. flags in several places to press for a stronger response from their leaders .
Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni , head of the ruling Kadima party and a candidate for prime minister in the 10 February election , said the army was targeting gunmen but " unfortunately in a war ... sometimes also civilians pay the price " .
Chief Palestinian negotiator Ahmed Qurie said US - backed peace talks with Israel have been put on hold , citing the Gaza offensive .
The negotiations over the past year have achieved little visible progress .
The UN Security Council called for a halt to the violence , but US President George W Bush 's administration , in its final weeks in office , has put the onus on Hamas to renew the truce .
Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul Gheit said during a visit to Turkey that " Israel must stop its killing operations against Palestinians " .
He called for an immediate ceasefire .
Bob Chapman | December 17 , 2008
As we know there are two sets of rules in banking and on Wall Street - one for the anointed and one for everyone else .
The anointed never go to jail for their crimes .
On Friday , it was reported that former Nasdaq stock market chairman Bernard Madoff was arrested for running a fraudulent investment business that lost $ 50 billion before he confessed to senior employees it was a “ giant Ponzi ” scheme .
Federal investigators working through the weekend to unravel Bernard Madoff ’s alleged $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme found evidence he ran an unregistered money - management business alongside his firm ’s brokerage and investment - advisory subsidiaries , two people with knowledge of the inquiry said .
Clients of the undisclosed unit may have included hedge funds , according to the people , who declined to be identified or to name the funds because the probe is n’t public .
Investigators from the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission are looking for signs that others participated in the alleged fraud and are examining why Madoff ’s wife ’s name appeared on documents linked to transactions under scrutiny , the people said .
His wife , Ruth Madoff , has not been accused of any wrongdoing .
We now are faced with another budding scandal , which is engulfing Robert Rubin former Treasury Secretary under Bill Clinton and his former disciple Chuck Prince for their roles in another Ponzi scheme that is now choaking world banking .
They and their accomplices over the past five years are named in a federal lawsuit for an alleged complex cover - up of toxic securities , which was administered worldwide .
They caused part of what you see in CDO , Collateralized Debt Obligations , which have been responsible for trillions of dollars in losses .
These disastrous securities that were sold by Citibank were off the books in shell entities .
The actions of Rubin and his partners in crime were responsible for the collapse of Citigroup , which wiped out $ 122 billion in shareholder value .
What is equally onerous to shareholders is that Rubin and his gang of accomplices were able to hold Citigroup ’s shares up in value while they cashed out $ 150 million worth - stock sales that were suspicious and calculated to maximize the personal benefits from undisclosed inside information .
A trait Wall Street Illuminists are famous for .
Rubin made $ 30.6 million on the deal .
What more would you expect from the masters of the universe ?
Considering this suit we see a winter of deep discontent .
It is the apparent result of twisted ideology or manifest sociopath behavior .
Financial innovation was just another ruse to empty the pockets of the investor .
This was an age of mitigating risk by spreading it throughout the system .
It was thought that this would blunt the negative force of such scams .
It did not work .
This is what we forecast six years ago and which only became realty 1 - 1/ 2 years so .
When the results of such antics began to take the financial system down .
Americans and others have no idea what is going on nor do they understand the gravity of the situation .
This is an event that only happens once every 500 to 1,000 years .
This is going to be one of the granddaddies of all collapses .
The elitists had to play boosting the value of real estate to dizzying heights and then burying it in structured finance .
In a world of stable real estate prices , SIV’s and CDO ’s were relatively risk free , but this was not a stable environment .
Professionals should have realized that normal rules did n’t apply .
Foreign banks , hedge funds , insurance companies and other institutions bought 70 % of what became toxic waste , as they poured dollars back into the US economy supplying at times $ 3 billion a day in investment to keep America from going bankrupt .
The buyers knew that lending practices had changed dramatically and that risk had increased exponentially .
Eighty percent of mortgages were being securitized .
Greed drove all the players from the borrowers to the buyers of what became toxic garbage .
A daisy chain of corruption and greed .
The buyers were not happy with a better yield , they had to borrow money and leverage the CDOs and SIVs 30 to 100 to one .
As you know we have just witnessed the de-leveraging of this process and the devastating effect it has had on all markets and the world economy .
The Illuminists got the ball rolling by getting revenge on Bear Stearns by financially assassinating them and looting the valuable assets of the company .
The recipient was JP Morgan Chase , a major owner of the Federal Reserve , which you loaned $ 29 billion to pull off this theft .
This started the de-leveraging and the run on the derivatives .
Lehman Brothers was next and their demise caused even more havoc .
Just prior to that was the collapse of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , both derivative borne disasters .
Taxpayers are on the hook for $ 9.4 trillion and climbing .
The Fed refuses to say who received their largess and what the terms are .
Citigroup will cost $ 1 trillion and AIG $ 500 billion .
The Treasury is backstopping $ 600 trillion in derivatives and the Fed and the Treasury are doing the same for the entire structured finance segment .
The latter and municipal bonds are essentially frozen .
There are few buyers .
There is nothing normal about this recession / depression .
We are looking at the destruction of the system , which we forecast over eight years ago .
Any entity with money does n’t want to lend or to buy .
That is ABS , CDOs , SIVs , CP , munis , auction rate securities and CDS .
It is a semi - frozen to frozen system .
In order to get banks to lend at all the Fed poured funds into domestic and foreign banks , and has forced down interest rates on Treasuries as well as the Libor .
Paulson ’s attempt to revive loan securitization is an exercise in futility .
The banks do not even want to borrow short and lend long anymore .
No more 30 - year fixed rate mortgages for now .
They have too many bad debts and do not need any more foreclosures .
Let the FHA handle the business until the smoke clears .
The banks , Wall Street , government , and the Fed are putting out so many fires that they have little time to restore confidence .
There is still no transparency .
When you ask a simple question of government the answer is it is a state secret and cannot be divulged .
The Fed arrogantly simply refuses to answer .
As we stated previously banks are lending but only to the best borrowers and loans are up 20 % , but only in that category – and that includes mortgages .
The system falls deeper and deeper into trouble every day .
The banks are holding on with Fed and Treasury help , as are most sectors of the economy .
What is really vulnerable is Wall Street , insurance , pension and retirement plans , hedge funds and those in the stock market .
The market is only 50 % down .
It has 50 % more to go .
The stimulation brought forth by the Treasury and the Fed has to lead to a decline in the dollar and a rise in gold and silver .
We are already into a dollar correction .
The fight by the Treasury and the Fed to keep interest rates low will get more difficult and cost more money .
They have again lost control of the dollar .
This means gold and silver should break out again soon .
Treasuries , the bond market and the stock market will all be under tremendous downward pressure .
The perceived safety of Treasuries will soon be history .
This is why we have recommended for those of you who want only safety to use Swiss franc Treasuries .
The dollar faces a $ 1.3 trillion fiscal deficit in September of 2009 and a trade deficit of $ 57 to $ 60 billion and a $ 500 billion balance of payments deficit .
The M3 started rising again and will start to show up in inflation again in January .
It is now only a matter of time before interest rates rise again from their ridiculous current levels .
As the dollar comes under pressure the Treasury market is experiencing fails - to - deliver of $ 2 trillion and that is hardly chicken feed .
This certainly has to be a crisis of confidence for Treasury investors and another good reason to stay away from them .
Who would want to chase record low yields and fails that range from $ 1.3 to $ 2 trillion ?
It is like who ’s on first .
As a result broker / dealers have stopped delivering bonds .
Holders of US Treasuries are now scared to lend them into the repo market in case their bonds are not returned , and potential buyers sit on the sidelines fearful of handing over their money to a counterparty that at best might not deliver a bond on time , and at worse , might go under .
Treasuries are some safe haven .
It could be in time investors will refuse to buy Treasuries .
That would make it increasingly difficult and expensive to raise money and rollover maturing debts .
Due to fails - to - deliver the natural balance of supply and demand has been altered and the true price of Treasuries has been obscured .
In addition , fails have spread across other bond markets .
While this transpires the Fed sits on its hands and does nothing .
They just told the players to sort it out for themselves .
Could it be the Fed wants a collapse ?
The global economy has significantly contracted since the collapse of Lehman , which spurred this problem .
The Fed ’s attitude hardly instills confidence when 8.6 % of all Treasuries failed in the first five months of the year .
Now that figure is 20 % .
As we said these fails have affected other markets and this problem is not new .
In 2004 , fails for government agency MBS was 40 % .
It really is a case of greed by the players not wanting government to interfere .
Once the system breaks down , and it will break down , the pros and the institutions will get delivery but not the public .
The profit lies with the institutions .
Another problem is that more bonds are trading than exist .
That is due to naked shorting mostly by dealers .
An investigation is underway , but as usual , nothing will happen .
As we warned some time ago not only residential real estate has serious problems , but so does commercial .
The market is frozen because buyers cannot get financing .
Months ago we brought to your attention in NYC the Stuyvesant Town - Peter Cooper Village and the Riverton Apartments in Harlem .
There are developments all over the country that are in serious trouble due to lower revenue or cancellations .
Bonds for such commercial projects are yielding on average 15.2 % versus 8.5 % in mid-November .
Credit default swaps on such bonds on AAA securities rose 133.5 bps to 847.5 , or $ 847,500 in annual premiums to insure $ 10 million of the debt .
That is $ 619,000 more than at the end of October .
The 2006 funded ALT - A mortgages delinquencies averaged 20.3 % and 12.5 % for 2007 up from 16.9 % and 12.2 % just six months ago , and as unemployment rises these mortgage problems will worsen .
The credit crisis has begun to be reflected in a demand collapse .
The downturn is the worst in 27 years .
This unfortunately is what we predicted and it has come to pass .
The Baltic dry index has fallen from 11,000 to 800 and China will shut down 100,000 plants this year .
As we have reported previously rioting has been rife in major cities .
In large exporting cities unemployment is over 10 % .
It is no wonder the Communist government is going to spend $ 650 billion on domestic infrastructure .
These problems will hit every economy and society .
Versus gold every currency will fall .
The chickens are coming home to roost .
No matter what governments following Keynesianism say , every government will have to revert to a gold standard and God help those that do not have gold reserves .
They will have to buy reserves back and that , of course , will send gold soaring .
Yes , inflation drives up gold and silver and deflation does as well as it becomes a flight to quality .
When nations currencies are not worth the paper they are written on gold becomes the standard .
We do not know for sure where gold is going .
Official inflation since 1980 would put it close to $ 3,000 and unofficial inflation over $ 6,000 .
If we return to a gold standard we could be looking at $ 9,000 to $ 10,000 an ounce , who knows .
All we know is that is where all this is headed .
We have seen one report that was looking for more than $ 50,000 an ounce .
November was the worst month in the US labor market since the oil crisis of 1974 .
The rising cost of corporate debt is flashing warning signals that far worse is to come over the next few months and job losses are headed for levels last seen during the “ Great Depression ” of the 1930s .
As investors flee risk in corporate bonds they pursue US Treasuries , which are just as risky .
The pace of layoffs already happening in the US is indicative of panic .
Mind you , what you are seeing are official statistics not real numbers , which are much worse .
As troops go into the process of leaving Iraq troop levels in Afghanistan have risen 20,000 and it is expected troops on the ground theme within the next 18 months will rise to 58,000 .
Just like in Vietnam the conventional wisdom says these troops are absolutely necessary .
While this goes forward we do not hear a peep from Congress .
There is no debate it is just happening .
The opium profits have to be protected and how else do you get unemployed young people off the streets ?
Over the past three months the monetary base has risen $ 630 billion or 76 % yoy .
From 8/87 to 11/05 the monetary base rose at a 6.8 % rate .
As an afterthought , the Fed ’s portfolio of securities extended by $ 1.2 trillion over the past eight weeks to a record $ 2.2 trillion .
Banks have increased lending to their best clients , but most of the injections ended up in dividends , bonuses and or the balance sheet .
The legacy NYC banks under new law are getting interest 1 % above the Fed funds rate .
This will flood the financial system with unlimited amounts of money .
This is part of quantitative easing that includes unlimited amounts of money and credit and zero interest rates .
It also includes the purchase of toxic junk , ABS , including credit card packages , car loans and student loans .
In just over the last year more than $ 10 trillion has been lost in residential real estate , the inventory overhand is more than 10 months or some 3 million homes for sale .
The Fed and the Treasury are purchasing hundreds of billions of ABS and MBS from banks and Wall Street and from Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
As a result of the latter , 30 - year mortgages are being driven relentlessly lower .
In addition the Fed and others have driven interest rates to their lowest level in over 50 years .
The 10 - year Treasury notes recently were driven down to 2.48 % .
As the Fed ’s manipulation proceeds massive amounts of new Treasury securities are entering the market .
We are calling the federal deficit at $ 1.3 trillion for fiscal 2009 .
Some already believe it will go over $ 2 trillion .
Tell us why would anyone want to be long US Treasuries or the US dollar ?
As we predicted , in spite of a 4 - 1/ 4 % drop in the Fed funds rate , housing continues to fall in value .
We believe it will continue to do so at least for 2 to 3 more years .
This while unemployment grows and consumer spending falls .
The deflationary spiral is there .
The question is how long can the Fed and the Treasury hold it off ?
Japan failed and the US will fail .
The elitists engineered the collapse of the US , Canadian and European economies now they ’ll have to deal with the workers they ’ve dispossessed .
They know who was responsible for their plight .
The public has worked their entire lives and has little or nothing to show for it .
Their pensions and 401 k ’s have been decimated and they are trapped unable to stop the decimation of their wealth .
What has transpired over the past eight years has been a massive transfer of wealth from the workers to the very wealthy .
This time even the upper - middle class and the middle - class are being pulled apart .
Wall Street and banking are responsible and ironically they are bailing themselves out leaving the workers with very little .
These , the world ’s most productive workers , who work longer and harder , see shrinking wages and falling purchasing power the victim of stealth inflation .
The greed and corruption of the Illuminists knows no end .
They have left 50 million people without health care .
Business has converted full time jobs to part - time jobs to eliminate benefits and in the process lower the pay scale .
It just does n’t end .
It goes on and on and can only get worse .
Word on the ‘ Street ” is that JP Morgan Chase is a systemic risk problem and they do not know how to solve the problem .
Merrill put out a sell on Morgan .
They have derivative problems not only with their own paper , but also with that inherited from Bear Stearns .
It could be gold and silver that takes Morgan to the edge .
We could be talking trillions of dollars in losses .
Morgan is one of our recommended shorts at $ 39.36 .
It closed at $ 28.60 .
We are pulling our first short cover at $ 23.00 and leaving it open .
Morgan is going much lower .
The wreckage in the $ 500 billion subprime and $ 1 trillion ALT - A mortgages will get much worse .
The foreclosures are headed even higher than expected .
We are not even close to discounting the credit - market meltdown that will stretch well into the future .
The FDIC is looking to hire about 125 new workers in order to cope with more bank closings in 2009 .
The starting salary is $ 156,000 a year .
The municipal bond market lost 8.2 % in 2008 .
As you know we are short a number of major homebuilders .
We believe almost all of them will be wiped out , because how can you build and sell when there are millions of unsold home inventory on the market .
The option - ARM resets will be a killer .
The SIPC has been wiped out by the Madoff Ponzi scam .
It will be interesting to see what government does next .
Diary Farmers of America and to former top officials will pay $ 12 million in penalties for a 2004 scam to manipulate milk futures .
Bristol Myers Squibb is going to cut an additional 800 jobs , or 10 % of its workforce .
Interest rates at zero or 0.25 % make little difference .
Fourteen months ago rates were substantially higher and lowering them has not extracted us from the financial credit crisis .
The lower rates wo n’t make bad loans good .
These psychological boosts have withered each time they have been produced .
Tuesday ’s
Fed rate lowering will accomplish little and the market will come tumbling back down .
Worse yet , the Fed has played its last interest rate card .
They have accomplished little since this deadly fiasco began .
Their efforts have not stopped the recession nor have the mountainous creation of money and credit – they are a complete failure .
They created a stronger dollar for five months ; now the dollar has collapsed again .
The Fed can only increase money and credit in greater volume , as inflation becomes hyperinflation and gold and silver soar .
The Fed is trapped , they are in a box and they can not get out .
They and their lies and corruption are going to go down in flames .
There can be no miracles , reality is what it is .
Truth is about to triumph .
The Ponzi scheme is in its final stages .
All the prosperity since the 1970s has been a big lie .
You must have all your investible assets in gold and silver related assets .
It is your last chance to capitalize at inexpensive prices .
The lack of trust in the financial world over counterparty risk is accelerating and contracts of all kinds are being forced to be settled .
Derivatives in the trillions of dollars are being forced to be settled and JP Morgan Chase is in serious trouble .
Morgan is the biggest Fed shareholder and that means the Fed and the Treasury will bail them out for trillions of dollars .
That means money and credit will have to be created at breakneck speed .
The scandal at Citigroup with Robert Rubin , the mirror Madoff catastrophe , only $ 50 billion and now we have JP Morgan Chase on the ropes .
Wall Street , banking and Washington are trying to keep the problems at Morgan under wraps .
The Fed , by cutting its official rate to 0 to 0.25 % , is just putting the Fed ’s target rate in line with the effective or real rate .
But the Fed , via its communiqué , is admitting that it is petrified of what is occurring in the economy and financial system so it is now in all out money / credit dump mode .
Since the Committee 's last meeting , labor market conditions have deteriorated , and the available data indicate that consumer spending , business investment , and industrial production have declined .
Financial markets remain quite strained and credit conditions tight .
Overall , the outlook for economic activity has weakened further .
The Federal Reserve will employ all available tools to promote the resumption of sustainable economic growth and to preserve price stability .
In particular , the Committee anticipates that weak economic conditions are likely to warrant exceptionally low levels of the federal funds rate for some time .
As previously announced , over the next few quarters the Federal Reserve will purchase large quantities of agency debt and mortgage - backed securities to provide support to the mortgage and housing markets , and it stands ready to expand its purchases of agency debt and mortgage - backed securities as conditions warrant .
The Committee is also evaluating the potential benefits of purchasing longer - term Treasury securities .
Early next year , the Federal Reserve will also implement the Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility to facilitate the extension of credit to households and small businesses .
The Federal Reserve will continue to consider ways of using its balance sheet to further support credit markets and economic activity .
The Fed is frantically signaling that it wants asset prices to inflate and will engage in any and all activities that will force asset prices higher .
The Fed announced that it will monetize the entire debt market if necessary .
As we have asserted , the Fed has bet the entire ranch .
Now we get to see if it works .
PASSENGERS on the plane which crash landed on the Hudson river last night insisted the terrifying experience was much better than Heathrow .
As the stricken US Airways jet drifted over the skyscrapers of Manhattan before ditching in the freezing water , dozens of frightened passengers thanked God they were not arriving in London .
Tom Logan , a New York businessman , said : " As someone who has flown into Heathrow twice in my life , today 's experience was like having a long , soapy shower with Heidi Klum .
" I hear they 're planning a third runway at Heathrow .
They should build a large moat instead .
It would improve the experience immeasurably . "
Kathy Cook , a sales assistant from New Jersey , said : " I looked out the window and saw the water getting closer and closer .
I thought of my children , my husband , all the things I 've never done and then I thought , 'oh well , at least it 's not Heathrow ' . "
She added : " Minutes later we were all squeezed onto the wing in the freezing cold waiting to be rescued and it occurred to me that this was actually much less crowded than Heathrow and with better facilities . "
Aviation experts said the pilot , Chesley Sullenberger , was a hero for guiding the plane to a safe landing and saving the 155 passengers from a Heathrow - like nightmare .
Sullenberger said : " I kept saying to myself ' come on Ches , make it better than Heathrow .
Just make it better than Heathrow ' . "
A US Airways spokesman said the passengers should receive their luggage within 48 hours , adding : " It 's not as if the plane has been anywhere near Heathrow .
It 's just partially submerged in the Hudson river . "
WASHINGTON ( AP ) 
The United States on Friday made an emergency contribution of more than $ 20 million for urgent relief efforts in the Gaza Strip , a day after the United Nations launched a flash appeal for $ 613 million to help Palestinians recover from Israel 's three - week military operation there .
The State Department said President Obama had authorized the use of $ 20.3 million from the U.S. Emergency Refugee and Migration Assistance Fund for humanitarian assistance to the 1.4 million Palestinians in Gaza .
The money will go to U.N. agencies and the International Committee of the Red Cross , which are distributing emergency food assistance , providing medical care and temporary shelter , creating temporary employment and restoring access to electricity and potable water , the department said in a statement .
The Israeli offensive killed nearly 1,300 Palestinians , including hundreds of civilians , and caused an estimated $ 2 billion in damage , Palestinian officials say .
The assault was launched to halt years of Hamas rocket fire on southern Israel .
Copyright 2009 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Had a hydro facial there before my wedding and was surprised how well it works !
My expectation was some clearer skin but what a difference it made for the event and wedding photos .
Highly recommended for anyone , including apprehensive guys , of the value of an aestheticare treatment for an important event .
I 'm very much a fan of the " classics " but I also appreciate contemporary writers , especially those with a wonderfully off - kilter take on the world like Hunter S. Thompson .
My English degree exposed me to some great literary nooks and crannies I 'd never dreamed of , including some of the following :
J.D. Salinger - The Catcher In The Rye
John Howard Griffin - Black Like Me
Emily Bronte - Wuthering Heights
L. Frank Baum - The Wonderful Wizard of Oz
Lewis Carroll - Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland
Margaret Atwood - The Edible Woman
I also must champion some great poetical works like Atwood 's " Journals of Susanna Moodie " or Matthew Arnold 's " Dover Beach " and various works by William Blake , Emily Dickinson , Lord Alfred Tennyson , Samuel Taylor Coleridge and everything that William Wordsworth wrote .
Are you looking for luxury property for sale in St Kitts & Nevis ?
This dual - island country is renowned for its natural beauty & unique landscape offering both beautiful beaches & mountains with plenty of cultural experiences .
Advertisement Continue Reading Below
Homemade caramels scented with vanilla and whiskey and sprinkled with a generous amount of sea salt .
Your taste buds will never be the same when trying out this salted caramel recipe .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Google dominates the world of web search but will it get lucky in finding new ideas ?
Our technology correspondent Rory Cellan - Jones has been to Google 's Silicon Valley headquarters to find out .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
The Bush administration came under fire for losing its emails .
Almost a week into his presidency , Barack Obama ’s administration can’t get its email addresses to work at all .
Emails to Obama ’s top press officials bounced back Monday , and Nick Shapiro , a White House spokesman , told Mother Jones that he could give reporters his email address , but “ it would n’t do any good , ” since the White House email system is n’t working .
What about those Gmail addresses the Obama press team set up last week to handle press requests while the system was being set up ?
Those wo n’t work , either , says Shapiro , because you ca n’t access Gmail from White House computers .
White House Press Secretary Robert Gibbs promised during Monday ’s press briefing that he would “ endeavor to fix the email system , ” but gave no time frame for that to happen .
( Update : It ’s fixed as of Tuesday morning . )
While the lack of functioning email addresses is surely frustrating for the new denizens of the Eisenhower Executive Office Building , email has been far from the new administration ’s only tech problem .
In a post on the White House blog , an administration official ( probably Macon Phillips , the Director of New Media for the Obama White House ) tacitly acknowledged that the much - touted new WhiteHouse.gov website had experienced problems , too :
The new media team is coming online as well and our first priority is digging into this new website : improving some of the basic press office functions ( like the timely posting of press releases , executive orders , etc. ) , developing content from other parts of the Administration to share with you and mapping out a plan for technology development .
Thanks to heroic supporting roles by the Office of Administration ’s web and IT team ( career government employees who span administrations ) , we were able to launch the new website .
The fact that it took “ heroic ” efforts on the part of the OA ’s web and IT team to even get the new WhiteHouse.gov off the ground is worrying , although scarcely surprising for people who followed the Bush administration ’s tech problems .
A story by the Washington Post ‘s Anne Kornblut last Tuesday indicated that the Obama team arrived to find the White House in the “ technological dark ages . ”
For people who worked on the most tech - savvy presidential campaign in history , moving into the White House was undoubtedly a huge adjustment : no Macs , no Facebook , no Gmail , few laptops , and , apparently , no email ( yet ) .
All the IT chaos in the White House has opened up a minor debate across the blogosphere .
“ Why is government IT so awful ? ” asks the Atlantic ‘s Megan McArdle .
One of her readers , a “ government IT professional , ” blames Section 508 , which requires that government websites be accessible by people with disabilities .
Becks at Unfogged , who “ has developed websites for both state and federal agencies , ” says that ’s “ misguided ” :
I ’ll admit that I thought the regulations were a pain in the beginning but I ’ve come to believe in them and think they ’re right , and not only for the small minority of people using our websites who are blind and have to use a screen reader .
Section 508 compliance is above all about ensuring pages can transform gracefully , which makes them much more usable for everyone , from Boomers like my parents who might need to increase the font size to folks like me who want to access them on mobile devices with smaller screens .
A bigger reason we have bad government websites is because IT for many departments is stovepiped , with each department having their own funding and staff .
Each group reinvents the wheel when it comes to data standards , which makes sharing data between groups difficult , and designs their own user interfaces , which sucks up a lot of funding that could be going towards actual functionality and means a lot of them are crap .
It also creates funding nightmares — there are a lot of great mashups of data between 2 or more departments that could provide a lot of value to the taxpayer that are n’t being done because nobody can agree on which department should pay for them .
All the chaos Becks describes sounds like something that would be a good job for a government Chief Technology Officer .
As luck would have it , Barack Obama promised the appointment of just such a person during his campaign for president .
Over at Government Executive ‘s FedBlog , Alyssa Rosenberg asks , “ Now that you mention it , where ’s that Chief Technology Officer ? ”
It ’s a shame that Obama has n’t already appointed someone for the position .
As Jonathan Stein wrote in our January / February issue , fixing the government ’s technology problems is an enormous task :
This is , after all , the city where the White House email archiving system until recently relied on print - and - file , er , technology­ , while the FBI spent five years and $ 105 million on a case management system it ultimately threw out .
“ If anybody expects they can walk into the executive branch and reorganize it from a technological perspective without the strongest authorization under the law or from the executive , they ’re fooling themselves , ” says Stanford professor Lawrence Lessig , who consulted with the Obama campaign .
IT failures in the Executive Office of the President are nothing new .
Last year , while reporting on the Bush administration ’s loss of millions of White House emails , I exchanged notes with Jesse Wendel , the publisher of Group News Blog .
Wendel has worked in IT for almost 30 years .
He told me then that , “ If the pilot of Air - Force One were as sloppy as the White House IT staff , AF1 would go down .
If not this flight , then eventually .
It ’s no wonder they lost millions of emails .
Their sloppinesses and failure to correct obvious failure assured something bad was going to happen . ”
If Obama does n’t want history to repeat itself , he should appoint his CTO as soon as possible and have someone get to work not just fixing the email situation , but addressing the larger problem of government IT failure .
The Recording Industry Association of America is objecting to the webcasting of pretrial arguments in an upcoming file - sharing trial .
The RIAA claims that the re-runs " will be readily subject to editing and manipulation by any reasonably tech - savvy individual . "
That is among the arguments the RIAA is making in urging a federal appeals court to reverse a Massachusetts federal judge 's order that would allow the pretrial broadcast this Thursday .
The broadcast , assuming it goes forward , will include a Boston University student and his attorney challenging the RIAA 's copyright infringement case .
It is believed to be the first time a U.S. federal trial court has allowed a live internet stream from the courtroom .
" Petitioners are concerned that , unlike a trial transcript , the broadcast of a court proceeding through the internet will take on a life of its own in that forum , " the RIAA wrote ( .pdf ) the U.S. 1st Circuit Court of Appeals .
" The broadcast will be readily subject to editing and manipulation by any reasonably tech - savvy individual .
Even without improper modification , statements may be taken out of context , spliced together with other statements and broadcast ( sic ) rebroadcast as if it were an accurate transcript .
Such an outcome can only do damage to Petitioner 's case . "
The RIAA is taking exception to the fact that the feed will be distributed on the Berkman Center for Internet and Society 's website .
The head of the center is Charles Nesson , who is defending Joel Tennenbaum , the defendant in the case .
" Accordingly , in the name of ' public interest , ' the district court has directed the general public to a website replete with propaganda regarding the Defendant 's position in connection with this case , and that is specifically designed to promote Defendant 's interests in this case , " the RIAA wrote .
Last week , U.S. District Judge Nancy Gertner of Massachusetts granted the over - the - internet coverage for the 2 p.m. hearing .
Only a handful of U.S. trial judges have ever allowed cameras in their courtrooms during a live proceeding .
Most of the states grant local judges the discretion whether to allow cameras .
" At previous hearings and status conferences , the Plaintiffs have represented that they initiated these lawsuits not because they believe they will identify every person illegally downloading copyrighted material .
Rather , they believe that the lawsuits will deter the
Defendants and the wider public from engaging in illegal file - sharing activities .
Their strategy effectively relies on the publicity resulting from this litigation , " Gertner wrote in granting the internet coverage .
The 1st Circuit did not indicate when it would rule .
The RIAA also said the broadcast " creates a serious risk of unfairly infecting the pool from which the jury in this case will be selected . "
The RIAA , which has sued about 30,000 individuals on allegations of copyright infringement , claims it is winding down its 5 - year - old litigation campaign .
The recording industry 's litigation and lobbying arm told the circuit court that , " The public interest will not be served by broadcasting a single snippet of these proceedings , because doing so places a misleading emphasis on a limited aspect of the judicial process . "
Image : Modernhumorist.com
See Also :
In 1945 , after the atomic destruction of two Japanese cities , J. Robert Oppenheimer expressed foreboding about the spread of nuclear arms .
“ They are not too hard to make , ” he told his colleagues on the Manhattan Project at Los Alamos , N.M.
“ They will be universal if people wish to make them universal . ”
That sensibility , born where the atomic bomb itself was born , grew into a theory of technological inevitability .
Because the laws of physics are universal , the theory went , it was just a matter of time before other bright minds and determined states joined the club .
A corollary was that trying to stop proliferation was quite difficult if not futile .
But nothing , it seems , could be further from the truth .
In the six decades since Oppenheimer ’s warning , the nuclear club has grown to only nine members .
What accounts for the slow spread ?
Can anything be done to reduce it further ?
Is there a chance for an atomic future that is brighter than the one Oppenheimer foresaw ?
Slideshow ( 4 images )
LIMA ( Reuters ) - Peruvians crazy about their national dog , a bald and often toothless breed popular among Incan kings , offered on Monday to send a hypoallergenic puppy to the Obama family .
U.S. President - elect Barack Obama has promised daughters Malia , 10 , and Sasha , 7 , a new pet for the White House .
But Malia is allergic to most breeds , he said on Friday as speculation swirled about the dog the family would choose .
Owners of the Peruvian Hairless Dog , a breed dating back 3,000 years and depicted in pre-Hispanic ceramics , say it is perfect for kids who are sensitive to dogs .
“ They do not cause any type of allergy and are very friendly and sweet , ” said Claudia Galvez , 38 , director of the Friends of the Peruvian Hairless Dog Association .
“ We want to give a male puppy to Obama ’s daughters , so they get to experience all the joys of having a dog but without any allergies . ”
According to Peruvian folklore , the dogs have above - average body temperature , which compensates for their lack of hair and helps alleviate symptoms of asthma or arthritis suffered by their owners .
Galvez delivered a letter detailing her offer to the U.S. embassy in Lima on Monday and hopes Obama will accept it .
Galvez has a 4 - month - old pedigree puppy to send to the Obama family .
For now , she is calling it Ears because it has two large , perky ones .
“ But if we send it to the United States , its official name will be Machu Picchu , ” she said , referring to the ancient Incan citadel , Peru ’s top tourist attraction .
It is Singapore 's first recession since 2002 Singapore 's economy shrank between July and September , confirming it was the first Asian country in recession in the current financial crisis .
The island 's economy shrank 6.8 % in the third quarter , according to government data , worse than the first estimate of 6.3 % the government made last month .
Recession is generally defined as being two consecutive quarters of negative growth .
Hong Kong and Japan have since gone into recession as well .
The Singapore government now forecasts that its economy will shrink by 1 % for the whole of 2009 .
" Singapore 's economy is expected to face a broad - based slowdown in 2009 , " said the country 's Trade and Industry Ministry .
Compared with the same period last year , the economy shrank 0.6 % .
Singapore is heavily reliant on exports and the global slowdown means demand for its produce could decline significantly .
" The slowdown in international and regional trade will significantly impact our wholesale trade and the transport and storage sectors , " the Ministry said .
It added that " considerable uncertainty " remains as to the depth and duration of the downturn .
Monetary policy Despite the data , the country 's central bank has said it does not have plans to cut interest rates before April 2009 .
The central bank had already cut rates in October and the Singaporean dollar had been weakening in the expectation of further cuts .
But some analysts do not expect the Bank to hold out until then and predict that there could be a cut before the next meeting .
" We retain our view for the potential for an inter- meeting loosening , " said Emmanuel Ng , currency strategist at OCBC Bank in Singapore .
Despite the Bank 's stance , the government has promised 2.3bn Singapore dollars ( £ 1bn ; $ 1.5 bn ) in order to help small businesses access credit in the economic downturn .
Some 124,000 will be able to take advantage of the money , which will be available from 1 December .
" These measures seek to ensure that local enterprises have sufficient resources to continue to operate , invest trade and internationalise in an adverse economic climate , " said the Ministry of Trade and Industry .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Life is unfair .
You work every bit as hard as Joe the Java programmer next to you .
Yet as a C++ programmer , you do n't get to play with all the fancy programming tools Joe takes for granted .
In particular , without a good mocking framework , mock objects in C++ have to be rolled by hand .
Boy , is that tedious !
( Not to mention how error - prone it is . )
Why should you endure this ?
Dread no more .
Google Mock is finally here to help !
It 's a Google - originated open - source framework for creating and using C++ mocks .
Inspired by jMock and EasyMock , Google Mock is easy to use , yet flexible and extensible .
All you need to get started is the ability to count from 0 to 10 and use an editor .
Think you can do it ?
Let 's try this simple example : you have a ShoppingCart class that gets the tax rate from a server , and you want to test that it remembers to disconnect from the server even when the server has generated an error .
It 's easy to write the test using a mock tax server , which implements this interface :
class TaxServer {
// Returns the tax rate of a location
// ( by postal code ) or - 1 on error .
virtual double FetchTaxRate (
const string& postal_code ) = 0 ;
virtual void CloseConnection ( ) = 0 ;
} ;
Here 's how you mock it and use the mock server to verify the expected behavior of ShoppingCart :
class MockTaxServer : public TaxServer { // # 1
MOCK_METHOD1 ( FetchTaxRate , double ( const string& ) ) ;
MOCK_METHOD0 ( CloseConnection , void ( ) ) ;
} ;
TEST ( ShoppingCartTest ,
StillCallsCloseIfServerErrorOccurs ) {
MockTaxServer mock_taxserver ; // # 2
EXPECT_CALL ( mock_taxserver , FetchTaxRate ( _ ) )
. WillOnce ( Return ( - 1 ) ) ; // #3
EXPECT_CALL ( mock_taxserver , CloseConnection ( ) ) ;
ShoppingCart cart ( &mock_taxserver ) ; // # 4
cart.CalculateTax ( ) ; // Calls FetchTaxRate ( )
// and CloseConnection ( ) .
} // #5
Derive the mock class from the interface .
For each virtual method , count how many arguments it has , name the result n , and define it using MOCK_METHODn , whose arguments are the name and type of the method .
Create an instance of the mock class .
It will be used where you would normally use a real object .
Set expectations on the mock object ( How will it be used ?
What will it do ? ) .
For example , the first EXPECT_CALL says that FetchTaxRate ( ) will be called and will return an error .
The underscore ( _ ) is a matcher that says the argument can be anything .
Google Mock has many matchers you can use to precisely specify what the argument should be like .
You can also define your own matcher or use an exact value .
Exercise code that uses the mock object .
You 'll get an error immediately if a mock method is called more times than expected or with the wrong arguments .
When the mock object is destroyed , it checks that all expectations on it have been satisfied .
You can also use Google Mock for rapid prototyping – and get a better design .
To find out more , visit the project homepage at http://code.google.com/p/googlemock/.
Now , be the first one on your block to use Google Mock and prepare to be envied .
Did I say life is unfair ?
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- The U.S. Army is recalling more than 16,000 sets of body armor even though the secretary of the Army disagrees with a Department of Defense report that some of the ceramic plates failed testing and might not offer the protection required for troops on the battlefield .
At issue are the removable bullet - proof ceramic plates that are part of a soldier 's body armor .
The report by the Department of Defense inspector general 's office , expected to be released officially on Friday , says the Army had flawed testing procedures before awarding contracts to make the armor plates .
" DoD does not have assurance that its body armor provides a standard level of protection , " according to the report .
Army Secretary Peter Geren denied any problems with testing but said the armor is being recalled as a precaution and will be replaced with other plates that are not part of the recall , according to Army officials .
The recall represents only about 1.6 percent of the 1.9 million sets of body armor that have been put in the field since 2001 , Army officials said .
Ceramic plates are the bullet - proof part of a soldier 's body armor that slide into the front and back of the vest .
In a letter of response to the report from Inspector General Gordon Heddell , Geren said he did not agree with the findings and was supported by the military 's preeminent testing expert .
" According to the DOT&E ( director of operational test and evaluation ) , the plates at issue passed the tests .
Again , that is not only the conclusion of the Army , but of the Department of Defense experts in the highly specialized field of ballistic testing , " Geren wrote .
Because there is a disagreement between two Department of Defense entities , Geren is forwarding the matter to the deputy secretary of defense to make a final ruling on whether the questioned armor should be discarded or returned to the inventory for possible use , according to Army officials .
The report focused on a number of issues , many of which the Army agreed with .
However , the Army and the inspector general are at odds over a testing step called " first article testing , " initial testing of a product to meet Army standards .
The inspector general says the Army did not perform the tests correctly on some of the plates .
Army officials said there is no evidence of any imperfections in the plates .
The inspector general 's report also questioned why the Army had different criteria than the U.S. Special Forces in its testing of the equipment .
" The criteria differed significantly , even when testing against the same threats , " the report said .
" Differences included the number of plates tested ( sample size ) , the shot pattern , the environmental conditions , the type of tests , and the pass / fail guidelines . "
Army officials close to the issue said not one soldier had been killed because of an armor defect .
Officials said the Army has X - ray machines in the field to examine damaged plates to look for problems and build an information database to improve on the armor technology .
Rep. Louise Slaughter , D - New York , who requested the audit and has been pressing the issue of looking into body armor since 2006 , said that while the recall represents a relatively low percentage of plates , there is still a potential danger .
" It is way too high for me .
We do n't know how many soldiers could not live or escape being egregiously wounded because their body armor did not work , " she said .
The inspector general audit is the second requested by Slaughter , who did not like the initial findings and thinks the Army is wrong in its thinking about the current findings .
She called the report " devastating . "
" It was their responsibility to make sure that [ the body armor ] is state of the art and it will do everything it can to protect that soldier , " she said .
" I am anxiously awaiting the results of this dispute . "
All About U.S. Army • U.S. Department of Defense • Louise Slaughter
So , you need to generate a PDF in Django with PISA ?
No problem !
Here at 20 Seven , we have had to do it many times and we came up with a simple easy - to - use guide anyone can use !
Are you ready ?
Let ’s get started !
What you need before you get cracking
A copy of PISA
A copy of Reportlab
Download the files and install both on your device .
Done ?
Cool , now we can move on to the next steps .
The inner workings
Now that you have PISA and Reportlab installed , you need to create a standard HTML template for your view .
Here is a handy sample :
<!DOCTYPE HTML PUBLIC “-//W3C//DTD HTML 4.01 Transitional // EN ”
“ http://www.w3.org/TR/html4/loose.dtd”>
< html >
< head >
</head >
< body >
< div >
< h2 >{{ article.articletitle|upper }}</h2 >
< div >{{ article.content }}</div>
</div >
< div id =” footerblock ” >
{ %block pager %}
< pdf: pagenumber >
{%endblock%}
</div >
</ body >
</html >
Keep in mind that the pager block is going to paginate your pdf .
Other users should use the instructions below ( article functionality will grab the article from the database and send it to write_pdf in order to generate the pdf from the HTML created in the previous section ) .
import HTTP from Django
import get_template from django.template.loader
import Context from django.template
import ho.pisa as Pisa
import cStringIO as StringIO
import CGI
def write_pdf ( template_src , context_dict ) :
template = get_template ( template_src )
context = Context ( context_dict )
html = template.render( context )
result = StringIO.StringIO ( )
pdf = pisa.pisaDocument ( StringIO.StringIO (
html.encode ( “ UTF - 8 ” ) ) , result )
if not pdf.err :
return http.HttpResponse(result.getvalue( ) , \
mimetype=’application / pdf ’)
return http .
HttpResponse(‘ Gremlin’s ate your pdf ! %s’ % cgi.escape( html ) )
def article ( request , id ) :
article = get_object_or_404
( Article , pk=id )
return write_pdf( ‘dtd/pdf/template.html ’ , {
‘ pagesize ’ : ‘ A4 ’ ,
‘ article ’ : article} )
We would suggest using UTF - 8 as ISO - 8859 - 1 may blow up on coding .
Note : Standard page size you will get when generating a pdf via PISA on Django is A4 .
If you want to change this , write_pdf can get a template that works with your specific context and encode it .
The Reportlab API will allow you to customize and prettify your pdf easily with awesome canvas capabilities .
And that ’s a wrap !
We hope you have found this guide very helpful .
If you love coding and building and learning new stuff , check out this article .
Have fun playing around !
... Review does n't find a protective effect in post -HAART era ... TUESDAY Oct. 7 ( HealthDay News ) --
A new analysis of existing researc ... For one thing studies conducted prior to the age of powerful AIDS dru ...
There remains an open question as to whether circumcision will actual ...
Date:10/7/2008
Review does n't find a protective effect in post -HAART era
TUESDAY , Oct. 7 ( HealthDay News ) --
A new analysis of existing research finds little evidence that circumcision protects gay men from infection with the AIDS virus , but the issue is still far from settled .
For one thing , studies conducted prior to the age of powerful AIDS drugs showed that circumcision did have a preventive effect .
For another , no one has launched the most definitive type of research into the effects of circumcision on AIDS rates among gay men .
" There remains an open question as to whether circumcision will actually be a public health tool in the fight against AIDS for men who have sex with men , " said Dr. Sten Vermund , director of the Vanderbilt Institute for Global Health .
It 's already clear that circumcision lowers rates of AIDS infection by 50 percent to 60 percent among heterosexual men .
Circumcision appears to provide protection , because it rids a man of cells inside the foreskin that seem to be especially susceptible to AIDS infection , explained study author Gregorio A. Millett , a senior behavioral scientist with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
But the effects of circumcision on gay men have remained a topic of intense debate .
" People are interested in finding out what other things can we add to the HIV arsenal , " Millett said .
" As for now , we 're not sure [ circumcision ] is something we can add to the arsenal . "
In the new study , Millett and colleagues conducted a meta- analysis of 15 studies that looked at a total of more 53,000 men , 52 percent of whom were circumcised .
The findings are in the Oct. 8 issue of the Journal of the American Medical Association .
The more recent studies that the researchers analyzed failed to find a statistically significant protective effect from circumcision .
However , circumcised men had a 53 percent lower risk of becoming infected with HIV prior to 1996 , the era that preceded the use of powerful AIDS drugs , Millett said .
The meaning of that number is n't clear ; it 's possible that many of the men who avoided HIV infection in the older studies engaged in less risky sex , he added .
Vermund said the question of whether circumcision protects gay men from HIV wo n't be answered until a clinical trial is conducted .
Such a study may require some participants to undergo circumcision to understand how it affects their risk of HIV .
Vermund , co-author of a commentary accompanying the new study , added : " It would be nice if the global community would say , ' Look , we continue to have a horrific problem in men who have sex with men around the world .
We need to know whether circumcision is a tool that could reduce the incidents , and we 're not going to know that unless we do the clinical trials . ' "
Such a study would be difficult to launch in the United States , he said , but it might be possible in South America , where gay men are less likely to be circumcised .
More information
Learn more about HIV and circumcision from the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
SOURCES : Gregorio A. Millett , M.P.H. , senior behavioral scientist , Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , Atlanta ; Sten H. Vermund , M.D. , director , Institute for Global Health , Vanderbilt University School of Medicine , Nashville , Tenn . ; Oct. 8 , 2008 , Journal of the American Medical Association
'/> " />
Copyright ©2008 ScoutNews , LLC .
All rights reserved
0
GOOD
Related medicine news :
( CNN ) -- Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper said Thursday that Canada 's governor general has allowed him to suspend Parliament , postponing a no -confidence vote from his opponents that he was likely to lose .
Canadian Prime Minister Stephen Harper says Parliament will resume on January 26 .
Harper called on his opponents to work with his government on measures to aid the nation 's economy when Parliament returns on January 26 .
" The first order of business will be the presentation of a federal budget , " Harper told reporters outside the governor general 's residence in Ottawa , Canada .
" Those who were elected here to serve the interest of Canada as a whole should work together -- at least to some degree -- on planning an economic plan for Canada . "
Had Governor General Michaelle Jean -- who represents Britain 's Queen Elizabeth II as head of state -- denied Harper 's request , Monday 's vote would have likely brought down Harper 's government , less than two months after his Conservative Party strengthened its minority position in federal elections .
The Liberal Party and the leftist New Democratic Party announced plans earlier this week to form a governing coalition with the support of the Bloc Quebecois , which supports independence for French - speaking Quebec .
Liberal Party Leader Stephane Dion , the man who would fill Harper 's role under the planned coalition , said the coalition would look to replace Harper unless he makes " monumental change . "
Do n't Miss Canadian leader plans to fight ouster
" For the first time in the history of Canada , the prime minister of Canada is running away from the parliament of Canada , " said Dion , accusing the premier of placing " partisan politics ahead of the interest of all Canadians . "
New Democratic Party leader Jack Layton said Harper had used a " maneuver to escape accountability . "
" He refuses to face the people of Canada through their elected representatives , " he said .
" The prime minister is choosing to protect his own job rather than focusing on the jobs of Canadians who are being thrown out of work today . "
The news comes one day after Harper appealed directly to Canadians for support , vowing in a nationally televised address on the economy to halt his opponents , whom he accused of imposing their own agenda on the Canadian people .
" Unfortunately , even before the government has brought forward its budget , and only seven weeks after a general election , the opposition wants to overturn the results of that election , " said the prime minister , whose Conservative Party strengthened its minority position in federal elections on October 14 .
iReport.com : Outrage brewing in Canada
Harper rejected the idea of a " power - sharing coalition with a separatist party , " referring to the Bloc Quebecois , and insisted the country must stand together .
" At a time of global economic instability , Canada 's government must stand unequivocally for keeping the country together .
At a time like this , a coalition with the separatists cannot help Canada , " he said Wednesday .
" The opposition is attempting to impose this deal without your say , without your consent , and without your vote .
This is no time for backroom deals with the separatists ; it is the time for Canada 's government to focus on the economy and specifically on measures for the upcoming budget .
This is a pivotal moment in our history , " he said .
Harper , 49 , has served as prime minister since February 2006 .
All About Canada • Stephen Harper • Quebec
My new column is online and in the issue of TIME with a bunch of lists on the cover .
It begins :
It was only on the first of December that we finally got formal permission –from the Business Cycle Dating Committee of the National Bureau of Economic Research ( NBER ) –to call what the U.S. economy is experiencing a recession .
Just a few days later , after the Labor Department announced that U.S. employers shed 533,000 jobs in November and 1.2 million since August , some were agitating to ditch the R word and replace it with the more ominous D one .
“ Shall we call it a depression now ? ” asked former Labor Secretary Robert Reich .
“ The threat of a widespread depression is now real and present , ” argued the University of Maryland ’s Peter Morici .
It ’s a little hard to know what to make of such portentous statements , given that there is no agreed - upon dividing line between recessions and depressions , and no descriptive word in between .
“ It ’s a recession when your neighbor loses his job , ” Harry Truman once quipped .
“ It ’s a depression when you lose yours . ”
What Reich and Morici seemed to be groping for–other than media exposure ( mission accomplished ! ) –was a way to express that the current downturn may be a more serious phenomenon than other recessions of the post–World War II era .
In terms of length , this recession already looks likely to break the postwar record of 16 months set in 1973 - 75 and equaled in 1981 - 82 .
The NBER has deemed December 2007 the start date ( because that ’s when employment peaked ) , and it ’s very hard to find anybody willing to predict that the economy will resume growing by May .
As for severity , though the first eight months of the recession were quite mild , the pace of job losses since August is beginning to rival that of the big 1970s and ’ 80s recessions .
So while President - elect Barack Obama and others who dub this the worst downturn since the Great Depression do n’t have definitive evidence just yet , they ’re not blowing smoke either .
Read more .
Sign up for our email newsletter for the latest science news
The projected cost of climate change worldwide by 2100 , if we take a “ business as usual ” approach , according to a report published by the Natural Resources Defense Council .
Hurricane damage , real estate losses due to sea level rise , and expenses associated with drought all contribute .
The amount of solar heat , in Btu , that hits Earth ’s surface every second .
One plan for deflecting some of the heat : launching stacks of 800,000 reflective disks into orbit every 5 minutes for 10 years .
Cost : $ 5 trillion
The quantity of human - generated carbon dioxide , in billions of tons , that the oceans have absorbed .
Studies show the oceans are reaching their sequestering limits , so climate researcher Wallace Broecker advocates building 60 million 50 - foot - high towers to capture all of the world ’s carbon emissions , then pumping that carbon into saline aquifers .
Cost : a rise in energy prices of about 15 - 20 percent
The average drop in global temperatures after Mount Pinatubo in the Philippines blew its top in 1991 , spewing 20 million tons of sun-blocking sulfur dioxide .
Atmospheric chemist Paul Crutzen , a 1995 Nobel laureate , believes shooting 5.3 million tons of sulfur dioxide into the atmosphere annually could offset a doubling of carbon emission levels .
Cost : $ 130 billion
The amount that worldwide rainfall would be reduced by using space mirrors or sulfur particles to mitigate global warming , according to a paper published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
This could cause droughts around the world .
Past studies have found that CO2 pumped underground makes aquifers more acidic , potentially creating leaks .
Clearly , big solutions can come with big consequences .
Shocking : Offshore tax havens of the US corporate elite Mike Sheehan
Published : Friday January 16 , 2009
Print This Email This
Tax money for tax cheats .
It 's hard to otherwise describe the continuing federal bailouts that major US companies are enjoying in this woeful era of fiscal disaster , especially when -- as a scandalous new report reveals -- many of the key players are n't paying taxes .
The Government Accountability Office ( GAO ) , Congress ' investigative watchdog , has found that " a majority of America 's largest publicly traded companies and the U.S. government 's largest federal contractors use multiple subsidiaries in offshore tax havens to conduct business and avoid paying U.S. taxes , " writes Carol D. Leonnig for The Washington Post .
The culprits include some corporate giants who are receiving countless millions in bailout money , Leonnig notes .
Democratic Sens. Byron Dorgan and Carl Levin , who released the report , say that companies such as Citigroup and Morgan Stanley have set up " hundreds of tax haven subsidiaries " in such inconspicuous nations as Luxembourg , Mauritius and the Cayman Islands .
Others figuring prominently in the corporate tax - haven list are such varied firms as 3M , American Express , Caterpillar , Cisco , ConocoPhillips , Dell , Dow Chemical , Exxon Mobil , FedEx , GM , Kraft , Merck , Pepsi , Pfizer , Procter & Gamble , Wachovia , and Rupert Murdoch 's News Corporation , which tallied a whopping 782 foreign subsidiaries in 14 countries .
Among the federal contractors listed are Boeing , General Electric , Goodyear , Hewlett - Packard , Honeywell , IBM , ITT , Motorola , Oracle , and Xerox .
" This report shows that some of our country 's largest companies and federal contractors , many of which are household names , continue to use offshore tax havens to avoid paying their fair share of taxes , " says Sen. Dorgan ( D - ND ) . " [ S ] ome of those companies have even received emergency economic funds from the government .
" [ W ]e should take action to shut down these tax dodgers , " Dorgan says , " and we will be introducing legislation to do just that . "
The practice of using offshore havens is legal , but the senators hope to gain the support of the Obama administration for legislation to outlaw it , Leonnig writes .
The GAO report in full can be seen at this link .
Excerpts from the Post article , available in full at this link , follow ...
###
GAO , searching publicly available data filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission , determined that 83 of the 100 largest publicly traded corporations and 63 of the 100 largest federal contractors maintain subsidiaries in countries generally considered havens for avoiding taxes .
Dorgan and Levin said they requested the updated report from one several years ago because they are focused on combating offshore tax abuses , which they estimated cause $ 100 billion in lost U.S. tax revenue each year .
ad_icon
...
To illustrate the problem , Levin said the report found that Citigroup has set up 427 tax haven subsidiaries to conduct its business , including 91 in Luxembourg , 90 in the Cayman Islands and 35 in the British Virgin Islands .
He said other havens include Switzerland , Hong Kong , Panama and Mauritius .
" We need to put an end to the use of offshore secrecy jurisdictions as tax havens , " he said .
He noted that not all companies use such havens and some use far fewer than others .
For example , he said , " Pepsi has 70 tax haven subsidiaries , while Coca Cola has eight ; Morgan Stanley has 273 , while Fannie Mae has zero ; and Caterpillar has 49 , while Deere has three . "
###
Hei , denne artikkelen er over ett år gammel og kan inneholde utdatert informasjon
( Dagbladet.no ) :
Mens de fleste andre banker har sett ned renta et par ganger de siste månedene , skjer det motsatte hos Lånekassen .
Fra 1 . januar settes lånekasserenta opp fra 6,5 til 6,8 prosent .
DnbNor satte i desember renta ned fra 6,45 til 5,45 prosent .
Og det er ventet at renta skal gå ytterligere ned , noe sentralbanksjef Svein Gjedrem selv har uttalt i beste sendetid på TV .
Men de med studielån får alts å ikke ta del i rentelettelsen ennå , og Forbrukerr ådet krever nå at lånekassa innkaller til hastemøte for å sette ned renta .
Ligger på etterskudd
Forklaringen er rett og slett at Lånekassa ligger noen måneder på etterskudd .
- Lånekassas rente settes på bakgrunn av regler som er fastsatt av Kunnskapsdepartementet , sier Astrid Mjærum , informasjonssjef i Lånekassa , til Dagbladet.no .
Rentene i Lånekassa settes bare fire ganger i året .
- Renta som vil gjelde fra 1 . januar er basert på daglige observasjoner av markedsrenta i juli , august og september .
En av grunnene til at det er slik er at det skal være forutsigbart .
Renta vår går seinere opp og seinere ned enn vanlig bankrente .
I sum er det ingen som taper på det , sier Mjærum .
- Hvordan er det mulig
Ronny Dahl har 230 000 i studielån og en av mange som nå må betale høye renter det neste kvartalet .
Han tok denne uka kontakt med Lånekassa fordi de ikke har satt ned renta .
- Jeg har ikke noe problem med å betale mitt lån .
Men jeg synes det er rart at det skal være sånn .
Jeg spurte hvordan det kan være mulig .
Da fikk jeg til svar at de ligger omtrent et halvt år etter den vanlige renta , sier Dahl , som er utdannet innen arealplanlegging ved Universitetet for miljø - og biovitenskap i Ås .
- Med et sånt system legger de jo ikke opp til at det skal være lønnsomt å studere , sier Dahl til Dagbladet.no .
Kunnskapsminister Tora Aasland ser ingen grunn til å endre måten renta fastsettes på .
PARIS ( Reuters ) - France may pump up to 6 billion euros ( 5.5 billion pounds ) of aid into the country ’s ailing car industry , but Prime Minister Francois Fillon warned on Tuesday that automakers would have to safeguard French jobs in return .
French government ministers , European Commissioner Guenter Verheugen and representatives of the French car industry met on Tuesday at a summit to discuss what can be done to help manufacturers survive a widespread sales slump .
Fillon said the government was considering making 5 billion or 6 billion euros available for the French car industry , which provides jobs for almost 10 percent of the country ’s workforce .
Measures would be announced in the coming days , he said .
Renault - Nissan Chief Executive Carlos
Ghosn called for access to credit at reasonable rates and more EU funds for research into green technologies , and warned that 2009 and 2010 would be difficult and decisive for carmakers .
Christian Streiff , CEO of Europe ’s second - largest auto manufacturer PSA Peugeot Citroen , told the summit his company ’s financing needs added up to around 6 billion euros .
Tyre maker Michelin , however , said it did not need any state aid money .
Hit hard by the global decline in car sales , it issued two profit warnings last year , but said on Tuesday that its debt financing needs were covered , for now .
“ We have no urgent needs , ” Jean - Dominique Senard , managing partner and finance chief , told Reuters .
“ Our next debt repayment deadline ( of 470 million euros in April ) is already covered by bridge loans that allow us to refinance in a serene fashion , ”
Promising a massive , fast financing effort to deal with the “ emergency ” it faced , Fillon reiterated that the state would not abandon the sector but warned that help would not come without conditions .
The French state has already insisted that carmakers safeguard French jobs .
“ There is no question that the state should come to the aid of a manufacturer which would decide simply to shut one or more sites in France , ” Fillon said on Tuesday .
With banks not lending to carmakers at normal interest rates , Fillon called on the European Commission to approve an aid package quickly , as Verheugen stressed the need to ensure U.S. measures for its own struggling car industry met World Trade Organisation rules .
Verheugen , who agreed that public sector intervention was “ indispensable , ” added that nobody knew whether the worst of the financial crisis was over .
He said the Commission would carefully watch developments in the U.S. car industry , where the government has agreed to help the struggling “ Big Three ” Detroit manufacturers to ensure U.S. measures were compatible with World Trade Organisation rules , and did not disadvantage European players .
France does not expect the European Union to raise objections to the aid plan it is preparing for the sector , a senior official in President Nicolas Sarkozy ’s office said on Tuesday .
Renault ’s Ghosn called on Tuesday for united action across the EU region , where the car industry accounts for 2.2 million jobs directly , and 10 million more in related industries and services , in the face of a crisis he said would not be short - lived .
“ The measures that have already been put in place could prove to be insufficient .
In these conditions , a rapid , decisive and coordinated intervention from the European states is necessary , ” he said .
France ’s minister for European Affairs Bruno Le Maire told the summit that plans to harmonise French and German incentives for trading in old cars were being studied , as well as the possibility of an EU - wide scheme .
NO ILLUSIONS
Fillon said he had “ no illusions ” about lending conditions for carmakers improving soon , adding that about two months had passed since the head of Renault told him credit markets had seized up , and they were still frozen .
“ I think all European governments share this opinion -- we will not wait .
There is an emergency .
We need a massive response on the automobile sector ’s financing , ” Fillon said .
Fillon put forward the idea of the European Central Bank becoming involved in providing assistance to Europe ’s carmakers but he said he had been advised that was not an option .
“ A second solution would be for the European Central Bank to do what the central bank of the United States is doing .
I am told that is not possible , that there are all sorts of reasons why it is not possible .
Fine .
Well in that case , states will do it , he said .
Industry minister Luc Chatel said on Monday the government could offer financial help to the industry in exchange for stakes in carmakers .
KANSAS CITY , Missouri ( Reuters ) - A sign outside the Shawnee Community Center states a clear goal : “ A World Without Hunger . ”
But inside , that goal is getting harder to reach .
Men line up for plates of food at the Community Kitchen in the Harlem section of New York City December 10 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
Senior citizens , young parents and middle - aged working poor were among those lining up at the suburban center this week , quietly collecting handouts of pasta , canned vegetables , peanut butter and other staples to stave off hunger .
“ We are seeing more people this Christmas than last Christmas for sure , ” said Shawnee Community Center volunteer Verta Morris .
“ A lot of people are hungry . ”
Long lines are common sights these days at food pantries across recession - hit America .
U.S. food banks have reported a 30 percent rise in requests for emergency food assistance , according to a report issued last week by Feeding America , which supports 63,000 agencies and is the nation ’s largest hunger relief organization .
The group said the situation is expected to grow worse in 2009 amid rising unemployment , and a consortium of charity groups are calling on Washington for more federal assistance .
U.S. employers cut 533,000 jobs in November alone , the highest monthly number in 34 years .
“ We ’re in a crisis .
Absolutely , ” said Feeding America spokeswoman Maura Daly .
BREAKING POINT
Food assistance groups said many families who show up at their doors were recently making it on their own .
But two years of rising food and energy costs ate into what little safety net those families had .
Now , as jobs losses rise , many who were making ends meet can no longer do so .
“ People have just been stretched to the breaking point .
They have to turn to someone for help , ” said Karen Siebert , spokeswoman for Harvesters Community Food Network in Kansas City , which provides food for 420 food pantries in a 13 - county area and has seen demand jumped 50 percent this year .
Debbie and Victor Turner , both 48 , were among many waiting their turn on Monday in Shawnee for food supplies , which this week included a frozen turkey as a holiday treat .
Victor once worked in construction but he and his wife now clean houses for $ 65 to $ 100 a house .
They collect and sell scrap metal to cover their rent and care for three grandchildren .
“ Without this , we could be near starvation , ” Debbie said .
In big cities and small towns , the story is the same .
At St. Mary ’s Food Bank in Phoenix , about 180,000 meals a day are being distributed ahead of the Christmas holiday .
Unemployed landscaper Pete Munoz picked up food boxes and a turkey from the Phoenix food bank .
Munoz said this was the first Christmas he had needed such assistance .
“ At least now we have something to eat , ” said Munoz .
“ I hope things get a lot better work - wise next year . ”
The North Texas Food Bank , with demand up more than 25 percent , will distribute 780,000 meals over the holidays .
At Cincinnati’s Freestore Foodbank , which feeds 160,000 people a year in Ohio , Indiana and Kentucky , demand was up about 20 percent , according to spokeswoman Myrita Craig .
“ It ’s really kind of scary to know that that many people are feeling the impact of the economy to the extent that they need emergency food , ” Craig said .
ASKING FOR HELP
Food assistance groups said as Congress debates economic recovery measures , including bailouts for Wall Street and the auto industry , Congress and the White House also need to push forward a series of urgent hunger relief measures .
Feeding America said an immediate increase in food stamp benefits is needed , along with an increase of $ 150 million to buy , store and distribute U.S. commodities to feed the hungry .
The group has also asked for $ 15 million for an already approved but not funded program to deliver food to rural poor .
“ Seventy - two percent of our food banks reported they are unable to adequately meet the needs of their clients , ” Daly said .
“ It is really becoming more and more difficult every day . ”
Catholic Charities USA , which said it cannot keep food pantry shelves stocked due to higher demand , is meeting with President - elect Barack Obama ’s transition team asking for emergency federal aid to nonprofits like food banks and homeless shelters to help feed and shelter the needy .
Catholic Charities said that in Arlington , Virginia , just outside Washington , the charity has seen an increase of more than 400 percent in requests for emergency food assistance .
“ Addressing this crisis ... must be the first priority of the incoming Congress and the new administration , ” said Father Larry Snyder , President of Catholic Charities USA .
Colmes to Coulter : ' You are a hate crime '
David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday December 16 , 2008
Print This Email This
Right - wing pundit Ann Coulter suggested on Monday that she expects an apology from everyone who complained that her harping on President Obama 's middle name , Hussein , was a hate crime .
However , Fox 's token liberal , Alan Colmes refused to oblige her .
Coulter began by telling Colmes , " Lo these many months , when you were accusing me of committing a hate crime ... [ the truth about ] our president - elect 's middle name is that he likes it . "
She was referring to Obama 's recent announcement that he will use his full name when sworn in as president , Barack Hussein Obama .
Since at least June of 2007 , Coulter has been calling the then - candidate as " B. Hussein Obama , " a practice which she still continues .
When Fox host Neil Cavuto asked her in February , " Why do you keep saying the ' B. Hussein Obama ' ? "
Coulter replied , " Well , that 's his name .
...
He 's probably going to be our next president , President Hussein . "
" Not only do you owe me an apology , " Coulter insisted to Colmes , " but Michelle Obama owes me an apology for calling it was a ' fear - bomb ' we were dropping by calling him Hussein . "
" I would like my apology now , " she smirked , folding her arms and tossing her head pertly .
" I 'm ready . "
" Not an apology , " responded Colmes sternly .
" He is following tradition in terms of how a president is sworn in .
You purposely underscored his middle name , diminishing his first name , to point out that he had the name of a terrorist ! "
Coulter , who had previously noted that Obama " also said that this was to ' reboot ' our relations with the Muslim world , " insisted in response , " It can not simultaneously be a hate crime to use a man 's middle name and ... for him to say ' this is going to change our relations with the Muslim world . ' "
" Ann , " Colmes finally said in frustration , " I think you are a hate crime . "
" Thank you , " Coulter replied smugly .
Latest News : Shocker : Necon says 4,000 Americans ' had to die ' in Iraq
This video is from Fox 's Hannity & Colmes , broadcast Dec. 15 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Latest News : Shocker : Necon says 4,000 Americans ' had to die ' in Iraq
Krohn & Moss Ltd. Consumer Law Center ( K&M CLC ) attorneys stop debt collection harassment .
Our legal team can protect you against abusive collection practises , stop unwanted phone calls , and get you compensated up to $ 1,000 per instance .
or send your details for quick
For FREE legal help , call us at 1-800-875-3666
The FDCPA requires debt collectors to announce who they are ( name , business , and contact telephone number , state that the communication is an attempt to collect a debt
The FDCPA also prohibits debt collectors from sending e-mails , faxes , text messages , pages , or other similar messages
If a debt collector violates the FDCPA , you have legal remedies available to you
The Fair Debt Collections Practices Act ( FDCPA ) gives you the right to fight back against debt collector harassment .
We know the tactics that third - party debt collectors will try to use against you , and we have the experience necessary to stop debt collection attempts by unfair debt collectors
Our experienced attorneys have an intimate understanding of the various federal and state laws which protect you from deceptive and unfair debt collectors
We have handled over 50,000 consumer protection actions with great success
Called your before 8 A.M. or after 9 P.M. without your permission ;
Threatened you in any way to collect the debt ;
Called on a repeated and continuous basis ;
Used profane or obscene language with you ;
Told a third party of your debt , such as leaving a message with a friend or family member ;
Contacted you at work after you have told them not to ;
Threatened violence ;
Left voicemails without telling you the individual ’s name , the company , and that any information you provide is being used for debt collection purposes ;
Contacted you after you told the debt collector to stop contacting you in writing ;
Used false information to collect the debt ;
Misrepresented the character of the debt , such as exaggerating how much it is or the legal status of the debt ;
Accused your of committing a crime ; and
Refused to tell you his or her name on the telephone or what company they are associated with .
Fujitsu yesterday announced two new 500 GB 2.5 ″ hard disk drives , the MJA2BH and the MJA2CH , which feature the industry ’s best energy - efficiency levels .
This is impressive enough , but buried in Fujitsu ’s Press Release is a far more interesting feature … the ability of the latter drive to completely erase its entire 500 GB capacity in under one second .
This would be a great HDD for anyone worried about the cops coming ’round , seizing their computer and searching the contents of their hard drive .
With a one second erase , you would n’t have to stall them long .
You ’d probably even have time if they entered with a battering ram…unless , of course , your computer ’s off and you need to start up first .
Another good argument in favor of instant - on computers .
The MJA2CH also claims a world first title .
It is the first 500 GB HDD with AES 256 - bit encryption , plus it encodes your data as it ’s recorded , which should greatly speed up the encryption process .
It uses a tiny 1.4W when recording data , which is the industry ’s best – tied with the Hitachi E5K500 .
B also announced yesterday .
Tough competition .
Both Fujitsu disks further reduce their use of hazardous substances too and claim to be halogen - free .
The impressive MJA2CH will be available in Q1 of 2009 , while the energy - efficient , but less - secure MJA2BH will start shipping from the end of December this year .
Sources :
Fujitsu Press Release via SlipperyBrick
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Economists expect an already deep recession to get even worse in 2009 , according to a survey released Monday .
Companies will lay off more workers and hoard more cash during the next 12 months , according to the National Association for Business Economics survey , a quarterly take from a panel of economists at private - sector companies in various industries .
A vast majority of the 105 economists polled believe the country 's gross domestic product will continue to sink in 2009 .
If business conditions indeed worsen during the year , they will be sinking from already historic lows .
The survey 's measures of consumer demand , profit margins and capital expenditures all hit their lowest - ever levels in January 's edition of the 27 - year old survey .
" NABE 's January 2009 Industry Survey depicts the worst business conditions since the survey began in 1982 , confirming that the U.S. recession deepened in the fourth quarter of 2008 , " said Sara Johnson , a NABE economist .
Nearly half - 47 % - of surveyed economists said overall industry demand was falling , compared with 35 % who said so in the October survey .
Just 10 % of respondents said profit margins were rising , compared with 52 % who believe they are falling .
And 38 % of economists said capital expenses are falling , up from just 15 % in October .
Credit conditions hurt businesses , according to the economists , as customers had less leverage to buy discretionary products .
78 % of respondents said tightening credit conditions affected customers , and 52 % said the credit crunch directly hurt businesses in their industries .
Pessimistic outlook on weak environment
With business conditions souring , the outlook for jobs has grown increasingly negative .
39 % of economists believe their industries will lay off employees in the next six months , compared with 32 % in October .
The forecast was particularly poor for the goods - producing sector , in which 69 % of economists saw layoffs in the future , and no one believed the industry would be adding jobs .
Service - sector economists were the most optimistic , with only 9 % seeing layoffs and 29 % saying their industry would be hiring in the next six months .
Companies will likely curtail spending in the coming months as well , according to the survey .
44 % of the economists believed capital spending in their industries would fall off in the coming year , compared with just 16 % who believed their businesses would increase spending .
Rising unemployment , tightening credit conditions and a difficult lending environment led economists to give a more pessimistic outlook on growth for 2009 .
Just 22 % believed the U.S. economy would expand this year , down from 62 % who thought so in October .
Although 26 % now believe the economy will shrink less than 1 % this year , 52 % now think the economy will shrink by more than 1 % , which no one predicted in October .
Converting forests or fields to biofuel crops can increase or decrease greenhouse gas emissions , depending on where - and which - biofuel crops are used , University of Illinois researchers report this month .
The researchers analyzed data from dozens of studies to determine how planting new biofuel crops can influence the carbon content of the soil .
Their findings will appear next month in the journal Global Change Biology Bioenergy .
Plants use the sun 's energy to convert carbon dioxide from the atmosphere into the organic carbon that makes up leaves , stems and other plant parts .
As plants decay , this carbon goes into the soil .
Organic carbon is an important component of soil health and also influences atmospheric carbon dioxide levels .
Whenever the soil is disturbed , as occurs when land is plowed or cleared of vegetation , some of this carbon returns to the atmosphere in the form of carbon dioxide .
" From the time that John Deere invented the steel plow , which made it possible to break the prairie sod and begin farming this part of the world , the application of row crop agriculture to the Midwest has caused a reduction of soil carbon of about 50 percent , " said Evan DeLucia , a professor of plant biology at Illinois and corresponding author on the new study .
Any debate on the environmental consequences of using plants to produce liquid fuels should also consider how each option affects soil carbon , DeLucia said .
" The biggest terrestrial pool of carbon is in the soil .
The top meter of soil holds more than three times the amount of carbon stored in either vegetation or the atmosphere , so if you do little things to change the amount of carbon in the soil it has a huge impact on the atmosphere and thus global warming . "
Unlike corn , which must be replanted every year , perennial grasses such as switchgrass and Miscanthus preserve and increase carbon stores in the soil .
These and other grasses have been proposed as high - energy alternative feedstocks for biofuel production .
Currently , ethanol is produced by fermenting the starch in corn kernels , but significantly more liquid fuel energy can be harvested from the stems and leaves of plants .
The technology for producing this " cellulosic " ethanol is still quite expensive , but many believe that it will displace corn ethanol as the technology advances .
About 20 percent of the corn crop currently goes into ethanol production in the U.S. , DeLucia said , " so we began with the hypothesis that it might be good for soil carbon to put a perennial biofuel crop on the landscape instead of corn . "
The researchers analyzed published estimates of changes in soil organic carbon in landscapes converted from natural or agricultural land to biofuel crops .
They focused on corn , sugar cane , Miscanthus , switchgrass and native prairie grasses .
They also evaluated the impact of harvesting and using corn stover ( the plant debris left over after corn is harvested ) as a cellulosic biofuel source .
Their analysis showed that converting native land ( grassland or forest ) to sugarcane dramatically reduced soil carbon , creating a carbon deficit that would take decades to repay .
While perennial grasses add carbon to the soil each year , DeLucia said , it could take up to a century for the sugar cane to rebuild soil carbon to former levels on native land .
Harvesting the corn residue for cellulosic ethanol production also reduced the carbon in the soil .
The more plant residue was removed , the more the soil carbon declined .
Planting perennial grasses on existing agricultural lands had the most beneficial effect on soil carbon , the researchers found .
Although there was an initial drop in carbon as fields were converted from corn to Miscanthus , switchgrass or native perennial grasses , the loss was fairly quickly offset by yearly gains in soil carbon as the grasses became established .
" Consistent with our hypothesis , the perennial feedstocks like Miscanthus and switchgrass start building soil carbon very , very early on , " DeLucia said .
" From a purely carbon perspective , our research indicates that putting perennial biofuel crops on landscapes that are dominated by annual row crops will have a positive effect on soil carbon . "
The finding " seems to walk you right into the food for fuel debate , " DeLucia said , referring to the controversy over using agricultural land for fuel production .
But because the U.S. is already devoting about 20 percent of its corn crop to ethanol production , he said , it would make sense to eventually use that land to produce a much higher yielding biofuel feedstock that has the added benefit of increasing organic carbon in the soil .
###
DeLucia and his colleagues will present their findings this month at the 2008 Fall Meeting of the American Geophysical Union .
Evan DeLucia is also an affiliate of the Institute for Genomic Biology and the Energy Biosciences Institute at the University of Illinois .
Editor 's note : To reach Evan DeLucia , call 217-333-6177 ; e-mail : delucia@life.illinois.edu .
Belkin's alleged , and now confirmed , payola scheme may have been one of the first times we 've heard about their shady practices , but an employee of Belkin says it 's actually very common .
Advertisement
To summarize the note , Belkin 's supposedly paid for positive reviews , gave products with custom firmware to reviewers in order to hide bugs , faked certification logos , wrote poor reviews of competitor 's products and backed out of CES for lack of funding .
The company 's supposedly in such bad shape that it's " commonly accepted that current CEO Mark Reynoso is running everything into the ground , while increasing his salary year after year . "
The worst bit , for consumers , is that " the majority of Belkin employees purchased competitors products for home use , even with ours being offered free , as they are of such poor quality . "
On the other hand , we 've had fairly decent experiences with Belkin products , so it 's not as if EVERYTHING they release is bad ( assuming this is true ) .
And of course , the majority of Belkin employees are n't a part of this scheme , and this is n't an official written policy , but it 's more of a thing that 's forced upon them by management and their particular corporate culture .
Advertisement
Full text follows .
Thanks tipster !
While never mentioned in an " official " policy , for years it has been pressed upon ALL Belkin employees to do whatever is needed to get good product reviews and good press .
Everything from sending blog writers a device with custom firmware that hides known bugs yet claiming it to be official release firmware , faking hardware logo certifications ( specifically Apple and MSFT ) , releasing blatantly inaccurate data from test results making our devices look superior to others , to placing " tailored " reviews of our products into places visible to consumers ( as reported Amazon , etc ) , as well as writing poor reviews of competitors products .
In the past there have even monthly awards given to Business Units who achieved the most positive reviews , regardless as to the products rate of customer returns .
The concept being that even if a consumer has been mislead by a review or data on the box , the chance that they will return the product is very little .
Infact , our products are such junk , when an internal survey was done , it was found that the majority of Belkin employees purchased competitors products for home use , even with ours being offered free , as they are of such poor quality .
We have paid magazines for positive reviews , made custom devices or fixtures for use at trade shows to ensure quality demos .
One such example would be a fixture that runs hidden cable to a TV or audio receiver , yet claiming the broadcast is coming from a wireless transmitter , or through a USB hub .
This has been going on for years .
Over the past several years office moral has been dwindling , as it seems to be a common feeling that the company is clearly in a death spiral .
In the past month over 10 % of the workforce has been laid off ( including all QC ) as profits have dropped significantly .
Further more , the company has been trying to activly back out of paying for the brand new HQ being built in L.A. , however they are unable to do so , stretching the companies limited cash even further .
Recently , the purchasing of pens , paper clips and post it notes was halted in order to save money .
In fact , the company has lost so much money , it was announced in November that a booth at CES 09 would be economically impossible .
Two of the three co-founders of the company quit over the poor direction Belkin as taken , over 70 % of the employees in certain business units have quit .
It is commonly accepted that current CEO Mark Reynoso is running everything into the ground , while increasing his salary year after year .
This only scratches the surface of the shady tactics and slimy methods Belkin uses .
One thing I will say is that this is not the fault of the employees .
The average employee makes a very honest attempt at releasing high quality products , however , upper management generally pushes employees so hard to release more products at a faster rate , with a lower production cost , that it is impossible to produce a quality product .
It is very common upper management to force a product to be released even though major concerns about the product are well known .
There is only one organization in the world with the power to destroy the American economy .
Throughout 2008 , it has waged a terrible war that has severely damaged -- likely beyond quick repair -- the very foundations of that economy .
If left unchecked , the pain we 're feeling now will seem minor in comparison to the devastation yet to come .
And no , this brazen cabal is n't based in radical shrines in the Middle East or the mountainous border of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
Its headquarters is a hundred square mile plot of swampland between Virginia and Maryland .
Regardless of the intent of the U.S. government 's economic interventions , the consequences of all that help are shaping up at minimum to rival the Great Depression in depth and scale .
The ultimate cost may be far larger : the complete loss of our country .
You 're being killed with kindness
The weapons of economic destruction have been forced marriages through bailouts , coerced investments in banks , and cash infusions into utter failures .
Every time the government steps in , it crowds out private capital , distorts the signaling value of prices , and impedes the market 's ability to cleanse itself by sweeping away its failures .
Rather than helping the economy and markets recover , all this " help " is prolonging the agony .
Oh sure -- the stock market has shown some signs of life recently , and interbank lending rates have come back down from their peaks .
Yet with over $ 8.5 trillion " invested " in this nonsense , the real question is why do things still feel so lousy ?
After all , unemployment keeps rising , Thanksgiving travel was down , and online sales are slipping .
Economic homicide 101
What 's happening is an object lesson in the most powerful financial law known to humanity – the Law of Unintended Consequences .
In virtually every aspect of the economy that the Fed bails out , its help brings toxic consequences that end up making things worse .
Here are just a few examples :
Free money : The Federal Reserve keeps handing out limitless cash at rates below what any lender without a printing press would charge .
As a result , private capital is getting squeezed out of the market -- leading to ever more Federal interventions and further weakening of the private lending market .
The consequence of this destructive policy is that even cash flow positive companies like General Growth Properties ( NYSE : GGP ) can't easily roll - over existing debts .
The longer this keeps up , the more healthy companies will be forced into bankruptcy due to the government 's " help . "
Free houses :
It started with IndyMac , and now it has moved on to Freddie Mac ( NYSE : FRE ) and Fannie Mae ( NYSE : FNM ) .
As the government seizes control of mortgage firms , it stops foreclosures .
As kindhearted as that may sound , it 's doing little more than telling everyone who 's struggling but able to make their mortgage payments that it 's OK to stop paying .
That , of course , leads to higher delinquency rates and an even larger reluctance among banks to loan money to prospective home buyers , no matter how creditworthy .
As this Fool pointed out a year ago , the housing market cannot recover if lenders lose their ability to foreclose .
Thanks to all this " help , " the housing market is still getting worse .
It 's so bad now that even homebuilders like Toll Brothers ( NYSE : TOL ) and Pulte Homes ( NYSE : PHM ) are begging for their own bailout .
State of permanent failure : Perhaps the best vision of the long - term consequences of these bailouts comes from looking at the state of America 's automakers .
Lobbying for a bailout that is now up to $ 34 billion , automakers General Motors ( NYSE:GM ) , Ford ( NYSE : F ) , and Chrysler are lunging for the trough .
In truth , their problems date back decades and are largely due to issues they caused themselves .
Yet this is n't the first round of bailouts for the industry .
Lee Iacocca went hat - in - hand to Congress in the late 1970s to beg for loan guarantees cash to keep Chrysler afloat .
Yet rather than learning the painful lessons and making the permanent fixes they needed for their long term survival , the auto industry learned how much cash it could access by begging .
As a result , the entire industry 's problems deepened to the point where it's on the verge of collapse , in spite of very healthy foreign rivals .
Is it over ?
The French historian Alexis de Tocqueville once warned that " The American Republic will endure until the day Congress discovers that it can bribe the public with the public 's money . "
Unless sanity returns to Washington soon , the multi-trillion dollar handouts of 2008 may well go down in history as the precipitating factor that led to our country 's collapse .
What a pity -- and how easily it would have been prevented just by letting failures fail and the market cleanse itself when it had the chance .
Macaulay Culkin's Sister Dakota Culkin Killed
sister of actorwas struck by a car at 11:00 p.m.
Tuesday on the west side of Los Angeles and has died of massive head trauma .
According to LAPD spokesman Richard French , Dakota was walking and stepped off the curb and was then struck by a passing car .
The 29 year old was rushed to UCLA Medical Center where she later died from the injuries she sustained .
French said , " The driver stopped , rendered aid and identified himself as required by law .
Detectives determined that the driver was not under the influence of drugs or alcohol and that no crime was committed .
Our thoughts and prayers go out to Dakota 's family and friends .
Photo of Macaulay and his sisters and brothers below .
They include boys Rory , Macaulay , Christian , Kieran , Shane and sisters Dakota and Quinn .
Dakota , a year older than Macaulay , is pictured to his left in this undated photo .
Photo : WENN
Deathstar.com
Ok , so after a little hiatus , I am back .
It is probably in my best interests to put something on this page since I just got a mysterious phone call from a deceptively dim- sounding individual calling from the 310 area code , which maps to Catalina Island and the Malibu area of California .
I absolutely refuse to believe that anyone located in that spec of the planet would be unaware of the fact that Lucas Film owns the trademark on the Deathstar .
So for the completeness of your records , yes , I am fully aware that LucasLegal or Lucas Film or whatever does in fact own the trademark to " Deathstar " .
However , that does not mean that they automatically get the domain " deathstar.com " .
If I set up a site that confuses their brand or tries to make a buck off of the years of hard work that LucasEntity has done establishing the concept of a Deathstar in our collective sci- fi loving brains , then of course , by all means they are entitled to wrest this little domain name from my disappoitned little hands .
That said , it also needs to be stated that I DO NOT , HAVE NOT and WILL NOT offer or provide ANY kind of commercial or otherwise money - making service in relation to this domain name .
" What do I use it for " you ask ?
Personal sh*ts and giggles .
I am a geek .
I love Star Wars .
And however I may feel about subsequent installments of the franchise , there is always a place in my heart for white plastic uniforms that would give Freud a field day , and the phrase " That 's no moon !
It 's a space station ! " .
" Yes , but what do I * USE * it for " you insist on asking ?
I use it for tuning my anti-spam filters .
This domain generates incredibly HUGE quantities of email .
It would seem that everyone uses " vader at deathstar.com " as a product registration address .
Or they want to test the functioning of their email sending program .
There is an adult - content portal software package that used deathstar.com URLs during their development phase and did n't remove all occurrences of that address before going into production .
My web referer logs were a fun read for a bit ...
If you are wanting a piece of the " deathstar.com " action , too late .
I registered this domain in July 1995 and I do n't intend to get rid of it any time soon .
I have been contacted by LucasLegal in the past , although that was around ten years ago .
The tinfoil hat wearing paranoiac in me thinks the phone call that has prompted the page you are reading was an initial " discovery salvo " by some junior lawyer or some other equally low - ranking cube - dweller .
Stay tuned for how this unfolds .
-- Jason , 20080820
Toronto – September 29 , 2020 – The deadline for the 2020 UFCW Canada – BDM Scholarship is rapidly approaching .
Do n’t miss your chance to win one of 18 scholarships worth $ 1,000 each awarded annually to active UFCW Canada members or their dependants for post - secondary study .
Toronto – September 28 , 2020 – Over the last 150 years , women in Canada have made notable strides towards gender equality in our workplaces and communities , and each year activists across the country honour Women ’s History Month to celebrate those gains .
Read more ...
Organizations of all sizes are realizing the importance of online marketing , especially through search engines .
Nowadays , people are more likely to end up on your website via a search engine than going directly to it .
In fact , according to Jupiter Research , a Forrester Research company , 81 % of users find their desired destination thr ough a search engine .
This research makes it clear that it 's very important for your brand to have a strong presence in the search engines , ensuring that you 're in front of your target audience .
However , there 's still a big decision to make - whether to use SEO ( Search Engine Optimization , or naturally ranking high in the organic results ) or PPC ( Pay - Per - Click ads , the Sponsored Links and purchased ads on a Google search ) to get in front of your target ?
Done correctly , both can get you on the front page of the search engines for targeted terms and in front of your desired audience .
However , each has its respective benefits and costs .
SEOmoz , a great SEO resource , recently published an article by the team at Enquisite quantifying the effectiveness of SEO vs. PPC .
The article details that organic results are 8.5 x more likely to be clicked on than paid search results !
That 's a large disparity and is likely attributed to searchers gradually learning the difference between organic and sponsored results , and recognizing that organic results are typically the more respected resource .
Also , researchers have used heat maps to show that searchers ' eyes focus on the top organic results , with people barely noticing the ads to the right .
However , PPC holds a slight edge in conversion rates , as paid search results are 1.5 x more likely to convert click thrus from the search engine .
The SEOmoz article attributes , to the fact that the paid search result 's " text and landing page is custom optimized by the advertiser . "
So , looking at both of these numbers , it can be concluded that " the opportunity from organic search is 5.66 x that of paid search . "
So , given the flat out choice of ranking high organically or having great PPC ads - the overwhelmingly logical choice is organic .
However , we all know it 's not that easy or else those " Rank # 1 in Google TOMORROW " robo calls would be much more effective .
True SEO takes time , not get rich quick schemes .
PPC 's true strengths are its speed and expansiveness .
With a PPC campaign , you can be on the first page for a multitude of targeted terms within a day .
However , the terms can cost anywhere from pennies to many dollars per click ; also , for a PPC campaign to be done correctly , it 's usually best to hire a firm that can manage it full time .
This can mean that PPC campaigns can get very expensive , very quickly - especially when done correctly .
SEMPO , the Search Engine Marketing Professionals Organization , estimates that 87 % of search engine dollars are spent on PPC vs. 11 % spent on SEO efforts .
That 's more than $ 10 billion spent on PPC vs. just $ 1 billion spent on SEO .
That means the strategy that 's over 5 x more effective , SEO , is only receiving 1/8 the media spend in the market !
It 's hard to justify the expense of a PPC campaign , knowing that SEO is more successful and the overall better longterm value .
Do n't get me wrong , there are certainly times to use PPC - when you 're first launching your company , it 's a great way to get your name out there and build brand awareness .
For a limited time offer or special event , PPC is an effective way to get exposure that SEO would n't have time to contribute to .
Also , PPC is more effective for products than it is for service companies ; for example , we focus SEO efforts on terms such as Raleigh web design and Content Management Software ; however , we do not engage in PPC advertising for these terms , because they 're usually a waste of money for a services firm like ours .
Yet we have an electronic payments client that runs a PPC campaign focused around its specific product offerings , and this strategy makes sense for their market .
However , when it comes to the long term lifeline of your internet marketing , the result is clear - SEO offers the better value in search marketing .
You wo n't rank # 1 overnight , but SEO is more affordable and the longterm benefits have been proven .
All of these facts demonstrate that your company should spend more of its time and resources focusing on SEO vs. PPC .
What are other people 's experiences in this realm ?
Anyone think that PPC is the more value - driven choice than SEO ?
Let us know your thoughts !
“ He wants this very badly , ” Mr. Graham said .
Mr. McCain ’s days now begin earlier than they used to , around 6 a.m. , for morning interviews that he races through in 5 - and 10 - minute bites .
Afterward the drill is the same as it has been from the start .
He and his aides assemble with coffee in his hotel suite , go over the plan for the day , check out the newspapers and , lately , pore over the campaign ’s overnight polls .
Mr. McCain tracks every move , particularly anything from his own pollster , Bill McInturff .
He avidly listens to campaign aides who say that if the unexcitable Mr. McInturff says he is gaining , it must be so .
“ We do not have a happy - numbers pollster , ” Mr. Salter said .
“ We ’ve got Mr. Buzz Killer . ”
By the middle of the day , Mr. McCain likes to have news of the latest tracking polls .
“ We all kind of know when Rasmussen comes out , and Zogby , ” Ms. Wallace said .
“ So we all watch for it . ”
Mr. McCain , in the meantime , is on the phone a half - dozen times each with his campaign manager , Rick Davis , and his top strategist , Steve Schmidt , wanting to know everything they are doing and anything they have heard .
“ He is an information sponge , ” Mr. Salter said .
His low point , his aides say , was the suspension of his campaign in September to make his way to Washington to help negotiate a $ 700 billion bailout of Wall Street , only to have the House Republicans blow the deal up in his face .
His slight edge in the polls evaporated , and he was described by friends as mad at himself , his campaign and the world .
Two and a half weeks later he was devastated , aides said , when Representative John Lewis , a Georgia Democrat and civil rights leader , invoked the segregationist George Wallace to rebuke Mr. McCain for tolerating insults and threats hurled at Mr. Obama at his rallies .
Mr. McCain took the edge off some of his rhetoric and has in the last few days loosened up in his speeches , although he still lustily attacks Mr. Obama as the tax - and - spend “ redistributionist in chief ” who can not be trusted to lead the nation in crisis .
Report : Bush masked cost of wars that could top $ 1.7 trillion Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday December 16 , 2008
Print This Email This Even if Barack Obama draws down troops in Iraq like he 's promised , a new report finds the US is on pace to have spent nearly $ 2 trillion on military operations including Iraq and Afghanistan over the next decade .
The nonpartisan Center for Strategic and Budgetary Assessments found that the $ 687 billion spent so far on Iraq has cost the US more than every conflict aside from World War II .
With the $ 184 billion in Afghanistan , the two main conflicts of the war on terror have proved to be 50 percent more expensive than Vietnam .
An author of the report said President Bush 's decision to circumvent the traditional budget process is to blame for the exceedingly high costs .
The reliance on supplemental funding creates a misleading picture of overall requirements , said Steven Kosiak , vice president of budget studies at CSBA and author of the report , during a briefing on Monday .
" A sound budgeting process forces policymakers to recognize the true costs of their policy choices , " he said .
The CSBA 's assessment comes in below some of the highest estimates for the wars ' costs .
Nobel laureate Joseph Stiglitz and Harvard economist Laura Bilmes estimated Iraq alone would cost $ 3 trillion when factoring costs beyond the battlefield , such as veterans health benefits and disability pay .
Reuters detailed the CSBA report on Tuesday .
The latest report blamed President Bush for keeping the costs so high through his practice of funding the wars via " emergency " supplemental budget requests , which fall outside the bounds of the normal budgetary process .
Such requests , CSBA found , virtually eliminate Congressional oversight and hurt the Pentagon 's ability to plan for the long term .
That Bush insisted on delivering massive tax cuts to the wealthiest Americans during wartime also drove up the long - term price tag , according to the report .
Wartime costs are expected to balloon by an additional $ 416 billion to $ 817 billion by 2018 , according to the report , even if troop deployments fall below 75,000 .
Currently , 143,000 US troops are deployed to Iraq and another 31,000 are in Afghanistan .
President - elect Obama has promised to begin withdrawing combat troops from Iraq , but he plans to increase deployments to Afghanistan .
An agreement with the Iraqi government signed recently would see all US troops gone from that country by 2011 .
With Reuters .
By Paul Rincon
Science Reporter , BBC News
Venus Express has been studying our near neighbour since 2006
One of the many mysteries of Earth 's nearest planetary neighbour Venus has been cracked , Nature journal reports .
Scientists have long puzzled over conspicuous patches in the Venusian clouds that appear dark at ultraviolet ( UV ) light wavelengths .
They now think these are solid particles or liquid droplets that get transported from deep in the atmosphere up to the planet 's cloud tops .
But a riddle remains : scientists still do n't know what they are made up of .
The features are distributed within the thick clouds of sulphuric acid and sulphur dioxide that shroud the hothouse planet .
" These ( UV features ) have been observed since 1929 .
We see them in images from the Pioneer Venus probe and in ground - based observations , " said Dr Dmitri Titov , from the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research in Germany .
It had previously been unclear whether these were caused by differences in the height of the cloud tops , temperature differences or variation in composition of the clouds .
Darkness and light Data from the European Space Agency ( Esa ) spacecraft show that areas near Venus ' equator which appear dark in ultraviolet light are regions of relatively high temperature .
The scientists think this is where intense convection brings up the mysterious dark material from below .
Bright regions at Venus ' mid-latitudes are areas where the temperature in the atmosphere decreases with depth , which prevents air from rising .
The effect is most extreme in a wide belt around the poles , which has been dubbed the " cold collar " .
At low and mid-latitudes , the cloud top is located at a constant altitude of about 72 km in both the dark and light regions , which suggests the light and dark patches do not result from changes in elevation .
Venus ' clouds have markings that are light and dark in the ultraviolet range Instead , the most likely cause is the uneven distribution of a mysterious chemical in the atmosphere that absorbs ultraviolet light , creating bright and dark zones .
Although the exact chemical species that creates the high - contrast zones remains elusive , a complex compound of sulphur is now a favourite .
But a full answer may have to wait for a subsequent Venus mission .
" It seems that Venus Express will not completely solve this , " Dr Titov told BBC News .
" This species is very strange because it does n't have particular features - just very broad ones .
So we can't say exactly what it is made of .
It 's probably some kind of chemical hidden inside cloud droplets . "
He added : " We need to send balloons ( to Venus ) .
The balloons will be ideal because they will be flying in this region .
And if we have a chemical laboratory ... on board the balloon we will really understand what this is . "
Sun block Balloons were deployed in the Venusian atmosphere during the Soviet - French Vega 1 mission in 1985 .
And both the US and Europe have carried out technical studies on a next - generation Venus mission which could feature a balloon or lander .
Some researchers have even speculated whether Venusian microbes could survive high in the planet 's atmosphere , where the temperature and pressure are quite Earth - like .
Here , they say , the ultraviolet - absorbing chemical could act as an " umbrella " to shield life forms from the destructive UV rays coming from the Sun .
Further down , conditions are quite different .
The planet 's surface is heated to an average temperature of 467C ( 872 F ) - hot enough to melt lead .
And the dense atmosphere generates a surface pressure 90 times greater than that on Earth .
Another key question for the mission is whether Venus is still volcanically active .
Venus Express has found a highly variable quantity of the volcanic gas sulphur dioxide in the atmosphere .
Some observers think this could be to do with recent volcanic activity on the surface .
But others say the lack of rain on Venus to scrub the atmosphere clean of sulphur dioxide means Venus Express could be detecting events that happened millions of years ago .
" We 're not ready to say definitively one way or another on the basis of this evidence before we analyse all the data , " said Fred Taylor , Venus Express interdisciplinary scientist at the University of Oxford .
He told the Oxford Science Blog : " However , there 's plenty of indirect evidence for volcanic activity on Venus so , in my opinion , it 's about how much activity is going on and the role it plays in the planet 's climate .
I think it 's probably just a matter of time before we ' see ' a volcano erupting . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
2020 Indianapolis Expo , September 18-20
Click for more information
I meet a lot of different people .
Some of them are fans , and they offer me high praise .
Some of them are definitely not fans , and they offer me insults .
Some of them share common interests with me , and they support me in those interests .
Many of them are brothers and sisters in Christ , and they offer me love .
I am sure that the vast majority of those brothers and sisters are sincere in their offer , but every once in a while , I meet a brother or sister who actually demonstrates the love of Christ to me .
One of those sisters was Ellen Irene Parran .
While she is now gone from this world , it will continue to be a better place because of her effect on it .
Read more .
Father of the Modern Creation Movement : Dr. John C. Whitcomb
A greatly beloved soldier of the Lord departed February 5 , 2020 .
The Creation Evidence Expo was blessed to have as one of its first Presenters , Dr. John C. Whitcomb who published The Genesis Flood with Dr. Henry Morris in 1962 .
From 2006 to 2016 , Dr. Whitcomb attended CEE events speaking at the annual Indianapolis event and for several Expo Conferences and Expos on the Road throughout Indiana .
We will cherish his memory and honor his family including his dear wife , Norma , who accompanied him at nearly all of his speaking engagements .
Read this Obituary for the facts of this great man ’s life .
Read more .
Missionary for CEE Pastor Rick Olivera Newly Appointed Assistant Executive Director !
David Litty
You are invited to the 13th Creation Evidence Expo which consists of five days of presentations from world - class scientists , theologians and speakers who will provide scientific evidence supporting the conclusion that the God of the Holy Bible created all things .
CEE is an informative and educational platform for science to speak truthfully .
CEE believes that no one should assume that the theory of evolution is fact , and that every individual should weigh the evidence with accuracy and prudence .
**THIS CONFERENCE IS FREE TO ALL and we also have events for children ages 7 and up **
CEE and Youth Program Registration
“ Evening with the Stars ” Banquet
Due to COVID restrictions , the banquet is cancelled this year .
BUT , come to the Expo !
September 18 - 20 at 5901 Lafayette Road , Indianapolis , IN 46254 .
Click for schedule .
Youth Programs : Separate age appropriate programs and activities for children ages 7 - 13 years old are available .
Academic Credit available for all K - 12 school - age participants .
Please inform us at the welcome table if you need documentation to take back to your school .
On Dec. 31 this year , your day will be just a second longer .
Like the more well - known time adjustment , the leap year , a " leap second " is tacked on to clocks every so often to keep them correct .
Earth 's trip around the sun — our year with all its seasons — is about 365.2422 days long , which we round to 365 to keep things simpler .
But every four years , we add 0.2422 x 4 days ( that 's about one day ) at the end of the month of February ( extending it from 28 to 29 days ) to fix the calendar .
Likewise , a " leap second " is added on to our clocks every so often to keep them in synch with the somewhat unpredictable nature of our planet 's rotation , the roughly 24 - hour whirl that brings the sun into the sky each morning .
Historically , time was based on the mean rotation of the Earth relative to celestial bodies and the second was defined from this frame of reference .
But the invention of atomic clocks brought about a definition of a second that is independent of the Earth 's rotation and based on a regular signal emitted by electrons changing energy state within an atom .
In 1970 , an international agreement established two timescales : one based on the rotation of the Earth and one based on atomic time .
The problem is that the Earth is very gradually slowing down , continually throwing the two timescales out of synch , so every so often , a " leap second " has to be tacked on to the atomic clock .
The International Earth Rotation and Reference Systems Service is the organization that monitors the difference in the two timescales and calls for leap seconds to be inserted or removed when necessary .
Since 1972 , leap seconds have been added at intervals varying from six months to seven years — the most recent was inserted on Dec. 31 , 2005 .
In the United States , the U.S. Naval Observatory and the National Institute of Standards and Technology keep time for the country .
The Naval Observatory keeps the Department of Defense 's Master Clock , an atomic clock located in Washington , D.C .
The new extra second will be added on the last day of this year at 23 hours , 59 minutes and 59 seconds Coordinated Universal Time — 6:59:59 pm Eastern Standard Time .
Mechanisms such as the Internet - based Network Time Protocol and the satellite - based Global Positioning System ( GPS ) depend on the accurate time kept by atomic clocks .
Building and keeping muscle takes a lot of time and perseverance .
The quick schemes you often see online are just illusions that make people spend money .
To build muscle you must be willing to change your lifestyle .
Avoid eating processed food such as cheese burgers , fries , pizzas , and other deep fried and processed food .
Revert to eating raw food or food that requires little to no processing to get the most nutrients without diluting them with chemicals .
You can eat steamed fish or chicken , and fresh fruits and vegetables , or all sorts of nuts to get the nutrients you need .
Eating foods and doing exercises that boost testosterone will make you feel good , and make you look good too .
In my opinion , it is best to find a really great workout plan / diet and stick to it every day for a few months .
Do that , and you are pretty much guaranteed to lose weight , get shredded , boost your testosterone , and put on muscle mass all at the same time !
The program I ’d recommend following personally is a called SpecForce Alpha .
It ’s not just an exercise plan , it ’s like a blueprint for becoming an alpha male created by a SWAT team leader .
Using supplements also help you reach your fitness goals .
Supplements help you gain strength and keep the muscle mass you built through your workouts .
You can keep pushing your limits when you use supplements .
You will be able to go beyond what your body can do when you use supplements in tandem with your workout program .
Also , recovering is faster when you use supplements before and after each workout .
The right nutrition and supplements will help you build muscle and sustain it over a long period of time .
There is a supplement that has been getting a lot of attention called Spartagen XT , you can read up on that if you are looking for a natural herbal supplement .
Medical Disclaimer : Statements on this website have not been evaluated by the FDA .
Products mentioned are not intended to treat , diagnose , prevent or cure any disease .
Information on this website are for informational purposes only and are not intended as a substitute for advice from your physician or health care professional .
You should not use the information on this web site for diagnosis or treatment of any health problem .
Always consult with a healthcare professional before starting any new vitamins , supplements , diet , or exercise program , before taking any medication , or if you have or suspect you might have a health problem .
The Showdown continues .
In the Showdown , we pick a topic , argue both sides , and then present the results to you .
Today , Ben and Frank discuss whether or not Sony should force publishers to implement certain features like trophies and voice chat across all PS3 games .
Ben : I was a big fan of Hot Shots Golf on the PS3 , but did n't play much online .
What 's the point of playing golf with other people if you can't speak to them ?
Part of the fun of any online game is talking smack , giving props at a particularly good move , or just chatting at this or that .
I thought it was amazing that any modern game would ship without voice chat , and while there is now a patch that adds it to the game , it 's a shame it took this long .
Microsoft has the right idea : give strict rules about the online play of games published on their system .
They have to support voice chat .
Games have to have 1,000 achievement points .
The beauty of Xbox Live is how universal it is ; I feel like I 'm playing on a platform , not a collection of games where the publishers had to knock out a new way to do online play for every release .
Every online PS3 game feels different , because Sony offers no rules , no requirements .
I 'm all for freedom in gaming , but making Xbox Live a closed system and giving publishers a list of things they had to do was a great move for gamers .
Frank :
Sony clearly went a different route than Microsoft .
Sony offered gamers a free online experience and left it up to the developers to decide what to do .
They have little governance over the kinds of bonus content or even the online functionality of games that developers implement .
Rather the company opted for a bit of a free market mentality : let developers do what they want and it 'll all work itself out .
But what should n't be misconstrued from this is to think that Sony has done nothing similar to Microsoft .
Sony has been very good about implementing support for trophies , YouTube , and other various functionality into its SDK .
All of these tools are there for developers to use them , but no one is forced to implement features that would sap valuable resources away from making the core game better .
If developers want to add trophies , they are free to do so but it 's up to them .
It would be risky at this point to force impositions on the developers when they are are really beginning to know the PS3 and exploit its power .
Who knows how these restrictions could affect existing development cycles .
There would also be the issue of old games not being compatible .
While the standards result in a common experience across all games , the requirements that define the Xbox 360 online experience could very well wind up being constricting down the road .
Look at the Tru - Skill system : Tru -Skill has been and still is garbage and yet most developers implement this because it's there and it saves them the work of making a functional , sensible system .
Developers on the PS3 are free to expand and far exceed any sort of standard : look at Resistance 2 , which has a better party interface than any game on either console .
It 's just a matter of time before developers catch up on the PS3 ; forcing them to do so is unnecessary and could inhibit creativity .
Ben :
What I 'd like is if Sony took the system for Resistance 2 and make it work for all games .
And we can take Xbox Live out of it to make sure this is n't an Xbox vs. PS3 argument ; Steam does a wonderful job of tying games together online as well .
Playing Left 4
Dead and being able to jump in and out of games has been great , and Team Fortress 2 is a joy because of the built - in voice chat and the friend system .
The ability to send and accept invitations across games , to talk to players on every game , and to have an interface to keep it all together is a great thing .
My PC can do it ; my 360 can do it ; I wish the PS3 could do it .
You can make sure that online games have a basic level of functionality and still allow for creativity , and it 's annoying to buy a game on the PS3 and not know exactly what you 're getting with online play .
Some games have chat , others do n't .
Some games have trophies , others do n't .
It 's inconsistent and way more trouble than necessary .
Even if Sony made a rule that every game had to support voice chat I 'd be happier , and let 's hope the company is moving in that direction .
Frank :
To be fair , a lot of this functionality is coming to the PS3 in the form of the " love to hate it " service Home .
As much as some have protested and whined about having to boot up a separate interface , Home could very well surpass these standard systems in a way that is largely more intuitive and interactive .
Unfortunately ,
Home faces an upward battle because of the prejudices that some bring to the table .
People are unrealistically negative about Home in spite of the fact that jumping into the service is simple , inviting friends to your room is fundamentally no different than a standard text - and - icon interface ( you just use the in - service interface as you would the XMB ) , and jumping into a game from there is easy .
It 's unfortunate for Sony that this is the case , and I do n't think that 's going to change unless the company has some big surprises lying in wait towards the end of the year .
As it stands , the superior online service is on the Xbox 360 .
But Sony has always carved its own path , and jumping on the bandwagon with services like Steam and Xbox Live is n't necessarily the only solution or even the best one .
They 're different platforms that offer different types of online services .
Is there functionality on the Xbox 360 / Steam that PS3 gamers could benefit from ?
Absolutely .
Could standards across all games help to raise the bar ?
Possibly .
But I 'm excited to see how Home takes what we think is the standard for online community - based play and mixes it up .
What say you , readers ?
Should Sony move forward with requirements for publishers ?
Does every game need voice chat and trophies ?
( CNN ) --
Anyone who doubts Roland Burris ' qualifications to serve as the next senator from Illinois may want to head to Chicago 's Oak Woods Cemetery .
Roland Burris has erected a mausoleum listing his accompishments in Chicago 's Oak Woods Cemetery .
There , Burris , whom embattled Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich appointed to succeed President - elect Barack Obama in the Senate on Tuesday , has erected a granite mausoleum listing his many accomplishments .
Under the seal of the state of Illinois and the words " Trail Blazer , " Burris , 71 , has listed his many firsts in granite , including being the state 's first African - American attorney general and the state 's first African - American comptroller .
The memorial also notes that Burris was the first African - American exchange student to Hamburg University in Germany from Southern Illinois University in 1959 .
There appears to be enough room to add " U.S. senator " to the memorial , but Burris may never get a chance to serve in Washington .
A Senate Democratic aide told CNN on Wednesday that plans were in the works to prevent Burris from being seated in the Senate .
After Blagojevich made the surprise move to appoint Obama 's successor , Senate Democrats praised Burris but said they could not accept any appointment by Blagojevich after his arrest on corruption charges earlier this month .
Federal prosecutors say he conspired to " sell " Obama 's Senate seat for campaign donations and other favors .
All About Roland Burris • Rod Blagojevich • Barack Obama
Some aspects of yoga contain Hindu devotional mantras
The top Islamic body in Indonesia has issued a fatwa banning Muslims from practising some aspects of yoga .
The Council of Ulemas ( MUI ) said exercises containing Hindu elements such as chanting were forbidden and could weaken the faith of Muslims .
The move follows a similar ruling by the religious authorities in Malaysia last year .
Such religious edicts are not legally binding in Indonesia , but most Muslims consider it a sin to ignore them .
Maruf Amin , chairman of the MUI , said some yoga exercises involved the reciting of Hindu religious mantras , something which is forbidden , or " haram " , in Islam .
" Muslims should not practise other religious rituals as it will erode and weaken their Islamic faith , " he told AFP .
But he said yoga could still be practised if it was purely as a sport or a means of exercise .
Indonesia is officially a secular state but about 90 % of the country 's 235 million people are Muslim .
Mr Amin said that if any Indonesian Muslims refused to follow the fatwa , they would be committing a sin .
I ’ve received a request to release the source for Kinetic , a project I worked on in Haskell around the winter of 2006 ( iirc ) .
There are two reasons why I ’ve put this off :
This was one of the first projects I worked on in Haskell , and the source shows that .
My experience has been Haskell is often criticized based on the quality of code produced by its n00bs .
This is an unreasonable thing to do ( imagine judging a unicycle based on how well someone can ride it on their first go ! ) but I see it often none the less .
I hope that this release does not lead to more of this nonsense .
The project had ambitious goals that I never had the time to pursue ( I ’m sure many hackers know that feeling … )
I ’m really not interested in hearing about how I did n’t deliver on that .
It ’s just something I was working on when I was in college , you dig ?
I ’ve uploaded a snapshot of my development directory here .
The build process attempts to download the source to ghc - 6.6 and build it locally for use in the construction of the kernel .
It will also try to find ( using very basic means ) the object files for many non-system C routines used to support the GHC runtime .
The Makefile should be able to produce a bootable CD ISO that can be used with VMWare .
The operating system includes a driver for the VMWare graphics adapter , which it will assume is what the host system provides ( so it probably wo n’t get very far in Bochs or qemu ) .
Of course , when I tried building it on my current machine , the build failed in ghc - 6.6 .
I know that I was working on replacing the GUI with a console - based shell at some point ; it ’s possible that the source I posted is somewhere in the middle of that , and wo n’t build as a result .
I ’ll investigate this more when I get a chance .
I ’d be happy to answer any questions about the system as best as I can .
Happy hacking !
Posted by Big Gav in electronomics , energy orb , facebook , smart grids , smart meters
Seeking Alpha has a look at some of the downstream impacts of an economic stimulus package that expands and modernises the US electricity grid - Electric Stimulus Crunch ?
Generating Utilities May See 10 % Revenue Declines .
A lot of renewable energy makes sense when one looks at the 20 year levelized cost of energy .
All one has to do is make assumptions about Coal and Natural gas inflation over the next few years and wind and some forms of solar start looking good from a risk management perspective in a power generating portfolio .
Here is a spreadsheet tool for comparing renewable energy costs with fossil based equivalents .
Please note oil generates only 1.6 % of electricity in the U.S.
So please ignore any pundit comparing electricity generation via wind and solar with oil prices at $ X price , it is a red herring and something for the CNBC crowd .
The new stimulus package is going to include $ 54 billion for efficiency .
If one assumes that these efficiency investments have a 6 year payback period or IRR of 16.6 % , then we might see about $ 8.64 billion less spent on fuel for heating and electricity due to efficiency savings .
If we assume a 50 - 50 % split for electric and fuel based energy , then there could be a $ 4.3 billion contraction going forward in the U.S. electric market due to the stimulus .
This is n't a huge hit for a +$ 320 b industry , but look out if a green smart grid gets put in for transmission and distribution , then it could be a 10 % upstream demand side hit going forward .
Yes , I am for the green smart grid as it will make things more efficient , safe and reliable over time , but it is important to realize all change has ripples .
The real crunch :
The larger impact comes from national HVDC transmission installation and efficiencies in distribution .
You can read about the U.S. grid here .
ABB thinks upstream demand could be reduced over 10 % with an HVDC grid and smart distribution .
See report here and read with care , this is a vendor speaking .
That could mean a +10 % decline in demand for power generation , a big decline in upstream generating requirements .
From a value investor 's perspective , some generators ' moats are going to get smaller as the effective grids get larger and more efficient .
Depending on the wholesale to retail mark - up , it could be $ 10 billion in lost upstream generating revenues .
Utility experts feel free to submit your estimates in the comments .
On top of the decline in revenue for power generators , a national HVDC grid and / or making the current multiple U.S. grids more efficient would mean the retirement of many Peaker plants and other fixed assets held by generating utilities .
Currently grid congestion means that peaker plants and other capex are required to be available .
Depending on the regulatory regime , firms receive compensation for a fair ROI on these assets .
In light of efficient grids a lot of these will become redundant , shrinking the rate base .
Regulatory regimes vary from state to state and region to region .
EnerNoc ( ENOC ) and other smart load management systems could see their market shrink dramatically .
A smart green grid makes sense .
Some wind farms actually had negative electric rates due to poor grid infrastructure .
The generating utilities and FERC have been far too cozy for too long .
Upstream electricity demand will shrink .
That might not be a bad thing on the macro scale .
Some utilities with generating assets instead of just T&D ( transmission & distribution ) may face a bit of a challenge as the assumption of 1 % / year growth reverses quickly and they are fixed with usage assumptions and fixed debt loads .
Earnings could suffer .
Ever wonder why those smart meters never made it into your home or why you never had variable rate electricity pricing ?
The technology has been around for 20 years .
The problem is no utility wants to pay for the privilege of shrinking the consumption rate of their product .
Variable rate pricing and in - house meters cause behavior shifts in domestic users leading to 3 - 10 % declines in consumption .
Makes a person think a little about what will happen if these become standard .
I am not advocating an energy or policy position , just saying , it pays to look around and see who the winners and losers are from inevitable change that is happening ; in the long run efficient , sustainable use of resources benefits everyone .
Decisions made in energy typically run for 20 - 30 years , so before you jump to a decision think about your children 's world .
Democrats in the U.S. House of Representatives , who make up the voting majority , are calling for increased amounts to bolster enhanced IT services in the country .
The American Recovery and Reinvestment Bill of 2009 , worth $ 825 billion , now has $ 80 billion earmarked for smart grid and renewable energy development , increased broadband Internet services , and for the computerization of health records .
Of that $ 80 billion figure , $ 32 billion has been allotted for the development of an American smart grid , plus another $ 22 billion for renewable energy development .
Development of the smart grid is critical for intermittent nature of renewable power sources such as wind and solar energy .
Renewable sources are only generating power when the wind is blowing or when the sun is shining ; however when available it needs to be harnessed .
Large wind farms and vast solar arrays tend to be distributed widely in distant , remote areas .
Transmitting energy from these sources is only possible with smart grid infrastructure in place that applies networking concepts to the distribution of energy .
Typically , 7 percent of power generated in the United States goes immediately to waste because of defective transmission lines and other mechanical problems , or theft .
Inefficiencies at the transmission end cost the industry around $ 20 billion in revenue that is never realized .
The costs are even greater when otherwise unused power plants have to be fired up in order to meet demand , or when new ones must be built .
Currently , these are accepted facts within the industry .
Amazingly , a method for tracking exactly where electricity transmission lost does n’t exist without a smart grid in place .
A smart grid allows the electrical distribution and transmission system to operate much more efficiently – conserving energy and saving money for consumers at the same time .
Utilities can then better manage the energy supply using a technique called demand response .
By setting the price according to what the current demand for electricity is , utilities can smooth out demand spikes – long the bane of the industry .
The power grid is also much more reliable and secure as a result .
Utilities no longer have to rely on their customers that an outage has occurred – since the smart grid is constantly monitored in real - time personnel are instantly notified that a problem has occurred , or is about to occur in some cases .
Further down the road , plug - in hybrid vehicle technology can be introduced to the smart grid , in addition to the integration of renewable power .
In the future , every home and building in America may be equipped with a “ building dashboard ” accompanied with an “ energy orb ” that can be used to help consumers come out of their energy - wasting ignorance .
Consumers would be transformed into informed and sophisticated “ sippers ” of energy instead .
Much has been said about the use of renewable energy resources to lessen the damaging effects of carbon emissions , but Dr. John Peterson , a professor of environmental science at Oberlin College , believes buildings should also be targeted for energy waste .
In the United States , buildings are responsible for about 40 percent of total energy consumption – much of it generated by the burning of dirty fossil fuels .
Peterson says that Americans could get by on much less power if people had more information regarding their energy consumption .
A smart meter can be installed in the home that informs inhabitants of the level of energy consumption , along with the real - time price associated with consuming that power .
“ You ’ve got dashboards in your car , but until recently nobody had really created one for buildings , ” said Peterson in an interview with KRISTV in Corpus Christi , Texas .
“ It ’s all about citizens being better informed about energy use – understanding the context of one ’s actions . ”
Petersen helped event the aforementioned orb and dashboard .
He says they “ engage , entertain , educate , and empower , ” or the four “ Es. ” Studies have shown repeatedly that if consumers had the necessary tools that provided the right information that they will take corrective action in order to conserve energy .
Petersen ’s energy orb is designed to remind consumers to check their building dashboard – which would essentially be a smart meter display .
Displays would be viewable over the Internet , or through a variety of hand - held devices .
The dashboard can also inform the consumer on how much energy they have saved in monetary terms – or environmental ones such as CO2 tons saved .
Energy orbs now adorn dorms at Oberlin College .
When it glows red , students are reminded that energy consumption is very high and they need to conserve .
When the orb is green , consumption is at an acceptable level .
Students at the college do n’t even have to pay electric bills but have demonstrated that they can cut consumption by 56 percent when competing with each other .
...
Soon , the company expects to deploy a Facebook application that allows energy consumption to be compared with other users of the popular social networking site .
Electronomics – which studies the creation of national prosperity and personal wealth as we transition from today 's Petroleum Economy to tomorrow 's Electricity Economy – offers essential learning for public and private sector decision makers in the Age of Obama .
And the key word here is " essential . "
At a time of financial crisis , the impending and evolving Electricity Economy represents the biggest industrial and entrepreneurial opportunity since the Petroleum Economy it 's poised to replace .
The Electricity Economy is so large , in fact , that it dwarfs the Internet , the interstate highway system or our vast telecommunications networks in its ability to create new industries , new wealth and new national prosperity .
This enormous potential exists because – even though most people do n't realize it – we 've already passed the tipping point .
In 1950 , 20 percent of the U.S. GDP was directly dependent on electricity , according to the Manhattan Institute ; today , the figure is at 60 percent – and rising .
Creating New Companies and New Industries
That means we can expect to see the creation of huge new companies – next - generation Microsofts and Googles – as well as fresh fortunes for entrepreneurs who gain early - mover advantage .
It also signals legions of new and good - paying jobs that will enhance and sustain our quality of life and standard of living .
So , the upside opportunities of the Electricity Economy are clearly in our financial interest .
They 're also in our environmental and national security interests .
Recent forecasts predict that electricity generation will dou ble between now and 2030 , and our ever - increasing consumption is putting additional and harmful pressure on the environment ( 50 percent of U.S. electricity comes from dirty coal plants ) and on our aging and overstressed power grid .
But , if we invest wisely in a new , intelligent and digital electric infrastructure – the smart grid – we can seriously cut our dependence on fossil fuels because a new 21st century electric network will make it easier to use renewable energy sources .
The current electricity grid simply was n't built for wind or solar power , which often have to be generated from great distances before they can effectively reach end users .
And , if it 's a still or cloudy day , wind and solar power can also be intermittent , putting additional peak - and - trough usage pressure on the already shaky electricity grid .
But , since 60 percent of the current electricity infrastructure needs to be replaced over the next decade anyway , there 's a significant opportunity to re-tool and re-invent more cleanly and greenly .
Customizing Our Electricity Consumption
The efficiencies of the smart grid are also promising ; some analysts believe we will be able to reduce our energy consumption by up to 30 percent when all is said and done , thanks to a host of intelligent devices that will monitor usage patterns , customize electricity consumption and balance supply and demand across large regions .
For consumers , a smart grid promises lower energy costs – our overall electricity bills today are two times larger than our telephone bills – and an end to today 's " one-size - fits - all " electricity pricing ; in the future , people will be able to choose an electricity plan just as they now choose a calling plan .
What 's more , the new digital infrastructure will scale down and decentralize electricity distribution , giving communities , co-ops and campuses the option to become self - reliant and self - sustaining .
And to combat climate change , the proliferation of smart grid technology offers the chance to completely transform our transportation sector from petroleum to electricity .
Analysts believe there 's no reason that 25 percent of all vehicles on our roads and highways can't –and should n't – be electrified by 2020 .
Utilities in Finland are spearheading the European goal of deploying smart grid technology in order to protect the environment by using less energy much more efficiently .
Last year Landis + Gyr finalised contracts with Finnish utilities that will deploy smart meter technology for nearly 150,000 consumers .
Landis + Gyr is a world leading provider of energy management solutions .
The Finnish energy consumers will soon be able to monitor their energy consumption much more closely as they will become aware of precisely how much they are using , and how much it costs , in real - time .
Solutions involving smart meter technology are expected to completely change the way consumers use energy and the way the aggregate supply is managed .
Energy providers will have , for the first time ever , a two - way flow of information where before electricity was merely transmitted one - way .
This treasure - trove of feedback will allow utilities to run their power grids much more efficiently by managing demand and will have a much more secure power grid .
Utilities will be constantly aware of the state of the power grid .
This much more efficient smart grid will result in lower carbon emissions .
Smart meters make up 4.7 % of installed meters in the U.S , according to a Federal Energy Regulatory Commission report .
In 2006 , smart meters accounted for 1 % of installed meters nationwide .
As smart meters gain acceptance , state utilities continue to promote demand response and smart grid technologies for consumers .
SmartMeters.com also has a look at smart grids and the economic stimulus package - Latest stimulus chatter calls for $ 32 billion for smart grid SmartMeters.com also has a post on a smart meter display called an " energy orb " - Smart meters to transform energy consumers Jesse Berst of Smart Grid News has a book coming out soon on " Electronomics : How the Smart Grid Will Power American Prosperity " in which he argues hat updating the grid will rebound the economy .
Greentech Media has an excerpt - Electronomics , or How the Smart Grid Will Power Wealth , Pt. I One more post from SmartMeters.com , this one noting that Finland is leading the way in Europe - Finland leads Europe in smart grid development SmartBrief reports that smart meter penetration in the US is already rising rapidly - Report : Smart meters now 4.7 % of meters in U.S .
I saw a story I liked on CNN about the political transition .
I submitted it to Reddit , where it was promptly ignored .
Then I did a bad thing .
I am sorry .
For those not familiar with it , the second entry means that 9 hours ago I submitted the first story with a normal headline , and it got 1 point .
The first line means that 6 hours ago I submitted the salacious headline , and got 42 points .
If you want irony , here 's the top comment on my evil post : Oy .
Iceland 's financial system has run aground The International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) has reached a " tentative " agreement to give aid to Iceland worth about $ 2.1 bn ( £ 1.3 bn ; 1.58 bn euros ) .
It is the first Western country to have approached the IMF for aid since 1976 .
Iceland said it should have immediate access to $ 833 m if the " comprehensive stabilisation programme " is approved .
Its financial system is close to collapse after the country was forced to take over three of its biggest , debt - laden banks this month .
The Nordic nation 's troubles have had severe repercussions elsewhere in Europe .
In the UK , individual savers and local councils have been unable to access funds deposited in Icelandic banks .
The overarching goal is to support Iceland 's efforts to adjust to the economic crisis in a more orderly and less painful way
Dominique Strauss - Kahn
IMF managing director Icelandic anger at UK terror move
Governments fight economic onslaught Iceland 's currency , the krona , has almost halved in value this year and banking transactions with other countries have almost completely frozen .
Less pain
The IMF said the tentative agreement aimed to " restore confidence " in the nation 's banking system , but warned that the country 's economy could contract by as much as 10 % next year .
IMF managing director Dominique Strauss - Kahn said that Iceland had put together " an ambitious economic programme " to restore confidence in its banking system , stabilise its currency .
This meant it deserved IMF funding as well as the support of the international community .
" The overarching goal is to support Iceland 's efforts to adjust to the economic crisis in a more orderly and less painful way , " Mr Strauss - Kahn said .
Sustainable plan Iceland said the IMF funds would be used to stabilise its currency , reintroduce a flexible interest rate regime and to overhaul its financial regulation system , especially insolvency laws .
Iceland 's Prime Minister Geir Haarde said he did not think the IMF had laid out any unacceptable conditions .
" This program will enable us to secure funding and gain access to the necessary technical expertise required to stabilise the Icelandic krona and to provide support for the development of a healthier financial system , " Mr Haarde said .
" As a result , Iceland will commit to a sustainable long - term economic policy , and a plan for the recovery of the Icelandic economy , " he added .
Mr Haarde said that it was vital that the Icelandic public did not get lumbered with the debts which banks had built up when they were privately owned .
Before going to the IMF , it had been in talks with Russia for a $ 4bn loan , but discussions broke down .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Guest post by Frank Lansner , civil engineer , biotechnology .
( Note from Anthony – English is not Frank ’s primary language , I have made some small adjustments for readability , however they may be a few passages that need clarification .
Frank will be happy to clarify in comments )
It is generally accepted that CO2 is lagging temperature in Antarctic graphs .
To dig further into this subject therefore might seem a waste of time .
But the reality is , that these graphs are still widely used as an argument for the global warming hypothesis .
But can the CO2 - hypothesis be supported in any way using the data of Antarctic ice cores ?
At first glance , the CO2 lagging temperature would mean that it ’s the temperature that controls CO2 and not vice versa .
Click for larger image Fig 1 .
Source : http://www.brighton73.freeserve.co.uk/gw/paleo/400000yrfig.htm
But this is the climate debate , so massive rescue missions have been launched to save the CO2 - hypothesis .
So explanation for the unfortunate CO2 data is as follows :
First a solar or orbital change induces some minor warming / cooling and then CO2 raises / drops .
After this , it ’s the CO2 that drives the temperature up / down .
Hansen has argued that :
The big differences in temperature between ice ages and warm periods is not possible to explain without a CO2 driver .
Very unlike solar theory and all other theories , when it comes to CO2 - theory one has to PROVE that it is wrong .
So let ’s do some digging .
The 4 - 5 major temperature peaks seen on Fig 1 . have common properties :
First a big rapid temperature increase , and then an almost just as big , but a less rapid temperature fall .
To avoid too much noise in data , I summed up all these major temperature peaks into one graph :
Fig 2 .
This graph of actual data from all major temperature peaks of the Antarctic vostokdata confirms the pattern we saw in fig 1 , and now we have a very clear signal as random noise is reduced .
The well known Temperature - CO2 relation with temperature as a driver of CO2 is easily shown :
Fig 3 .
Below is a graph where I aim to illustrate CO2 as the driver of temperature :
Fig 4 .
Except for the well known fact that temperature changes precede CO2 changes , the supposed CO2 - driven raise of temperatures works ok before temperature reaches max peak .
No , the real problems for the CO2 - rescue hypothesis appears when temperature drops again .
During almost the entire temperature fall , CO2 only drops slightly .
In fact , CO2 stays in the area of maximum CO2 warming effect .
So we have temperatures falling all the way down even though CO2 concentrations in these concentrations where supposed to be a very strong upwards driver of temperature .
I write “ the area of maximum CO2 warming effect “ …
The whole point with CO2 as the important main temperature driver was , that already at small levels of CO2 rise , this should efficiently force temperatures up , see for example around - 6 thousand years before present .
Already at 215-230 ppm , the CO2 should cause the warming .
If no such CO2 effect already at 215 - 230 ppm , the CO2 cannot be considered the cause of these temperature rises .
So when CO2 concentration is in the area of 250 - 280 ppm , this should certainly be considered “ the area of maximum CO2 warming effect ” .
The problems can also be illustrated by comparing situations of equal CO2 concentrations :
Fig 5 .
So , for the exact same levels of CO2 , it seems we have very different level and trend of temperatures :
Fig 6 .
How come a CO2 level of 253 ppm in the B- situation does not lead to rise in temperatures ?
Even from very low levels ?
When 253 ppm in the A situation manages to raise temperatures very fast even from a much higher level ?
One thing is for sure :
“ Other factors than CO2 easily overrules any forcing from CO2 .
Only this way can the B-situations with high CO2 lead to falling temperatures . ”
This is essential , because , the whole idea of placing CO2 in a central role for driving temperatures was :
“ We cannot explain the big changes in temperature with anything else than CO2 ” .
But simple fact is : “ No matter what rules temperature , CO2 is easily overruled by other effects , and this CO2 - argument falls ” .
So we are left with graphs showing that CO2 follows temperatures , and no arguments that CO2 even so could be the main driver of temperatures .
– Another thing :
When examining the graph fig 1 , I have not found a single situation where a significant raise of CO2 is accompanied by significant temperature rise - WHEN NOT PRECEDED BY TEMPERATURE RISE .
If the CO2 had any effect , I should certainly also work without a preceding temperature rise ?!
( To check out the graph on fig 1 . it is very helpful to magnify )
Does this prove that CO2 does not have any temperature effect at all ?
No .
For some reason the temperature falls are not as fast as the temperature rises .
So although CO2 certainly does not dominate temperature trends then : Could it be that the higher CO2 concentrations actually is lowering the pace of the temperature falls ?
This is of course rather hypothetical as many factors have not been considered .
Fig 7 .
Well , if CO2 should be reason to such “ temperature - fall - slowing - effect ” , how big could this effect be ?
The temperatures falls 1 K / 1000 years slower than they rise .
However , this CO2 explanation of slow falling temperature seems is not supported by the differences in cooling periods , see fig 8 .
When CO2 does not cause these big temperature changes , then what is then the reason for the big temperature changes seen in Vostok data ?
Or : “ What is the mechanism behind ice ages ? ? ? ”
This is a question many alarmists asks , and if you ca n’t answer , then CO2 is the main temperature driver .
End of discussion .
There are obviously many factors not yet known , so I will just illustrate one hypothetical solution to the mechanism of ice ages among many :
First of all :
When a few decades of low sunspot number is accompanied by Dalton minimum and 50 years of missing sunspots is accompanied by the Maunder minimum , what can for example thousands of years of missing sunspots accomplish ?
We do n’t know .
What we saw in the Maunder minimum is NOT all that missing solar activity can achieve , even though some might think so .
In a few decades of solar cooling , only the upper layers of the oceans will be affected .
But if the cooling goes on for thousands of years , then the whole oceans will become colder and colder .
It takes around 1000 - 1500 years to “ mix ” and cool the oceans .
So for each 1000 - 1500 years the cooling will take place from a generally colder ocean .
Therefore , what we saw in a few decades of maunder minimum is in no way representing the possible extend of ten thousands of years of solar low activity .
It seems that a longer warming period of the earth would result in a slower cooling period afterward due to accumulated heat in ocean and more :
Fig 8 .
Again , this fits very well with Vostok data : Longer periods of warmth seems to be accompanied by longer time needed for cooling of earth .
The differences in cooling periods does not support that it is CO2 that slows cooling phases .
The dive after 230.000 ybp peak shows , that cooling CAN be rapid , and the overall picture is that the cooling rates are governed by the accumulated heat in oceans and more .
Note :
In this writing I have used Vostok data as valid data .
I believe that Vostok data can be used for qualitative studies of CO2 rising and falling .
However , the levels and variability of CO2 in the Vostok data I find to be faulty as explained here :
http://wattsupwiththat.com/2008/12/17/the-co2-temperature-link/
Sponsored IT training links :
Pass PMI - 001 exam fast using self study 70 - 290 guide and 350-029 tutorial .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan
Terrorism in this part of the world usually means bombs exploding or hotels burning , as the latest horrific scenes from Mumbai attest .
Yet alongside the brutal public terrorism that fills the television screens , there is an equally cruel form of terrorism that gets almost no attention and thrives as a result : flinging acid on a woman ’s face to leave her hideously deformed .
Here in Pakistan , I ’ve been investigating such acid attacks , which are commonly used to terrorize and subjugate women and girls in a swath of Asia from Afghanistan through Cambodia ( men are almost never attacked with acid ) .
Because women usually do n’t matter in this part of the world , their attackers are rarely prosecuted and acid sales are usually not controlled .
It ’s a kind of terrorism that becomes accepted as part of the background noise in the region .
This month in Afghanistan , men on motorcycles threw acid on a group of girls who dared to attend school .
One of the girls , a 17 - year - old named Shamsia , told reporters from her hospital bed : “ I will go to my school even if they kill me .
My message for the enemies is that if they do this 100 times , I am still going to continue my studies . ”
When I met Naeema Azar , a Pakistani woman who had once been an attractive , self - confident real estate agent , she was wearing a black cloak that enveloped her head and face .
Then she removed the covering , and I flinched .
But , until he left Capitol Hill in 2002 to work as an investment banker and lobbyist for UBS , a Swiss bank that has been hard hit by the market downturn , it was Mr. Gramm who most effectively took up the fight against more government intervention in the markets .
“ Phil Gramm was the great spokesman and leader of the view that market forces should drive the economy without regulation , ” said James D. Cox , a corporate law scholar at Duke University .
“ The movement he helped to lead contributed mightily to our problems . ”
In two recent interviews , Mr. Gramm described the current turmoil as “ an incredible trauma , ” but said he was proud of his record .
He blamed others for the crisis : Democrats who dropped barriers to borrowing in order to promote homeownership ; what he once termed “ predatory borrowers ” who took out mortgages they could not afford ; banks that took on too much risk ; and large financial institutions that did not set aside enough capital to cover their bad bets .
But looser regulation played virtually no role , he argued , saying that is simply an emerging myth .
“ There is this idea afloat that if you had more regulation you would have fewer mistakes , ” he said .
“ I do n’t see any evidence in our history or anybody else ’s to substantiate it . ”
He added , “ The markets have worked better than you might have thought . ”
Rejecting Common Wisdom
Mr. Gramm sees himself as a myth buster , and has long argued that economic events are misunderstood .
Before entering politics in the 1970s , he taught at Texas A & M University .
He studied the Great Depression , producing research rejecting the conventional wisdom that suicides surged after the market crashed .
He examined financial panics of the 19th century , concluding that policy makers and economists had repeatedly misread events to justify burdensome regulation .
On February 16th 2009 , the trial of The Pirate Bay will start in Sweden .
Details of the case have been scarce thus far , but one of the witnesses for the prosecution will be a police officer who got a job at Warner Bros.
last year .
Pirate Bay 's co-founder Peter Sunde promised to bring more competent witnesses to court .
Almost three years have passed since The Pirate Bay ’s servers were seized by the Swedish police .
In the years since the raid a lot has changed .
For one , The Pirate Bay grew to become the largest BitTorrent tracker on the Internet and one of the most prominent sites in the world .
Some estimate that approximately 50 % of all Internet traffic is coordinated by The Pirate Bay tracker .
The Pirate Bay raid eventually led to an investigation that took two years to complete .
The police reported its findings in 4,000 pages of legal paperwork and in three weeks from now , starting February 16th , it will be tested in court .
Four individuals are charged with ‘ assisting copyright infringement ’ , while several copyright holders together are claiming over $ 100 million in damages .
The fate of the four will partly depend on the expert witnesses presented by both sides .
The Pirate Bay co-founder Peter Sunde revealed some of the witnesses the prosecution will call , while casting doubt on their competence .
Among them , IFPI CEO John Kennedy and policeman employee Jim Keyzer , who later took a job at Warner Bros .
It is interesting to see the name of Jim Keyzer there , since his objectivity was put in serious doubt after he accepted a job at Warner Bros . while he was still working on the Pirate Bay investigation .
Keyzer returned to his job at the police ’s IT crime unit after being employed by Warner Bros. for several months .
Warner Bros. later admitted that Keyzer started working for the movie studio before the Pirate Bay investigation was closed , but the prosecution did n’t see this as a problem .
Peter Sunde does , as he writes in a recent post on his blog .
“ Our side has not finalized the list of expert witnesses .
But our witnesses will actually add competence , based on facts and research , and will correctly interpret the law surrounding this case . ”
“ We will not have a bunch of uninteresting CEOs that have nothing to add beside their own anger at having to adopt their business to the current media climate – a climate where the people decide , not the high earning CEOs , ” Peter adds .
“ It ’s a shame the prosecution do not take this case seriously enough to actually put facts instead of feelings on the table .
But it does n’t matter .
Both our facts and our feelings are honest and in our favor . ”
It is likely that the defendant ’s lawyers will use Keyzer ’s employment at Warner Bros. to raise questions about the objectivity of the whole police investigation .
Peter could n’t reveal the witnesses they will call , but he told Torrent Freak that we ’ll hear more about that in the near future .
Stay tuned .
Legendary Money Maker
Group : Lifetime Supporters
Posts : 17,011
Dream Points : 57,562
Experience Points : 17,610
Joined : 15 - April 07
Member No. : 15,677
Joined : 15 - April 07 Member No. : 15,677
Internet Marketing
Source : www.talkhomebusinessblog.com
Do you know that forum marketing is one of the best forms of free advertising ?
No sales tricks or techniques required .
If you are promoting your business website , marketing on forums can bring you a lot of traffic and potential customers and sales .
Let me correct that .
Marketing on forums that are specific to your target market can boost your profits if done right .
Let�s find out what forums are and what they are for and how you can benefit from being a part of it .
forums are generally sites where many internet surfers hang out to �speak� to one another and there�s so many of them each covering their own specific topics .
There are business forums like talkhomebusiness.com and forums for moms , golfers , car enthusiasts and so on �
There are more than a billion forums on the web .
Don�t believe me ?
Take a look below : -
Forum Search
You can choose one to according to your target market and a lot of them are free to join .
Select a forum and join as a member so that you can start posting in them .
Now here�s the real trick or technique of forum marketing .
Do not start posting your business opportunity , products or services all over as you are sure to get banned soon after .
Posting words like � Hi all !
If you want to make money online , please click here or PM me� is fatal to your marketing efforts and you can wave goodbye to potential sales .
Most online forums will allow you to insert a signature beneath your post .
Please check individual forum rules .
Try placing a signature which has your name below it if your forum nickname is not already your name and place a short headline for your offer and include the site URL or simply link the whole thing .
Next comes the secret of forum marketing : - Building Credibility .
When you just joined a forum , start reading posts by other members and start commenting on them if you are familiar with the topic .
Be careful not to use one - liners and craft your post to be as helpful as you can .
Do this over and over again on a daily basis and other members will start taking notice of you .
Now , here�s where most [ TAG - TEC ] forum [ / TAG - TEC ] members give up .
Focus !
When you have enough helpful posts on other threads , start your very own topic to teach other members a thing or two or to relay a useful tip .
Post an interesting question and answer them as well .
Do this consistently everyday making at least 3 � 5 posts per forum per day .
What ?
That little ?
Yes , if they are useful contributions , you will start seeing the traffic to your offers and potential sales along the way without a single cent spent on advertising .
Again , no sales tricks or techniques required .
Tweet
--------------------
Forex Trend Scanner !
Free Money ! -
Do not click !
Hitchens , Salon editor trade insults over the Clintons David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Tuesday December 2 , 2008
Print This Email This When MSNBC's Chris Matthews invited his guests on Monday 's Hardball to comment on Barack Obama 's most recent appointments , writer Christopher Hitchens seized on the opportunity to express his well - known distaste for the Clintons .
" She only cares about one thing , " Hitchens asserted of Hillary Clinton , " namely herself and her prospects , and after that her impeached , disbarred husband and the many undeclared interests of his and hers that they nurture for the future . "
Matthews then turned to Salon editor Joan Walsh , who laughed and responded , " Christopher , your views on the Clintons ' integrity are well - known -- I consider them eccentric . "
She added , " I think this is a terrific appointment . "
Hitchens returned to the attack a second time when asked to comment on Obama 's currentt attempt to downplay statements he made during the primaries about Clinton 's lack of foreign policy experience .
" I thought that Obama 's answer there was incredibly cheap and evasive , " Hitchens charged .
" He was right the first time to say this woman does n't , in fact , have any foreign policy experience .
...
The experience she has claimed , such as in Bosnia , was fake . "
As Hitchens continued grumbling that people like him could " do without " Hillary Clinton , Walsh retorted that was true only of " a group of eccentric Clinton - haters " and that Obama " wants the strength of the Clinton name , the Clinton brand . "
Hitchens , however , could n't accept that .
" What you want as president is to know your secretary of state spends all her time working to make sure your policies stick , " he insisted .
" With this woman , that can't be said .
She 's always thinking first about herself , second about her husband . "
" Well , I trust Barack Obama 's opinion more than yours , " Walsh replied tartly .
" Guess who 's saying it , " Hitchens sneered .
" That 's a very clever thing to say .
...
What a fatuous remark . "
" Barack Obama is a supremely qualified person -- yet your opinion matters ? "
Walsh shot back .
Matthews finally attempted to ask , " Will Bill Clinton , with his popularity in south Asia , be brought in as an envoy with regard to Kashmir and the general dispute between Pakistan and India ? "
Hitchens replied , " Someone whose main clientele is the Wahhabi royal family of Saudi Arabia , who paid for the people who just blew up Bombay , I do n't think would be an ideal mediator , no .
But that 's just my opinion , as Miss Walsh would say . "
" Christopher , you can call me Joan , " commented Walsh .
" I 've had dinner at your house .
It seems condescending to call me Miss Walsh . "
This video is from MSNBC's Hardball , broadcast Dec. 1 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
I ’m moving out of the co-op I own at the end of the month because I am relocating to another city .
Unfortunately , my very nice one - bedroom has n’t sold .
I ’m told that showing the place empty ( the furniture is coming with me ) may negatively affect the selling price .
What do you think ?
It ’s a long - held belief that furnished apartments show better and garner higher prices .
Even popular new condo developments often include tours of fully decorated sample units in addition to the vacant unit for sale .
Obviously , some apartments will show better ( new high - rises with views ) than others ( dark prewars with great locations but no panorama ) .
One of the main reasons empty digs have less appeal is because they appear significantly smaller .
( Debate me on this if you want , but just so you know , you wo n’t be the first . )
Secondly , even if you ’ve taken great care of your home , the apartment is likely to look dingy after you leave because of things like exposed hooks or holes that held artwork and uneven floor color where the sun bleached certain areas .
Plus , any structural flaws – e.g. , the leak you fixed , the broken bathroom tiles behind the towel rack , that odd structural beam hidden by the coat rack – will be apparent .
This abandoned look may appear grim to even an experienced buyer .
Also , an empty apartment can leave the impression that the seller is willing to unload it cheap , leaving you to field low - ball offers .
That said , consider the options and make a plan .
Discuss the situation with your broker .
Most potential buyers – through curiosity , seemingly crafty financial assessment or simple small talk – will ask where the seller has gone .
You and your broker will want a positive answer to this .
Carefully reconsider the asking price , understanding if you ’re eager for a tough negotiation or bidding war , that time has passed .
A lowered price may bring in new prospects and , frankly , a new spirit .
( Apartments that linger unsold tend to see diminished interest . )
Next , it ’s probably worth splurging to freshen up the apartment with a coat of paint and a professional cleaner .
And if you can rent , borrow or leave some furniture in place ( good furniture , mind you ) , it might be the tipping factor .
A final option would be to take the apartment off the market for a year and rent it .
You ’ll want to stipulate in the lease that the tenant make the apartment available to brokers during the final three months of the contract .
Most co-op bylaws include a rent provision that a tenant must be approved by the board .
So if you ’ve got a nice , friendly board , it might be worth a shot .
Why did our co-op board reject our buyer ?
This man founded , owns and runs a successful family business valued at millions .
Plus , he ’s willing to pay cash .
Ah , the question of all questions .
Co-ops are notorious for finding the pettiest complaints about a potential buyer and throwing them out on their ear .
You ’ll never know why your buyer was rejected since boards are not legally required to say .
Prejudice and snobbery used to play a large role and probably still do .
However , co-op boards usually turn down buyers because of money .
It ’s become more of a trend in today ’s market ( with prices going through the roof ) that if someone is willing to pay entirely in cash for an expensive apartment , the co-op board will relax .
But old habits die hard .
In your case , it ’s likely the board was concerned about this buyer ’s finances , which appear tied to one source ; specifically , the continued success of his privately owned business .
Many enormously successful people with unspeakable yearly salaries butt heads with these boards because they have limited savings ( i.e. , liquid assets ) to use for the proverbial “ rainy day . ”
A good broker should know the scoop on what qualifications your building has .
Time Warner Still Pretending Core , Last Mile Fiber The Same
It 's certainly cheaper than broadly deploying DOCSIS 3.0 quote :
It 's more misleading than lying , and Time Warner Cable certainly is n't alone in the practice .
Advertisers from carriers like Cox and Charter also try to conflate DOCSIS 2.0 cable and fiber to the home , despite knowing there 's a clear and substantial difference .
Phone companies play this game as well , Qwest doing their best to pretend that their ADSL2+/ FTTN service is actually " Instead of quickly deploying DOCSIS 3.0 technology like Comcast , Time Warner Cable decided to fight off Verizon FiOS with a new campaign that intentionally confuses consumers by blurring the line between last mile and core network fiber .
Their latest website informs consumers that Time Warner Cable " gives you fiber optics without the hassle , " but avoids the fact that last mile fiber offers much faster speeds than TWC 's current DOCSIS 2.0 network .
Forum users note that the company is also pitching cable as " fiber " in new promotional leaflets that have completely stopped using the word " cable " :
It 's more misleading than lying , and Time Warner Cable certainly is n't alone in the practice .
Advertisers from carriers like Cox and Charter also try to conflate DOCSIS 2.0 cable and fiber to the home , despite knowing there 's a clear and substantial difference .
Phone companies play this game as well , Qwest doing their best to pretend that their ADSL2+/ FTTN service is actually " Super High - Speed Fiber - Optic Internet Service " as they do battle with municipal FTTH operators in Utah .
News Jump Stark New Reality In The Telco Business : Dumb Pipes No Longer Cut It ; AT&T Unveils Mix and Match Plans ; + more news AT&T Extends Overage Charge Waiver ; Verizon And T - Mobile Each Insist Their 5G Strategy Is The Right One ; + more news War Of Words Heats Up : T - Mobile Fires Back At Verizon , AT&T ; Amazon Intros Gaming Service To Take On Stadia ; + more news Starlink 's Network Faces Huge Limitations ; AT&T Whines T - Mobile Merger Put Too Much Spectrum In One Place ; + more news WISPs Get CBRS Range As Great As Six Miles At 100 Mbps Speeds ; Windstream Officially Exits Bankruptcy ; + more news Charter Relaunches Free 60 - day Internet And Wi-Fi Offer ; NCTA : FCC Should Stick With 25/3 Speed Threshold ; + more news Comcast Shuts Off Internet for Subs Who Were Sold Service Illegally ; AT&T , Verizon Team To Stop T - Mobile 5G ; + more news California Defends Its Net Neutrality Law ; AT&T's Traffic Up 20 % Despite Data Traffic Actually Being Down ; + more news Are The Comcast - Charter X1 Talks Dead In The Water ? ; AT&T May Offer Phone Plans With Ads For Discounts ; + more news Europe 's Top Court : Net Neutrality Rules Bar Zero Rating ; ViacomCBS To Rebrand CBS All Access As Paramount + ; + more news
----------------------
this week last week most discussed view :
topics flat nest tmc8080
join:2004-04-24
Brooklyn , NY tmc8080
Member head to head customers in NYC know the deal where FIOS and TWC high speed compete in the same footprint .
cablemodems do NOT compare to FTTP throughput 24/7/365 .
Fiber is dedicated provisioning , Docsis 1 - 3 is NOT dedicated provisioning in the last mile .
You will pay MORE though , that 's the reality of the matter ... so if the dedicated speed means more to you or you get crap service from the cable provider , AND you have the cash to spare .. your choice is clear .
When docsis 3 rolls around , they can make it a more enticing deal , but not likely -- they 'll just be a good enough alternative to what Verizon does , not beat them on overall throughput & price .
Kickrox
Premium Member
join:2002-08-18
Brooklyn , NY Kickrox Premium Member Re : head to head A few years ago I was satisfied with Time Warner .
I moved and was able to get Cable Vision service I was extremely pleased .
Now I 'm back in an area that 's TW and they freakin ' suck ( IMO ) nowadays .
In the early mornings my speeds are some what ok .
Anytime after 12 am forget it ... traffic city .
My speeds are often less than 3 M bits .
I miss CV .
personin626
join:2008 -11-23 personin626 Member Re : head to head FiOS just started getting layed about 3 - 4 miles south of here .
They are sweeping the area from there to the north , and im in the way .
In about 7 mos .
I say , they will be down here , once its all done and ready , im calling TWC and saying bye bye .
Last night , the latency was horrific .
I went to my friends house and had no problems connecting from his DSL line .
I envy my friend and his sweet DSL line .
nasadude
join:2001-10-05
Rockville , MD nasadude Member it's the american ( business ) way in non-competitive markets , businesses like to use lawyers , misleading advertising and confusing tiers and bundling against what little competition exists .
apparently , competing on price and services is too hard or too expensive .
dannydee9
join:2008-12-26
Flushing , NY dannydee9 Member Re : it 's the american ( business ) way dialup is lower latency and faster than cable here at times .
tubbynet
reminds me of the danse russe
MVM
join:2008-01-16
Gilbert , AZ tubbynet to nasadude
MVM to nasadude
said by nasadude :
apparently , competing on price and services does n't line the pockets of management and stockholders enough
apparently , competing on price and services
q. fixed it for you .
corporate greed at its best.q .
n2jtx
join:2001-01-13
Glen Head , NY n2jtx Member FiOS
Here FiOS lines were installed in my neighborhood this summer but I have yet to see any advertising for it .
I still get ads from Verizon to sign up for their DSL service and nothing about video .
My guess is it is still not lit up around here and CV has not taken any pains to " warn " us about FiOS .
Dogfather
Premium Member
join:2007-12-26
Laguna Hills , CA Dogfather Premium Member Liars , plain and simple I see those BS claims from Cox and TWC all the time .
The best is when they start talking about FiOS " lawn trama " .
LOL .
Rick5
Premium Member
join:2001-02-06 Rick5 Premium Member Re : Liars , plain and simple
While I wo n't say that Verizon is lying .. is n't it a stretch to promote something in the manner that they are that so few of their customers can get today and that many wo n't see for years and years ?
I 'd call that Vapo~ Fiber at best .
Dogfather
Premium Member
join:2007-12-26
Laguna Hills , CA Dogfather Premium Member Re : Liars , plain and simple Advertising FiOS is n't any different than them advertising their phone service .
They target customers who can get it to try and get them to buy it .
Cable does the same thing .
Time Warner advertises on our local LA affiliates while certainly everyone watching is n't in a TWC service area .
That is quite a different thing that saying you have a fiber network when you do n't .
Pictor Guy
join:2004-06-21
Sammamish , WA Pictor Guy Member + 20 % increase ?
My kids love Noggin too but lets Viacom eat it .
This is nothing more than a negotiation tactic .
Viacom must not be reading the headlines .
Lets them ask for a huge increase and I hope the TWC drops Viacom .
If TWC increases rates for this then watch more people dump cable in favor of other forms of entertainment .
I can get most Viacom shows on Netflix anyway .
Rick5
Premium Member
join:2001-02-06 Rick5 Premium Member
I can't help but to see it differently 11 years ago ... count em ..11 ... I had RR service .
And that was made possible because Time Warner built out their network with fiber .
In the years that followed TW ... and the whole cable industry as a whole ... spent a reported 100 Billion dollars on these networks .
But yet ..now the presumption is .. they should n't be able to talk about it ?
Verizon comes along .. makes it a buzz word .. but yet TW is supposed to sit silent about what they did .. years earlier ?
Coaxial cable when combined with fiber to the node in what is referred to as a HFC network is a VERY effective medium in which to deliver HSI over .
It is not fiber to some old twisted pair .. aka Uverse .. that we 're talking about .
TW has continually stayed at the forefront in terms of speeds over the years .. and today offers very competitive speeds and services .. even compared to fios which should be noted .. is STILL a very minor portion of Verizons total network .
If anyones been pumping up the propaganda ..
I think it 's Verizon given how SMALL a service area they actually serve with Fios as of right now .
And ..how many years it will be to completion .
One also has to consider the real world usage of an internet connection .
Just because someone has a 20 Mb fios connection does n't mean that it 's always going to be faster than someone on a TW connection .
There are many factors to consider .
And the plans that not only TW offers .. but most cable operators as well .. are extremely competitive with the best that fios offers today .
In the limited markets it does offer it .
This does n't mean that I do n't think that TW should move swiftly ahead with docsis 3.0 .
Because I do .
But all things considered .. they 're not behind the curve when compared to the totality of the telco 's networks .
And I think they have every right to talk about their fiber as well .
After all .. they were a decade ahead of the telcos installing it .
Austinloop
join:2001-08-19
Austin , TX Austinloop Member Re : I can't help but to see it differently
Here in Austin , the first fiber went into the telco plant in the mid to late ' 80's .
So the CATV company was using fiber in the ' 70's ?
fiberguy2
My views are my own .
Premium Member
join:2005-05-20 fiberguy2 Premium Member Re : I can't help but to see it differently
In Sacramento , Fiber went into play , replacing microwave fed hubs fiber fed hubs , back around 1991 ..
It was not necessarily used for two - way communications , however , it did end the limitations of the microwave transmissions and , for the time period , dramatically cleaned up the PQ big time .
Fiber has been deployed by both for years on end , but it's how they use it and for what that makes the difference .
Anytime you replace copper with fiber , things are bound to improve .
However , it 's not to say that if you do n't have fiber to the home you do n't have good service - that 's just plain BS to those who claim it .
In all honestly , this whole advertising BS that people , here , are complaining about and trying to throw conspiracy theory at is also plain BS .
To be honest , no one cares , for the greater part , if fiber is at your door step or in the neighborhood .
People care about prices , value for their dollar , options and services available , and reliability .
The truth is , if you could tie two cans together with string and deliver 300 channels of digital cable and a decent high speed internet towards the average consumer at a good price and it's reliable , THE MAJORITY and Plurality of consumers would care two - cents about the fact it was two cans and string as the last mile .
Seriously , this entire thread about fiber is nothing more than fan - boy talk .
95 % of the people out there really could most likely care 2 cents about how the service gets to them which is clear .
If it were Verizon 's FiOS product being all the rage , they'd have 100 % penetration to all homes passed in the areas they serve .
The truth is , they do n't and they are far from it .
That alone should , but it wo n't , put all the BBR fan - boys notion that " fiber matters " to bed .. but like I said , it wo n't .
Is this post all in direct relations to what you said , Austin ? no..
I just wanted to comment about the deployment of fiber and then a few other things at the same time .
jmn1207
Premium Member
join:2000-07-19
Sterling , VA 1 edit jmn1207 Premium Member Re : I can't help but to see it differently Verizon 's FiOS has a record that appears to make it a better overall product wherever it has been deployed .
It would most likely be the preferred service in the Twin Cities area if Verizon decided to deploy it there , too .
All I can suggest is to look at any compilation of reviews where FiOS can be rated with any amount of accuracy .
In fact , not only FiOS , but FTTH in general seems to have one thing in common wherever it is available .
The customers all seem to prefer it over anything else when any measurable rating system is used to judge it .
If it was n't for billing issues , it would be even more embarrassing for cable providers trying to keep up with FiOS .
Deployment of FTTH is time consuming and costly , but it 's really just a slow death for cable .
Even DOCSIS 3.0 , which is hardly even available to most , could be made obsolete with very little cost and effort where fiber has been strung to each residence .
You would be short - sighted to assume that the customers ' demands will not continue to increase , and these customers will seek faster and more reliable connections in the near future .
Copper simply will not be cost effective for the last mile , be it coaxial or twisted pair .
Boogeyman
Drive it like you stole it
Premium Member
join:2002-12-17
Wasilla , AK Boogeyman to Rick5
Premium Member to Rick5
No one is upset that they are saying they use fiber in thier network .
People are upset that they are implying that the fiber to the node in TWC 's network is the same as fiber to the home in VZ's .
It would be kind of like a car company saying thier hybrid vehicle was the same as an all electric vehicle just because both of them use batteries as an energy source at some point in the powertrain .
Rick5
Premium Member
join:2001-02-06 Rick5 Premium Member Re : I can't help but to see it differently said by Boogeyman :
People are upset that they are implying that the fiber to the node in TWC 's network is the same as fiber to the home in VZ's .
People are upset that they are implying that the fiber to the node in TWC 's network is the same as fiber to the home in VZ's .
What i've seen them say in their ad's is that they use fiber in their networks too .
Sorry but I missed the part where they ever said that .
What i've seen them say in their ad's is that they use fiber in their networks too .
Boogeyman
Drive it like you stole it
Premium Member
join:2002-12-17
Wasilla , AK Boogeyman Premium Member Re : I can't help but to see it differently
They arent saying it , they are implying it .
Kind of like how hand soap says its antibacterial , but doesnt tell you that it has a fraction of the amount of antibacterial ingredients that the stuff the hospitals use does .
Rick5
Premium Member
join:2001-02-06 Rick5 Premium Member Re : I can't help but to see it differently lol .
but why should n't they be able to IMPLY and SAY what they 've had since 1998 ?
I was getting 1500 k ~ 2000 k speeds coming off RR 's network ... RR's FIBER TO COAXIAL network ... when the rest of the world was heavily engaged in paying AOL for less than 56 k dial up service .
RR 's ENTIRE network is comprised of HFC .. whereas Verizons fios is in but a minor portion of their 's ... with YEARS more needed to fully develop it .
But yet .. Verizon runs around talking about Fiber like it 's the holy grail ..
and TW can't talk about theirs without being accused of " implying " that it 's like Verizon's ?
The MAJORITY of verizons network is much slower DSL than
TW's HFC network is .
Again ..if anyones pumping up the propaganda based on REAL World .. company to company comparisons ..
It 's certainly not TW who is doing it !
jmn1207
Premium Member
join:2000-07-19
Sterling , VA jmn1207 Premium Member Re : I can't help but to see it differently
And I think the FiOS customers promote fiber like it's the holy grail , not Verizon .
The campaigns discussed in the article are being implemented in areas where FiOS is in direct competition with Time Warner Cable 's products .
And I think the FiOS customers promote fiber like it's the holy grail , not Verizon .
Professor666
@mit.edu Professor666 to Rick5
Anon to Rick5
I live in Lexington , Mass and have Verizion FIOS and it is hands down the most reliable and fastest connection I 've ever had .
The internet connection totally blows away the cable modem I had with Comcast and the HD television is superior even to what I 've watched with DIRECTV .
I do n't care who had what first , the only argument I accept is performance and FIOS has it .
bogey7806
join:2004-03-19
Here bogey7806 to Rick5
Member to Rick5
' After all .. they were a decade ahead of the telcos installing it .'
How were the cable companies installing fiber in the 1970s ?
Dilligas
join:2007-10-30
Windsor , ON Dilligas Member Re : I can't help but to see it differently
One simple soulution .
ITS ALL COPPER AT SOME POINT in the network , whether it be at the node or at the side of your house .
Docsis 3 is needed by the cable companies , also the general population is not too technical , people just want the service to work at a decent price .... most of the people that point the finger and say FTTH is better than FTTN might be technically minded but blind when it comes to knowing how all topologies work .
Docsis 3 is needed , less homes per node passed also is needed but to have full blown fiber to the home , only time will tell whether that is the true way to go or save some cash and launch similar services on existing infustructure .
Also too , Cable companies built their fiber networks when it was expensive and more cost effective to build a HFC network .
5 yrs from now if the cable companies decide to upgrade to fiber to the home or even fiber to the tap things will be that much more cheaper .
Verizon is taking a risk at all or nothing when it comes to this .
I defend both FTTH and FTTN but there is alot more coax has to offer than one may think !
RadioDoc
join:2000-05-11
La Grange , IL 1 edit RadioDoc to bogey7806
to bogey 7806
I 'm pretty sure Time Warner was still ATC back in the 70's stringing coax for their 28 channels of stale reruns and bicycled HBO tapes .
Slidetbone
Mazin Go
Premium Member
join:2002-11-10
Land O Lakes , FL Slidetbone to Rick5
Premium Member to Rick5
Ummm ... I believe all networks use / have used fiber for their long haul trunks .
Nothing new , but TWC is twisting the truth a more bit than wee ..
Any copper medium coupled with a fiber feeder is a good transport than all copper / coax .
That too is common knowledge .
Thanks to urban expansion , engineers thought that out very well instead of using copper / coax runs with amplifiers .
But copper / coax does have a frequency limit .
DOCSIS 3 is just an improvement over the present protocol that deals with compressing frequencies more effectively to introduce more " options " like IP v6 ... sort of like cramming 10 pounds of poop in a 5 pound bag .. fiber coupled with coax just eliminates the overall attenuation .
I believe AT&T was the first to use fiber optic as a long haul LD trunk transmission medium ... everyone else followed .
fifty nine
join:2002-09-25
Sussex , NJ fifty nine Member FiOS vs cable , same thing different companies
While all are raving about FiOS being better than HFC , the fact is that they are really similar technologies .
Cable could easily be on par with FiOS if they were n't bogged down with all of their legacy analog channels , made the nodes smaller ( expensive , but not difficult ) , expanded to 1GHz and beyond , and deployed MPEG4 compression .
Like the DTV transition , if you kill off cable analog , grandma is going to complain that you took away her TV .
Not even a free DTA is going to fix that .
She 's going to say " if it aint broke , do n't fix it !!! "
But all of these are baby steps that need to happen , and cable will always play second fiddle to FiOS as long as things remain the way they re .
FiOS ' biggest advantage is that it had a clean slate to start with - it killed off most of the analog pretty early and had the opportunity to spread out its TV channels in the full 860M Hz or so that cable MSOs use today .
On the TV side it is the same as cable , same standards everything .
But I am thankful that FiOS has given the cable monopoly a good wake up call after all of these years .
They sorely needed it .
Heart
@verizon.net Heart Anon Re : FiOS vs cable , same thing different companies Cable providers who use HFC will always be limited .
Those companies have only so much bandwidth that they can toy around with .
That 's because they have three different services over one line .
Since I have FiOS I 'm going to use it for my example .
FiOS has tv on one wavelength , tv on another , and phone on another .
Cable providers have one line which is n't separated .
To other Fiber users ( doesnt matter provider ) I invite someone to try this test .
Try loading Comcast.com and then try Verizon.com and see which comes up first .
Verizon 's always loaded faster than Comcast .
I can claim this because I 've done it .
fifty nine
join:2002-09-25
Sussex , NJ fifty nine Member Re : FiOS vs cable , same thing different companies said by Heart :
Cable providers who use HFC will always be limited .
Those companies have only so much bandwidth that they can toy around with .
That 's because they have three different services over one line .
Since I have FiOS I 'm going to use it for my example .
FiOS has tv on one wavelength , tv on another , and phone on another .
Cable providers have one line which is n't separated .
Cable has different frequencies as well , except that they are radio waves , not light .
The average house drop cable can do up to 3GHz which is plenty of bandwidth for what FiOS offers today , and beyond .
In fact what FiOS offers can be done in 1GHz , which cable providers can do today .
For the TV portion , FiOS uses standard cable equipment and standard cable frequencies .
FiOS is very similar to HFC , except that you are n't sharing your ONT with your neighbors .
But with PON you are in fact sharing the fiber line with 31 other subscribers , while cable shares it with 500 or so .
That does n't matter with regular cable TV because it 's one way .
If cable providers crush the analog and use frequencies above 860MHz for internet access , they will be on par with today 's FiOS for the TV portion of the service , and with DOCSIS3 the internet portion as well .
TV is a one way medium so there 's no bandwidth sharing .
20 MBps , even 100MBps service is absolutely doable with cable .
1 GBps service without significant reductions in service during peak hours can be done with smaller nodes .
To other Fiber users ( doesnt matter provider ) I invite someone to try this test .
Try loading Comcast.com and then try Verizon.com and see which comes up first .
Verizon 's always loaded faster than Comcast .
I can claim this because I 've done it .
That does n't say anything .
Their webservers are n't even on the same network that your connection is on .
Cable has different frequencies as well , except that they are radio waves , not light .
The average house drop cable can do up to 3GHz which is plenty of bandwidth for what FiOS offers today , and beyond .
In fact what FiOS offers can be done in 1GHz , which cable providers can do today .
For the TV portion , FiOS uses standard cable equipment and standard cable frequencies .
FiOS is very similar to HFC , except that you are n't sharing your ONT with your neighbors .
But with PON you are in fact sharing the fiber line with 31 other subscribers , while cable shares it with 500 or so .
That does n't matter with regular cable TV because it 's one way .
If cable providers crush the analog and use frequencies above 860MHz for internet access , they will be on par with today 's FiOS for the TV portion of the service , and with DOCSIS3 the internet portion as well .
TV is a one way medium so there 's no bandwidth sharing .
20 MBps , even 100 MBps service is absolutely doable with cable .
1 GBps service without significant reductions in service during peak hours can be done with smaller nodes .
That does n't say anything .
Their webservers are n't even on the same network that your connection is on .
OSUGoose
join:2007-12-27
Columbus , OH Apple AirPort Extreme ( 2013 )
OSUGoose Member Hey
»www.insightbusiness.com/
··· rise .
php
View the video .
Insight Business , The Power of Fiber Optics .
I find that alot more truthful , then saying Fiber Fed TV or internet like TWC is doing .
At least 1 cable company isent lying ..... View the video .
Insight Business , The Power of Fiber Optics .
I find that alot more truthful , then saying Fiber Fed TV or internet like TWC is doing .
FastiBook
join:2003-01-08
Newtown , PA FastiBook Member Fraud .
Fraudulent misrepresentation .
- A your comment ..
Barack Obama has n't even been inaugurated as president and Sarah Palin is already weighing up her chances of running against him in four years time .
In what Fox News is billing as Palin 's first post-election interview , the Alaska governor says she hopes God will " show her the way " to the White House if the opportunity presents itself in 2012 .
" I 'm like , OK , God , if there is an open door for me somewhere , this is what I always pray , I 'm like , do n't let me miss the open door .
Show me where the open door is .
" Even if it 's cracked up a little bit , maybe I 'll plough right on through that and maybe prematurely plough through it , but do n't let me miss an open door , " she tells the Fox interviewer Greta Van Susteren .
Susteren spent two days with Palin at her home and office , and last night Fox broadcast the first part of a wide - ranging interview with the Republican governor .
During the interview Palin defends herself against criticisms that she had an appalling knowledge of world geography and spent an excessive amount of money on clothes .
She lays the blame on the media for not correcting the " garbage " written about her and on the anonymous Republican aides who leaked false information about her .
According to Palin – wearing a pink jacket bought from one of her favourite Alaska stores - she did not want or ask for the $ 150,000 ( £ 96,000 ) worth of clothes the Republican party gave her for the duration of the campaign .
" I would have been happy to have worn my own clothes from day one , " she says , adding that the clothes she wore for the campaign had been returned to the party .
She also denies accusations that she did not know Africa was a continent rather than a country .
" Never , ever did I talk about , well , gee , is it ( Africa ) a country or is it a continent , " says Palin .
Although it was the not very liberal Fox News which made the Africa claim , Palin pinned much of the blame for the damaging allegations against her on the liberal commentators she refers to as " those bloggers in their parents ' basement just talkin ' garbage " .
There 's little self - criticism or soul - searching from Palin .
Even when she admits going off message , she says she does not regret it because it did not harm the campaign .
" If I went off script once in a while , I can't for the life of me remember any one time where it would have harmed the ticket , " she says .
Abortion , feminism , how much she " loves and honours " the Republican presidential candidate , John McCain , and how her appeal lies in the fact she 's " a mom , someone who loves this country so much " are also covered in last night 's interview .
The second part goes out tonight .
And , if any further evidence were needed that Palin is keen to capitalise on her new - found fame , there are a series of interviews with other broadcasters lined up for the rest of the week and she will take part in a press conference at the Republican Governors Association in Florida on Thursday .
Love her or hate her , she 's clearly not going to just slip back quietly into the Alaskan wilderness .
Space missions are highly complex operations , not only because the satellites or space probes are unique pieces of top - notch intricate high - tech , but also because it is so challenging to get them to their assigned position in space without damage .
The technology used is now being transferred to the car industry to increase comfort .
During its launch into orbit , a satellite is exposed to a number of extreme stresses .
At takeoff the extremely strong engine vibrations are transmitted via the launcher structure to the satellite , which is also exposed to a high - intensity sound levels ( 140 dB and more ) .
The increasing speed of the rocket also leads to aerodynamic strains that turn into a shockwave when the launch vehicle 's velocity jumps from subsonic to supersonic .
That is not all .
When the burned out rocket stages are blasted off and the next stage is fired up , the satellite is exposed to temporary impulsive vibrations .
So how does the satellite survive earthquake - like vibrations , the forces of supersonic shock waves and the pressures of explosive blasts ?
French company ARTEC
Aerospace has developed a vibration and acoustic attenuation technology based on a damping mechanism within the structures , called Smart Passive Damping Device ( SPADD ® ) .
The principle of the technology is to increase the natural damping of a structure by fixing a light energy - dissipating device to it , without modifying the structure 's static behaviour .
SPADD 's damping system is so much superior to traditional dissipation devices that it is considered to be a technological breakthrough in the investigation and research of vibro- acoustics , the area of tackling noise and vibration problems such as those induced by powerful jets or rockets .
The SPADD technology is used on the Ariane launchers and also mounted on board a number of satellites such as Intelsat , Inmarsat , Integral and MetOp .
advertisement
Space technology for the car industry
Based on this space technology , ARTEC Aerospace has developed tools for optimising the damping in non-space structures .
ESA ’s Technology Transfer Programme Office ( TTPO ) supported the transfer of this technology to the car industry through its Technology Transfer Network ( TTN ) .
MST Aerospace , technology broker and leader of TTPO 's TTN , then brought ARTEC Aerospace and its SPADD technology together with German car manufacturer Daimler Chrysler AG .
The design of convertible vehicles is often based on sibling vehicles of the saloon or coupé line of cars .
However , by taking off the top of a self - supporting structure , the convertible ’s structure loses stiffness .
This leads to torsion vibrations that apart from making for an uncomfortable ride , also make the rear view mirror and the steering wheel shake violently ; up to 10 times more than in the saloon version .
At present , the way to correct this is to increase the shell weight of the body but this means that despite the missing top , a convertible weighs around 50 kg more than the saloon version .
ARTEC Aerospace demonstrated to Daimler Chrysler that by using SPADD technology on a Mercedes CLK roadster , stiffening elements of 30 to 40 kg mass could be saved .
Successful road tests followed
Since then , Daimler Chrysler and ARTEC Aerospace have been working on implementing the SPADD technology in specific vehicle lines and finding suitable development partners .
According to Daimler Chrysler and ARTEC , the results of the cooperation are very promising and have been demonstrated through successful road tests of models with different implementation of the technology .
SPADD has the potential to increase the performance of the structure , for geometrical simplification and for mass and cost savings .
The Mayors of San Francisco , Oakland and San Jose got together Thursday afternoon to declare their intention to morph their collective communities into the “ Electric Vehicle Capital of the US . ”
The mayors ’ Nine - Point Plan was bolstered by Palo Alto start - up Better Place ’s announcement that they would begin building the commercial infrastructure that will be necessary in the region by the time EVs begin to hit the market in 2011 .
With Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi and Governor Arnold Schwarzenegger ’s influential advisor David Crane showing their support for strategy , there appears to be a commitment at the local , state and federal levels to make the Bay Area a key player in what some — including Germany ’s Foreign Minister — are optimistically calling President - elect Barack Obama ’s “ Green Deal . ”
“ This type of public - private partnership is exactly what I envisioned when we created the first ever low carbon fuel standard and when the state enacted the zero emissions vehicle program , ” Governor
Schwarzenegger said in a statement celebrating the plan .
Schwarzenegger 's zero emissions vehicle program was stifled in the courts last year as the result of a lawsuit introduced the Bush Administration .
But with a new administration intent on pushing alt fuels , local governments will certainly be throwing elbows in hopes of being in the right spot when and if the federal money spout turns on .
In fact , just a day earlier the city of Portland , Oregon said that it would be working with Renault - Nissan and Pacific Gas and Electric to build a network of EV charging stations with the goal of becoming a
“ global leader ” in zero-emission vehicles .
While it ’s all well and good to declare oneself a “ global leader ” or the “ EV capital of the US ” at a press conference , hopefully very soon these long - delayed alt - fuel - infrastructure initiatives will become more blasé and harder to sell as giant steps for mankind .
Photo by Flickr user internets_dairy .
WASHINGTON — The U.S. military expects to have 20,000 uniformed troops inside the United States by 2011 trained to help state and local officials respond to a nuclear terrorist attack or other domestic catastrophe , according to Pentagon officials .
The long - planned shift in the Defense Department ’s role in homeland security was recently backed with funding and troop commitments after years of prodding by Congress and outside experts , defense analysts said .
There are critics of the change , in the military and among civil - liberties groups and libertarians who express concern that the new homeland emphasis threatens to strain the military and possibly undermine the Posse Comitatus Act , a 130 - year - old federal law restricting the military ’s role in domestic law enforcement .
But the Bush administration and some in Congress have pushed for a heightened homeland military role since the middle of this decade , saying the greatest domestic threat is terrorists exploiting the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction .
Before the terrorist attacks of Sept. 11 , 2001 , dedicating 20,000 troops to domestic response — a nearly sevenfold increase in five years — “ would have been extraordinary to the point of unbelievable , ” Paul McHale , assistant defense secretary for homeland defense , said in remarks last month at the Center for Strategic and International Studies .
But the realization that civilian authorities may be overwhelmed in a catastrophe prompted “ a fundamental change in military culture , ” he said .
The Pentagon ’s plan calls for three rapid - reaction forces to be ready for emergency response by September 2011 .
The first 4,700 - person unit , built around an active - duty combat brigade based at Fort Stewart , Ga. , was available as of Oct. 1 , said Gen. Victor Renuart , commander of the U.S. Northern Command .
If funding continues , two more teams will join nearly 80 smaller National Guard and reserve units made up of about 6,000 troops in supporting local and state officials .
All would be trained to respond to a domestic chemical , biological , radiological , nuclear or high - yield explosive attack .
Last week , Defense Secretary Robert Gates ordered defense officials to review whether the military , Guard and reserves can respond adequately to domestic disasters .
Gates gave commanders 25 days to propose changes and cost estimates .
He cited the work of a congressionally chartered commission , which concluded in January that the forces are not ready and that they lack equipment and training .
Bert Tussing , director of homeland defense and security issues at the U.S. Army War College ’s Center for Strategic Leadership , said the new Pentagon approach “ breaks the mold ” by assigning an active - duty combat brigade to the Northern Command for the first time .
Until now , the military required the command to rely on troops requested from other sources .
“ This is a genuine recognition that this ( job ) is n’t something that you want to have a pickup team responsible for , ” said Tussing , who has assessed the military ’s homeland - security strategies .
The American Civil Liberties Union and the libertarian Cato Institute are troubled by what they consider an expansion of executive authority .
Domestic emergency deployment may be “ just the first example of a series of expansions in presidential and military authority , ” or even an increase in domestic surveillance , said Anna Christensen of the ACLU ’s National Security Project .
And Cato vice president Gene Healy warned of “ a creeping militarization ” of homeland security .
“ There ’s a notion that whenever there ’s an important problem , that the thing to do is to call in the boys in green , ” Healy said , “ and that ’s at odds with our long - standing tradition of being wary of the use of standing armies to keep the peace . ”
Design a personalized gift at Zazzle .
I love encouragement .
If you want me to continue my efforts to have the world understand the truth about Jesus ( that " Reality is better than Jesus . " ) , then please send me a positive comment , or ideas that would help me .
You could also make a donation , but remember , this website is not involved with a registered non-profit organization and therefore , your donation is not tax - deductible for federal income tax purposes .
Email : darwin@atheists.net
Cougars - unyoung women on the prowl DECEMBER - MAY
Melanie Garrett , of Granite Bay and Nick Santoro of Oakland share a conversation during the " Cougars " single party at Faz Restaurant on Thursday Jan. 8 , 2009 , in Danville , Calif .
Melanie Garrett , of Granite Bay and Nick Santoro of Oakland share a conversation during the " Cougars " single party at Faz Restaurant on Thursday Jan. 8 , 2009 , in Danville , Calif .
Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Photo : Michael Macor , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 8 Caption Close Cougars - unyoung women on the prowl 1 / 8 Back to Gallery
Standing tall in a thigh - baring mini dress with a neckline that exposed her ample cleavage , Melanie Garrett , 50 , stood out from the crowd in the Faz restaurant bar in Danville on a recent weeknight , and not just because of her decollete or her 6 - foot frame .
Garrett was clad in seductive black - and not leopard - print clothing , the costume of the hour - although she was , admittedly , on the prowl .
More than 100 guests looking for liaisons , if not love , paid $ 10 each to mingle at the East Bay 's first " Single Cougars Party , " an event sponsored by the Society of Single Professionals , billed as the world 's largest nonprofit for singles .
The aim , according to society founder Rich Gosse , was to help break the age taboos against older women dating younger men .
More experienced women have been dubbed " cougars " for their independent , or , some say , predatory ways .
" It 's more conventional in the Bay Area to be gay than it is to be a cougar , " Gosse said .
" I 'm trying to get cougars out of the closet . "
Garrett , a divorced entrepreneur accustomed to taking risks , had no trouble with that .
She drove 102 miles each way , from Granite Bay , near Sacramento , to the Danville singles party , in her bid for a date .
" Me , a cougar ?
I love hearing that , " she purred , flashing a mane of blond hair and a white smile .
" I 'll date anyone from 18 on up , and I 'm 50 .
Us cougars , we hunt all over . "
The crowd was about 80 percent women , many of them in their 50s , and about 20 percent men , who ranged in age from their mid-20s to their 60s .
Nick Santoro , 26 , a marketing coordinator for an engineering firm , was roped into attending by his friend Paul Lee , 30 , a university administrator from Oakland .
Santoro just happened to be one of the first men Garrett approached .
" What 's the appeal of older women ?
Where do I begin ? " Santoro said .
" Am I into older women ?
Why not ?
I 'm into women , and I thought it would be fun , and it is .
I 'm probably the youngest guy here . "
Lee said role reversal is the key .
" Younger women tend to not know what they want , whereas older women do , " he said .
" It 's attractive , instead of chasing someone , to be chased . "
There is also an appeal , he indicated , in not having to make a commitment .
Older women do n't build their worlds around younger men , he said , because they have careers , full lives and friends .
" I enjoy my life and I want to enhance it , " Lee said .
" I 'm not interested in marriage at this point ; I just want to share moments in my life with someone else .
I think a lot of people in the Bay Area are like me , busy , with hobbies and without a lot of time to go out . "
The term " cougar " is believed to have originated in Vancouver , British Columbia , bars as a derogatory term , according to Valerie Gibson , a Toronto journalist and author of " Cougar : A Guide for Older Women Dating Younger Men , " ( Key Porter Books , 2001 ) .
" I said , ' Wow , cougar ! ' " Gibson recalled in a phone interview last week .
" Even though it meant an older woman drunk in a bar grabbing at a young man , I said , ' That 's a great name .
Cougars are gorgeous , wonderful creatures - sleek , strong , in control of their environment .
What a wonderful image .
What about making it into a positive image ? ' "
Women more in control
Whether it has been Hollywood 's influence , the influence of her book hitting the media or a slow societal shift as women have become more financially successful and independent , women have taken control of their sexuality by leaps and bounds during the seven years since her book came out , Gibson believes .
" When you 're older , you 're supposed to give it up and sit in a rocking chair and knit , " Gibson said .
" Society discarded older women at a certain point because they could n't procreate .
Men tossed them aside , called them ' mutton dressed up as lamb , ' or ' old and foolish , ' " she said .
" Today , women are doing the choosing and the dumping in their sexual lives .
They do n't sit by the phone waiting for a man to call .
They 're not interested in marriage , kids or cohabiting .
They 're interested in good sex and living their lives the way they want to .
They are taking the reins of the relationship , turning it upside down . "
Gosse , founder of the dating society , which organizes events on six continents ( and can be found at www.thepartyhotline.com), is also the author of several books on dating , including " You Can Hurry Love . "
He said he knows from experience that dating older women can be pleasurable , and he is trying to create a cultural shift .
He started his singles society - which has no religious affiliation - at the Unitarian Church in San Rafael in 1978 .
Back then , as now , he said , it was hard to find people to date , and " I had to date older women or not date at all , " he said .
" There have always been older women at singles ' parties .
We 're just trying to make it socially acceptable . "
His first official cougars party was held last year at Park Chalet in San Francisco ; a second was held in Palo Alto .
The fourth official cougars event will be a Valentine 's Ball on Feb. 12 at Trader Vic's in Emeryville .
He said he hopes that more young men will realize that older women are mature , comfortable with their personalities and accomplished .
Today , compared with previous generations , women are more physically fit , and with visits to the dermatologist and hair salon , appear more youthful than their grandmothers did at the same age .
" Cougars are more interesting than bimbos you can meet in bars , " he said , unapologetically .
" The men their age are out of shape , bald and need Viagra .
The cougars ' biggest complaint is that men their age do n't have the same energy level .
Young guys are not only better looking but have higher energy , too . "
Definition of a cougar
There is some disagreement on the definition of a cougar .
The Web site Therealcougarwoman.com , calls a cougar as " sexy , smart , independent ... and ... over 40 , " while Dateacougar.com has listings for purported cougars all of 18 or 35 years old seeking men , perhaps playing with the notion of aggressive love - hunting while identifying with the cougar moniker .
Anita Blake , 55 , a medical sales representative from Pleasanton who was married for 20 years and divorced four years ago , attended the party with friend Sue Sunder , 55 , of San Ramon , a radio frequency coordinator for the NFL , who was married for 17 years .
Blake said she dislikes the term " cougar " because of its negative connotations .
Nevertheless , she went to the event to get out and meet people , and found herself perched on a chair next to Bob Leisure , 46 , a project manager from San Mateo .
He had gone to the bar to watch football after work .
" This place was empty at 6 p.m. and at 7 , I found myself surrounded by attractive women wearing name tags who are extremely friendly - unlike a typical meat market , where they 're overly pretentious and unfriendly , " he said .
Turning to Blake , he said , " You 're fun !
It 's all about having a good time . "
Turning to a reporter , he added , with a smile , " I never thought this would happen tonight . "
Prefers older women
Across the room , Eugene Leeung , 26 , a software engineer from Berkeley , who considered himself dressed up in a T - shirt and jeans , said he liked dating older women .
When he was 22 , he dated someone who was 42 .
" She knew what she wanted , " he said .
" Mature women do n't play games . "
Now , for the big question :
Do cougars want relationships ?
" It depends , " said Garrett , who slipped away from the bar with someone she met so they could grab a bite of food in the dining room .
" It 's however it works out - except if they 're too young , like under 30 .
I would n't want to hinder them from experiencing the things I 've experienced , or keep them from living life to the fullest . "
Calling all cougars A Valentine 's party for single cougars will be held from 7 to 9 p.m. Feb. 12 at Trader Vic's , 9 Anchor Drive , Emeryville .
The event , open to single women of all ages and men who would like to date them , is sponsored by the Society of Single Professionals .
Tickets are $ 10 at the door .
Appetizers will be served during the first hour .
Dress to impress .
For information , call ( 415 ) 507-9962 .
The Society of Single Professionals is a nonprofit group that says it hosts events on six continents .
In the Bay Area , the society 's Web site lists 170 organizations with events for singles to meet and greet .
Follow links to " Singles Guide to the Bay Area . "
The group also sponsors 150 parties a year .
For information , go to www.thepartyhotline.com.
Catch Me If You Can
The retro animated intro to Catch Me If You Can perfectly sets the scene and time period .
Se7en
A wonderfully creepy title sequence that perfectly sets the mood for the film you ’re about to watch .
Superbad
It ’s amazing how much personality can be expressed in a simple silhouette .
Charade
There were a lot of animated opening title sequences in the 60’s — this one is my personal favorite .
Casino Royale ( 2006 )
In an effort to re-invent the franchise the infamous James Bond title sequence was overhauled .
The result was a visually pleasing intro that still pays its respects to the original .
Sweeney Todd A lot of Tim Burton ’s films sport fantastic title sequences but Sweeney Todd ’s is especially great .
The creepy atmosphere and music combined with the dark imagery sets the tone very nicely .
The Good , The Bad and The Ugly Vibrant colors , great animation and an amazing score .
This title sequence has it all .
Fight Club
One amazing sequence starts at a microscopic level and continues to expand outward until we are looking down the barrel of a gun .
Unfortunately , the embedding of the opening sequence in this post was disabled by request .
You need to watch the video on YouTube .
The Pink Panther ( 1963 ) We would be remiss not to include the original Pink Panther in this list .
Definitely a favorite .
Thank You For Smoking A very clever title sequence with the credits written on vintage cigarette packaging .
Fahrenheit 451
In a world where the simple act of reading has been outlawed it only makes sense to have the titles read to you .
Delicatessen Just beautiful in all respects .
A wonderful use of practical effects — they do n’t make ‘em like this anymore .
Alien A very slow paced , minimalist title sequence .
The result is nothing but haunting .
Bunny Lake Is Missing
The concept is fairly simple but it ’s so well done and the final result works beautifully .
Kiss Kiss Bang Bang
Another great example of a contemporary film featuring an old school animated introduction .
Vertigo Vertigo features a masterfully crafted and almost hypnotic title sequence .
A perfect opening to the film .
Panic Room
This is the third David Fincher movie to make this list , it seems the man can appreciate a great title sequence .
This is a very basic concept yet it ’s brilliantly executed .
Dr. Strangelove Wonderful imagery combined with the hand written text makes for a very unique and memorably title sequence .
Eurotrip
Say what you will about the movie , this is one creative and well - executed title sequence .
Pi This is a great example of an amazing and original title sequence done on a shoe string budget .
North By Northwest
A series of intersecting lines form into a skyscraper .
Very cool effect , especially for the time .
American Splendor
It only makes sense for a film about a comic book creator to have the credits in a comic book fashion .
Reservoir Dogs
To this day every time I walk down the street in a suit and sunglasses “ little green bag ” inevitably pops into my head .
It ’s a Mad , Mad , Mad , Mad World A very funny animated sequence to kick off this comedy classic .
Halloween A very simple yet ominous title sequence .
Live and Let Die The James Bond franchise really understood the beauty of a great title sequence .
Though we only included one classic in this list , the rest are here in spirit .
American Psycho
The credits for American Psycho play as many mind games on you as the film itself .
Great attention to typography .
Warning : Course Language !
Psycho ( 1960 )
This brilliantly crafted title sequence has a lot of fun with typography and presentation .
Spiderman 2
An amazing title sequence that pays its respects to the original source ; the comic book .
Honorable Mentions
There were so many titles we wanted to include in this list but did n’t quite make the cut for one reason or another — in most cases because we just could n’t find a video sequence in the Web or because the quality of the video was not good enough .
Readers ’ Suggestions
2001 : A Space Odyssey
A very simple , yet powerful opening that perfectly sets the atmosphere for the film .
Stranger than Fiction
To Kill A Mocking Bird ( 1962 )
Kingdom .
Further Reading
Related Posts
You may want to take a look at the following related articles :
With lockdowns across the world because of the Corona Virus , now is the time to binge on your favorite TV shows and films .
But with so many choices available it can be difficult to know what set - up you should get .
And what is going to work best for your needs and in your area ?
Two options are Roku vs Apple TV .
Both provide for some top-quality entertainment in different ways .
Here are some key differences to help you make up your mind .
1. Apple TV has Apple ’s Streaming Service
Apple recently launched its streaming service Apple TV +
This includes a host of original shows and films .
Oprah Winfrey has a book club and topical show exclusive to Apple TV + and there are also some great original films such as The Banker .
This is a film about two black businessmen in the 1950s who wanted to lend money and rent out the property at a time when racial segregation laws were still in force and the Civil Rights movement was in its infancy .
Also included on the streaming service are films such as Finding Dory , the sequel to Finding Nemo .
As Apple TV + has only been in operation for a few months , the collection is not as big as some other streaming services .
However , it is only available on Apple devices .
If you buy a new Apple device such as the MacBook Pro 16inch , you will receive Apple TV + for free for a year .
Apple TV is also the best 4 k streaming device so you will be able to watch films in high quality .
2. Apple ’s Remote
Another great feature of Apple ’s TV product is its remote control .
The latest version contains voice control and acts as a pointer .
In your hand , it feels like a trackpad and is beautifully designed .
Roku ’s remote is more like a standard remote that contains buttons .
The handy thing about it though is the remote does contain specific buttons to launch Netflix and Amazon .
On Apple ’s remote , you have to navigate to the onscreen menu .
This makes it one of the streaming devices .
3. Roku Is More Open
Apple is notorious for being guarded with its technology and not being as open to third parties as Roku .
There are many official apps available for Apple TV but if you are looking for a more open system Roku might be a better option .
The downside to Roku though is that authorities in Mexico City have recently launched a lawsuit against them because of the propensity for users to use the service for illegally downloaded content .
Be sure to read Peter Faricy on Amazon streaming if you are looking for another alternative to Roku and Apple TV .
Roku vs Apple TV : It Depends on Your Preference
It ’s clear that Apple TV provides a more user - friendly and professional experience compared to Roku .
But Apple ’s systems are more closed so if you want to download your own third - party content to play on the screen then you might be better off with Roku .
Apple ’s controller is also much more user friendly then Roku ’s and has a much better feel and look .
If you are interested in reading more about Roku vs Apple TV or the best streaming stick then be sure to check out the rest of our site for more .
We just got done talking with Alabama coach
Nick Saban
, some about the Florida game , but most about the fact that
Tommy Tuberville
is
out at Auburn
.
And seriously ,
he was shaken
.
He was frustrated for his profession and maybe a little angry .
" I really question some of the judgment , " Saban said , " relative to how it is for our game that people who have those kind of relationships and have done that kind of job and affected so many people in a positive way -- and have had a reasonable amount of success relative to their circumstances -- would not be given more respect and consideration than what these guys have been .
So I guess we 're 5 - 7 away from the same thing . "
Wow .
Tuberville might have been a rival that he beat 36 - 0 and all that , but Saban 's feelings on the situation did not remain hidden .
At one point answering the three questions about it , he paused for roughly 10 seconds and shook his head in disgust .
He actually began the news conference discussing three coaches who are no longer employed in the SEC : Phillip Fulmer at Tennessee , Sylvester Croom at Mississippi State , and Tuberville with the Tigers .
" There have been several coaches that have been let go in our league that have a pretty good body of work behind them , " Saban said .
" They 've been really good coaches .
They 've been really good for the game .
They 've been good for a lot of players , and they 've had very , very good programs .
I 've talked about Phillip .
I 've never really ever talked about Sly -- Sylvester -- and Tommy .
Those guys are really good coaches .
They 've done a good job for a long time .
They 've got a tremendous body of work . "
By the way , I asked Saban if his 12 - 0 record , his recruiting success and all the positivity surrounding the Crimson Tide affected Auburn .
" Should n't , " he said .
" I would think not .
It certainly should n't have .
( Long pause ) .
I just think that , total body of work ...
And when you see a program start to lose toughness , discipline , those types of things , that 's one thing .
That 's not the case .
That was n't the case at Tennessee , it was n't the case at Mississippi State , it was n't the case anywhere . "
So there you go ...
Houston Rockets General Manager Daryl
Morey does n’t play video games for fun or fantasy .
Morey uses the EA Sports NBA game for professional reasons .
He uses it to help evaluate talent .
Morey says he is a statistical junky , an admirer of Oakland Athletics General Manager Billy Beane and a mathematical nerd .
“ I ’ve always loved numbers , ” Morey said .
“ I do n’t play EA Sports as a game .
I use it as a tool . ”
While the kids plug in NBA 08 to “ ooh ” and “ aah ” over how real it looks when Kobe Bryant dunks or LeBron James runs the court and finishes , Morey plugs in for more serious purposes .
“ Say if you ’re thinking about acquiring Ron Artest , ” Morey said from Hawaii , where he was evaluating talent in person at the Maui Classic college tournament .
Advertisement
“ On the game , you can see how adding Artest can change the dynamic of your team .
You can program it to run offensive sets with Artest and any combination of your players . ”
Morey said that even this early in the season , there are enough statistics available to evaluate rookies such as Minnesota ’s Kevin Love ( from UCLA ) and Memphis ’ O.J. Mayo ( from USC )
“ For example , you can tell how often , if Love throws an outlet pass , how often his team scores on the possession , ” Morey said .
“ You can tell how often Mayo goes right versus left , how effective the team is with Mayo pulling up and shooting versus when he pulls up and passes instead . ”
According to the NBA , about half the teams are using the video game as part of personnel evaluation .
In the quiet of his office , Morey said he can see how often a player posts up and gets shots on cuts to the basket as well as about defensive and offensive tendencies .
Advertisement
So what is Morey doing in Maui ?
Just sipping mai tais on the beach ?
“ Simulation is great and will have a bigger and bigger place in the process , ” Morey said .
“ But at the end of the day you ca n’t simulate a player being out too late the night before or his body language on the bench or how he interacts with teammates .
Some things you have to do in person . ”
Especially if the games are in Maui .
Digital fun
Advertisement
If you are a fan of shows such as “ The Office ” ( British and American versions ) , the Ricky Gervais sitcom “ Extras ” of a couple of years ago or Larry David ’s “ Curb Your Enthusiasm , ” then you will appreciate Kenny Mayne ’s new project called “ Mayne Street . ”
It ’s an ESPN digital production and totally a creation of Mayne ’s skewed , cynical and very funny mind .
The loose plot is that the episodes , which debut each Tuesday and Friday on ESPN.com , are a fictional and digital diary of a guy ( Mayne ) working for a network ( gee , wonder which one ? ) .
The episodes are three to five minutes long .
On the first installment , Mayne is anchoring a “ SportsCenter ” segment and he has trouble coming up with an exit line .
“ Even for those of you who use this only for background during sex , thanks for watching ‘ SportsCenter , ’ ” Mayne says .
Advertisement
Scott Van Pelt is playing Mayne ’s co-host .
Van
Pelt ’s look of dismay is priceless .
Mayne said he had proposed the idea originally to run on television .
“ It got put on a back burner , ” he said .
“ When my contract came back up , I proposed it again .
We decided to try it online only first . ”
The first couple of episodes have drawn an average of 2.5 million web hits .
Mayne said future episodes will feature Boston Celtics guard Ray Allen and celebrity chef Bobby Flay .
What to watch today
Advertisement
It will be a little like taking medicine , this UCLA at Arizona State football game at 6:30 p.m. on ESPN2 .
The Bruins need a win to keep slim bowl hopes alive ( hopes that will most certainly be crushed next week against USC . . . and , yes , I do remember 13 - 9 , I ’ve seen the T - shirts ) .
Arizona State was in early - season conversations as a possible Pacific 10 and national title contender .
The Sun Devils are 4 - 6 .
What to watch Saturday
It ’s a college football buffet , and so many games matter .
Kansas at Missouri at 9:30 a.m. ; Auburn at Alabama , Baylor at Texas Tech and Florida at Florida State all at 12:30 p.m. ( national title hopes could be affected by all three games ) ; Oregon at Oregon State at 4 , Oklahoma at Oklahoma State and Notre Dame at USC at 5 .
What to watch Sunday
Advertisement
In women ’s college basketball , No. 4 Oklahoma is at No. 1 Connecticut at 5:15 p.m. on ESPN .
Yes , I know about the NFL but sometimes it ’s nice to mix it up a little .
--
diane.pucin@latimes.com
In a few short months , Barack Obama will inherit the highest office in the land and , along with it , the worst in the last century .
Obama made the promise of economic restoration the keystone of his campaign .
Indeed , many pundits credit his landslide victory to the recent economic implosion .
Beating out an unhip old man who has about as much charisma as a mailbox and is eerily reminiscent of Bob Dole for the presidency is not exactly a challenging endeavor , but fixing the economy most certainly is .
Obama has emerged triumphant in the election , but now the real work must commence : getting a nation back on its feet .
The Problems
Unless you have been cryogenically frozen for the last two months , you probably have a fairly solid idea of what has happened to the U.S. economy .
Before explaining how Obama can resurrect our economy , we ’ll provide a brief synopsis of the many economic ills that plague our nation :
The Financial Crisis .
This ominous phrase has come to encompass so many things , but we will pare down the definition a bit to make it more manageable .
The financial crisis refers to the plummeting stock market , on which so many aging Americans rely for their retirement nest egg .
Moreover , the crisis also references the anticipated spike in layoffs and the general concern of every Joe Six Pack in America about how he will possibly be able to afford that next six pack .
It ’s just not as catchy if he has to become Joe 40 oz . in the interest of frugality .
This ominous phrase has come to encompass so many things , but we will pare down the definition a bit to make it more manageable .
The financial crisis refers to the plummeting stock market , on which so many aging Americans rely for their retirement nest egg .
Moreover , the crisis also references the anticipated spike in layoffs and the general concern of every Joe Six Pack in America about how he will possibly be able to afford that next six pack .
It ’s just not as catchy if he has to become Joe 40 oz . in the interest of frugality .
Housing & Mortgages .
The housing and subprime mortgage crisis has been lurking about a good while now and does n’t seem to be going away anytime soon .
Foreclosures have hit the so - called “ Sun Belt ” particularly hard , leaving many wondering how they will ever be able to keep their homes .
The housing and subprime mortgage crisis has been lurking about a good while now and does n’t seem to be going away anytime soon .
Foreclosures have hit the so - called “ Sun Belt ” particularly hard , leaving many wondering how they will ever be able to keep their homes .
Taxes .
Democrats contend that we live in a consumer - driven economy , which means that if consumers stop consuming , we are all in trouble .
Ergo , if the middle class feels a financial pinch , the entire economy experiences a deleterious ripple effect .
Left - leaning economists advocate the reduction of the tax burden on the middle class to ameliorate economic woes , as the middle class is the largest consumer group in the country .
Democrats contend that we live in a consumer - driven economy , which means that if consumers stop consuming , we are all in trouble .
Ergo , if the middle class feels a financial pinch , the entire economy experiences a deleterious ripple effect .
Left - leaning economists advocate the reduction of the tax burden on the middle class to ameliorate economic woes , as the middle class is the largest consumer group in the country .
Healthcare .
Medical costs continue to rise exponentially , as does the number of uninsured people in America .
Healthcare costs have risen four times faster than wages over the last six years .
Basic healthcare is quickly becoming unaffordable for the average American family , which is an economic as well as a moral concern .
Medical costs continue to rise exponentially , as does the number of uninsured people in America .
Healthcare costs have risen four times faster than wages over the last six years .
Basic healthcare is quickly becoming unaffordable for the average American family , which is an economic as well as a moral concern .
Energy .
If you think the state of the economy is grim , look at the state of the planet and suddenly it does n’t look so bad .
The polar ice caps are melting , global warming remains unrelenting , and we as a country continue to leave a goliath carbon footprint .
Rising gas prices are vexing , yes , but they are truly the least of our worries when the planet itself is in peril .
Here He Comes to Save the Day !
So , in a nutshell , things are bad .
The issue that most concerned voters , as cited in exit polls , was the state of the economy , something that the Obama / Biden ticket has sworn they will fix .
You may ask yourself , how will a man who served a paltry 143 days in the Senate before campaigning to lead the free world fix an economy that ’s a bigger hot mess than Courtney Love ?
To be sure , it ’s an unlikely tale .
However , we ask you to remember that Superman was just a small - town alien boy from Kansas , Batman was just an orphan with billions of dollars , and Jesus was just a blue - collar / white - robe carpenter .
Clearly , anything is possible .
Here is Barack Obama ’s plan to rescue our ailing economy :
Kickstart the Economy .
The Obama / Biden plan includes a provision to tax “ excessive ” oil company profits in order to provide American families with a $ 1,000 tax rebate to help them pay rising energy bills .
Additionally , Obama would devote $ 25 billion to a State Growth Fund to prevent cuts in various forms of public assistance , and another $ 25 billion to a Jobs & Growth Fund to forestall anticipated cuts of more than one million jobs .
The Obama / Biden plan includes a provision to tax “ excessive ” oil company profits in order to provide American families with a $ 1,000 tax rebate to help them pay rising energy bills .
Additionally , Obama would devote $ 25 billion to a State Growth Fund to prevent cuts in various forms of public assistance , and another $ 25 billion to a Jobs & Growth Fund to forestall anticipated cuts of more than one million jobs .
Tax Relief for the Middle Class .
Obama and Company would cut income taxes for working families by $ 1,000 .
The Obama economic plan also calls for the elimination of the income tax for senior citizens making less than $ 50,000 per year .
As an added bonus , Obama wants to simplify the filing process in order to enable millions of Americans to do their taxes in fewer than five minutes .
What a guy , that Obama .
Obama and Company would cut income taxes for working families by $ 1,000 .
The Obama economic plan also calls for the elimination of the income tax for senior citizens making less than $ 50,000 per year .
As an added bonus , Obama wants to simplify the filing process in order to enable millions of Americans to do their taxes in fewer than five minutes .
What a guy , that Obama .
Trade .
Obama supports “ fair ” trade with foreign nations , meaning he encourages free trade to the extent that it does not encroach on American jobs .
His plan would include amending NAFTA to benefit American workers , ending tax breaks for corporations that outsource jobs to foreign nations , and offering benefits to companies that support American jobs with good benefits .
Obama supports “ fair ” trade with foreign nations , meaning he encourages free trade to the extent that it does not encroach on American jobs .
His plan would include amending NAFTA to benefit American workers , ending tax breaks for corporations that outsource jobs to foreign nations , and offering benefits to companies that support American jobs with good benefits .
Job Creation .
The Obama economic plan endeavors to invest in the manufacturing sector to improve efficiency and technology .
The plan also specifies a provision that would boost the renewable energy sector by requiring 25 % of American electricity to be derived from renewable resources by 2025 .
The administration estimates that these various investments will create roughly five million “ green ” jobs .
The Obama economic plan endeavors to invest in the manufacturing sector to improve efficiency and technology .
The plan also specifies a provision that would boost the renewable energy sector by requiring 25 % of American electricity to be derived from renewable resources by 2025 .
The administration estimates that these various investments will create roughly five million “ green ” jobs .
Defend Labor .
An Obama administration would work to enhance the ability of workers to form labor unions .
The minimum wage would be raised and pinned to the inflation index to ensure that it keeps pace with the rising cost of living .
The economic rescue plan of Obama and Biden also calls for the ban of the permanent replacement of striking workers .
An Obama administration would work to enhance the ability of workers to form labor unions .
The minimum wage would be raised and pinned to the inflation index to ensure that it keeps pace with the rising cost of living .
The economic rescue plan of Obama and Biden also calls for the ban of the permanent replacement of striking workers .
Protect Homeowners .
Obama seeks to provide a tax credit for all middle - class homeowners to help ease the mortgage crunch .
In addition , his administration would crack down on fraudulent lenders and brokers , as well as ensuring that borrowers have true and complete information about their home loans .
Obama seeks to provide a tax credit for all middle - class homeowners to help ease the mortgage crunch .
In addition , his administration would crack down on fraudulent lenders and brokers , as well as ensuring that borrowers have true and complete information about their home loans .
Stop Predatory Lending .
Through the establishment of a five - star rating system , Obama and Biden hope to better inform borrowers of the risk they are assuming with every credit card .
The pair would also like to impose a universal 36 % rate cap on payday loans to prevent struggling Americans from getting saddled with outlandish APRs .
The Secret Weapon : A New Treasury Secretary
One of the most daunting tasks facing our next president is the selection of a new Treasury Secretary .
Speculation as to whom Obama will pick has risen to a frenzy in recent days , with New York Federal Reserve Bank president Timothy Geithner topping the short list .
Geithner worked closely with the Treasury Secretary during the Clinton era , Robert Rubin .
To his credit , Geithner tried to ring the alarm bells about the impending crisis on Wall Street long before the meltdown occurred .
He admonished the country about the danger and uncertainty of credit derivatives , a commodity lawmakers much later decided did in fact require more federal oversight .
Geithner is a political independent , a maverick , if you will , and has been a civil servant all his life .
Another possibility is Laurence Summers , another relic of the Clinton years .
During Summers ’ tenure as Secretary , America enjoyed its longest period of economic growth in history .
However , Summers might also be a liability to Obama ’s noble attempts to save an ailing economy .
Summers had a hand in passing legislation that many critics say eroded the division between Wall Street and commercial banks and banned the regulation of credit swaps , both of which may have played a role in the current crisis on Wall Street .
Last week I took you through the Highrise signup chart redesign .
This week I want to talk about part of the Highrise home page redesign that we ’ve already redesigned .
The design is alive – we ’re making a lot of small tweaks post launch .
Original :
In the cards
When we launched the new Highrise site , we had a block in the middle of the page that looked like this :
Three “ cards ” as we call them .
Each card highlighting a major feature of Highrise .
The idea was to rotate these cards every once in a while .
They looked good and gave the page a nice splash of color , but they did n’t communicate very well .
We were using 163,566 pixels , but we were n’t really saying anything .
Redesigned :
In the icons
So we decided to make a change .
Instead of using all that space to advertise three features , we thought we ’d try using it to communicate eight benefits instead .
So in a couple hours we came up with this :
Eight benefits , concisely explained , each with an icon for some color and identity .
Now that block says something .
There ’s more to swallow , but it ’s easy going down .
And it ’s only 98 pixels taller than the cards design .
Here ’s the overlay ( the red is the extra height ) :
Patricia Muñoz Ríos
Una “ ficha ” ( constancia ) del Sindicato de Trabajadores Petroleros de la República Mexicana ( STPRM ) para que una persona obtenga un empleo en Petróleos Mexicanos ( Pemex ) se cotiza a entre 50 mil y 70 mil pesos , ya que son vendidas “ al mejor postor ” por dirigentes y otros miembros de los comités seccionales de todo el país , que comercian impunemente con las mismas , denunciaron afectados ; agregaron que miles de personas han sido defraudadas , ya que han entregado dinero a cambio de la promesa de una plaza en la empresa paraestatal , pero no les han cumplido .
Fabiola Martínez
Gabriel León Zaragoza
Como ningún otro líder gremial , el del Sindicato de Trabajadores Petroleros de la República Mexicana ( STPRM ) , Carlos Romero Deschamps , ha recibido durante más de 15 años “ apoyos económicos ” para sus gastos de representación , los cuales superan los 409 millones de pesos .
Jesús Aranda
Ángeles Cruz Martínez
Hoy se publica en el Diario Oficial de la Federación la Ley General del Sistema Nacional de Seguridad Pública , la cual define las bases de coordinación entre la Federación , el Distrito Federal , los estados y los municipios en el combate a la criminalidad , además de que formaliza la regulación de las estructuras de prevención y combate del delito .
Gabriel León Zaragoza
Gabriel León Zaragoza
El año recién concluido ha sido “ atroz ” para Guerrero , consideró el Centro de Derechos Humanos de la Montaña Tlachinollan , y afirmó que la violencia en la entidad evidenció “ el fracaso ” de las políticas para el combate al crimen organizado puestas en marcha por el gobierno de Felipe Calderón , apoyadas por fuerzas castrenses .
Gustavo Castillo García
De la redacción
De la redacción
De los corresponsales
Durante unas cuatro horas , elementos del Ejército y fuerzas federales de apoyo se enfrentaron ayer con presuntos narcotraficantes en el municipio de Torreón , Coahuila .
De la redacción
De la redacción
Ciro Pérez Silva
Aunque la dirigencia nacional del PAN cifra sus esperanzas de alcanzar la mayoría en el Congreso en los “ logros ” que en dos años de gobierno ha conseguido Felipe Calderón , principalmente por los grandes decomisos de droga , armas y dinero , así como la Operación Limpieza en todas las áreas encargadas de la lucha contra el crimen organizado , para las dirigencias del PRI y del PRD esos “ logros ” se han visto rebasados por la creciente inseguridad y la crisis económica , por lo que , consideran , los votos no tendrán para el blanquiazul la tendencia que este partido ...
Georgina Saldierna .
Hermann Bellinghausen ( Enviado )
Oventic , Chis. 1 º de enero .
“ Los zapatistas , los pueblos indígenas que nos propusimos luchar por un mundo mejor y más humano , empezamos a ser más perseguidos y golpeados en todos los aspectos por los malos gobernantes de nuestro país , los poderosos y los partidos políticos ” , señaló ayer el comandante David en el discurso central de la celebración por los primeros tres lustros del levantamiento armado del Ejército Zapatista de Liberación Nacional ( EZLN ) .
Elio Henríquez , corresponsal
Gustavo Castillo García
La “ posición radicaloide del todo o nada llevó al fracaso al movimiento social gestado en Oaxaca en 2006 , ya que en octubre de ese año los representantes de la Secretaría de Gobernación aceptaron resolver todas las peticiones de manera favorable , hasta algo que no se había pedido : mil millones de pesos para la reactivación económica de la capital del estado .
Fabiola Martínez
Al término de la primera ronda de exámenes de control de confianza aplicados a los 4 mil 200 trabajadores del Instituto Nacional de Migración ( INM ) , medio centenar de ellos optaron por renunciar , 38 fueron cambiados de adscripción , 20 remitidos al Órgano Interno de Control y sólo tres fueron enviados al Ministerio Público .
A estos últimos se les vincula con redes de extorsión o tráfico de personas .
De la Redacción
Enrique Méndez
Ciro Pérez Silva
La bancada del PRD en la Cámara de Diputados “ no permitirá en 2009 una reforma laboral que genere más desempleo , más pérdida del poder adquisitivo del salario y de los derechos de los trabajadores ” , advirtió la legisladora federal Rosario Ortiz Magallón , quien adelantó que se estaría convocando a que los patrones vean que la salida a una crisis económica “ no es eliminar a la clase obrera de su país , sino fortalecerla para que la productividad tenga un efecto real ” .
Enrique Méndez
David Carrizales ( Corresponsal )
De la Redacción
Es necesario instaurar medidas de vigilancia y sanciones a los propietarios de las tiendas , restaurantes y talleres establecidos en centrales de autobuses , aeropuertos y carreteras del país que excedan o alteren los precios de los productos o servicios , señaló el diputado federal del PRD Rafael Villicaña García .
Angélica Enciso L .
Enrique Méndez
La Comisión de Salud de la Cámara de Diputados rechazó modificar la Ley General de Salud para acotar la publicidad de “ comida chatarra ” en televisión y exhortar a la Secretaría de Salud ( Ssa ) a realizar un estudio que determine el sobrepeso en menores de edad y su relación con la publicidad comercial , por considerar que las responsables de la obesidad infantil son las madres , por los alimentos que proporcionan a sus hijos diariamente .
The Engineer 's teleporters can now be upgraded to level three .
It will recharge faster the higher level it is
The Engineer 's dispensers can now be upgraded to level three .
It will give out metal and heal faster as it is upgraded
Spies will be able to recharge their cloaking ability by picking up ammo off of the ground or from health cabinets
Some changes to the second part of the first stage of Goldrush to give the attackers more of an advantage
Any weapons that fire bullets ( shotguns , sniper 's machine gun , heavy 's minigun , etc. ) can now break apart the Demoman 's stickybombs
The icon on the HUD for a person calling for Medic will now give more information to the medic ( if the target is low on health , on fire , etc . )
Added an achievement tracker that will allow people to choose specific achievements that they are trying to get
There is now a custom icon for death messages when the player was killed from a critical hit
Added a new particle effect for when a player enters the water
Added smoke to the feet of a rocket jumping soldier
Players will now have some particles swirling around them so other players can see when they are overhealed
Updates to Team Fortress 2 have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The specific changes include :
Like everything else in life , getting drunk is something worth learning how to do right .
Unfortunately , a lot of what we know about drinking and drunkenness we learned from our friends , while everyone involved was , you guessed it , drunk .
So let 's take a moment to debunk some of these rumors while we 're all sober ( most of us anyway ) .
Advertisement
5 " Let Him Sleep it Off " This myth probably stems from most people 's desire to do as little work as possible while getting shit faced .
Basically , the theory is that if someone drinks to the point of passing out , the best option is to toss them in bed and , like magic , they 'll be fine after a little sleep .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement Finishing said friend 's lukewarm forty of Colt .45 after returning to the party is strictly optional .
Especially on high school chicks !
The Truth : Tossing a friend in bed after they 've passed out drunk is a fantastic idea , provided you 're hoping your friend drowns in their own vomit .
Passing out and falling asleep are n't the same thing .
Someone who has passed out as a result of alcohol intoxication is unlikely to be awakened by the need to hurl .
If they happen to be lying on their back when the spewing starts , the chunks have nowhere to go except into the lungs .
Tell Hendrix we say hi !
What You Should Do Instead : Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Lay them on their side and , between shots of tequila , try to check and make sure they have n't stopped breathing at some point .
If their breathing becomes irregular or they start vomiting without waking up , they have alcohol poisoning .
Call for help .
In the morning , they 'll thank you for being responsible and taking care of them in their time of need .
At least until they see the collage of swastikas and penises you drew on their face and arms .
Bitch .
Related :
AskMen Top 99 Women 2009 Edition ( Photos )
AskMen.com has published their annual list of the most desirable women , as determined by 10 million readers who voted .
Judged on intelligence , humor , charisma and ambition , the month long process is complete and the top 99 women have been revealed .
Landing at the top of the list is
We 've included photos of the top 10 and will provide a link to the entire group of lovely ladies .
They are Megan Fox ( 2 ) , Marisa Miller ( 3 ) , Keeley Hazell ( 4 ) , Anne Hathaway ( 5 ) , Alessandra Ambrosio ( 6 ) , Scarlett Johansson ( 7 ) , Rihanna ( 8 ) , Kristen Bell ( 9 ) and Kate Beckinsale ( 10 ) .
Suddenly , Rockefeller pushed his pursuer away , put his daughter down , yanked the car door open , and pulled the child into the limo so fast that she hit her head on the doorframe .
“ Go! Go ! ” he shouted , and the driver stepped on the gas , dragging the social worker , who had hold of the back - door handle , several yards before he let go and fell to the pavement .
Within minutes , according to Rockefeller ’s indictment , he told the driver to pull over .
Then he hailed a cab , explaining to the limo driver that he wanted to take his daughter to Massachusetts General Hospital in order to make sure the bump on her head was not serious .
He instructed the limo driver to wait for him in a nearby parking lot .
The driver did as he was told , and waited approximately two hours , but his $ 3,000 customer never showed up .
Meanwhile , Rockefeller had taken the taxi to the Boston Sailing Center , where one of his many female friends was waiting for him .
She had agreed to drive him to New York in her white Lexus for $ 500 .
“ Hurry ! , ” Rockefeller implored her , saying that he and Snooks had to catch a train that would get them to a boat launch on Long Island by eight p.m .
Soon after they arrived in Manhattan , they got stuck in traffic near Grand Central Terminal .
In a flash , Rockefeller swept up his daughter , threw an envelope full of cash onto the front seat , and took off without even saying good - bye .
Then the woman ’s cell phone rang .
It was a friend asking if she had seen the Amber Alert concerning Clark Rockefeller ’s abduction of his daughter .
That was when she realized that she had been fooled into providing the transportation for what the Boston district attorney would later charge was a custodial kidnapping .
( Rockefeller has also been charged with assault and battery by means of a deadly weapon [ the limo ] , assault and battery , and furnishing a false name to the police . )
Back in Boston , in a suite at the Four Seasons Hotel , Rockefeller ’s ex-wife , Sandra Boss — a Harvard Business School graduate earning an estimated $ 1.4 million a year as a senior partner at McKinsey & Company , the global management - consulting firm — was informed that her ex-husband had disappeared with their daughter .
At the same time Boston police were entering Rockefeller ’s name into national databases and finding … nothing .
“ Can you please give us his driver ’s - license number ? ” an officer asked Boss .
She said he did n’t have one .
“ Do you know if Clark has a Social Security number ? ”
“ No . ”
“ Is he on your tax returns ? ”
“ No . ”
His credit cards were on her accounts .
His cell - phone number was under the name of a friend .
To each of the investigators ’ questions about her ex-husband ’s identification papers , Boss responded in the negative .
He did n’t have any identification at all .
Twenty - four hours after his disappearance , the curious case of Clark Rockefeller was being handled by Special Agent Noreen Gleason , a tough , blonde , 17 - year veteran of the F.B.I. assigned to the Boston field office .
Her first call was to the Rockefeller family , she remembers .
“ They said , ‘ Under no circumstances is there a link We are not connected . ’”
Plenty of other people had heard of him , however .
For five days Gleason and a battalion of F.B.I. agents and police officers in the United States and abroad were taken for a ride .
Like the limo driver and the friend Rockefeller tricked into driving him to New York , the authorities soon realized that they had been set up .
Before the extraordinarily well - planned vanishing act , Rockefeller had devised an equally elaborate escape plan , telling many of his well - heeled friends his destination , which in every case was different , and in every case a lie .
He told one he was sailing to Peru ; he informed others he was going to Alaska , the Turks and Caicos , the Bahamas .
“ It was fascinating , ” says Gleason .
“ We would start going down one avenue , one lead , and we would get to the end of it , and nothing would be there . ”
The Shameful Peace
By Frederic Spotts
Yale , 283 pages , $ 35
The history of France under German rule during World War II is a depressing tale of collaboration , corruption and subsequent denial that taxes the will of even the most determined Francophile .
Perhaps not surprisingly it was not a French scholar but an American one , Robert Paxton , who produced the first serious examination of the period ( 1940 - 44 ) , followed by the Swiss historian Philippe Burrinand a group of young French historians working out of the Institut d'Études Politiques in Paris .
Now comes Frederic Spotts , a British writer known for his studies of German history .
With " The Shameful Peace " he lifts the lid on one of the least known -- and most shameful episodes -- of the period : namely , the role of artists and intellectuals in occupied France .
After the collapse of the Third Republic in June 1940 , armistice agreements signed at Compiègne parceled France into two halves more or less along an east - west axis .
A supposedly independent ( but collaborationist ) French government headed by the aged Marshal Philippe Pétain was based in the spa town of Vichy , while Paris and its northern hinterland were placed under direct German military rule .
The first effect of the armistice was to convert the French capital into a kind of vacation paradise for the German occupier .
Nazi flags draped Garnier 's opera house ; German officers went on shopping sprees ; some of the capital 's leading hostesses vied for the privilege of entertaining the new authorities .
Representatives of leading Nazi figures , notably Hermann Goering , sacked the homes of wealthy Jews for masterpieces of art -- an expedition in which some of the city 's grandest art dealers were pleased to assist .
Even low - ranking German functionaries partook of the feast .
" I never lived so well anywhere , " a secretary - typist later recalled .
" We could buy what we wanted .
. . .
[ It was ] the most wonderful and unforgettable time of my youth . "
In defeated France , Hitler pursued two quite different objectives .
One was to extract resources and manpower to wage war against Britain and later the Soviet Union ; the other was to integrate France into a subordinate role within a European confederation ruled from Berlin .
This was a complicated task that the Germans did not always pursue coherently , since the two objectives were often antagonistic -- it is difficult to pretend , while pillaging a country , that it has even the slightest autonomy .
One area where the Germans completely understood what they were about , however , was in the co-opting of the French cultural establishment .
Each face is made of approximately 150 million tiny carbon nanotubes ; that 's about how many Americans voted in the 2008 presidential election .
.
Would you like to add or edit content here ?
Here 's how you can have an account !
From FreeThoughtPedia
Stalin rejected Darwin 's theory
Although many blame Stalin for doing what he did because of atheism , why not blame him for his lack of education or rejection of Darwin 's theory of evolution ?.
In fact , most 20th century proponents of communism rejected Darwinian evolution and believed it was biased in favor of The Bourgeois and Capitalism .
For them Darwinism was eugenics , Nazism and capitalism .
They went on to denounce genetics and Darwinism together as " the whore of capitalism " ( продажная девка капитализма ) and tried to supress further research into it .
They have been convinced by Trofim Lysenko , that both Darwinian evolution , and the very idea of Mendelian genetics ran counter to party doctrine .
In short Stalin oppossed Darwin 's theory in favor of Trofim Lysenko's Lamarckianism
Stalin was an atheist ?
" The Pope ?
How many divisions has he got ? " — Josef Stalin , to French Foreign Minister Pierre Laval , in reply to a suggestion that the Soviet Union should encourage Catholicism in order to propitiate the Pope , in Winston Churchill , The Second World War , vol .
1 , " The Gathering Storm , " ch. 8 , ( 1948 ) , said , 13 May 1935 , quoted from , The Columbia Dictionary of Quotations
Stalin is quoted as saying " You know , they are fooling us , there is no God ... all this talk about God is sheer nonsense " in E. Yaroslavsky , Landmarks in the Life of Stalin , Foreign Languages Publishing House , Moscow 1940
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/List_of_atheists#Politics_and_law says that stalin is an atheist and uses my above quote to prove it
There is a Soviet poster ridiculing Judaism — as printed in the official government journal Atheist
“ Communism begins where atheism begins … ” ( Karl Marx )
The above quote is taken out of context .
The actual quote is : " Communism begins where atheism begins , but atheism is at the outset still far from being communism ; indeed it is still for the most part an abstraction . "
“ The first requisite for the happiness of the people is the abolition of religion ” ( Karl Marx )
“ I wish to avenge myself against the One who rules above . ” ( Karl Marx )
“ The hellish vapors rise and fill the brain , till I go mad and my heart is utterly changed .
See this sword ?
The prince of darkness sold it to me . ” ( Karl Marx )
“ With disdain I will throw my gauntlet full in the fact of the world and see the collapse of this pygmy giant .
Then will I wander god - like and victorious through the ruins of the world .
And giving my words an active force , I will feel equal to the Creator . ” ( Karl Marx )
“ Atheism is the natural and inseparable part of Communism . ” ( attributed to Vladimir I. Lenin )
“ Our program necessarily includes the propaganda of atheism . ” ( V.I. Lenin )
“ There are no morals in politics ; there is only expedience .
A scoundrel may be of use to us just because he is a scoundrel . ” ( V.I. Lenin )
“ We do not fight against believers and not even clergymen .
WE FIGHT AGAINST GOD to snatch believers from Him . ” ( Vechernaia Moskva , a Soviet newspaper )
“ Let us drive out the Capitalists from the earth , and God from Heaven ! ” ( early Soviet slogan )
The official journal of the Soviet Academy of Pedagogical Sciences published a government directive Atheistic Education in the School as a resource on how to separate God from human society .
The opening paragraph is revealing : “ The Soviet school , as an instrument for the Communist education of the rising generation , can , as a matter of principle , take up no other attitude towards religion than one of irreconcilable opposition ; for Communist education has as its philosophical basis Marxism , and Marxism is irreconcilably hostile to religion .
‘ Marxism is materialism , ’ says V. I. Lenin ; ‘as such , it is as relentlessly hostile to religion as the materialism of the Encyclopedaists of the eighteenth century or the materialism of Feuerbach . ’ ”
Another excerpt reads : “ ‘ Religion ’ , ” Marx said , “ is nourished not on heaven but on earth , and with the annihilation of that perverted reality , of which capitalism is the theory , religion will perish of its own accord . ’”
“ The World has never before known a godlessness as organized , militarized and tenaciously malevolent as that preached by Marxism .
Within the philosophical system of Marx and Lenin and at the heart of their psychology , HATRED OF GOD is the principle driving force , more fundamental than all their political and economic pretensions .
Militant atheism is not merely incidental or marginal to Communist policy ; it is not a side effect , but the central pivot .
To achieve its diabolical ends , Communism needs to control a population devoid of religious and national feeling , and this entails a destruction of faith and nationhood .
Communists proclaim both of these objectives openly , and just as openly put them into practice . ” ( Alexander Solzhenitsyn )
There is a graphic entitled “ On Press Day : Long Live the Bolshevik Godless Press ! ” which depicts the cover of a Soviet magazine in which propagandists drop newspapers , magazines , and pamphlets from an airplane … the wings of the plane are painted with the word “ atheists . ”
From the article : “ Ko dniu pechati , ” by D. Mel’nikov , in the September 1931 issue of Bezbozhnik u stanka ( The Godless at the Workbench ) .
Argument : Stalin had faith , but not religion
Some evidence suggests Stalin , although not following a particular religion , may have been spiritual ( had personal faith , but did not practice a religion ) .
English historian Simon Sebag Montefiore studied Stalin ’s hobbies and personal library , what Stalin liked to read , what kind of marks he left in his books .
He found that Stalin liked to quote long quotes from the Bible .
Stalin left such mark about God in the book by Anatole France " Last pages .
Dialogues under a rose .
About God " : " Don‘t know traces , do n‘t see .
There is no Him for them . "
( " Следов не знают , не видят .
Его для них нет . " ) .
It seems that Stalin thought he knew God ’s traces and saw God , not like others .
Stalin " denied categorically to prescribe atheistic literature to his personal library , fastidiously calling it " " antireligious waste - paper ( junk ) " " .
( " Secret life of Stalin : By materials of his books and archive : According to Stalinism " by Ilizarov .
B.S. 2004 )
Stalin wrote poems in Georgian language .
They are so good that were being published in local magazines .
Few fragments sounds so ( translation from Georgian to Russian language by L.Kotiukov ( Л. Котюков ) , Newspaper " Duel " N10 ( 101) 1999-03-09 .
" Poet Josef Dzhugashvili " ( Газета " Дуель " , " Поет Иосиф Джугашвил и " N 10 ( 101 ) 1999-03-09 . Б.М. Гунько ) ) :
(...)
In his burden and song like the beam of the Sun , lived great truth – DIVINE dream .
(...)
But people who forgot GOD , with darkness in their hearts , instead of wine served poison to him in the cup .
And told to him : " Damn you !
Drink this cup to the bottom !...
And your song is alien for us , and we do n’t need your truth ! "
The above poem is probably a reference to Socrates who history says was made to drink poison from a cup because he " introduced a foreign god into the city gods . "
" More specifically , Socrates ’ accusers cited two ‘ impious ’ acts : ‘ failing to acknowledge the gods that the city acknowledges ’ and ‘ introducing new deities . ’ as noted in http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Trial_of_Socrates.
Socrates was not an atheist .
Refrences
Pope accused of spreading fear about homosexuals
Controversial : Pope Benedict XVI has been accused of being ' obsessed ' with homosexuality
Pope Benedict was accused of stoking homophobia last night after he said saving humanity from homosexuality was as important as saving the rainforests .
Italian gay rights group Archigay said the 82 - year - old Pope was ' obsessed ' with homosexuality , ' like many geriatrics ' , and criticised him for not offering people spiritual help during the economic crisis instead .
In Britain , the Rev Dr Giles Fraser , Vicar of Putney and president of Anglican movement Inclusive Church , said : ' I thought the Christmas angels said , " Fear not " .
' Instead , the Pope is spreading fear that gay people somehow threaten the planet , and that 's just absurd .
' As always , this sort of religious homophobia will be an alibi for all those who would do gay people harm . '
The Rev Sharon Ferguson , chief executive of the Lesbian and Gay Christian Movement , described his remarks as ' totally irresponsible and unacceptable in any shape or form ' .
She added : ' It is comments like that that justify homophobic bullying that goes on in schools and it is comments like that that justify gay bashing .
' When you have religious leaders like that making that sort of statement then followers feel they are justified in behaving in an aggressive and violent way because they feel that they are doing God 's work in ridding the world of these people . '
The criticisms came after Benedict 's Christmas speech in which he described homosexual relationships as the ' destruction of God 's work ' .
He told an audience of cardinals , bishops , archbishops , priests and worshippers that the failure to respect the ' order of creation ' was a form of ' auto destruction of mankind ' .
The German - born Pope has been dubbed ' God 's rottweiler ' for his ultra conservative stance on homosexuality .
The fact that a Secretary of Agriculture has yet to be named has some chefs , farmers and animal welfare advocates wondering whether food and farming have been shoved to the Obama D team .
To help move the process along , nearly 90 notable figures in the world of sustainable agriculture and food sent a letter to the Obama transition team earlier this week offering their six top picks for what they called “ the sustainable choice for the next U.S. Secretary of Agriculture . ”
The hope is that the new secretary will be less aligned with industrial agribusiness and commodity farming than secretaries past .
And if he or she embraces the connection between food , health and the environment , well , that ’s all the better .
The letter lays out a tall order :
“ From rising childhood and adult obesity to issues of food safety , global warming and air and water pollution , we believe our next Secretary of Agriculture must have a vision that calls for : recreating regional food systems , supporting the growth of humane , natural and organic farms , and protecting the environment , biodiversity and the health of our children while implementing policies that place conservation , soil health , animal welfare and worker ’s rights as well as sustainable renewable energy near the top of their agenda . ”
It was signed by 88 people , among them : Michael Pollan , Judy Wicks , Alice Waters , Rick Bayless , Wendell Berry , Eric Schlosser , Anna Lappe , Frances Moore Lappe , Paul Willis , Dan Barber , Michel Nischan , Ann Cooper , Marion Nestle , Peter Hoffman , Winona LaDuke , and Michael Dimock .
For those playing along at home , here ’s their list of the six top picks for Secretary of Agriculture .
Keep in mind that yesterday , Rep. John Salazar , Democrat of Colorado , a potato farmer , said he was being considered .
( And no , the effort to nominate Michael Pollan never got off the ground ) :
- video encodings still in process -
A comparison between the German " Leopard 2 " and the Russian " T - 80/90 " .
Vote if you liked it !
Footage shows helmeted S.W.A.T. team member headbutting woman who was protesting against demolition East Jerusalem home three weeks ago .
Police say incident under investigation .
W3C Workshop on Semantic Web in Oil & Gas Industry : Report
Workshop organized by the World Wide Web Consortium ( W3C ) and hosted by Chevron
Houston , TX , USA , 9 –10 December , 2008
Content
1. Background
The Oil & Gas ( O&G ) industry produces a staggering amount of new data every day from a variety of activities such as drilling , exploration and production , reservoir management , major capital projects , facility and downstream operations .
The problem of information explosion and overload presents an ever increasing challenge in finding and analyzing information quickly and precisely in order to get the most value for the business .
This problem is not unique to the O&G industry ; much the same can be said , for example , about the Health Care and Life Science ( HCLS ) industry , which has embraced Semantic Web technology in order to unite many forms of biological and medical information across diverse industries and institutions through the encoding of meaning into the data and their interpretations .
The fundamental question is how Semantic Web technologies might play a similar role in the further development of energy resources .
To explore this , W3C organized a workshop with a specific focus on the Oil and Gas industry .
The high level goal of this workshop was to gather and share possible use cases and / or case studies for Semantic Web in the O&G industry in order to understand the business drivers and benefits of using Semantic Web in that particular area of industry .
The Workshop also explored whether it is worthwhile to consider the creation of an Incubator , Interest , or Working Group ( or Groups ) under the auspices of W3C , and the workshop participants attempted to gather enough information for their companies to decide whether to commit substantial resources to such an effort .
2. Workshop Participants
Major Oil & Gas companies , energy industry vendors , as well as IT companies and universities were represented at the event .
The participants were : Fred VanHorne , May Hsu ( BAE Systems ) ; Robin Benjamins , Darius Kanga , Rob DeCarlo ( Bechtel ) ; Manoj Dharwadkar , Rahul Patil ( Bentley Systems Inc. ) ; Danny Ducharme ( BP ) ; Lee Feigenbaum , Sean Martin , Lonnie McCullough ( Cambridge Semantics ) ; Jim Crompton , Milind Talpallikar , Scott Hills , Doug Gregory ( Chevron ) ; Linda Carruth , Mario Casetta , David Shipley , Frank Chum , Roger Cutler , Ram Soma , Tom Bell ( Chevron / ITC ) ; Kendall Clark ( Clark & Parsia LLC ) ; David Norheim ( Computas ) ; Shawn Holt ( Elsevier Engineering and Technology Group ) , Alan Doniger ( Energistics ) ; Jennifer Sampson ( Epsis AS ) ; Brooke Aker ( Expert System / ENI ) ; Onno Paap ( Fluor Corp. ) ; Jean - François Rainaud ( Institut Français du Pétrole ) ; Chaminda Peries ( Landmark Halliburton ) ; Robert Ewald ( National Oilwell Varco ) ; Arthur Keen ( Object Reservoir Inc. ) ; Neil McNaughton ( Oil IT Journal ) ; David Shimbo ( Oracle ) ; Brad Wakefield ( Oxy , Inc. ) ; Tom Burchfield , Bethany Crow ( Petroleum Abstracts , The University of Tulsa ) ; Dean Forrester ( SAIC ) ; Bertrand Du Castel , Najib Abusalbi ( Schlumberger ) ; Anil Rode ( Shell Information Technology International ) ; Richard Sears ( Shell / MIT ) ; Matt Ousdahl ( Spectrum Subsea International , Ltd. ) , Emilio Nunez ( The University of Texas at Austin ) ; Philip Pridmore - Brown ( Thetus Corporation ) ; Jeremy Carroll , Chip Masters ( TopQuadrant ) ; Claude Fauconnet , Raphaële Henri-Bally ( TOTAL Holding ) ; Amol Bakshi , Carlo Torniai ( University of Southern California ) ; Ivan Herman , Steve Bratt ( W3C ) .
3. General Technical Topics of Interest
The Workshop , which had very diverse participation , was very successful in generating discussions , hallway conversations , and general community building .
The workshop presentations ( see the detailed list below ) addressed a number of issues of interest for the community .
3.1 . Keynote
Jim Crompton , Chevron Manager of Technology & Architecture and Chevron Fellow , gave a keynote address titled “ Putting the Focus on Data ” , which explored the basic information management challenges in the industry and the potential business value of meeting those challenges .
The Oil & Gas industry generates a tremendous amount of information — Chevron alone currently has over 6,000 Terabytes of data , most of it technical .
The industry has gotten very good at collecting the data , for example via oil field automation , and has developed tremendous capabilities to use that data to make decisions , for example via modeling and simulation , but there is a tremendous information overload caused by factors such as lack of consistent master data , standards for information exchange , shadow systems , and so on .
Jim outlined in general terms an architectural path “ back to sanity ” and the magnitude of the prize in terms of increasing the value of information .
3.2 . Oil & Gas Applications
The Semantic Web applications in to the O&G industry described in these presentations ranged through use cases , strategic research with academia , proof - of - concepts , pilots , and actual deployment .
The character of these applications were quite diverse , including : search and reporting in integrated asset management ; metadata management of technical earth sciences data ; information exchange and integration through international standards and open applications ; information management in drilling and production and integrated operations ; knowledge management and experience transfer ; ontology - based search of earth science documents ; and decision support in enhanced oil recovery .
3.3 . Ontology Management and Creation
A number of talks focused on the general methodology for creating and managing ontologies used in Semantic Web applications .
One useful insight was that there are three general types of potentially useful ontologies :
Upper ontologies that express concepts not specific to the industry ( e.g. , location information ) Domain ontologies that express concepts specific to , or heavily used , in the industry ( e.g. , geology , reservoir characteristics , production volumes , etc. )
Application ontologies that express information used in a particular project or experts ’ experience in industry activities ( e.g. , information about geological interpretations or reservoir simulations )
Roughly speaking , the industry might hope to reuse upper ontologies created elsewhere , collaborate within the industry to develop domain ontologies and use application ontologies in proprietary settings .
The tradeoffs between top - down , bottom - up and hybrid ontology development approaches were also discussed .
Some examples of ontologies that appeared in various presentations , many of them sharable publicly , include : ISO 15926 ( described more fully below ) ; geology ( including basic geology , geological boundaries , structures and prospects ) ; EOR ( Enhanced Oil Recovery ) screening , recovery calculations and scale - up uncertainty ; production information based on the PRODML and WITSML standards ; drilling information ; and business processes described by BPMN .
The list above is far from exhaustive because a number of the ontologies were either referenced in passing or were presented in a context that make them difficult to be characterized succinctly .
A number of companies were represented at the workshop that produce tools involved with various aspects of creating and managing Semantic Web ontologies and projects .
Some of these vendors presented their wares in contexts related to the industry , and some of the tools showed up in talks from the industry about practical applications .
This was useful for attendees who were exposed to some of these tools for the first time .
The techniques presented by vendors , by academic and / or use cases presentations , etc. , included an expertise locator that was a good example of the cycle of integration , analysis and then back to integration again ; tools for the integration of information residing in spreadsheets into a centrally managed ontology ; and ontology management , editing , and visualizing tools .
Several applications included rule based inferences ( beyond ontology based inferences ) , used Semantic Web repositories in the infrastructure of integration platforms in order to enable organic growth and scaling , or were based on an experience capture and reuse of information in different contexts .
3.5 . ISO 15926
This is a very large ISO standard ( see also the corresponding Wikipedia page for further information ) which has been under development , and more recently deployment , for over fifteen years .
Although the model potentially covers much broader aspects of the industry , to date its primary application has been as an equipment catalog for major capital projects like production facilities .
In this context ISO 15926 provides a standard nomenclature for all the components used in the construction of these facilities , ranging from drill bits through flanges and valves to jet engines .
Since a single facility can cost billions of dollars and involves thousands of providers of equipment and services , a standardized nomenclature has the potential to drive very significant improvements in cost and efficiency .
Several years ago the original modeling methodology was reformulated using RDF and OWL in order to take advantage of the flexibility and expressivity of these technologies in providing a very general , robust and extensible framework for data models .
ISO 15926 repositories can now be accessed via SPARQL and the standard has defined very general templates to make and organize complex statements .
Furthermore , a number of important terms have received unique , dereferencable URI -s , which is important for the further usage of Semantic Web technologies in this area .
4. Panel Discussion : Oil & Gas View of the Semantic Web
The primary focus of this panel discussion , moderated by Ivan Herman of the W3C , was the questions of whether Semantic Web technologies have a substantial value proposition for the Oil & Gas industry and whether there are areas in which industry collaboration is appropriate and valuable .
There appeared to be a clear consensus in the room that the simple answer to both questions is , “ Yes ” .
Fleshing out the details a bit , part of the value proposition comes from the fact that interfaces to service companies and joint ventures between operators are both extremely common and important in this industry .
This naturally leads to an industry culture of collaboration in certain areas and to a clear value proposition for making the information exchange in these encounters more efficient and useful .
There was a general feeling that there would be value in sharing domain ontologies , Semantic Web methodologies and best practices , although specific data or business processes would not be sharable for clear business reasons .
This leaves a lot of room for collaboration .
In addition , there was some feeling that collaboration could expose technical issues that might best be fed back to the W3C processes to influence more general technical solutions .
For example , the issue whether the access control mechanisms currently available for the Semantic Web are adequate for their anticipated use in this industry was raised as a point that might be worthy of considerably more discussion .
There was also discussion , not leading to any particular consensus about priority , about some of the specific areas in which Semantic Web technology could make a significant impact in the industry .
The panel was composed of Danny Ducharme ( BP ) , Roger Cutler ( Chevron ) .
Richard Sears ( Shell ) , Raphaële Henri-Bally ( Total ) and Bertrand du Castel ( Schlumberger ) .
5. Panel Discussion : Next Steps
The moderator of this panel , Jim Crompton of Chevron ( who also gave the keynote presentation ) , started with a succinct summary of some questions that had been answered in this workshop :
Are there real opportunities in the Oil & Gas industry for Semantic Web technology ?
Answer : yes
Are there opportunities for cooperation ?
Answer : Yes .
Is there a demonstrated interest ?
Answer : Yes .
But , of course , the next questions are : where do we go from here , what are the next steps , and who is going to be driving ?
There was a fairly extensive discussion on previous experiences at the W3C with the HCLS ( Health Care & Life Sciences ) Interest Group .
Some characterizations of the various options for moving forward were also discussed , although that did not lead to any obvious consensus .
One clear and useful message from Ivan Herman of the W3C was that if this work were to go forward in a framework provided by the W3C , which was certainly one of the alternatives discussed , it would be necessary to find an organization willing to “ lend ” the W3C a fellow , i.e. , a person to take the lead in organizing the effort .
This was not only the model successfully employed by HCLS and other industry areas ( e.g. , eGovernment ) , but it would also , in a practical sense , be mandated by manpower constraints in the W3C .
The panel was composed of Robin Benjamins ( Bechtel ) , Frank Chum ( Chevron ) , Alan Doniger ( Energistics ) , Onno Paap ( Fluor ) , Anil Rode ( Shell ) , and Ivan Herman ( W3C ) .
6. Presentations
7. Accepted Submissions not Presented at the Workshop
Position Paper for W3C Workshop on Semantic Web in Energy Industries ; Part 1 : Oil & Gas , May Hsu , Mike C. Morgan , and Fred VanHorne , BAE Systems ( position paper ) ISO 15926 templates and the Semantic Web , Johan W. Klüwer , Martin G. Skjæveland , and Magne Valen - Sendstad , Det Norske Veritas ( position paper ) Position Paper for W3C Workshop on Semantic Web in Energy Industries ; Part 1 : Oil & Gas , Alan Doniger , Energistics ( position paper ) Towards an upper ontology for representing oil & gas enterprises , Udo Pletat , Vishwanath Narayan , and Magne Valen - Sendstad , IBM ( position paper ) Position Paper for W3C Workshop on Semantic Web in Energy Industries ; Part 1 : Oil & Gas , Jens Ingvald Ornæs and Robert Ewald , National Oilwell Varco ( position paper ) The Petroleum Abstracts ® Exploration and Production Thesaurus , John A. Bailey , Thomas E. Burchfield , and Bethany J. Crow , Petroleum Abstracts ( position paper ) PPDM Association Position Paper , Trudy Curtis , Steve Cooper , and David Shimbo , PPDM Association and Oracle ( position paper ) Oil and Gas Semantic Web : Total position paper , Claude Fauconnet , Total ( position paper )
Ivan Herman , Roger Cutler , Frank Chum , and Bertrand du Castel , Workshop organizers
A laptop perfect for your next mission
Are you planning to buy a laptop ?
Okay …
Are you a huge 007 fan just on the verge of buying a laptop ?
Then go to ebay now and start bidding for these Bond - themed VAIOs .
Sony is auctioning off 007 - branded VAIO TTs in connection with the Nov. 14 release of Quantum of Solace .
The new VAIO laptop features an Intel Centrino 2 processor , 4GB RAM , a 64GB Solid State Drive , an eye - catching 11.1 - inch XBRITE LCD screen and a built - in webcam .
Along with the laptop , you ’ll also get a matching leather carrying case .
Only 100 units will be available and each unit will bear a serialized number .
Going once ?
Going Twice ?
SOLD !
Rove :
Do n't worry about government taking away rights David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Tuesday December 23 , 2008
Print This Email This John Kasich , guest - hosting for Bill O'Reilly this week , ventured a bit off the Fox News reservation , giving voice to the myriad concerns over the expansion of power President Bush has concentrated in the White House over the last eight years , particularly when it comes to his extraordinary ability to spy on Americans .
Unfortunately , Kasich 's questions ended up serving as little more than a prelude to former White House political aide Karl Rove 's paternalistic reassurances that Americans need not worry about silly things like their civil liberties because the government is there to protect them .
ROVE : [...]
The Terrorist Surveillance Program [ aka warrantless wiretapping ] .
After 9/11 , it became clear that using e-mail and satellite telephones and long - distance telephones that the enemy was able to communicate inside the United States , and that we had the technical abilities to intercept their messages as long as they passed through US networks .
And should a battlefield commander , should the commander in chief in a time of war use those abilities in order to get information ?
You bet .
It has protected our country , and the fact of the matter is that when Barack Obama had a chance in the middle of last summer to vote against reauthorizing those powers ... he voted for them , as did Senator Biden .
KASICH : Here 's the thing .
You 're a conservative , I 'm a conservative .
When government has power it never gives it back , unless you take a crowbar and pry it out of the government 's hands .
Have you ever worried that too much authority to eavesdrop , to spy , to look at things was going to be very intrusive ?
And that you and I , our liberties would be disrupted and we would never get them back again .
Has that ever worried you ?
ROVE : It has but only because , but that 's not a worry we should have because look the Terrorist Surveillance Program intercepts messages from people abroad .
It 's not designed to listen in on Americans talking to their neighbors .
The only way that you can take a US citizen and listen in on their phone is to go get a court order .
KASICH :
The only thing I get concerned about is once you get it can you ever get it back .
OK , let 's unpack this just for a second .
First off , Rove 's memory is faulty .
Biden voted against the expansion of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act , but his description of the warrantless wiretapping program 's capabilities also falls short .
It should be noted that Rove can't possibly know the full capabilities of the National Security Agency 's eavesdropping program because he lacks the necessary security clearances .
And if he had been briefed on the program 's capabilities , he would be precluded from discussing it on national television .
For that matter , no one who 's fully aware of the ultra - secret program 's full capabilities has ever gone public .
But based on the picture amassed through disclosures by an AT&T whistleblower and others suing telecommunications companies and the government for violating the 4th Amendment , it seems clear the NSA 's capabilities stretch far beyond the narrow collection Rove insists the government is engaged in .
Former AT&T technician Mark Klein has testified that the NSA is able to conduct " vacuum - cleaner surveillance of all the data crossing the Internet " from a secret room it maintains in the company 's San Francisco office .
Some believe the agency has an equally robust ability to intercept telephone communications , although the capabilities are unknown .
Rove 's insistence that Americans " not worry " about the NSA 's reach because of " court order " requirements should provide little comfort .
While it remains the case that a court order would be required to admit any evidence from domestic surveillance into a US court , it 's undeniable that the mechanisms to conduct such surveillance exist independently of their legal justification .
Furthermore , similar court orders -- from a secret FISA court -- were previously required for all eavesdropping conducted by the NSA within US borders , but Bush authorized the NSA to ignore those requirements .
Perhaps the only comfort that can be derived is in the recognition that the current administration will be out of the White House in less than a month .
This video is from Fox The O'Reilly Factor , broadcast Dec. 22 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Relatives believe that her mother Elizabeth White , whom they described as " rather fond of her drink " , may have confused dates between her eight children .
She did not register Elsie 's birth at Kennington Registry office in London until January 25 1909 .
SAN FRANCISCO 
The State of Hawaii and the Hawaiian Electric Company on Tuesday endorsed an effort to build an alternative transportation system based on electric vehicles with swappable batteries and an “ intelligent ” battery recharging network .
The plan , the brainchild of the former Silicon Valley software executive Shai Agassi , is an effort to overcome the major hurdles to electric cars  slow battery recharging and limited availability .
By using existing electric car technologies , coupled with an Internet - connected web of tens of thousands of recharging stations , he thinks his company , Better Place L.L.C. of Palo Alto , Calif. , will make all - electric vehicles feasible .
Mr. Agassi has succeeded in assembling a growing consortium of national governments , regional planning organizations and one major car company .
Tuesday ’s announcement follows earlier endorsements from Israel , Denmark , Australia , Renault - Nissan and a coalition of Northern California localities supporting the idea leading to the deployment of an electric vehicle with a range of greater than 100 miles , beginning at the end of 2010 in Israel .
The company plans test deployments of vehicles in 2009 and broad commercial sales in 2012 .
Here ’s some ways to use these new characters in your comic stories :
Fill in thought balloons to convey what the digital enthusiasts are thinking as they write or read .
Have them keep digital diaries of their lives – what happened to them today ?
( Maybe one of them represents you . )
What important email or text message did they just receive or send ?
Fill in a talk balloon with the message .
Create a story for them to tell , or a joke for them to share .
What are they searching for on the Internet ?
What new thing did they learn today ?
Are they writing or receiving words of hope , words of love , words of anger , words of surprise , words of sadness ?
Write their words in thought or talk balloons .
Place pairs of digital enthusiasts together in your comic as they exchange thoughts .
We welcome your own creative ideas to use digital enthusiasts .
Send them to billz@makebeliefscomix.com and if you give us permission we ’ll add them to the list .
THE DEFINITION : Fractal | ˈfraktəl| Mathematics
Noun :
A curve or geometric figure , each part of which has the same statistical character as the whole .
Fractals are useful in modeling structures ( such as eroded coastlines or snowflakes ) in which similar patterns recur at progressively smaller scales , and in describing partly random or chaotic .
- New Oxford American Dictionary , 2008 .
THE CONVERSATION :
VioletPlanet : Fascinating article .
You must educate me .
In layman ’s terms what does this mean ?
What is the concept of a fractal universe ?
IvansArmy : Usually , Fractal is used when referring to a fractal system .
In layman 's terms a fractal is a part of a system or a whole ( singularity ) which in itself possesses all the information necessary to create a singularity or a system of its own .
The most obvious fractal example is Nature .
You have a seed or a singularity which grows into a plant with a stem and the off - shoots .
The leaves or branches divide into their own singularities ; then you can say that we are fractals of our parents since we literally come out of them and contain their DNA .
In mathematics there are fractal equations which may be represented as fractal graphs .
One of the key characteristics of these graphs is that you may " zoom " or scale into the graph indefinitely with new geometric structures being created by the equation into infinity .
You may see how it becomes very intuitive to view the entire universe as an infinite , complex , fractal structure .
This is not really any groundbreaking idea , but it 's only recently that our " modern " science is coming to terms with reality and shedding some old abstract ideas about the nature of existence .
These ideas are mainly influenced by a specific point of view held in the West that we ( as self - conscious beings ) are observers separate from the universe in which we exist .
This point of view is not necessarily directly expressed but is more a state of self - consciousness which observes the universe but is not aware of its own state and therefore has fundamental hang - ups in its perception of itself and everything around it .
VioletPlanet : So ... Quantum Physics is definitely true in this case .
We are all connected and the universe is the seed .
IvansArmy :
We are all ... the universe .
To be connected to the universe assumes that in some way we are " other " and therefore need to connect to it .
We just are ... IT .
There is nothing but the universe so " we " can not be other from ... IT .
VioletPlanet :
But did n't the universe ever have a beginning ... hence " the seed ? "
Or has it always been infinite or shall we say immortal ?
Is it possible for anything to be immortal ?
IvansArmy : Death and life are very relative concepts .
There is a birth and a death of the ego or what we think of as ... I . However , the line between life and death becomes blurred when you ask ... what is the exact point of differentiation in time between the two and who is doing the measuring ?
For the purposes of convenience , we say someone is born on the day they come out of mother 's womb .
However , does this mean that the previous day that same person was not alive ?
When does life start ?
Is it during Gastrulation when bases of all the rest of the tissues are created ?
Or is it upon fertilization of the egg ?
Or is it when the spermatozoa are created in the testicles of the father and the ovum in mother ?
Or is it the birth of the mother and the father ?
We could say that life and death are complements of each other or duality of being .
Therefore , immortality as the western dualistic and moralistic philosophy might view it ... does not exist because it implies absence of death , which is absurd since we see things die daily .
Another problem with " immortality " is that it implies a concept of linear time which is purely an abstract human concept created for utilitarian purposes .
We forget that just like the number 3 , or the equator line , time as we perceive it ... is purely an abstract human construct and the true reality of time is inconceivable purely through the linear data - processing of our mind .
In this sense , when we talk about immortality what is usually implied is a constant unchangeable measure of time which is divorced from the universe in which it exists and therefore is non-existent .
Scientists are a part of our culture and they view the world through the " lens " of the Ego or the finite " I . "
This is logical to them : I ( the Ego ) have a beginning and an end .
Therefore , the universe must have a beginning and end .
Yet , when you were born your body did not come out of nothing but was constructed with atoms of numerous elements which were utilized by other systems ( bodies of your parents ) to assemble you .
When you die your body does not disappear into thin air but is dissolved back into the environment .
The molecules and atoms are recycled into other life forms , particles of dust , soil , plants , etc .
Therefore , it 's not possible to claim with any degree of certainty that the universe had a definite beginning before ... which it did not exist .
I am not saying there was no big bang or a similar happening , but it 's false to assume the universe 's non-existence prior to the happening .
Universe is immortal purely in its existence .
VioletPlanet : Life and death on earth parallel life and death within the universe , the death of stars , planets , black holes are dead etc .
Therefore , the inter - connectedness makes sense .
We would mimic that which created us .
There is an order to things ... which is infinite .
The earth is one gigantic cell within the universal body .
The cycle the universe offers us is cyclical : life , death , life , death etc .
However , all cells die .
We know when we die on earth that our bodies become fertilizer .
However , if the earth were to die , would it regenerate into something else ?
Would that something else be alive or dead or a better word .... functioning ?
What fertilizes the universe ?
I totally agree re : man -made time construct but if the universe 's structure is cyclical at what point was the circle constructed ?
At what point did the circle begin ?
IvansArmy : Trying to answer that question is like chasing a ghost .
It 's entirely relative to who is observing .
If we say we 're " observing " and we concluded that we 're the universe then it's us " observing ...ourselves , " hence the impetus to ask the question : when did I begin .
Postulating that question divides us from our true existence .
It implies we are something other than ourselves observing that " other " in Euclidean time and space .
The problem is impossible to solve since it requires " othering " from the universe in order to observe it which creates an abstract reality .
Ultimately , even if there is a logical answer , I believe a much more relevant and question is :
Why is this answer so important ?... or even better , Who wants to know ?
VioletPlanet :
But yet everything must begin ... begin from what ?
IvansArmy :
Why must there be a beginning , and how do you define beginning and end ?
VioletPlanet : A singular point of origin ... everything originates from something else .
Endings are just new beginnings .
In other words , has it been scientifically proven that the universe is infinite or is there something greater and more vast than the universe ?
If the fractal article is correct then by your own description and the picture you sent me of the cauliflower , an origin must exist .
Notice the base of the cauliflower and notice the top of the cauliflower .
There are two distinct points .
IvansArmy :
You have just answered your own question .
Science cannot with any certainty prove its major theories about the universe , hence the theories .
Origin of something does not necessarily mean ... a beginning .
VioletPlanet : Good Answer .
- Amanda Gefter ( " Galaxy Map Hints at Fractal Universe , " NewScientist.com , 6.25.08 .
Image : Fractal Cauliflower , 2008 ) .
Promote Your Work with Kudos
Kudos is a free service that you can use to promote your work more effectively .
After your paper has been accepted and uploaded to the ACM Digital Library , you 'll receive an invitation from Kudos to create an account and add a plain - language description .
Click here for further information .
Publons Reviewer Recognition Program
In an effort to better serve — and incentivize — ACM reviewers , ACM has partnered with the Publons Reviewer Recognition Service , which allows reviewers to create a profile and to track , verify and promote their efforts for ACM publications .
Click here for further information .
Dale Bozzio : Former Playboy Bunny / Rock Icon Charged with Animal Cruelty
, former Playboy bunny and rock icon , has been charged with animal cruelty after neighbors found numerous sick and dead cats in her home .
A dozen cats were removed from the home and put down .
Bozzio's lawyer stated that Bozzio was out of town at the time and that the person hired to take care of her pets never arrived .
Bozzio has pleaded not guilty to three misdemeanor counts of animal cruelty and will be charged with nine more .
Bozzio , born Dale Frances Consalvi , was the lead singer for the 1980s pop / new wave band Missing Persons .
View more photos of Dale Bozzio and video of Missing Persons performing " Words " below .
Discussions of a Palin presidency already ?
It happened this morning when ABC's " This Week " host George Stephanopoulos asked John McCain if he would endorse a Sarah Palin run for the presidency in 2012 .
Uhhh ....
McCain gave Palin the equivalent of a " it 's not you , it 's me " breakup line when responding to the ABC host .
" I have the greatest of appreciation for Governor Palin and her family , " he said .
" It was a great joy to know them .
She invigorated our campaign .
She was just down in Georgia and invigorated that campaign . "
" But I ca n't say something like that , " he went on .
" We 've got some other great young governors . "
" I think you are going to see the governors assume a greater leadership role in our Republican Party , " he said , citing Minnesota Governor Tim Pawlenty and Utah Governor John Huntsman .
Hang on , John ...
Stephanopoulos would n't let McCain off the hook though .
After all , just over a month ago McCain was touting Palin to be the best person - save himself - to take the reins of the most powerful country in the world .
" Have no doubt for my admiration and respect for her and my view of her viability .
But at this stage , my corpse is still warm , " he said to much laughter .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
The arrest of investment manager Bernard Madoff on allegations that he ran a $ 50 billion " Ponzi scheme " raises questions about the effectiveness of the Securities and Exchange Commission 's oversight of the investment management industry .
The SEC and Department of Justice on Friday launched parallel suits against Madoff , 70 , who oversaw Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities LLC .
Both agencies are trying to identify if any assets remain , but regulatory observers argue that there were several warning signs that should have triggered an SEC investigation much earlier .
“ The Madoff scandal could n't have come at a worse time for the hedge - fund industry , which already is reeling from record losses this year . ”
Madoff 's investment - advisory business was subjected to oversight by the SEC in 2006 , but a regulatory observer familiar with the fund said that agency staffers in the SEC's Office of Compliance , Inspections and Examinations never conducted a serious scrutiny of the fund .
" The big concern is whether the SEC has adequate resources and the will to identify this kind of fraud , " said Consumer Federation of America director Barbara Roper .
The agency is charged with examining the books of new funds registered with the SEC , with follow - up reviews taking place every three years for high risk institutions .
Registered investment advisers that fell under the category of low risk are only subject to random investigation .
There are no details about how frequently these fund managers are reviewed .
Columbia Law School professor John Coffee said that the agency is overworked and typically examines only 10 % of the new funds that are registered .
He added that the SEC should have looked more carefully at Madoff , because he oversaw a huge quasi - hedge fund that was audited only by a tiny New York - based firm , Friehling & Horowitz .
Madoff 's fund also did not employ a reputable outside custodian , which is an institution that holds the assets of the fund .
Finally , Coffee noted that a rival to Madoff raised concerns about the fund in 1999 .
" The fact that this was such a huge fund that employed such a small audit firm and no outside custodian should have triggered red flags at the SEC , " according to Coffee .
" Funds of that size typically have a large internationally recognized auditor . "
SEC enforcement - bureau director Linda Thomsen defended the agency at a press conference at the Justice Department , saying it is difficult to comment on the examination at this stage .
In a statement Friday , the SEC said Enforcement division staffers in New York completed an investigation in 2007 .
The statement said it re-opened the investigation on Thursday .
" We are now acutely focused to figure out what is going on at the fund , " she said .
Judge Louis Stanton late Friday granted the SEC 's request to freeze Madoff assets and appointing Lee Richards , partner at Richards , Kibbe Orbe in New York to investigate Madoff and his firm .
According to SEC documents , the agency 's compliance and examination 's office employed 425 people as of 2007 .
This division looks at hedge funds , mutual funds and other institutional investors .
Both Coffee at Columbia and Roper at the Consumer Federation of America contend that the agency must allocate more resources to fund oversight , so staffers can audit more newly registered funds .
Both high and low risk funds , Coffee said , should be examined more frequently .
A former SEC official noted that an agency Office of Risk Assessment , which was created in 2004 under then chairman William Donaldson , was " largely dismantled " until recently .
The office was set up to identify problem areas , negative trends and forms of fraud associated with certain strategies employed by hedge funds and other entities .
He added that the office , had it been fully staffed , could have helped identify problems with Madoff earlier on .
The office began to be re-staffed in March after the near - collapse of Bear Stearns Cos. and its subsequent government aided acquisition by J.P. Morgan Chase & Co .
The Madoff charges may also put more pressure on Congress to adopt hedge fund manager registration rules .
Under Donaldson the agency in 2006 sought to gain greater oversight of the hedge fund industry by requiring investment managers with $ 100 million or more in assets under management to register and open up their books to agency examiners .
However , shortly after the rules were adopted , a federal appeals court rejected them on the argument that the SEC did not have statutory authority .
Nevertheless , many managers that registered in 2006 to comply with the rules never de-registered after the regulations were thrown out .
House Financial Services Committee chairman Barney Frank , D - Mass. , said earlier this month that he plans to introduce new hedge fund manager registration legislation .
But Consumer Federation 's Roper said that requiring registration is important only if the agency has sufficient staff to oversee the entire $ 1.5 trillion hedge fund industry .
" It 's not just about jurisdiction , it 's about whether they use that effectively , " Roper said .
The fund affected a wide array of both high net worth and institutional investors .
Ben Bornstein , director , Prospero Capital in New York , said he was surprised at the amount of people that had a disproportionately large amount of their net worth capital invested with Madoff .
" He had a mystique in New York where people were just dying to get into his fund , " Bornstein said .
Another hedge headwind
The Madoff scandal could n't have come at a worse time for the hedge - fund industry , which already is reeling from record losses this year .
Funds of hedge funds , which allocate clients ' money to a range of underlying managers , have been hit particularly hard .
Such funds lost 18.5 % on average this year through October , while the average single - manager fund was down 16 % , according to HFR indexes .
That may be disappointing because funds of hedge funds are supposed to be more diversified and less risky than single hedge funds .
They 're also supposed to seek out the best managers and vet them for clients .
Union Bancaire Privee , the world 's second - largest provider of funds of hedge funds behind UBS AG UBS , - 0.54 % , said on Monday that clients ' exposure to Madoff 's investment company is less than 1 % of the private bank 's assets under management .
That would put customers ' exposure above $ 1 billion .
A spokesman for the Swiss bank declined to comment further .
Fairfield Greenwich Group , a firm with $ 14 billion in assets that runs its own hedge funds and allocates to other managers , had roughly $ 7.5 billion invested in vehicles connected to Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities .
" We have worked with Madoff for nearly 20 years , investing alongside our clients , " Jeffrey Tucker , founding partner of Fairfield , said in a statement late last week .
" We had no indication that we and many other firms and private investors were the victims of such a highly sophisticated , massive fraudulent scheme . "
There were several things that alerted some in the hedge - fund industry that an investment with Madoff may not have been as safe as it initially appeared .
Aksia LLC , which researches hedge funds and advises institutions about investing in the industry , said that it never recommended that clients put money in some of the " feeder funds " that allocated their capital to Madoff .
On the surface , these feeder funds looked like institutional - quality vehicles , but there were " a host of red flags , " Aksia Chief Executive Jim Vos and colleague Jake Walthour wrote in a letter to clients after the Madoff scandal erupted last week .
The funds were marketed as using a " split - strike conversion " investment strategy that is " remarkably " simple , but the returns it purportedly generated could not be replicated by Aksia 's quantitative analyst , Vos and Walthour wrote .
The Madoff funds supposedly traded in the Standard & Poor 's 100 index options market , but that market is relatively small and may not have been able to handle trading by vehicles with roughly $ 13 billion in assets , they said .
The feeder funds had almost all their assets custodied with Madoff Securities , the brokerage unit of Madoff 's firm .
So Aksia checked into the auditor of Madoff Securities and discovered it was a firm called Friehling & Horowitz , which had three employees -- one of whom was 78 years old and another was a secretary .
The firm 's office in upstate New York was 13 feet by 18 feet , Vos and Walthour said .
Madoff's
Web site claimed the firm was technologically advanced , but it sent paper confirmations of trades via U.S. mail at the end of each day , rather than providing electronic access to this important information , they added .
" Paper copies provide a hedge - fund manager with the end - of - the - day ability to manufacture trade tickets that confirm the investment results , " Vos and Walthour wrote .
I do n't mean they 've completely turned their backs on all science : just the majority of it .
For they still adore scientific endeavors which expand upon existing techniques for controlling or deceiving or torturing others , or where they reveal new , faster , and cheaper ways to kill or destroy at a distance with impunity .
They also still love research revealing how to squeeze ever more work and creativity out of people while paying them ever less for it .
It 's everything else about science they can no longer abide today .
Why ?
Because the more we learn through science in general , the more we find that Republican policies across the board are usually not only wrong , but downright dangerous .
Indeed , a great many of their policies accomplish the exact opposite of their publicly claimed goals -- or worse .
For instance , science is revealing ever more flaws with two of the best - loved ideals of many American Republican politicians today : theocracy ( rule by religious edict ) and plutocracy ( rule by the rich ) .
Two forms of governance which Republicans have worked diligently to either bring about or maintain domestically for decades now .
Many Republicans would like nothing better than to convert America into a Christian version of 2007 Iran .
Or 2007 Hong Kong .
Or perhaps even 1940 Nazi Germany .
Just so long as some form of robustly Republican priest - kings ( or financiers ) ruled the roost into perpetuity .
To see more on this topic , select a link below :
Why the Right Wing attacks science June 13 , 2008
Neocons and the truth : Bitter enemies to the end Glenn Greenwald ; May 8 , 2008
" In other words , a tiny , extremist minority in Congress is ensuring that the rate of teenage pregnancy and sexually transmitted diseases remains unnaturally high because it prefers to cling to its ideological dicta rather than accept the facts that demonstrate the cost of its misinformation . "
-- Think Again : The Costs of Enforced Sexual Ignorance By Eric Alterman , George Zornick | May 8 , 2008
Doubt is Their Product = The Republican War on Science Squared May 27 , 2008 by Chris C. Mooney
BACK to Newz& Viewz ...
The page or resource that you are accessing is unavailable or an error has occurred .
This error occurred at 09/30/2020 09:34:07 and has been logged .
" push in the doors , "
" getting to the top "
" ... we are the people you do not see .
We are the ones who drive your cabs .
We clean your hotel rooms .
And suck your cocks . "
" make it "
" Without the cogs , there would be no machine . "
" America . "
Michelle Williams Talks About Her Last Year of Misery
No matter who you are it is always hard when you lose someone very close to you in a tragedy , but then if you are famous the world gets to watch you grieve .
That is exactly what has sentover the edge since the death of her ex-boyfriendlast January .
This is the first time that Michelle has openly talked about what effect Heath 's death has had on her and their daughter Matilda Rose .
We have some excerpts from her candid interview with Newsweek magazine where the actress talks about her hatred toward the paparazzi .
" It burns a fire inside of me , the shit that I 've seen people do to get at me or my daughter .
I wo n't forget it , and I wo n't support it .
I do n't want my daughter growing up feeling spied on or threatened . "
" If it gets to the point where I can't situate my life in a way that they stay away more , then I 'll drop a match on the thing .
I 'll be sad .
I like acting .
It 's saved my life over and over again .
It 's given me a sense of self - esteem , self worth .
I have this thing that I am in love with ... and now it has this baggage . "
Williams is unsure of the future for her and her daughter .
Not only is she considering a move out of New York City but is thinking of ending her acting career as well .
Find out what Michelle had to say when she confronted an overzealous photographer at Starpulse
My letter , in the October 19 Sunday WCF Courier [ Oct. 19th , 2008 | 10:33 am ] reykr WCF Courier , Sunday , October 19 , 2008 6:16 AM CDT
Read about another swindle
JERRY BAKER
CEDAR FALLS ---
My residence in Cedar Falls , is in a " financial district . "
It 's next door to the Lincoln Savings Bank , half a block from both the US Bank and the Cedar Falls Credit Union , and a block from the Liberty Bank and Wells - Fargo .
In 1917 , my mother 's boy friend was her cousin Willie Simon .
He was apparently not related to the William Simon that was U.S. Treasury Secretary during 1974 - 1977 .
However , he was related to my mother 's uncle John Schmidt , who , in 1917 , was President of the Elliott Savings Bank in Montgomery County , near Red Oak .
All three of them were related to Orlando Schorr , who later became President of a bank at Batesville , Ind .
Willie Simon was drafted into World War I , and my mother married Leo Baker in 1930 .
Just before the United States entered that war , our politicians bailed out the Wall Street bankers , reimbursing them for huge , unsecured loans to European governments .
Those governments had spent the money for U.S. - made war materials .
U.S. taxpayers got their worthless IOUs .
Discussion about the swindle was suppressed by professionally organized pro-war demonstrations , propaganda hoopla about " freedom " and " democracy , " and " sedition " laws to imprison anyone who told the truth .
One man , Richard F. Pettigrew , courageously defied the federal sedition law , and made the Feds back off , from prosecuting him .
Read about it , on Pages 373-387 , of Pettigrew 's classic book , " Triumphant Plutocracy , " For an online version , Google " Jerry Baker triumphant plutocracy . "
For my blog , Google " Reykr . "
http://www.wcfcourier.com/articles/2008/10/19/opinions/letters_to_editor/10688121.txt
---------------------------------------------------
This is a link to the online version of " Triumphant Plutocracy " :
http://books.google.com/books?hl=en&id=JULLSNa-aLEC&dq=pettigrew+triumphant+plutocracy&printsec=frontcover&source=web&ots=qDrPja-BKb&sig=xVVq9OnUz1hsrQv-Q8RkG44uoaU&sa=X&oi=book_result&resnum=1&ct=result
--------------------------------------------------------------------
" Thought For The Week , " just posted today , by Roger Darlington , a British blogger :
“ In a time of universal deceit , telling the truth becomes a revolutionary act . ”
British writer George Orwell ( 1903 - 1950 )
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Midway announced today that it 's bringing five games to the iPhone and iPod Touch , and not a single of them is Mortal Kombat .
The publisher announced that it will be repackaging its relatively popular Touchmaster Nintendo DS games for Apple 's portable do - it - all machine .
Prismatix , Dice King , Combo 11 , Carpet , and Spellwinder -- all games from the original portable title -- will all be available by month 's end for $ 0.99 a piece .
Or , if you 're feeling saucy , save a buck and go with the Touchmaster Volume 1 bundle of all five for $ 3.99 .
But back to the whole Mortal Kombat thing ... am I the only one who wants to tap Sub - Zero 's head off ?
Or slide Sonya Blade in half ?
Or rub out Kano 's instestines !
Hook it up , Midway !
Nicola Sturgeon told to ' forget ' second independence referendum in landslide poll
SCOTLAND should not have another independence referendum and should respect the " once in a lifetime " result from 2014 , Express.co.uk readers have claimed in our exclusive poll .
Abstract
By fitting a bell curve to historical phosphate production data , the best fit is obtained by assuming an ultimate recoverable resource of approximately 9 billion tonnes ( of which about 6.3 billion tonnes have already been mined ) .
This yields a peak in around 1990 .
Of course , the USGS claims an ultimate recoverable resource of some 24.3 billion tonnes ( i.e. 18 billion remaining ) ; however using this value yields a bell curve that is an inferior match to the historical data .
A hypothesis is thus presented whereby phosphorus is considered in two broad forms : “ easy ” which is able to be mined quickly , but already peaked in 1990 , and “ hard ” which has large remaining reserves and is yet to peak , but can not be mined as quickly .
( In reality there are probably many different forms ranging from very easy to very hard . )
Just as with oil , estimates that lump all types of reserve in together will yield a theoretical peak that is high and distant , however the true system may involve periods of decline after exhausting easy - to - get reserves before other supplies come online to replace them .
Ultimately we must develop a recyclable phosphorus supply if humans are to continue living on this planet .
This is a guest post by James Ward .
James has a background in science and engineering and is ASPO - Adelaide coordinator for ASPO - Australia .
This post appeared previously on Energy Bulletin .
Phosphorus is absolutely essential to plant , animal and human life .
Since the Green Revolution the global human food supply has grown to depend on high - yield agriculture using artificial phosphorus fertilizers .
These are derived from finite , exhaustible reserves of guano ( bird and animal droppings ) and phosphate rock .
For those of us who care whether our children will have food to eat , world phosphorus production is literally a life - or - death issue .
White & Cordell have already made an excellent start at addressing this critical issue by applying Hubbert - type bell curves to gain insights into “ Peak Phosphorus ” .
Their analysis assumes a known Ultimate Recoverable Resource ( denoted RURR ) , and uses this value to constrain the set of bell curves being fitted to the data .
Calculations
If we assume a remaining resource of 18 billion tonnes of phosphate rock ( in line with the stated USGS reserve estimate ) , and add to this the 6.3 billion tonnes that have already been mined , RURR is 24.3 billion tonnes [ * ] .
Assuming cumulative production Q at time t conforms to the following basic relationship :
where a and k are positive constants , and are the fitting parameters .
It follows that the rate of production P is defined as the derivative
which is a symmetrical bell - curve , underneath which the area is equal to RURR .
Figure 1 shows the annual and cumulative production predicted using this theory , based on RURR = 24.3 billion tonnes .
Figure 1
This is , for all intents and purposes , the result of White & Cordell ’s model , however they use it to urge planning for a low - phosphorus future .
However , recent experience of the Peak Oil and Climate Change debates demonstrates the reluctance among politicians , industry , and community to accept a need to plan for even imminent crises .
Urging action on a resource peak as far away as 2033 would most likely elicit zero response .
White & Cordell ’s critical message could easily disappear over the planning horizon set by myopic governments .
A far more urgent message is needed since the phosphate supply situation is almost certainly more pressing than suggested by White and Cordell ’s prediction of a 2033 peak at production levels approximately 50 % higher than today .
This is shown by the compelling predictions obtained when one uses the historical performance of the system ( world phosphate mining ) to predict future behaviour rather than forcing the behaviour to accommodate the URR estimates of the USGS .
Statistically , the predicted curve for P matches historical production with a coefficient of determination ( R2 ) of 0.882 .
For Q , the R2 term is 0.911 .
Visually , it appears that the model could be improved since neither the annual nor cumulative production curves provide a match to historical data .
The high production peak of 220 million tonnes per annum in 2033 is therefore questionable .
By allowing the phosphate reserve to be adjusted down from the USGS estimate , we can obtain a better fit to the historical data set , for both annual and cumulative production .
Figure 2 shows the curves obtained by assuming an ultimate reserve of 9 billion tonnes ( including the 6.3 billion already consumed – i.e. only 2.7 billion remaining ) .
Figure 2
What we see in Figure 2 can only be described as a perfect match for the cumulative production history , and a very good match to the historical annual production figures , including the downturn of the 1990s .
The goodness - of - fit is reflected in the R2 values , which are 0.973 and 0.999 for P and Q respectively .
The critical outcome of this analysis is that it suggests the 1990 downturn is a final peak , with no recovery .
That indeed presents an urgent message for governments to act on securing renewable , recyclable phosphorus supplies and transitioning towards more appropriate ( less wasteful ) agricultural methods .
While it may be somewhat overzealous to suggest that the USGS estimate of remaining reserves should be brought down from 18 billion tonnes to a figure as low as 2.7 billion tonnes , it is compelling to see that this figure results in such a good fit to the historical data .
This at least suggests that the USGS reserves should be called into question .
Perhaps the best way to frame the debate from here is to suggest that , like oil , the world has been endowed with a given quantity of “ easy ” phosphorus ( e.g. rich island guano deposits in places like Nauru ) that can be – and have been – mined quite rapidly , as well as a larger endowment of lower - grade phosphate rock .
While the easy phosphate has passed its peak , the low - grade phosphate should be considered separately .
Figure 3 shows an example forecast where the total area under both curves ( equal to RURR ) is 24.3 billion tonnes , but the “ easy ” phosphorus ( purple ) is 9 billion tonnes as in Figure 2 .
Assuming the production history is mostly related to easy phosphorus , the fitting parameters ( a and k ) for the “ hard ” phosphorus cannot be established .
Therefore , the height and timing of the secondary peak are unpredictable .
Figure 3
Like unconventional oil , the reserves may be big , and given the crucial role of phosphorus in the world food supply , we can expect heroic efforts to bring new supplies online from low - grade sources .
However , several significant questions remain :
How quickly can “ unconventional ” low - grade phosphate supplies be brought online to replace dwindling conventional supplies , and how will we grow food in the interim ?
What is the environmental cost ( e.g. waste rock , greenhouse emissions , landscape degradation , heavy metal contamination ) of mining low - grade phosphate ?
How economic will it be to continue mining low - grade phosphate rock as energy costs rise , and how high must the price of fertilizer be to sustain this ?
What will we eat when the low - grade phosphate rock runs out ?
This last question is really the main subject of White & Cordell ’s website , where they are urgently recommending the rapid , widespread uptake of phosphorus recycling to prevent catastrophic starvation due to exhausting our finite fertilizer sources .
Unlike oil ( which is simply burnt ) , we have the opportunity to recover phosphorus by closing loops in our food - nutrient cycle .
Furthermore , if we fail to learn how to recycle phosphorus , we will find agriculture disappearing – and us with it .
References :
White & Cordell ( 2008 ) Peak Phosphorus – the sequel to Peak Oil
http://phosphorusfutures.net/index.php?option=com_content&task=view&id=1...
Historical data obtained from USGS minerals fact sheets :
http://minerals.usgs.gov/ds/2005/140/
[ *]
White & Cordell used tonnes of elemental phosphorus , not total phosphate rock , so their reserve and production figures were smaller than those used here ; however , we are essentially talking about the same thing .
Related Post :
The Oil Drum reprinted an earlier Energy Bulletin post called Peak Phosphorous , written by Patrick Déry and Bart Anderson .
Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints
The Mormon Church – also known as the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints or the LDS Church – has a unique organizational structure and culture .
Historically , the Mormon Church has been an insular religious community .
Most male members in good standing will become “ priesthood holders ” and gain authority and “ callings ” to leadership over others in the church .
Unfortunately , too often , abusers manipulate this trust and reverence to prey upon children .
Historically , LDS bishops and stake presidents often insisted on handling allegations internally , and strongly discouraged intervention by outside authorities .
The response by the local LDS church ( either at the ward or stake level ) was often to remove the perpetrator ’s calling without warning the rest of the ward or stake about the reason for the discipline .
Whatever the intent , such actions can allow predators to continue to victimize children .
Too often , people who are abused within an LDS congregation feel that nothing will be done if they report abuse , and so they instead suffer in silence .
Those who have survived Mormon abuse often have conflicting feelings of doubt , shame , confusion , and anger .
At the same time , many remain deeply loyal to the LDS faith .
We understand this conflict .
The Mormon abuse attorneys at Crew Janci LLP have represented dozens victims of abuse in cases against the LDS Church .
If you have suffered abuse in the LDS Church and would like to talk to someone about your options , please contact us today or call toll - free at 1-888-407-0224 .
We ’re in trouble now , people .
The Somalis of Minneapolis are joining the jihad .
That ’s according to a story that came out this weekend claiming that young Somali - Americans are flocking to dear old Somalia to join the jihad .
Sounds pretty scary , but if you read through the story with a cold eye , you start to get the feeling it ’s mostly hype .
This is good practice for you rookie war nerds , so I ’ll quote the whole first paragraph and you tell me , what ’s wrong with this picture ?
“ The funeral for Shirwa Ahmed last week in Burnsville , Minnesota , punctuated a growing national security threat metastasizing inside the U.S. — one Homeland Security and law enforcement authorities have quickly taken note of .
Ahmed , who killed himself in a suicide bombing attack in Somalia in October , is just one of up to 40 men from the Twin Cities area who have disappeared and are feared to have returned to their homeland for training with the al - Shabaab terrorist group to wage jihad . ”
You have to think about this story like you were an Al Qaeda Human - Resources manager .
Here ’s the situation : you ’ve got this volunteer , Shirwa , who lives in Minneapolis and he ’s ready to give his life for the global jihad .
What a catch !
He can probably speak American English , and if his family came here when he was 12 or younger he maybe even speaks without an accent .
That means that he can pose as a black American , somebody whose family has been here for hundreds of years and has no connection to Al Q .
If you ’re from the Al Q. HR Department , you ’re thanking Allah for a catch like that .
And you send him to Somalia as a suicide bomber ?
See the problem here ?
It makes no friggin ’ sense at all , in global jihad terms .
For Osama and his friends , that ’s like sending a billion - dollar - plus B - 2 bomber on a kamikaze mission to blow up a stop sign .
There just are n’t that many guys who speak American English who are willing to work with Al Q. , and when you get one , you pamper him , groom him , fatten him up for some high - value mission that involves boarding passes and box cutters .
You do not , repeat not , use him as human hamburger .
Especially in Somalia .
What targets are left in that wasteland ?
There ’s not a thing worth the life of a major asset like a Minnesota - raised Somali .
I mean , if nothing else , just think of the comedy possibilities , with this skinny black smiling jihadi talking like the people in Fargo , sawing away at the pilot ’s throat with a boxcutter but trying to be Minnesota nice about it : “ Oh golly , gosh darn it , I ’m gonna have ta cut your throat but I sure hope you have a nice day in the meantime ! ”
The article mentions a few Americans who ’ve died fighting for al - Shahaab , but they ’ve all died fighting in Somalia .
Somalia ai n’t worth shit .
So either the connection between al - Shahaab and Al Qaeda is all hype , or — and this is where I ’d put my money — they ’re so damn stupid they can’t coordinate their personnel , do n’t have the vision to see what use you could make of guys like Minnesota Shirwa , and send them off to die in the scrub like any ignorant Somali goat herder .
The only proof the article gives that al Shahaab looks so far like another loud - talking Islamist woof troop .
By the way , “ Shahaab ” which means “ meteor , ” is also the name of a much more serious weapon , an Iranian ballistic missile based on a North Korean design .
These Somali shouters are quoted telling America , “ We ’re coming for you !
We ’re going to exterminate you all ! ”
Yeah .
I seem to remember a hairy dead guy named Arafat who used to talk that way just before his puissant PLO guerrillas got splattered all over the floor again .
Woofing does n’t prove a thing .
The quietest military power on earth is China .
As long as guys like Shirwa from Minneapolis are flying out of American airports to Somalia , they should get upgraded to first class and helped on their way .
If they want to come back , that ’s a different story .
But here again , you gotta read smart , think it through , not just let the scare - stories get to you .
If you were going to be a sleeper jihadi working against America , would you — I mean , for God ’s sake — would you go to a terrorist training camp in Somalia that ’s bound to be full of double agents ?
That ’s the surest way on this planet to announce yourself as a terrorist suspect and make every no - fly list around , not to mention the very good chance of just getting quietly shot with no questions asked .
If you were a real terrorist with a real organization , you ’d convert to the Baptists , study electrical engineering in Alabama , blog on Free Republic about wiping out the Muzzies , and then , after a few years of living la vida un - loca , board a domestic flight with , say , a sharpened piece of plastic from the frame of your carry - on bag .
Big , big difference between that and pulling your suicide string to blow up a roadblock in Puntland .
What ’s probably happening with these Somali idiots is that they ’re joining the long , long line of American kids who got bored with being rich and living the easy life and decided to go get themselves killed for a bunch of treacherous bandits fighting under a fancy name with “ freedom ” in it , off in some godforsaken part of the world where all the locals would sell their firstborn for the chance to live in the cushy American neighborhood these idiots left behind .
That ’s been going on forever .
Everybody knows about the American commies who volunteered for the Spanish Civil War , but there are dozens of other examples of Americans who should ’ve minded their own business getting killed for people that washed about once a year .
Just on a hunch , I googled “ American volunteer Greece Independence ” because I just knew that the 1820s Greek war against the Turks was the sort of thing that would ’ve drawn all the bleeding - heart trust fund brats on the East Coast to go waste their lives .
And sure enough , look what I found :
“ Another young American who fought in Greece was Jonathan Miller of Vermont .
In July 1824 , the Boston Greek Committee accepted his application to go to Greece .
Boston , New York , and other big cities had committees gathering money , supplies , and offering political support for Greece .
As aide - de- camp for General Jarvis , Miller was in the thick of things and wrote articles that were published and widely read in America .
He saw action near Nafplion where he met the most famous of American volunteers , Dr. Samuel Gridley Howe . ”
If you want proof how nothing ever frickin’ changes , just look at what this idiot Miller wrote about his big adventure : “ With the Greeks I am willing to suffer for the cause of religion and freedom .
Call me in America a crusader , or what you will , my life is devoted to the overturning of the Turkish Empire .
God is on the side of the Greeks . ”
So there you go .
Vermont farmboys fighting Muzzies on behalf of sleazy Greek bandit chiefs , Brooklyn commies practicing their Madrid lisps for the proletariat and dear old Uncle Joe , or Somali immigrant kids quitting their jobs at Starbuck ’s or Kinko ’s to give their all for the noble cause of some khat - chewing gunslingerclan boss — there ’s one born every minute .
And luckily for everybody , there ’s one dying every minute too , dying stupid .
Gary Brecher is the author of the War Nerd .
Send your comments to brecher@exiledonline.com .
Click the cover , buy the book !
Posted 07 November 2008 - 08:53 AM
http://rmhh.co.uk/fi...ne_carriers.pdf
JAPANS SUBMERSIBLE I-400 AIRCRAFT CARRIERS
In many ways HIJMS I - 400 was decades ahead of her time .
She was the worlds largest
submarine with a length of 400 - ft and a surface displacement of 3,530 tons .
Above her main
deck rose a 115 - ft. long , 12 - ft diameter , hangar housing three torpedo - bombers .
These float
planes were rolled out through a massive hydraulic
door onto an 85 - ft pneumatic catapult , where they
were rigged for flight , fuelled , armed , launched ,
and after landing alongside , lifted back aboard
with a powerful hydraulic crane .
The I -400 was
equipped with a snorkel , radar , radar detectors ,
and capacious fuel tanks that gave her a range of
37,500 miles :
One and a half times around the
world .
She was armed with eight torpedo tubes , a
5.5 - in 50 - cal deck gun , a bridge 25 mm antiaircraft
gun , and three triple 25 mm A/ A mounts atop her
hangar .
The advent of guided missiles and atomic
bombs transformed her from dinosaur to an
overspecialised undersea menacing strategic
threat .
Airfield Under the sea‏ .
Down load this and read it .
Very interesting .
JAPANS SUBMERSIBLE I-400 AIRCRAFT CARRIERSIn many ways HIJMS I -400 was decades ahead of her time .
She was the worlds largestsubmarine with a length of 400 - ft and a surface displacement of 3,530 tons .
Above her maindeck rose a 115 - ft. long , 12 - ft diameter , hangar housing three torpedo - bombers .
These floatplanes were rolled out through a massive hydraulicdoor onto an 85 - ft pneumatic catapult , where theywere rigged for flight , fuelled , armed , launched , and after landing alongside , lifted back aboardwith a powerful hydraulic crane .
The I -400 wasequipped with a snorkel , radar , radar detectors , and capacious fuel tanks that gave her a range of 37,500 miles :
One and a half times around theworld .
She was armed with eight torpedo tubes , a 5.5 - in 50 - cal deck gun , a bridge 25 mm antiaircraftgun , and three triple 25 mm A/ A mounts atop herhangar .
The advent of guided missiles and atomicbombs transformed her from dinosaur to anoverspecialised undersea menacing strategicthreat .
A VETERAN
Whether active duty , retired , national guard or reserve - is someone who , at one point in their life , wrote a blank check made payable to " The United States of America " for an amount " up to and including their life " .
That is HONOR , and there are way too many people in this country who no longer understand it .
- Author unknown -
DEATH IN GAZA : Mother of devastated family calls on God to take revenge , writes Hazem Baloushain Jabaliya and Rory McCarthyin Jerusalem
THE FAMILY house was small : three rooms , a tiny kitchen and bathroom , built of poor quality bricks with a corrugated asbestos roof , in block four of the Jabaliya refugee camp in northern Gaza .
There are hundreds of similar homes crammed into the narrow streets , filled with some of the poorest and most vulnerable families in the overcrowded Gaza Strip .
But it was this house , where Anwar and Samira Balousha lived with their nine young children , that had the misfortune to be built next to what became late on Sunday night another target in Israel 's devastating bombing campaign of Gaza .
An Israeli bomb struck the refugee camp 's Imad Aqil mosque at about midnight , destroying the building and collapsing several shops and a pharmacy nearby .
The force of the blast was so massive it also brought down the Baloushas ' house , which yesterday lay in ruins .
The seven eldest girls were asleep together on mattresses in one bedroom and they bore the brunt of the explosion .
Five were killed where they lay : Tahrir ( 17 ) , Ikram ( 15 ) , Samer ( 13 ) , Dina ( 8 ) and Jawahar ( 4 ) .
They were the latest in a growing number of civilian casualties in Israel 's bombing campaign .
At least 315 Palestinians have been killed and as many as 1,400 injured .
On the Israeli side , two people have been killed by Palestinian rockets .
Israel 's military offensive continues and may yet intensify .
Imam ( 16 ) lay in the room with her sisters but by chance survived with only injuries to her legs .
She was eventually pulled free and rushed to hospital .
" I was asleep .
I did n't hear anything of the explosion , " she said yesterday as she sat comforting her mother .
" I just woke when the bricks fell on me .
I saw all my sisters around me and I could n't move .
No one could see me from above .
The neighbours and ambulance men could n't see us .
They were walking on the bricks above us .
I started to scream and told my sisters we would die .
We all screamed : ' Baba , mama .
Come to help us '. "
Her parents had been sleeping in the room next door with their two youngest children , Muhammad , aged one , and Bara 'a , a baby girl just 12 days old .
Their room was damaged and all were hurt , but they survived and were taken straight to hospital even before any of the older girls were found .
Imam eventually recognised her uncle 's voice among the rescuers and she shouted again for help .
" He found me and started to remove the bricks and the rubble from me .
They started to pull me by my hands , the bricks were still lying on my legs . "
Her mother , Samira ( 36 ) had seen the pile of bricks in the girls ' bedroom and was stricken with grief , convinced they were all dead .
Like all the family , she too was asleep when the bomb struck .
" I opened my eyes and saw bricks all over my body , " she said .
" My face was covered with the concrete blocks . "
She checked on her two youngest children and then looked in the room next door .
" I did n't see any of my daughters , just a pile of bricks and parts of the roof .
Everyone told me my daughters were alive , but I knew they were gone . "
She sat on a sofa surrounded by other women at a neighbour 's house further along the street and struggled to speak , pausing for long moments and still overcome with shock .
" I hope the Palestinian military wings retaliate and take revenge with operations inside Israel .
I ask God to take revenge on them , " she said .
Her husband , Anwar ( 40 ) , sat in another house where a mourning tent had been set up .
He was pale and still suffering from serious injuries to his head , his shoulder and his hands .
But like many other patients in Gaza he had been made to leave an overcrowded hospital to make way for the dying .
Yesterday his house was a pile of rubble : collapsed walls and the occasional piece of furniture exposed to the sky .
He spoke bitterly of his daughters ' deaths .
" We are civilians .
I do n't belong to any faction , I do n't support Fatah or Hamas , I 'm just a Palestinian .
They are punishing us all , civilians and militants .
What is the guilt of the civilian ? "
Like many men in Gaza , Anwar has no job , and like all in the refugee camp he relies on food handouts from the UN and other charity support to survive .
" If the dead here were Israelis , you would see the whole world condemning and responding .
We are living in our land , we did n't take it from the Israelis .
We are fighting for our rights .
One day we will get them back . " - ( Guardian service )
Today , we are publishing another list of 13 online free web based applications that are very helpful for you to process your daily work ( Part 3 ) .
Whether you are designer , developer , office worker , manager , supervisor , student , home user , etc .
But we make sure to add something interesting for everyone .
Most of them are not very well - known , but they are really amazing in respect to their features .
Just take a look at them and share your thought here .
You are welcome to share if you know more online free web applications that our readers / viewers may like .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed and you can follow us on twitter as well .
Cozi
Cozi is a free web service that helps families manage crazy schedules , track shopping and to - do lists , organize household chores , stay in communication and share memories ’ all in one place .
Iterasi
Iterasi , makes it simple for any Web user to save the dynamically generated pages that are increasingly becoming the bulk of today ’s Web experience .
With iterasi , CSS , JavaScript , AJAX , and database driven technologies , like PHP and ASP , can all be saved in their current state ” with the push of a button .
PurpleTrail
PurpleTrail is a new way to organize and manage parties , get - together , events and meetings .
It is the first ever event organizer that lets you create , invite and evolve plans along with your friends , colleagues and family in true web 2.0 style .
140it
140it shrinks your twitter messages down to 140 characters by reducing words , removing extra spaces and Shrinking URL ’s with bit.ly
Onehub
Onehub is a web application that provides everything you need to easily and securely share business information and files with partners , customers , coworkers , and suppliers .
Roxer
Roxer is an easy - to - use , free online tool that lets anyone create beautiful web pages without programming .
It takes a new approach to making web pages , based on the idea that you should never have to bother with code .
Social Mention
Social Mention is a social media search engine that searches user - generated content such as blogs , comments , bookmarks , events , news , videos , and microblogging services .
TiltShiftMaker
Tilt - shift miniature style photos are pictures of real - life scenes that are manipulated to look like model photographs .
Now you can easily transform your existing digital camera photos into tilt - shift miniatures using tiltshiftmaker .
Dataopedia
Dataopedia is one - stop - resource for finding website facts , and the service can be accessed via the website , the mobile site , embeddable widgets for your website , and browser add - ons .
Whatever suits you best and feels more comfortable to use .
Listingly
Listingly helps you to manage your lists online .
Share them with others , or keep them private .
You can also print lists , or pull them up on your phone , anytime , anywhere .
Checkvist
With Checkvist you can easily work with multiple outlines or hierarchical to - do lists .
Extensive use of keyboard navigation and shortcuts allows you to create an outline exactly with your typing speed .
Getgoaling
Getgoaling is a platform that enables users to set goals and action plans necessary to achieve those goals .
It enables sharing of experience among users having similar goals .
Users can share goals with only few members of their choice who can support and motivate them , or with the community at large .
BlindSpeak
BlindSpeak allows users to send synthesized messages through the web .
The service has a wide arrange of uses , from sending a unique “ happy birthday ” message to your friend – to sending a more serious , anonymous message to someone .
Washington bears guilt for Gaza war crimes
29 December 2008
The Israeli massacre of Palestinians in Gaza is a war crime for which not only the government of Israel but also that of the United States bears full responsibility .
The relentless bombing campaign , which in its first 48 hours has left at least 300 dead and 1,000 wounded , is a deliberate slaughter of innocent civilians and an act of state terror .
The toll of casualties , many of them women and children , is certain to rise .
As Israeli Defense Forces ( IDF ) Chief of Staff Lieutenant - General Gabi Ashkenaz put it , " This is only the beginning . "
The pretense that this assault is an act of retaliation for the recent scattered rocket attacks that have been carried out against Israeli territory from inside Gaza is preposterous .
Israel , with the collaboration of Washington , has been preparing the current bombing campaign and threatened ground assault for months , under the cover of the supposed cease - fire with Gaza 's Hamas - led administration .
" These people are nothing but thugs , " said White House spokesman Gordon Johndroe , who insisted that Israel was only acting to " defend itself " against " terrorists . "
This is the official story that is largely echoed by the mass media and endorsed by the leadership of the Democratic Party .
Few bother to point out that not a single Israeli was killed by the homemade rockets that supposedly justified Israel launching its Gaza bombardments and killing 300 ( one Israeli died in a rocket attack afterwards . )
Such a disproportionate response is hardly an aberration .
During the last eight years , barely a score of Israelis have died in rocket and mortar attacks from Gaza .
During the same period , Israeli forces have killed nearly 5,000 Palestinians .
Nor is there much concern over the fact that Israel chose to launch its bombing in the most crowded and desperately poor urban area on the face of the earth precisely at the hour that schoolchildren were making their way home .
Under these conditions , ritualistic US statements urging Israel to " avoid civilian casualties " amount to mocking the victims .
Having maligned an entire people as " thugs , " the White House has given the green light for a bloodbath .
More importantly , it has provided the indispensable resources for carrying out this crime , assuring Israel more than $ 3 billion a year in US military aid and supplying the IDF with the deadly tools of its trade — F - 16 fighter jets , Apache attack helicopters , TOW and Hellfire missiles and the fuel and spare parts needed to keep them in operation .
The dispatches from inside Gaza provide a graphic accounting of what Washington got for its arms and money .
Safa Joudeh , a freelance journalist in Gaza City , writes : " There were piles and piles of bodies in the locations that were hit .
As you looked at them you could see that a few of the young men were still alive , someone lifts a hand , and another raises his head .
They probably died within moments because their bodies were burned , most had lost limbs , some of their guts were hanging out and they were all lying in pools of blood . "
Ewa Jasiewicz reports from Gaza : " We saw a bearded man , on a stretcher on the floor of an intensive care unit , shaking and shaking , involuntarily , legs rigid and thrusting downwards .
A spasm coherent with a spinal chord injury .
Would he ever walk again or talk again ?
In another unit , a baby girl , no older than six months , had shrapnel wounds to her face .
A relative lifted a blanket to show us her fragile bandaged leg .
Her eyes were saucer - wide and she was making stilted , repetitive , squeaking sounds . "
The Israeli newspaper Haaretz carried a report from its correspondent on the scene : " Relatives search among the bodies and the wounded in order to bring the dead quickly to burial .
A mother whose three school - age children were killed , and are piled one on top of the other in the morgue , screams and then cries , screams again and then is silent . "
The New York Times , hardly known for its sympathy for the Palestinians , acknowledged : " Still , there was a shocking quality to Saturday 's attacks , which began in broad daylight as police cadets were graduating , women were shopping at the outdoor market , and children were emerging from school .
" The center of Gaza City was a scene of chaotic horror , with rubble everywhere , sirens wailing , and women shrieking as dozens of mutilated bodies were laid out on the pavement and in the lobby of Shifa Hospital so that family members could identify them .
The dead included civilians , including several construction workers and at least two children in school uniforms . "
This is not self - defense ; it is premeditated mass murder .
The aim of the " shock and awe " campaign , as the assault on Gaza is widely described in Israel , is similar to that conducted by the US against Iraq — regime change .
Neither the Zionist regime nor Washington accepted the victory of Hamas in the 2006 Palestinian election — hailed by the Bush administration ( before the results were known ) as part of a flowering of democracy in the Middle East wrought by American militarism .
In response , the US and its Israeli ally did their best to provoke a Palestinian civil war and military coup and , when this proved ineffective in ousting Hamas from power in Gaza , subjected the territory 's one - and - a - half million people to relentless collective punishment .
They imposed a siege that choked off supplies of food , medicine , potable water and electricity , condemning masses of people to poverty , unemployment , hunger and disease .
The present killing represents a qualitative escalation of this merciless policy of making life for the people of Gaza so intolerable that the Hamas regime would fall .
The New York Times Sunday gave a concise analysis of the real relationship between the Israeli blockade and the rocket attacks from Gaza .
The siege , it stated , had led to " the near death of the Gazan economy , " adding , " While enough food has gone in to avoid starvation , the level of suffering is very high and getting worse every week . "
Hamas had entered a cease - fire with Israel in a bid to reopen trade and alleviate this suffering .
While the rocket attacks , supposedly Israel 's main concern , fell " dramatically in the fall to 15 to 20 a month from hundreds a month , " the Times noted , " Israel said it would not permit trade to begin again because the rocket fire had not completely stopped ... "
It was this intransigence that led to the collapse of the Israeli - Hamas cease - fire .
From the outset , Israeli actions have been motivated not by concerns for security , but rather by political aims .
In the first instance , there is the desire to oust the Hamas administration in Gaza .
Also in play are the desires of the Zionist establishment and military to offset the humiliation they suffered in Lebanon in 2006 .
For Washington , support for and direct complicity in Israeli war crimes is bound up with a wider strategic policy of creating a new order in the Middle East , one designed to assure undisputed US domination of the region and its oil wealth .
Israel represents the junior partner in this bloody venture and is allowed to satisfy its aggressive appetites because they are seen as furthering US imperialist interests .
Regime change in Gaza is viewed by US policymakers as a steppingstone to similar changes elsewhere , particularly in Syria and Iran .
Indeed , the unfolding events in Gaza foreshadow a broader intervention in the Middle East and the threat of a new war against Iran .
It is not , it must be noted , merely a question of the US and Israel .
The assault on Gaza has enjoyed the direct or tacit support of the Arab bourgeois regimes , in the first instance that of Egypt , which has set up machineguns on its border with Gaza to shoot down fleeing Palestinians .
The West Bank - based Palestinian Authority of President Mahmoud Abbas has likewise offered justifications for Israel 's crimes .
The Bush administration has pursued its policy in the Middle East with relentless violence for the past eight years .
There is no indication , however , that it will fundamentally change with the transfer of the White House to President - elect Barack Obama in less than a month .
Obama has maintained a discreet silence on Gaza , while consulting with Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice from his vacation home in Hawaii .
His aides have complacently insisted that there is " one president at a time " and it would be inappropriate for the advocate of " change we can believe in " to voice an opinion on the slaughter being carried out with US - supplied warplanes , bombs and missiles .
Elements of the Zionist establishment in Israel have voiced suspicion about Obama 's policies , and there have been some suggestions that his approaching January 20 inauguration may have played a role in the timing of the Israeli assault .
It strains credulity , however , that Israel would have carried out its actions without prior consultations not only with the Bush administration , but with the Obama camp as well .
Rather than trying to push through its Gaza attack out of fear of a less sympathetic environment in Washington after Obama enters the White House , it is far more likely that the Israeli government was doing Obama a favor by carrying out a crime that he supported before he had to take public responsibility for it .
The reality is that the Democratic president - elect has sworn to maintain US support for Israel and has repeatedly defended Israel 's " right to self - defense , " including during its criminal war against Lebanon in 2006 and in regard to its repeated attacks on Gaza .
He has likewise promised to maintain the US pledge of $ 30 billion in arms aid to Israel over the next decade .
Those he has chosen as his top aides — the congressman and former Israeli citizen Rahm Emanuel as chief of staff and his former presidential rival Hillary Clinton as secretary of state — are known for having criticized the Bush administration for being insufficiently supportive of Israeli aggression .
During the election campaign last summer , Obama made a trip to the southern Israeli town of Sderot , which had been a target of rocket attacks from Gaza , to provide an explicit justification for the kind of assault now being waged .
" If somebody was sending rockets into my house where my two daughters sleep at night , I 'm going to do everything in my power to stop that , " Obama said during the visit .
" And I would expect Israelis to do the same thing . "
He uttered not a word of sympathy for the Palestinians and gave no indication of what actions he expected from parents in Gaza who have watched their children torn to pieces by US - supplied bombs and missiles .
Meanwhile , Democratic Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi issued a statement providing an explicit endorsement of the Israeli bombing campaign .
" When Israel is attacked , " she said , " the United States must continue to stand strongly with its friend and democratic ally . "
The response of Obama and the Democrats to the ongoing atrocity in Gaza represents a stark warning .
Far from representing a last gasp of militarist aggression on the part of the lame duck Bush administration , the assault on Gaza is an indication of the shape of things to come .
The coming to office of the new Democratic administration will not spell an end to the crimes associated with US imperialism , but rather their continuation .
Driven by the deepest economic crisis since the Great Depression , American militarism will play an ever more prominent role in Washington 's desperate struggle against its rivals for the domination of dwindling markets and vital resources .
The struggle against war and the fight to hold accountable the authors of war crimes from Iraq to Gaza can be advanced only through the independent mobilization of the working class in a new mass political movement based upon a socialist program .
Bill Van Auken
Americans have a strong love affair with real estate .
The idea of private property is deeply ingrained in our investing psyche .
For a big part , the latest housing bubble would have never happened if people did n’t have a fertile mental ground in believing sometimes blindly to the myth of real estate .
We are now left with the aftermath of a bursting bubble .
Yet is this it ?
What one year ago seemed to be an extreme scenario now seems to be a daily utterance .
That is , this is the worst economic collapse since the Great Depression and the historical data backs this idea .
The shocking unemployment report that came out on Friday cemented the notion that this calamity is only accelerating .
Market analyst were expecting job losses for November to come in at 350,000 but when the 533,000 number came out , the worst in 34 years the market was initially stunned .
Yet the market rallied and ended the day up .
Why ?
The notion going forth is this is simply the effects of the worst which is clearly behind us .
I believe to a certain extent that the NBER announcing that the recession started in December of 2007 is a way to try to convince people that we are closer to the end than the beginning .
Of course , there are more valid reasons but take a look at the timing .
You mean they had to wait until a few days ago to tell us we have been in recession for a full year ?
As I discussed in detail in a previous article , each subsequent bailout grows exponentially more troublesome and why would we believe that we are closer to the bottom ?
Today we are going to examine real estate during the Great Depression and compare it to our current market .
This will be a challenging exercise since real estate during that time was very different from our current situation and data is sparse .
But we have pocket markets like the Florida boom of the 1920s that can serve as a template for high flying states like California , Nevada , Arizona , and yes even Florida again .
If we believe that we can learn something from history , then it is important to look at a time period in our nation ’s history and hopefully we can learn lessons that will serve us well today and tomorrow .
This is part XXIII in our Great Depression series :
17 . The All Hat and No Cattle Nation
18 . Charity for Financial Deviants .
19 . The Silent Economic Depression
20 . The Four Horsemen of the Economic Apocalypse
21 . The Big Change
22 . The Infection of Consumerism and Living Fake Lives .
The Boom and the Bust
It is important to note that home building during the Great Depression dropped by 80 % between the years 1929 and 1932 .
It is also the case that many families owned farms which clearly is n’t a factor in today ’s market .
But we can use current measures and try to determine how deep our current decline is in relation to the past .
Keep in mind that when you read 1929 – 1932 you may get a psychological feeling that this was a short timeframe .
Remember that in late 1929 we saw the peak of the stock market and the bottom was n’t reached until the middle of 1932 and it lingered near the lows for a very long time .
If we follow a similar timeline with our market peak in October of 2007 , then we can expect a bottom in the summer of 2010 .
Of course that is simply an observation .
The past does n’t dictate the future .
Yet our current real estate bubble is more problematic since it is global .
First , let us examine the 80 percent drop during the Great Depression with current housing starts during this bubble :
The housing market , at least measured in housing starts hit a peak in early 2006 .
We have fallen off a cliff since that time .
Keep in mind that housing starts react much quicker to the downside than say real estate values .
Why ?
Well builders have their ears to the ground and are deep in analysis for future building projects .
This is n’t an exact science ( obviously ) yet any significant contraction in starts is a sign that market saturation is starting or profits are no longer to be found .
That is why back in 2006 when we saw this decline while prices were going up and the stock market was roaring , we knew we had a leading indicator telling us trouble was ahead .
The above chart is telling .
Since the peak in housing starts , they have now fallen by a stunning 70 % in 2 years .
That is on par with the Great Depression figure of 80 % from 1929 to 1932 .
Keep in mind that there are no signs or even reasons for builders to build for the near future since the market is flooded with excess housing units .
I have gathered the homeowner vacancy rate for the past 48 years and this chart should be telling :
* Click for sharper image
The current homeowner vacancy rate is the highest ever recorded .
It is at 2.8 and has fallen from the peak of 2.9 in the first quarter of 2008 .
With nearly 5 decades of data , the average vacancy rate stands at 1.5 .
The current rate is for all intents and purposes at a record high .
Now 2.8 percent may seem tiny but we are talking millions of homes here .
2.8 is nearly 80 percent higher than the average rate over the past half century !
It is very possible that we may see that 80 percent fall since builders really have no economically fundamental reason to be building in the current market .
On the contrary , next year is expected to have grimmer numbers with more foreclosures flooding the market which will only add more inventory .
That is why I have argued that California and other bubble states will not see bottoms well into 2011 .
Bubble States
The Florida real estate market during the 1920s witnessed a massive speculation .
In terms of bubble states and historical data , we have much information on the bubble during this time .
In fact , there are 4 states that had near exact bubble speculation during this current bubble .
Those 4 states are California , Florida , Nevada , and Arizona .
They have been running up the foreclosure numbers higher for the entire nation .
How so ?
Take a look at this data :
October 2008 foreclosure filings :
Nationwide : 279,561
California : 56,954 *
Florida : 54,324
Nevada : 14,483
Arizona : 17,507
* Recent drop because of SB 1137
So what this means is for the latest data , the 4 states above made up 51 % of all nationwide foreclosure filings !
Keep in mind that the California number is artificially low because of SB 1137 which is simply bottling up a blast of foreclosures that will hit us in Q1 or Q2 of 2009 .
If we look at data that is pre-SB 1137 California is in utter free fall :
August of 2008 foreclosure filings :
California : 101,724
The bill was signed into law in July and of course this data was much to soon too reflect those changes .
So has California really seen a drop in foreclosures that amounts to nearly 50 % in a few months ?
Yes .
But the legislation and data is horrifically misleading .
All it does is requires lenders to take a few additional steps to contact and work with borrowers but there is nothing you can do when someone purchased a home for $ 550,000 ( L.A. County median peak ) and is now selling for $ 355,000 .
All you are doing is wishing .
This will only make the numbers look low for the forth quarter of 2008 .
2009 we will face the incredible tsunami of option ARM recasts that will flood the state .
So how far have California prices fallen ?
Take a look at 2 measures for the entire state :
Now I know many readers will see these drops and must think , “ wow , a near 50 % drop in slightly over one year !
Prices must be near a bottom . ”
They are not and I have argued this succulently in 10 reasons why California will not face a bottom until May of 2011 .
But we need a rubric .
How bad did prices fall in the 1920 Florida real estate bust ?
Let us look at some records :
Now it is hard to get an accurate figure of price falls .
Some places became worthless because they were built on swamplands and had no intrinsic value beyond the mania .
But the above bank clearings from Miami are stunning .
Bank clearings for Miami fell 86 % over the above timeframe from 1925 at the peak to 1929 .
We can use this measure as a good indicator of the fall of interest in a bursting bubble .
You will also make note that from 1929 to 1939 the country was in depression and this real estate bust occurred prior to that .
So there was n’t a bottom and then a quick jump up .
What it does show is that people can go from one bubble ( Florida real estate ) to another ( stocks in 1929 ) .
This double bubble is as American as apple pie since we went from the technology bubble right into the real estate bubble .
What were some of the reasons during the mania given to people to buy Florida real estate ?
[ from Only Yesterday ]
“ 1 . First of all , of course , the climate - Florida ’s unanswerable argument .
2 . The accessibility of the state to the populous cities of the Northeast - an advantage which Southern California could not well deny .
3 . The automobile , which was rapidly making America into a nation of nomads ; teaching all manner of men and women to explore their country , and enabling even the small farmer , the summer - boarding - house keeper , and the garage man to pack their families into flivvers and tour southward from auto - camp to auto - camp for a winter of sunny leisure .
4 . The abounding confidence engendered by Coolidge Prosperity , which persuaded the four - thousand - dollar - a - year salesman that in some magical way he too might tomorrow be able to buy a fine house and all the good things of earth .
5 . A paradoxical , widespread , but only half - acknowledged revolt against the very urbanization and industrialization of the country , the very concentration upon work , the very routine and smoke and congestion and twentieth - century standardization of living upon which Coolidge Prosperity was based .
These things might bring the American businessman money , but to spend it he longed to escape from them - into the free sunshine of the remembered countryside , into the easy - going life and beauty of the European past , into some never - never land which combined American sport and comfort with Latin glamour - a Venice equipped with bathtubs and electric iceboxes , a Seville provided with three eighteen - hole golf courses .
6 . The example of Southern California , which had advertised its climate at the top of its lungs and had prospered by so doing : why , argued the Floridians , could n’t Florida do likewise ?
7 . And finally , another result of Coolidge Prosperity : not only did John Jones expect that presently he might be able to afford a house at Boca Raton and a vacation - time of tarpon - fishing or polo , but he also was fed on stories of bold business enterprise and sudden wealth until he was ready to believe that the craziest real - estate development might be the gold - mine which would work this miracle for him .
Crazy real - estate developments ?
But were they crazy ?
By 1925 few of them looked so any longer .
The men whose fantastic projects had seemed in 1923 to be evidences of megalomania were now coining millions : by the pragmatic test they were not madmen but - as the advertisements put it - inspired dreamers .
Coral Gables , Hollywood - by - the - Sea , Miami Beach , Davis Islands - there they stood : mere patterns on a blue - print no longer , but actual cities of brick and concrete and stucco ; unfinished , to be sure , but growing with amazing speed , while prospects stood in line to buy and every square foot within their limits leaped in price . ”
We have been here before .
This seems like a template of how things will play out in bubble states .
What occurred during this bubble is people forgot the lessons taught to us during the Great Depression and here we are repeating them .
I am struck by this notion being thrown around that we should put a bottom on housing prices .
Why would we want to legislate unaffordable housing to Americans ?
That is what will happen .
In fact , people took on riskier and riskier loans because of higher prices .
Either way , the idea is absurd and is part of the dumb and dumber bailout model we are currently living through .
Did You Enjoy The Post ? Subscribe to Dr. Housing Bubble ’s
Blog to get updated housing commentary , analysis , and information .
Always the class act , VP Cheney admitted to Chris Wallace yesterday that he did indeed tell Patrick Leahy to " go f*ck himself " on the Senate floor four years ago when the Vermont Senator chided him about his connection to Halliburton 's war profiteering .
WALLACE : Did you tell Senator Leahy , “ bleep yourself ” ?
CHENEY : I did .
WALLACE : Any qualms , second thoughts , or embarrassment ?
CHENEY : No , I thought he merited it at the time and we ’ve since patched over that wound .
In case you forgot the context , here it is from a June 25 , 2004 , CNN story :
Cheney , who as president of the Senate was present for the picture day , turned to Leahy and scolded the senator over his recent criticism of the vice president for Halliburton 's alleged war profiteering .
Cheney is the former CEO of Halliburton , and Democrats have suggested that while serving in the Bush administration he helped win lucrative contracts for his former firm , including a no - bid contract to rebuild Iraq .
If there 's one thing you have to admire about Dick Cheney , it would have to be his eager willingness to speak his mind with little to no regard for the consequences .
Cheney really is some sort of potty mouth .
Remember , back in 2006 , Bob Woodward revealed that Cheney cursed him out over his Kissinger meeting revelations .
Based on the story of the crucifixion of Jesus found in Luke 23 , this poignant account of redemption and grace weaves together the biblical events of the crucifixion and imagines the details of the life of the thief .
He recounts the events of that day as he experienced them then , and as he looks back later from the perspective of his new life in heaven .
Posted by hkwint on Dec 10 , 2008 8:22 AM EDT
LXer Linux News ; By Hans Kwint - The Netherlands Mail this story
Print this story
LXer Feature : 10 - Dec-2008
A few weeks ago , I installed Debian for the first time on the desktop .
Once , a friend and I installed a console - only version on another desktop and we connected remotely to his hosted game server which also ran Debian , so I hoped I should be a bit familiar with it .
I have to note however , I have run Gentoo for the past four years , and most of the times it 's hard to ' learn ' something else .
However , I still liked to try and find out for myself if Debian was an easy distribution to use .
So , how did I fare ?
New experience : legally download a BitTorrent file First of all , I had to retrieve an image to install Debian .
This was not hard , and I was glad Debian has really fast torrent uploading peers .
" I do n't want this to last an hour , so let 's choose the mini-image of less than 50 Mb called netinst " I thought ; because that was the fastest way to start installing the real thing .
I found the image by going to Debian.org , choosing " Getting Debian " in the tabs on the top of the site , and then choosing " BitTorrent " in the second paragraph .
Then I went for the ' Stable release ' and chose i386 ; because most of the time I 'm a bit afraid of the AMD64 versions .
I did n't bother too much about versions ; the version was pre-selected for me and I understood you can update your stable installation to a newer , more unstable version .
In a few minutes my image was ready to burn ; which went very fast because it was really small and Debian is the only distribution I know providing torrent - downloads which are faster than their FTP - servers .
I tested the md5sum I easily found using a search engine and insisted K3B should check my CD after I burnt it to make sure every bit was correct ; doing so could save you headaches later on .
The necessary configuration
Then , I experienced some minor frustrations .
First of all I chose " English " as my language , after which Debian assumed I lived in an English speaking country .
" Bad assumption " I thought .
After I found out I could choose ' Another country ' I was greeted with a non-alphabetical list ordered by continent .
Not very convenient in my opinion ; but views may differ .
After I chose The Netherlands , the next problem emerged .
Now I do have a QWERTY keyboard just like almost everyone , but because the Dvorak layout is more ergonomic that 's what I use ; normally Linux translates my QWERTY - input to Dvorak keys .
I was n't able to find the Dvorak keyboard layout in Debian 's list however , meaning I had to do the rest of the installation using the clumsy QWERTY - layout .
A missed opportunity , Gentoo supports Dvorak nowadays so I 'm really used to it .
I thought of a way to trick Debian , so I pressed Ctrl + F2 .
I was glad this worked and I ended up in an old fashioned terminal .
Nonetheless , once I found out it was ' sh ' this terminal was running , probably busybox , and not Bash , I was slightly frustrated again ; no bash means no history and tab completion .
But after all , this was a mini-image , so I could n't really complain ; apart from thinking " Gentoo mini-images do provide bash " .
For some reason I did n't remember the ' loadkeys ' command , and of course ' setxkbmap ' did n't work ; after which I decided to stay with QWERTY .
Blew it Then , I ended up at the partitioning phase .
First , I tested the auto - partitioning feature including LVM , but the choices made were not satisfactory to me .
Probably that 's because of me and not because of the choices made ; because I reserve the first 10G of the disk for Windows most of the time .
I tried changing this configuration using fdisk from the console because cfdisk was n't available - another missed chance .
I thought I succeeded , until the Debian installer gave errors and told me I had to reboot to apply these changes .
" What the heck , this is n't Windows , is it ? " I remember I thought .
So I went to the terminal again and tried to find the ' blockdev ' command , only to find out it was not there .
A ' blockdev - rereadpt ' command would probably have solved the issue without the need to reboot .
Again , Gentoo has it , Debian does n't meaning I had to reboot .
Rather sad in my opinion .
Yet , after rebooting , my new partition configuration was OK , but Debian only wanted me to use swap .
I had some RAM lying around here and there , so I foolishly did n't want to assign nor use swap .
Apart from some warnings , I was glad Debian was OK with this .
Only later on I would find out software suspend would n't work if I did n't use swap , but I was glad Debian told me I could include swap and swsusp later on after installation by means of using dpkg - reconfigure .
Some interesting thing I noted was the Debian installer menu is a ' sequential ' menu , and not a nested one like I remember the FreeBSD installer to be .
Normally , you do n't see this sequential menu because you just go through the steps unless you use the ' back ' choice in one of the menus .
Looking at this sequential menu , you can figure out how much more steps the installer has to take before all is ready .
The ' minor - improvement ' part of my brains thouht " Quite nice , and it would be even more nice if there was some sort of counter how much steps were done and how much more were coming .
But probably that 's kind of hard using ncurses " .
On the other hand , Debian does deserve bonus - points for offering the option of encrypted LVM , though I did n't use this option .
Hush , what do I hear ?
Progress bars !
At some point Debian even showed some progress bars ; something the Gentoo user is not used to .
" Rather great , now at least I know how long I have to drink my tea " I contemplated while watching the bar .
I 'd say the core utilities and configuration files were installed at this moment ; basic stuff every GNU / Linux operating system needs to function .
Interesting to note is the system chose an URL to download from itself .
As far as I could tell there was no option to select a mirror or find out which mirror was the fastest .
Gentoo has this as an extra option while installing , by means of running the mirrorselect script .
Again , another missed opportunity .
After that , Debian asked me if they were allowed to receive some anonimized statistics which packages I installed .
Normally I 'm not to keen to take part in this kind of surveys , but then I noted this was an opt - in system ; turned off by default .
" Ah , they respect not to bug people " I cheered , and I was so glad it was opt - in that I decided to join this survey .
After that , even one more progress bar , this time with an ETA - counter !
I soon would found out that timer came in quite handy because whatever was happening now took a looong time .
After that the installer told it was cleaning up .
" Hmm , you would only do that if you made a mess ' I sarcastically noted .
Anyway , it is not a problem if someone makes a mess provided it is cleaned up .
Finally the installer asked me if it had to install GRUB to the Master Boot Record , and I answered " Yes " .
Without any warning , Debian decided to eject my CD .
That was quite a wrong decision , because there 's some kind of door in front of my CDROM .
I was quite glad it was open at that moment so no damage occurred ; a warning would have been nice .
Afterboot (8 ) Now the good news .
Everything worked !
Soon , I found out I installed Gnome .
" WTF , did I do that ? " I asked myself .
Normally , I 'm not a fan of Gnome , and I completely forgot Debian comes with Gnome , if I ever knew that in fact .
" So , where 's the start menu ? " I asked myself , soon after which the answer came , " Above , fool ! " .
I browsed around a bit , not being used to a start menu in Linux , and noted " at least there 's Freecell , so I will never be bored " .
That 's when I wanted to start Firefox - or more correct : IceWeasel , but I could n't find it .
I used Epiphany for some time but I became a bit annoyed ; so I decided to install IceWeasel .
I opened a terminal and tried to sudo but I was not in the sudoers file .
Something that one has immediately to correct , but sadly I could n't copy my Gentoo sudoers file , so I added to the sudoers file hoping to enter the right line , which later would prove to be the wrong line .
After that , I found out I had to use apt - cache .
Now , I 'm rather confused by the whole apt - thing .
You have apt - get , but by default it does nothing unless given an option , and there 's apt - cache .
" Why ca n't this just be one function like ' emerge ' which defaults to installing something if invoked without options ? "
I blamed the apt- makers .
Then , a fine solution came to my mind : Go to HowToForge !
Without much delays , I found the " Perfect Debian Desktop " article and started to follow the instructions , leaving away what I did n't want .
This all went quite well , and soon I was using Synaptic to do package management ; and I even found out IceWeasel was installed by default and was even in my start - menu !
Nevertheless , soon I was surprised because Synaptic wanted me to install slapd .
Now , I did n't even have any idea what the heck slapd was , so I figured out I made a mistake during package selection .
It turned out I did nothing wrong and this was quite usual , and after trying to get rid of slapd as fast as possible I had to set up postfix and SSL certificates .
Thinking really hard " Leave me alone , I did n't ask for this ! " did n't resolve the issue , so I tried to hit ' Cancel ' as much as possible .
Then came a new surprise , Synaptic wanted me to insert the CD again !
" Why on earth would that be " I wondered , " I 'm connected to Internet ; downloading would be much faster .
Stupid Windows ways of doing things ! " .
At least it worked , and even GPM worked though I did n't configure it , so I was quite glad .
However , soon after that , every time I started a root terminal I received a warning I was granted permissions without asking for authentication .
The message box inured my anxious mind this was no error , but I thought it was because I made a fault in my sudoers - file .
I took out the line I added , bringing the sudoers file back to its original state , but that did n't resolve the issue : I still could start root terminals without authentication .
In normal language : Without giving a password .
I could n't figure out why .
Ignoring some stupid advise Almost at the end , HowToForge advised me to install Automatix .
I 'm glad this failed , because I remembered some bad reviews about Automatix in the past .
I read some more about it , saw some of its code , and the more I read and saw , the more happy I was I did n't use Automatix .
Shortly thereafter , I was adding new installation sources to my /etc/apt/sources .
list file to be able to add non -free packages .
Now , I was quite happy that part worked , so I became a bit reckless and tried to update to the testing branch .
How far am I ?
I found some resources on the Debian site how to update , and it did n't take long before I was copy - pasting commands to update to testing .
However , these commands executed really quick , and I wondered if something happened at all .
I could n't find out .
I tried to read the apt - output - which was quite new to me - but did n't know how far I was .
After that , I became confused .
" Which version of Debian am I running right now ? " I asked myself .
An uname - a revealed the kernel version , and by looking at some tables at Distrowatch I found out I was still running Etch * .
After a while it seemed I could n't reach Lenny , and resorting to trying to update to " unstable " did n't help either .
Most of all , I was annoyed at myself not knowing how to find out why the update process failed .
One indication was , the Debian documentation does provide copy and paste console commands , without explaining what does what and most important why you need this certain commands .
After all , Gentoo help is better because it does tell you these things .
After this failure , I had enough of it and decided to switch my monitor to my Gentoo PC .
It provided me with the ' Everything in its right place " feeling again ; an indication how ' locked - in ' my knowledge was to a single distribution .
And worst : I gave up on Debian for a while .
* Please note this is a faulty approach , my kernel could have been updated without ' uname - a ' reflecting this because a kernel update would only take effect after rebooting .
However , if the kernel would have been updated apt - get would have probably asked me to reboot or if it should update GRUB , and it did n't .
Conclusion
So , what did I reach ?
I successfully installed Debian , I learned it features Gnome and after all I am able to work with Gnome and Synaptic more than I thought , I learned its quite easy to find documentation and help for Debian and I learned I heave problems understanding Debian versions in combination with the sources - list file and apt - output .
I also learned Debian misses some small features which could be added with minor efforts , like Dvorak support , a blockdev - command , maybe bash and that kind of things .
Also , I appreciate the ubiquitous Gentoo USE - flags again .
Sometimes they are a real annoyance , most of all because their number grows faster than the population of developing countries , but at least they prevent ' stupid things I do n't use nor want ' like slapd and postfix from being installed .
And , most important , I learned I do n't need wine to play FreeCell .
I 'm not sure what 's next : I may install Fedora 10 or I may continue using Debian .
Sadly not on this particular computer :
It goes to my sister and I promised I would find a legal second - hand XP license and install Windows XP on it .
XP has it quirks , but my sister knows them and how to circumvent or live with them .
The same goes for Gentoo ; and that 's why my sister keeps using XP and I keep using Gentoo .
The same goes for Debian : you have to know its quirks to work with it on a day to day basis .
If you do , I 'm sure it provides an equal or better working environment than Gentoo and XP do .
But just like with XP and Gentoo , you need some time to become familiar with it .
And that 's the thing I lack right now , meaning I 'm back to Gentoo again until ' adventure ' calls again .
Subject : THE GREAT MORMON MONEY MACHINE
Date : Mar 19 10:43 2005
Author : Inside - outsider
THE GREAT MORMON MONEY MACHINE
It 's the World 's Perfect Business Scheme and you can do it too .
Just start your own " Afterlife Insurance Company " then make the greatest promise humanly imaginable -- promise your clients that if they totally obey you and pay their premiums , after death they 'll become Gods !
In fact , polygamous Gods who'll have eternal sex with innumerable partners !
Until then , they 'll enjoy moral supremacy over all humanity .
You do need to claim that you 're a prophet of God however , but this is the easiest claim on earth to make and no one can prove you 're lying .
HERE'S YOUR BIG PAYOFF
Using the power of your " Afterlife Insurance Company " :
You demand a whopping ten percent of each client 's income for their policy premiums and ...
You publicly humiliate anyone who questions you or fails to pay .
This power is so great that ...
You can even ban clients from attending things like family weddings !
And yet , the absurd irony is ...
You do n't have to prove to anyone that your Afterlife Insurance Company actually works , so ...
You are worry free because , in this business , all your disillusioned customers are dead .
Therefore ...
You never pay off a single claim ( although you literally promised the Universe ) .
Then , incredibly ...
You reverse the Burden of Proof -- If others do n't magically know you 're right -- they 're wrong !
Now ...
You destroy rational thought with the delusion that deeply feeling it 's true is all that matters .
Soon ...
You addict clients so forcefully to your fantasy they fear they can't live without it !
From all this ...
You urge mass lying ( re : the Emperor 's New Clothes ) by saying " All worthy people will know it 's true . "
You now multiply this gullibility with the following arsenal of business weapons --
You exploit your very clients as free labor to run your business for you , even on Sundays .
You command a massive volunteer sales force that must actually pay its own expenses .
You endure almost no outside government interference and with limited regulation and ...
You have no inner accountability either , such as member or stockholder oversight !
Better yet ...
You run a company that pays no taxes , but instead enjoys tax - subsidized dues .
Then for comfort ...
You answer only to your inside buddies for your personal pay and perks !
But not stopping there ...
You find abundant opportunities for nepotism and cronyism even outside the firm , because ...
You freely raise large venture capital funds for unrelated business schemes .
And all this time ...
You enjoy total administrative , financial and clubhouse secrecy .
Now , Jaded by your aloof stature ...
You callously use emotional , social and spiritual extortion as powerful revenue tactics .
Coldly ...
You hold hostage a family 's togetherness in the hereafter , plus their closeness here .
And amazingly ...
You even intimidate your clients literally down to their underwear .
Then for good measure ...
You claim the right to acquire all their worldly possessions too !
Your disrespect is so deep that ...
You require them to make dour commitments , before even telling them what they 're agreeing to !
Yet ...
You still passionately kindle their hero worship with great theatrical skill , because , as Matthew put it ...
You wear charming sheep 's clothing that makes False Prophets seem so totally respectable .
Finally ...
You exercise massive social , political and economic clout .
And the proverbial " fruits " abound --
You and your cohorts rule vast empires wielding your colossal power and wealth !
This Great Mormon Money Machine is perfect ,
it 's just Lies , Dollars and Sanctimony
Two facts expose this money - making scheme : ( 1 ) The LDS church is one of the wealthiest religions in America while , ( 2 ) Mormon - dominated Utah is consistently first in personal bankruptcies .
The Church gets rich -- as members get poor .
These two undisputed facts display the final outcome ( fruits ) of Mormonism and , according to Matthew , such fruits reveal False Prophets .
Subject : Wow !
You hit it !
Date : Mar 19 11:30
Author : Fred
An insurance policy for the afterlife .
You could n't have stated it better .
Religion preys upon the natural fear of human beings does n't it ?
Fred
Subject : BINGO
Date : Mar 19 12:00
Author : NoLihoma
I 've maintained this for a long time -- the temples are nothing more than the money machine of the church .
It 's plain and simple extortion .
Convince people that the ONLY way they can be with their families in the eternities is to get into YOUR building and go through a ritual and the ONLY way to get into the building is to give you 10 % of their income and voila !
You have the best scam in the world .
Top it off with the fact that just going to the building once is not enough .
You have to keep going ( i.e. , keep forking over the 10 % ) .
Then get your CEO to convince people that the company needs to put less money into it 's money machines and THEY have to keep them running .
Less money in -- more money out .
The best point you made , though , is that they never have to pay out any claims , just keep collecting the premiums .
I love how the sheep get so excited when the CEO announces a new money machine will be built .
They do n't even realize they 're playing right into the corporation 's greedy hands .
Subject : Re : THE GREAT MORMON MONEY MACHINE - a must read
Date : Mar 19 12:51
Author : Painted Pony
How I wish this could be printed on the front page of every newspaper in the corridor , archived at every mo info website , shouted from the roof tops , etc !
And how about all the busy work for the dead - pure genius !
Please archive this for future readers !
Subject : I agree Painted Pony , this post should be ARCHIVED ...
Date : Mar 19 14:20
Author : Ex -Policy - Holder
I feel like I 've just watched a big Boxing Match where the other guy could n't even life a glove !
Someone should copy this post and footnote it point - by - point with solid documentation -- A lot of outsiders ( and some TBM's ) might not believe it otherwise !
WHAT A SLAM !
Subject : Loved it .
Thanks .
My only criticism ...
Date : Mar 19 18:22
Author : bob mccue
is that this program is as old as dirt .
The real question , in my view , is why does generation after generation of humans fall for this scam ?
There is a lot of good literature out there on this point .
I think we minimize the nature of the problem by portraying those who believe as simple dupes , stupid people etc. or those who run the scam as consciously dishonest .
The social and pyschological forces are far more sophisticated than that .
That being said , I loved the way you laid the mechanism bare .
All the best ,
bob
Subject : Re : My only criticism ...
Date : Mar 19 18:44
Author : Inside - outsider
I think what happens over time is that the institution naturally finds what works and what does n't work , then saves what suits its interest best -- and discards the rest .
The process is gradual and the institution can always conveniently frame things as " doing God 's will " .
Still , there are points in time when even the best among the leaders " knows better " and decides to be intentionally ignorant ( faith promoting facts / history etc. ) .
This is where dishonesty enters and power is the final motivation .
When power is in contradiction to principle , power has almost always won .
Examples ?
Thanks
Subject : Re : My only criticism ...
Date : Mar 19 18:54
Author : bob mccue
I agree with you concerning the evolutionary nature of the process .
However , that does not address its effectiveness and hence the respect we should have for those who are caught in its web .
It is not enough , in my experience , to show people how ridiculous their faith system is .
That does not move them .
There are only two things that move people in this regard .
First , they are held in place by powerful emotional and social forces and can be moved by similar emotional and social forces .
Second , for those who are intellectually inclined , an analysis of their belief system in its social context that shows how it is virtually identical to many other systems they reject out of hand is sometimes effective .
See http://home.mccue.cc:10000/bob/documents/rs.religious%20faith%20-%20enlightening%20or%20blinding.pdf at pages 78 - 84 for the kind of thing I had in mind at the intellectual end of the spectrum .
Pages 40 - 62 are also relevant .
But please do n't get the idea that I am seriously critical of your analysis .
It is a useful summary of the social control mechanisms Mormonism uses .
All the best ,
bob
Subject : I see social , especially youthful , conditioning as a major factor ...
Date : Mar 19 20:40
Author : Inside - Outsider
in the acceptance of ideas and actions that would be unacceptable or very uncomfortable under any other circumstance .
If every infant in Salt Lake were to be transported and raised in Rome , and every infant in Rome likewise transported and raised in Salt Lake , most of the original Mormon kids in Rome would grow up to be devout Catholics , and most of the kids in Salt Lake would grow up to be good Mormons .
YET , if asked , the grown individuals in both groups would insist sternly that they came to their respective faiths completely on their OWN .
And I 'm no different .
I once read the Iliad and was totally impressed by the historic journalism the author used .
He was very careful to include all the facts and gain the credibility of the reader .
Then - all of a sudden - he started to talk about how the Gods started to interfere in the battle !
The whole story was instantly ruined for me !
How could anyone have taken his account seriously after that ?
Then I realized that this story was really no different than the detailed accounts of the Hebrews in Egypt .
All that beautiful historic detail -- and then a bunch of magic stuff !
Yet I never had any trouble at all reading the Old Testament ; I was conditioned for it .
When it was the GREEKS who were talking , however , the stupidity of their account was totally upsetting to me .
Subject : Agreed ...
Date : Mar 20 12:49
Author : bob mccue
Mail Address : mccuer@telusplanet.net
See http://home.mccue.cc:10000/bob/documents/rs.van%20hale%20show.pdf starting at page 8 .
It seems we are attracted to the same analogies .
All the best ,
bob
Subject : Re : Agreed ...
Date : Mar 20 14:39
Author : Inside - outsider
It 's a matter of taking EXACTLY the same facts , but putting them in a different context .
Many good Mormons will have to admit that most of the points in this " Money Machine " post are based on fact -- but -- they 've beet " twisted " .
They are responding to the context environment you 've mentioned .
Yet , GBH has said himself that if the church is n't true , it 's a fraud .
This post is the fraud context and is a perfectly valid consideration by GBH 's own observation .
Subject : Very well put ... I 've copied and saved this for future discussions !
Date : Mar 20 18:36
Author : Empowered
I used a similar analogy in one of my ( mostly Mormon students ) college classes ... something along the lines of : Say Bill Gates is starting up a new company .
He wants you to come to work for him .
He tells you what a WONDERFUL opportunity it will be , but says " Do n't quit your day job , because you wo n't be getting paid for this wonderful opportunity .
Furthermore , you will need to pay ME 10 % of everything you earn from your other job .
And , you will need to take two years off from that day job and fund your own recruiting mission where you share the WONDERFUL opportunity with others !
You wo n't get any money for this , it 's most certainly not an MLM , BUT you will be furthering MY company because these new recruits will also have to pay 10 % ! "
Most people responded ... " I 'd tell him to go to hell ! "
Well , then may I suggest you tell your church the same ???
Do n't they GET IT ?
Apparently not !
Subject : Re : Very well put ...
Date : Mar 20 23:18
Author : Inside - Outsider
This is the same thing Bob M. said :
When you put the SAME thing in an unfamiliar context , it suddenly becomes absurd .
Still , members do n't see it .
Here 's another one : Would the GA 's ever sign a contract with a business if that business said the church could n't even READ the agreement until AFTER the ink was dry ?
It 's absurd .
Yet that 's basically what the LDS church asks its members to do when they go through the Temple !
Agree first , then we 'll tell you the terms .
It 's absurd -- and it happens every day .
Subject : I agree that this is how it looks from the outside , but the GA 's do n't think this way .
Date : Mar 21 00:11
Author : Observer
The picture you paint would be accurate if the people at the top were living a life of wealth and ease , but that ain't the case .
Misguided and deluded they may be , but church leaders spend way too much time in meetings and travel etc - to the detriment of their personal lives - to be doing it for other than sincere reasons .
If you could point to any church leader who owned a big mansion , personal jet etc , then the ' scam ' picture would ring true .
I believe that the church is very money - conscious but the leaders feel that this is for the advancement of ' the kingdom ' .
Note : Hinckley lives in a $ 1,200,000 + condo ( per city tax records ) in SLC .
The 12 receive huge stipends and live quite well at tithe payers expense
Subject : Re : I agree that this is how it looks from the outside ......
Date : Mar 21 01:17
Author : Inside - Outsider
True , it 's hard to know an individual 's motivations - approval , recognition , ego , wealth - but it 's much easier to know the OUTCOME of their actions .
And it 's outcome that finally matters .
It 's entirely possible to do an arrogant or unjust thing in a humble manner .
It 's entirely possible that priests during the Inquisition prayed and wept for their victims as they were sent off to be tortured and killed .
This is why Matthew spoke of sheep - like appearances , but wolf - like actions .
And we do , at least , know of past authorities , like Brigham Young and Joseph Smith , who did abuse their power and became wealthy - or were in the attempt .
Subject :
You reveal more about yourself than you do about the leadership .
Date : Mar 21 01:37
Author : anonymous express
YOU would do it for a mansion .
YOU will never be a great Mormon leader .
They would want to be known and loved as great Mormon leaders who put their church interests above any other , which happens to include an economic empire .
They are capable of ignoring all member interests with this attitude .
Anyone can see that the Mormon church can't end or change its function , because it 's a huge holding company now .
http://www.signaturebooks.com/excerpts/hier2.htm
In reaction to hostile critics , the First Presidency issued this formal statement in 1907 : " The charge that the Church is a commercial rather than a religious institution ; that its aims are temporal rather than religious ; that it dictates its members in their industrial activities and relations , and aims at absolute domination in temporal affairs , �all this we emphatically deny . "
5
The difficulty with such a denial is that LDS leaders were stating criticisms of their church in the categories and assumptions of non-Mormons , but answering them in the categories and assumptions of Mormonism ....
Almost from the beginning , the business of the LDS church has been business .
Established in March 1832 , the same month Joseph Smith organized the First Presidency , the church 's " United Firm " included merchandizing , real estate , and publishing .
108 In 1841 Joseph Smith printed a revelation to establish a church hotel ( D& C 124:59 ) .
In 1870 Brigham Young publicly announced a revelation for Mormons to invest in a railroad .
109
In 1881 John Taylor privately dictated a revelation to organize an iron company , and in 1883 another revelation to invest tithing funds in a gold mine .
110
In the 1890s the hierarchy gave certain men the religious " calling " or obligation to invest thousands of dollars each in a sugar company .
111
During the first century of corporate Mormonism , current general authorities were partners , officers , or directors in nearly 900 businesses .
Most , but not all , of these were church - owned , church - controlled , or church - invested businesses .
112 However , a hierarchy - managed business has not necessarily been church - owned , - controlled , or - invested .
Also , general authorities have sometimes been absent from the board of companies owned or controlled by the LDS church .
Furthermore , some directorships have been honorary and lacked significant influence on the company .
Nevertheless , during the first third of the twentieth century it was possible for Latter - day Saints in and near Salt Lake City to have a cradle - to - grave economic association with businesses managed by LDS general authorities .
Many of these businesses were owned or controlled by the LDS church itself .
Subject : Monetary gain is not the only possible motivation that can explain unscrupulous behavior .
Date : Mar 21 07:07
Author : Bottoms Up
The idea that the Brethren are n't stinkin ' filthy rich and therefore they must have only pure motives is a red herring that TBMs often trot out , while ignoring the desire for power and unenlightened vanity , either of which can serve as a basis for impure motives .
History is full of stories of rich people whose continuing lust for power and glory spurred them onto tyranny after tyranny long after they had more personal wealth than they could possible enjoy .
One thing to keep in mind is that legal ownership of an asset without real control over such asset is worthless .
On the other hand , real and complete control over an asset without formal legal ownership can be quite valuable .
Control = power and there is no question about who controls the wealth of the LDS church .
They exercise this control without accountability and without public disclosure .
There is also no question that the top General Authorities enjoy financial security that 99 % of the world 's population would envy .
It is not appropriate to compare these self - proclaimed servants of god to the heads of Fortune 500 companies .
The First Presidency and the Apostles have much less stress and much less accountability .
Granted , they may not have the largest homes or ride in the most expensive cars in Utah , but they are well off by any reasonable standard and exercise control over wealth that is greater than the GNP of some nations .
Furthermore , they are treated like celebrities wherever they go in their kingdom and millions hang on to their every word , as though each word came from the creator of the universe .
Only the top General Authorities know what is really in their hearts .
But I see just at least as much evidence indicating that their motives may be impure as I do that their motives could be pure .
PICTURED : The Japanese snow monkeys who enjoy nothing more than a hot bath
Most monkeys are happy swinging in the trees of tropical jungles but from the look on the face of this one there is nothing like indulging in a hot bath after a long day .
These incredible pictures are of Japanese m acaques relaxing in a hot spring in Yamanouchi , central Japan .
Nicknamed the snow monkey , the cheeky - looking animals live a much chillier existence than their tropical cousins and they appear to like nothing better than keeping warm in steaming - hot pools such as this one .
Just the ticket : A Japanese monkey looks extremely relaxed in a hot spring in the ski resort town of Yamanouchi
Monkeying around :
The monkeys close their eyes as they soak up the steam from the spring
The inviting - looking spring is in a ski resort town and from the incredibly human - like expressions on their faces they could almost be a group of tourists enjoying a relaxing break .
In the pictures the red - faced monkeys , who are covered in bushy brown fur , cling to rocks as they soak themselves in the warm bath with one looking so relaxed he looks as if he 's yawning .
Welcome winter warmth :
The monkeys enjoy the hot spring in their snow - covered surroundings
The snow monkeys are the most northerly non-human primate in the world .
Sensibly they spend the winter - when temperatures drop to below freezing and snow covers their habitat - warming up in the volcanic hot springs .
Freezing fun :
A young monkey plays with one of its elders in the hot spring
I 'm so relaxed !
One of the monkeys yawns as it enjoys the hot spring with snow falling on its face
When it comes to the world of the very , very small — nanotechnology — we may have a big problem : Nano and its capacity to alter the fundamentals of nature could be failing the moral litmus test of religion .
In a report published today in Nature Nanotechnology , survey results reveal some sharp contrasts in the perception that nanotechnology is morally acceptable .
Those views , according to the report , correlate directly with aggregate levels of religious views in each country surveyed .
In the United States and in European countries where religion plays a larger role in everyday life , like Italy , Austria and Ireland , nanotechnology and its potential to alter living organisms or even perhaps lead to synthetic life is perceived as less morally acceptable .
In less religious European countries like France and Germany , individuals are much less likely to find nanotechnology ethically suspect .
" The level of ' religiosity ' in a particular country is one of the strongest predictors of whether or not people see nanotechnology as morally acceptable , " says Dietram Scheufele , a University of Wisconsin - Madison professor of life sciences communication and the lead author of the new study .
" Religion was the strongest influence over everything .
" The study compared answers to identical questions posed by the 2006 Eurobarometer public opinion survey and a 2007 poll by the University of Wisconsin Survey Center conducted under the auspices of the National Science Foundation - funded Center for Nanotechnology and Society at Arizona State University .
The survey was led by Scheufele and Elizabeth Corley , an associate professor in the School of Public Affairs at Arizona State University .
The survey findings , says Scheufele , are important because they reveal that even in the world 's elite technological societies , there is a dim view of the implications of a particular technology when it becomes a moral issue addressed by religion .
" What we captured is nanospecific , but it is also representative of a larger attitude toward science and technology , " Scheufele says .
" It raises a big question :
What 's really going on in our public discourse where science and religion often clash ?
" For the United States , the findings are particularly surprising , Scheufele notes , as the country is without question a highly technological society and many of the discoveries that underpin nanotechnology emanated from American universities and companies .
The technology is also becoming more pervasive , with more than 1,000 products ranging from more efficient solar panels and scratch - resistant automobile paint to souped - up golf clubs already on the market .
"
It 's estimated that nanotechnology will be a $ 3.1 trillion global industry by 2015 , " Scheufele says .
" Nanotechnology is one of those areas that is starting to touch nearly every part of our lives .
" To be sure that religion was such a dominant influence on perceptions of nanotechnology , the group controlled for such things as science literacy , educational performance , and levels of research productivity and funding directed to science and technology by different countries .
" We really tried to control for country - specific factors , " Scheufele explains .
" But we found that religion is still one of the strongest predictors of whether or not nanotechnology is morally acceptable and whether or not it is perceived to be useful for society .
" The findings from the 2007 U.S. survey , adds Scheufele , also suggest that in the United States the public 's knowledge of nanotechnology has been static since a similar 2004 survey .
Scheufele points to a paucity of news media interest and the notion that people who already hold strong views on the technology are not necessarily seeking factual information about it .
" There is absolutely no change in what people know about nanotechnology between 2004 and 2007 .
This is partly due to the fact that mainstream media are only now beginning to pay closer attention to the issue .
There has been a lot of elite discussion in Washington , D.C. , but not a lot of public discussion .
And nanotechnology has not had that catalytic moment , that key event that draws public attention to the issue . "
While much of the neo - Nazi fringe remains opposed to the existence of Israel , the whites - only British National Party recently declared its full - throated support for Israel 's attack on Gaza .
The shelling of Gaza City by Israeli forces has brought joy to the heart of BNP head of legal affairs Lee Barnes : " This sort of ' disinfecting ' process whereby Israel is required to sterilise areas of radical Islamist support ... is what all nations have to do in order to eradicate Islamist cells who have managed to take over territory either within or on the edges of their borders , " Barnes wrote on his blog on January 4 .
He continued , " Get used to the casualties -- for without them any nation so infected with Islamism will surrender , rot away into liberal apathy and then dies as it is taken over . "
Nick Griffin , the BNP 's Cambridge - educated , media - friendly chairman , echoed Barnes ' comments in an essay called " Israel 's Gaza affair : " " The Israelis will NEVER get unbiased reporting on the Brussels Broadcasting Corporation , despite being the only civilised country in the region & fighting for their very existance [ sic ] , " Griffin proclaimed .
" It is NOT our place to get involved but you are n't the only one to be 100 % behind them , they are an example to us all because the only thing the Islamic Terrorists understand is FORCE . "
Speaking beside David Duke , BNP chair Nick Griffin reveals the true motives behind his new strategy
Griffin's endorsement of Israel 's attack on Gaza marks the latest phase in his attempted transformation of the BNP from an anti-Semitic horde of football hooligans into a viable right - wing alternative to the Conservative Party .
Once an open denier of the Holocaust , Griffin published a pamphlet in 1997 called " Who Are The Mind Benders ? " that claimed Jews had conspired to brainwash the British people by dominating the media .
He immediately received a two year suspended sentence for inciting racial hatred .
After seizing control of the BNP 's chairmanship in 1999 , Griffin realized his neo -Nazi tactics had failed .
He shifted strategies , adopting a platform that closely mirrored that of Jean Marie Le Pen 's then - incipient Front National in France .
Griffin savaged the government for its supposedly soft handling of pedophiles , bashed homosexuals ( despite claims by former far - right activist Martin Webster to have engaged in a secret gay tryst with Griffin ) , and called for the dismantling of multiculturalism .
With Muslims immigrating to Britain in increasing numbers , Griffin assailed Islam in 2004 as a " vicious , wicked faith , " and claimed the " Islamification " of his country was a form of rape .
Islamophobia thus became the foundation of Griffin 's new strategic thrust .
In a 2007 essay , Griffin revealed the cynical motives behind his replacement of the BNP 's anti-Semitism with Muslim bashing : " It stands to reason that adopting an ' Islamophobic ' position that appeals to large numbers of ordinary people -- including un-nudged journalists -- is going to produce on average much better media coverage than siding with Iran and banging on about ' Jewish power ' , which is guaranteed to raise hackles of virtually every single journalist in the western world . "
During the spring of 2008 , the BNP campaigned through Jewish areas in London , blanketing neighborhoods with leaflets juxtaposing fearsome images of radical Muslims with a smiling headshot of Pat Richardson , the BNP 's only Jewish councillor .
" I'm in the BNP because no one else speaks out against the Islamification of our country , " Richardson declared .
Ruth Smeed of the Board of Deputies of British Jews observed with astonishment , " The BNP website is now one of the most Zionist on the web -- it goes further than any of the mainstream parties in its support of Israel and at the same time demonises Islam and the Muslim world . "
However , Smeed and a wide array of Jewish organizations in Britain were not fooled by Griffin 's new philosemitic patina .
They rejected his play for their votes and urged their constituents to do the same .
But while Britain 's Jewish community has largely rebuked the BNP 's cynical machinations , it is unclear where Israel stands on its support for the Gaza invasion .
Will the Israeli government publicly denounce the BNP 's support , or silently accept it in the face of mounting pressure from European governments to accept a cease fire ?
_______
About author Max Blumenthal is an award - winning journalist whose work has appeared in the New York Times , the Los Angeles Times , the Daily Beast , the Nation , the Huffington Post , the Independent Film Channel , Salon.com , Al Jazeera English , and other publications .
He is the author of the bestselling book Republican Gomorrah .
His new book , just published , is Max Blumenthal is an award - winning journalist whose work has appeared in the New York Times , the Los Angeles Times , the Daily Beast , the Nation , the Huffington Post , the Independent Film Channel , Salon.com , Al Jazeera English , and other publications .
He is the author of the bestselling book Republican Gomorrah .
His new book , just published , is Goliath : Life and Loathing in Greater Israel ( Nation Books )
Editor 's note : Joseph E. Stiglitz , professor at Columbia University , was awarded the Nobel Memorial Prize in Economic Sciences in 2001 for his work on the economics of information .
Stiglitz was chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers during the Clinton administration before joining the World Bank as chief economist .
Economist Joseph E. Stiglitz says the strategy followed by the architects of the bank bailout was flawed .
( CNN ) -- America 's recession is moving into its second year , with the situation only worsening .
The hope that President Obama will be able to get us out of the mess is tempered by the reality that throwing hundreds of billions of dollars at the banks has failed to restore them to health , or even to resuscitate the flow of lending .
Every day brings further evidence that the losses are greater than had been expected and more and more money will be required .
The question is at last being raised : Perhaps the entire strategy is flawed ?
Perhaps what is needed is a fundamental rethinking .
The Paulson - Bernanke - Geithner strategy was based on the realization that maintaining the flow of credit was essential for the economy .
But it was also based on a failure to grasp some of the fundamental changes in our financial sector since the Great Depression , and even in the last two decades .
For a while , there was hope that simply lowering interest rates enough , flooding the economy with money , would suffice ; but three quarters of a century ago , Keynes explained why , in a downturn such as this , monetary policy is likely to be ineffective .
It is like pushing on a string .
Then there was the hope that if the government stood ready to help the banks with enough money -- and enough was a lot -- confidence would be restored , and with the restoration of confidence , asset prices would increase and lending would be restored .
Remarkably , Bush administration Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and company simply did n't understand that the banks had made bad loans and engaged in reckless gambling .
There had been a bubble , and the bubble had broken .
No amount of talking would change these realities .
It soon became clear that just saying that we were ready to spend the money would not suffice .
We actually had to get it into the banks .
The question was how .
At first , the architects of the bailout argued ( with complete and utter confidence ) that the best way to do this was buying the toxic assets ( those in the financial market did n't like the pejorative term , so they used the term " troubled assets " ) -- the assets that no one in the private sector would touch with a 10 - foot pole .
It should have been obvious that this could not be done in a quick way ; it took a few weeks for this crushing reality to dawn on them .
Besides , there was a fundamental problem : how to value the assets .
And if we valued them correctly , it was clear that there would still be a big hole in banks ' balance sheets , impeding their ability to lend .
Then came the idea of equity injection , without strings , so that as we poured money into the banks , they poured out money , to their executives in the form of bonuses , to their shareholders in the form of dividends .
Some of what they had left over they used to buy other banks -- to pursue strategic goals for which they could not have found private finance .
The last thing in their mind was to restart lending .
The underlying problem is simple : Even in the heyday of finance , there was a huge gap between private rewards and social returns .
The bank managers have taken home huge paychecks , even though , over the past five years , the net profits of many of the banks have ( in total ) been negative .
And the social returns have even been less -- the financial sector is supposed to allocate capital and manage risk , and it did neither well .
Our economy is paying the price for these failures -- to the tune of hundreds of billions of dollars .
But this ever - present problem has now grown worse .
In effect , the American taxpayers are the major provider of finance to the banks .
In some cases , the value of our equity injection , guarantees , and other forms of assistance dwarf the value of the " private " sector 's equity contribution ; yet we have no voice in how the banks are run .
This helps us understand the reason why banks have not started to lend again .
Put yourself in the position of a bank manager , trying to get through this mess .
At this juncture , in spite of the massive government cash injections , he sees his equity dwindling .
The banks -- who prided themselves on being risk managers -- finally , and a little too late -- seem to have recognized the risk that they have taken on in the past five years .
Leverage , or borrowing , gives big returns when things are going well , but when things turn sour , it is a recipe for disaster .
It was not unusual for investment banks to " leverage " themselves by borrowing amounts equal to 25 or 30 times their equity .
At " just " 25 to 1 leverage , a 4 percent fall in the price of assets wipes out a bank 's net worth -- and we have seen far more precipitous falls in asset prices .
Putting another $ 20 billion in a bank with $ 2 trillion of assets will be wiped out with just a 1 percent fall in asset prices .
What 's the point ?
It seems that some of our government officials have finally gotten around to doing some of this elementary arithmetic .
So they have come up with another strategy :
We 'll " insure " the banks , i.e. , take the downside risk off of them .
The problem is similar to that confronting the original " cash for trash " initiative :
How do we determine the right price for the insurance ?
And almost surely , if we charge the right price , these institutions are bankrupt .
They will need massive equity injections and insurance .
There is a slight variant version of this , much like the original Paulson proposal :
Buy the bad assets , but this time , not on a one by one basis , but in large bundles .
Again , the problem is -- how do we value the bundles of toxic waste we take off the banks ?
The suspicion is that the banks have a simple answer :
Do n't worry about the details .
Just give us a big wad of cash .
This variant adds another twist of the kind of financial alchemy that got the country into the mess .
Somehow , there is a notion that by moving the assets around , putting the bad assets in an aggregator bank run by the government , things will get better .
Is the rationale that the government is better at disposing of garbage , while the private sector is better at making loans ?
The record of our financial system in assessing credit worthiness -- evidenced not just by this bailout , but by the repeated bailouts over the past 25 years -- provides little convincing evidence .
But even were we to do all this -- with uncertain risks to our future national debt -- there is still no assurance of a resumption of lending .
For the reality is we are in a recession , and risks are high in a recession .
Having been burned once , many bankers are staying away from the fire .
Besides , many of the problems that afflict the financial sector are more pervasive .
General Motors and GE both got into the finance business , and both showed that banks had no monopoly on bad risk management .
Many a bank may decide that the better strategy is a conservative one : Hoard one 's cash , wait until things settle down , hope that you are among the few surviving banks and then start lending .
Of course , if all the banks reason so , the recession will be longer and deeper than it otherwise would be .
What 's the alternative ?
Sweden ( and several other countries ) have shown that there is an alternative -- the government takes over those banks that cannot assemble enough capital through private sources to survive without government assistance .
It is standard practice to shut down banks failing to meet basic requirements on capital , but we almost certainly have been too gentle in enforcing these requirements .
( There has been too little transparency in this and every other aspect of government intervention in the financial system . )
To be sure , shareholders and bondholders will lose out , but their gains under the current regime come at the expense of taxpayers .
In the good years , they were rewarded for their risk taking .
Ownership cannot be a one - sided bet .
Of course , most of the employees will remain , and even much of the management .
What then is the difference ?
The difference is that now , the incentives of the banks can be aligned better with those of the country .
And it is in the national interest that prudent lending be restarted .
There are several other marked advantages .
One of the problems today is that the banks potentially owe large amounts to each other ( through complicated derivatives ) .
With government owning many of the banks , sorting through those obligations ( " netting them out , " in the jargon ) will be far easier .
Inevitably , American taxpayers are going to pick up much of the tab for the banks ' failures .
The question facing us is , to what extent do we participate in the upside return ?
Eventually , America 's economy will recover .
Eventually , our financial sector will be functioning -- and profitable -- once again , though hopefully , it will focus its attention more on doing what it is supposed to do .
When things turn around , we can once again privatize the now - failed banks , and the returns we get can help write down the massive increase in the national debt that has been brought upon us by our financial markets .
We are moving in unchartered waters .
No one can be sure what will work .
But long - standing economic principles can help guide us .
Incentives matter .
The long - run fiscal position of the U.S. matters .
And it is important to restart prudent lending as fast as possible .
Most of the ways currently being discussed for squaring this circle fail to do so .
There is an alternative .
We should begin to consider it .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Joseph E. Stiglitz .
All About Recessions and Depressions • Sweden • General Motors Corporation
Archaeologists work in Rome on the ruins of a recently discovered 2nd - century bath complex believed to be part of a vast residence of a billionaire .
Great empires come and go , but it 's not clear why some of them fell .
New clues to the demise of two dynasties may have just emerged from a cave .
Evidence found in a cave near Jerusalem reveal increasingly dry weather from 100 A.D. to 700 A.D. , a period that coincided with the fall of both Roman and Byzantine rule in the region .
The researchers are quick to point out that they have not discovered a cause - and - effect relationship , however .
" Whether this is what weakened the Byzantines or not is n't known , but it is an interesting correlation , " said University of Wisconsin - Madison professor John Valley , who led the research .
" These things were certainly going on at the time that those historic changes occurred . "
The findings will be detailed in an upcoming issue of the journal Quaternary Research .
The work involved geochemical analysis of a stalagmite from Soreq Cave in the Stalactite Cave Nature Reserve near Jerusalem .
Rain flushed organic matter from the surface into the cave , and it was trapped in mineral deposits that formed layers on the stalagmite .
Geology graduate student Ian Orland determined annual rainfall levels for the years the stalagmite was growing , from approximately 200 B.C. to 1100 A.D .
Similar research has been done before to look at decades worth of rainfall .
In fact the technique has been used to show that centuries - long droughts plagued in North America thousands of years ago .
But Orland used an advanced ion microprobe to give greater detail through more layers , revealing rainfall patterns within individual seasons .
Their detailed climate record shows that the Eastern Mediterranean became drier between 100 A.D. and 700 A.D. , a time when Roman and Byzantine power in the region waned , including steep drops in precipitation around 100 A.D. and 400 A.D .
“ Manual of the Corporation of the City of New - York , ” 1863
Are traces of the original Harlem settlement — including an African burial ground — awaiting discovery during the replacement of the Willis Avenue Bridge and the planned rehabilitation of the 126th Street Bus Depot ?
There will be no way to know for certain until the soil is dug up , but the prospect of such a discovery is being greeted both anxiously and eagerly by a couple of stewards of Harlem history .
The bucolic farming village of Nieuw Haarlem was established in March 1658 , meaning that it is still in its 350th anniversary year .
“ What an awesome way to celebrate ! ” said Christopher Paul Moore , a member of the Landmarks Preservation Commission and the research coordinator for the Schomburg Center for Research in Black Culture of the New York Public Library .
“ Seems like a cultural bonus could be reaped from this , and not just about preserving the cemetery , but preserving or recapturing a hugely significant era in New York ’s history , the founding and settlement of Harlem . ”
“ The Reformed Low Dutch Church of Harlem , ” 1910
The area around First Avenue , just north of 125th Street , is critical to Harlem history as the original location of the Reformed Low Dutch Church of Harlem .
This body , founded in 1660 , is perpetuated today as the Elmendorf Reformed Church , 171 East 121st Street .
Its first , rudimentary church building stood on a site bounded by First Avenue , East 126th Street and East 127th Street , now occupied by a New York City Transit bus depot .
( The depot was constructed for the bus line subsidiary of the Third Avenue Railway . )
At the time , this would have been right on the shoreline .
What is even more tantalizing is that the original church site “ was afterward used as a negro burying ground , ” according to a 1910 historical sketch of the Reformed Low Dutch Church of Harlem by the Rev. Dr. Edgar Tilton Jr .
This would make it one of exceptionally few remaining African - American historical sites from the colonial period .
The hunger among New Yorkers for any physical trace of a story that was largely ignored or obliterated until recent years was reflected in the tremendous interest generated by the discovery of the African Burial Ground in Lower Manhattan .
The Rev. Patricia A. Singletary , pastor of the Elmendorf Church , said that she and the church elders were “ concerned about the coming community outcry ” should there be no plans to commemorate the site or protect any artifacts or vestiges that may be found .
“ Remember , ” she said , “ this site represents the beginning of Harlem ’s existence . ”
In the near term , the construction project closest to the site involves the replacement of the Willis Avenue Bridge by the city Department of Transportation .
Work began last year and is to be finished in 2012 .
“ As a precaution , and in accordance with the State Historical Preservation Office , we have established a monitoring zone on the westernmost part of the project area ( First Avenue ) , ” Seth Solomonow , a spokesman for the department , said in an e-mail message , “ and we have committed to having an archaeologist on - site in the unlikely event that excavation reveals any artifacts . ”
“ We are aware that historical maps show a former church and a burial ground below the nearby bus depot , but our bridge replacement work is well outside that area , ” he said .
“ Some historical maps show that the current project area is along former waterfront or was actually submerged at the time the cemetery was in use .
In addition , the area has been excavated numerous times over the decades and centuries for development , for sewer , gas and electrical installation , for the development of the existing bus depot , and for construction of the Harlem River Drive and the current Willis Avenue Bridge . ”
It is the bus depot ’s future that is more closely tied to the burying ground itself .
Charles F. Seaton , a spokesman for the transit agency , said rehabilitation of the depot is planned around 2014 .
Asked whether that project might include commemoration of Nieuw Haarlem and the burying ground , he said , “ We would have to see what is discovered and then make a determination on how to proceed . ”
Robert B. Tierney , the chairman of the landmarks commission , is “ very interested in a careful review to determine the appropriate level of recognition , ” his spokeswoman , Elisabeth de Bourbon , said .
That will depend in part on whether any burials can be found .
Some of you might be aware of the flurry which took over the blogosphere for a few days after the MakeUseOf blog broke the story about a gmail vulnerability which led to the hijack of its domain by a hacker ( cracker , to be more specific ) .
As many blogs discussed this matter and speculated on Gmail ’s security features , Google finally reacted and mentioned that it was n’t due to Gmail , but due to a phishing scam .
Although I do n’t agree with Google ’s argument , as you can see in this comment thread at Lifehacker , the fact remains that like most of the web workers , I love Gmail and I can’t even think of using any other email application .
Keeping that in mind , it ’s important to take every preventive measure possible to avoid any compromise of your Gmail account .
Here are a few tips for Gmail users that are concerned about security .
Note that most of these tips are recommended by Google itself and hence are extremely important .
Always Use HTTPS
This is a very important security feature introduced by the Gmail team recently and every Gmail user must know it .
In Gmail , go to “ Settings ” and under the “ General ” tab in “ Browser Connection ” click “ Always use https ” .
Then click save .
That ’s it !
Such a simple step could add an extra layer of security to your Gmail account .
Check Your Filters Regularly
All the Gmail vulnerabilities which have been reported so far involve the setting up of malicious filters and email auto - forwarding .
Hence you should check them regularly by going to your Gmail settings and make sure that you do n’t see anything suspicious there .
Check For HTTPS
Yes , no matter where you login to your Gmail , make sure the url in the browser address bar starts with https :// and not http ://.
As Google says , “ we recommend you only ever enter your Gmail sign - in credentials to web addresses starting with https://www.google.com/accounts, and never click - through any warnings your browser may raise about certificates . ”
Do n’t Use Gmail In Browser ( Only If You Want To Be Extremely Cautious )
This would be a tip for those who are really concerned and can do without Gmail ’s web interface .
Since most of the security issues reported so far are browser based , you might just want to avoid opening Gmail in browser completely and instead , access it through IMAP or POP .
I personally do n’t do it because I am addicted to Gmail ’s web interface . 🙂
Do n’t Disclose Your Password
Sounds simple , is n’t it ?
Believe it or not , this is a major reason why email accounts are compromised .
I ’ll give you an example .
Are you on sites like LinkedIn , MySpace or Facebook ?
If yes , then you probably know about their friend finder feature where you can enter your Gmail account and password and they check your contacts list and let you know if your friends are on the respective services .
Well , when it comes to such reputed sites you could trust them , but do n’t just start doing this on every other site .
Also , beware of emails which ask you for your Gmail account credentials .
Gmail would never ask you for that , so you can be sure that they are phishing emails which you need to stay away from .
Backup Emails
This is n’t a security tip but certainly a very important thing to do if Gmail serves as your primary email account .
I mentioned a few tips to backup your email in my previous post on important backup strategies for your PC .
There ’s another great way to back it up using Thunderbird along with some extensions , as Lifehacker mentions here .
If you know of any other tips which would help in making Gmail more secure , then please do mention them in comments .
And yes , like anything else in this world , these tips do not ensure fool - proof security but they do help in , as I said , making it more secure .
Cheers ,
Abhijeet
Written on 12/04/2008 by Abhijeet Mukherjee .
You can catch him at Jeet Blog where he blogs about different Web 2.0 apps and online tools and how they can help you become more productive .
Photo Credit :
google
By Ian Youngs
Music reporter , BBC News , in Cannes
The entertainment industry says illegal file sharing costs it millions
The music business has finally come to terms with file - sharing , according to executives at the Midem conference in Cannes .
But now they have a different problem .
Until recently , the music industry was in a blind panic about illegal peer - to - peer downloading .
Millions upon millions of fans are spreading music around the world , and the people who made and own it do n't see a dime .
A vast 95 % of all digital music comes from unlicensed sources , according to a recent estimate from the global trade body the IFPI .
But the blind panic now seems to have stopped .
The Recording Industry Association of America , which represents US labels , has traditionally been the most aggressive in chasing file - sharers .
But it has just announced that it will no longer sue suspected offenders .
Digital rights management ( DRM ) - the lock placed on a track to attempt to stop you from sharing it - was once the central tool in the fight against " piracy " .
But now Apple is removing DRM from iTunes , the leading download store , marking a resounding defeat in that particular battle .
' Hottest currency '
The industry seems to have reached a conclusion that the strategies for fighting file - sharing will not work .
It is now a fact of life .
But now there is a new panic .
It 's interesting to be in a business where there 's no issue about creating demand for your product .
The issue is finding a way to get paid for it
Howie Singer , Warner Music
If we are not going to stop file - sharing , and with sales falling , the dilemma now goes " how do we make money now ? "
That is the question dominating Midem , the main annual industry talking shop .
Howie Singer from Warner Music said his company wanted to see " compensation and not simply control " .
" It 's interesting to be in a business where there 's no issue about creating demand for your product , " he said .
" The issue is finding a way to get paid for it . "
That view was echoed by Marcel Engh from Sony Music Europe .
" The good thing is we 're sitting on the hottest currency in the digital age - music , " he said .
" Lots of the web 2.0 destinations are driven by music - MySpace , YouTube , there are tons of those destinations .
The bad news is it 's damn hard to make money . "
' Exceedingly challenged ' Former EMI boss Eric Nicoli said revenue needed to be generated in different ways .
" Any company that relies on music sales will be exceedingly challenged , " he said .
A growing school of thought says that if you can't beat them , join them .
If file - sharing is not going to go away , then some leading figures favour finding a way of getting paid for it .
Feargal Sharkey , head of the pan-industry body UK Music , said 80 % of file - sharers would be prepared to pay for a legitimate peer - to - peer service .
" We as an industry have to seize upon that agenda , " he said .
Kanye
West makes money from his prolific blogging activities " To paraphrase Dr Strangelove - 2009 should be the year the music industry learns to stop worrying and love the bomb . "
The industry 's joint goal , he said , was to " unlock the true potential of digital music and give music fans what they want , legitimately " .
Author and self - styled " media futurist " Gerd Leonhard said fighting file - sharing had been fruitless , and it was time to grant permission and collect royalties .
As well as asking fans to pay , Mr Leonhard suggested money could come from advertising , sponsorship , subsidies from internet service providers or portable player manufacturers .
There are high hopes for a raft of expected new legal services from internet service providers ( ISPs ) , which would see an all - you - can - eat music service offered as part of a broadband , TV and phone package .
A couple have launched in Europe and BSkyB is expected to be the first to launch in the UK .
Geoff Taylor , head of the BPI , which represents UK labels , said : " The record labels are in discussions with a number of major UK ISPs about licensed deals and I firmly believe that 's the future . "
Other solutions , like advertising , are not that revolutionary .
But a number of people plan to make advertising more sophisticated , using technology to help sell individuals stuff they are more likely to actually want .
' New currency '
And if the music itself will not be the main money - spinner , then more emphasis is being placed on selling music - related products .
The head of the new MySpace Music download service , Courtney Holt , said as well as being a music store , his site would sell ringtones , concert tickets and merchandise .
Lil Wayne 's track Lollipop was the most legally downloaded single last year
It would also stage events and exclusive concerts that could be sponsored , packaged up and sold in ways that might be attractive to fans , he said .
Some artists have been taking matters into their own hands , reaching out to fans with new ideas to get paid .
Rock band Marillion have long asked their fans to directly fund their albums .
But they also put their last one onto peer - to - peer networks , with a piece of software that asked anyone downloading it to give their details so they could offer them T - shirts and tour tickets .
Keyboard player Mark Kelly said e-mail addresses were " the new currency " .
Some singers offer fans an annual subscription fee , in return for which they get live and rare songs .
Josh Rouse , for example , charges $ 30 ( £ 20.50 ) a year and has so far sent out more than 100 songs in nine months .
Kanye
West , meanwhile , makes money from his prolific blogging activities , the conference heard , with his website turning a profit thanks to advertising and sponsorship .
The industry is still in the turmoil , and no - one knows how the future will look .
But some are not convinced that the answers have yet been found .
" Let 's face up to it .
We 're in a crisis , which is not getting better , " said former Pink Floyd and Marc Bolan manager Peter Jenner .
" The last 10 years have consistently got worse .
" The reality is that people are downloading for free .
We 've got to compete with free .
I can't see that anything that 's going on at the moment with the record business is going to solve what 's happening . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
READER COMMENTS ON
" And It Begins Again : Touch - Screen Votes Flipping From Dem to Rep in WV "
( 32 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 10/18/2008 @ 1:43 pm PT ...
All they need is 10 in 100 to flop and they got it
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... norma brien said on 10/18/2008 @ 1:58 pm PT ...
If mccain and palin win you can kiss good bye to America .
These two live in the world of lies far away from the world of truth and decency .
Do they understand that it is the little people and their little taxes that keep this economy running and that of China also .
Every time they mention the name of God it is like a slap on his face .
I ecourage everyone to read the latest issue of Mother Jones issue where real issues are being written about .
I read an article by a professor at Harvard Law School yesterday where he writes that when Mr Obama became president of the law review when everyone thought he would advance the politics of his race and instead he focused rightly on the excellence of the writing .
He said he is very focused and very wise .
I am a christian and I pray to God that the devil does not win this one because mccain does not represent my christian values .
I pay my taxes and I expect those taxes to take care of country and its people not to kill innocent people and we are literally being killed just like the iraqis are .
As long as they give our tax money to the wealthy they will continue to outsource because they do not care about you and me they only care about putting more money in their coffers please America for once do the right thing and if not for me do it for you .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/18/2008 @ 2:01 pm PT ...
Gotta throw the Bums out !!!
I feel dirty - I clicked on a link at Swamppolitics.com that took me to kkkarl Rove 's site .
But here 's what he reports today : " Only four states with a combined 51 electoral votes remain as toss - ups , '' Rove reports , " while Obama continues to lead with 313 electoral votes to McCain 's 174 votes . ''
Do n't y'all think it 's gonna be difficult for them to steal this one without a clear indication of election fraud ?
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 10/18/2008 @ 2:09 pm PT ...
Wait until folks start showing up to vote to find they are n't on the voting rolls at all , Kira .
Aside from that , if you wish to presume the above ( that it'd be difficult to steal it for McCain at this point ) is true , I 'll also remind you --- and everyone else here --- there are 435 House races , 30 - something Senate races , and countless state and local races and initiatives that , yes , matter .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/18/2008 @ 2:39 pm PT ...
Agreed , Brad .
If they do steal this one , we are trying to decide which country we 'll move to because we wo n't stay here for the McMeltdown .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Mike said on 10/18/2008 @ 3:15 pm PT ...
I just love the Republican meme that ACORN registering a voter whose verifiable info might contain a misspeling or other administrative error is enough to file lawsuits over , but REAL election fraud ... vote switching , gets nary a peep from them .
John McCain was right , sort of .
It IS a threat to the very fabric of Democracy , but he had the wrong emphasis of blame for that threat .
As I 've said here and elsewhere before , I hope and pray that this election is finally the one when people stand up and say NO !
I am NOT going to accept this any more !
Election fraud , voter suppression , purged voters and voter intimidation at the polls ... it ALL needs to end now !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... lizabeth said on 10/18/2008 @ 4:03 pm PT ...
did anyone notice , during the debate .
That Mccain kept refuring to ms palins , child as austic , we where all lead to believe her son had down sydrome .
these are two very diffrent disabilites .
Mccain dosnot understand the problems .
and dosent speak with his fellow canadate very much .
which has become very ovious .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 10/18/2008 @ 5:22 pm PT ...
Here 's a second article about more vote - flipping in WV .
The officials say it's all the voters ' fault ( d'oh ! ) and that stories like these should n't be published because folks might be scared away from voting .
John and Brad , what were you thinking !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 10/18/2008 @ 6:07 pm PT ...
It 's nice to see you here Kira .
You were very helpful , explaining what the DRE 's were etc , to me when I first came to bradblog .
I am sick / sickened and do n't know if this is ruining my health ( Like John Gideon said it was easier being naive ) but we , Canada , are heading down this road and people do n't believe it .
Some people just give me that " she 's off on a tangent again " look and you feel soooo alone .
The Liberals lost many more seats than most expected , and it just does n't look right .
I am trying to find out if scanners were used to count ... why voter ID was brought in last year BY Harper and there was no news on it until the election .
( Many people were turned away , old people who did n't show address ID .
University students too )
Harper gained about 1 % and spent 300 million to get his minority again .
On a side note , Scott Ritter did say it would take ten years to clear out the old wood so if he was talking about ten years since bussssh was selected ... you have only two years to go .
Think positive !!!
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/18/2008 @ 6:52 pm PT ...
Hi GWN !
Thanks for the kind words .
Yup , I know it 's been hard on my health .
I was surprised when Harper won again .
I thought all signs pointed to booting him out .
Our Canadian relatives were here from Toronto & said they still used paper ballots , but I know the EVMs are being used in Canada .
Harper consulted with GOP propaganda - meister Frank Luntz and I think I remember reading some time back that he also consulted with our Republican Voting Machine companies .
There 's some kind of nefarious tie in there for sure .
We definitely need a change in government - and maybe start a domino effect to oust the bums .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 10/18/2008 @ 7:41 pm PT ...
Kira , I did read that about Frank Luntz and he was here this year too .
( I know the EVM's are used in the Municipal elections but did n't think they were in the Federal ) Harper is quite happy about his " win " but in reality 62.37 % of Canadians voted for others .
There is a drawback to having more choices at times like this .
If the people who voted NDP had voted Liberal , Harper would be gone .
This year and this year only , I think you guys should vote Obama , and then work really hard at getting other parties elected .
It took our Green Party almost twenty years to get on the voters list .
That 's just MHO .
( Sorry Erma )
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Jean said on 10/18/2008 @ 8:00 pm PT ...
Norma .....
What the heck are you talking about ?
The only Christian values are on the McCain ticket .
Obama believes in partial birth abortion , he mocked the sermon on the mount and religious people in general and he does not like traditional values .
He is a socialist with no conscience .
I pray that God saves us from him .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... GWN said on 10/18/2008 @ 8:04 pm PT ...
OOPS , re my comment # 11 .
We do n't use EMV 's here .
I was thinking you meant Optical Scanning Machines . ( sleepy )
We do use the scanning machines at municipal elections .
Because
[ snip ]
" All ballots have to be accounted for and if some are missing , election results can be contested on the basis of " irregularity , " Elections Canada says .
Charges against two women , who whipped their ballots into a soy smoothie , and other ballot eaters were eventually dropped . "
Paper or Not
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/18/2008 @ 8:06 pm PT ...
I agree with you GWN about voting Obama - my family is - except for the mentally challenged ones who still have a bush / cheney ' 04 bumper sticker on their truck - I guess they fell into the gene pool when the lifeguard was taking a break I would love for Cynthia McKinney to be the chosen one - but Obama is very capable and a good man imho and has proven his leadership skills .
One of his good qualities is that he does listen and will talk with people who have different opinions .
We really need that kind of leadership in the top of our gov't .
We 'll have a bazillion times more chance of improving all elements of our gov't with O at the helm - more chance to open up to Green & Libertarian parties .
If they had been represented at the debates just think how many issues the public could have been made aware of .
Uh , that is if we could have a real debate for a change .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/18/2008 @ 8:13 pm PT ...
OMG Jean , what the HECK are YOU talking about ?
Simply lies , that 's what .
If McCain is a Christian he 's totally backslid - I 'd suggest you pick up your bible and read the words of Christ [ the ones in RED ] and compare them to the way McCain is running his campaign - fear & hate mongering & lying constantly to smear Obama 's character .
Everything you 've said about Obama is absolutely untrue .
Get your facts straight - quit listening to the bull .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 10/18/2008 @ 9:45 pm PT ...
What I want to know is what are we all going to do WHEN this election IS stolen ?
Same thing we did in 2000 & 2004 ?
I mean really , we all know for a fact that Obama is ahead by a LANDSLIDE , yet we all know MCSame will magically be ahead by 51 % to 49 % late night on election day .
So just what are we going to do THIS TIME ?
Please tell me REVOLUTION !
Because I really do n't want to leave this country but I flatly refuse to live here under 4 more years of Reich wing NeoFascist rule .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/18/2008 @ 11:24 pm PT ...
Nunyabiz , if McFailin ' wins by 51 % to 49 % late night I think there will be a revolt ... if not from the Obama Headquarters then from the disenfranchised .
Not everybody can move outta here .
I think the GOP knows this .
If plans for COG / Martial Law are enacted - that 's another bad situation .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Phil said on 10/19/2008 @ 4:52 am PT ...
God ( whatever god that might be , satan , lucifer , jehova , odin , etc .. has nothing to do with Touch - Screen Votes Flipping .
Man has everything to do with it .
There 's also nothing saying that the president has to be a Christian .
I 'd rather have a Wiccan or a " REAL Satanist " in charge than another " FAKE Christian " personally .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... Susan said on 10/19/2008 @ 6:24 am PT ...
DO NOT USE TOUCH - SCREENS TO VOTE !
Insist on paper ballots with a receipt ... or an absentee ballot .
You can be sure that ' switched ' votes are being counted for McCain , even if your vote is corrected on the screen .
If you use a touch - screen and it switches your vote , CANCEL it , exit the booth , and loudly proclaim the machine switched your vote and you insist on a proper way to count your vote .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Kmac said on 10/19/2008 @ 7:29 am PT ...
This is totally frightening , although most of us who follow the elections closely are not in any way surprised .
The question is : are we going to act on it ?
This should be all over every news media .
Open and transparent to every citizen in every walk of life ....
Being informed via the internet is advantageous , but persons who seek their news via this means are basically already well informed .
It 's the Fox News type we need to reach !
WE NEED TO ACT NOW !
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 10/19/2008 @ 8:32 am PT ...
I hope you are right Kira .
Because you know these Reich wing extremist are NOT going to stop .
They have gotten away scott free with a false flag attack on this country ( 9/11 ) .
They have gotten away free and clear with BLATANT election fraud in the last 3 elections .
They have gotten away with MASS MURDER in Iraq .
They have gotten away with countless LIES .
They have gotten away with stealing TRILLIONS of tax payer dollars from the national treasury .
They are currently getting away with purging voter rolls .
The Mainstream Media will cover up what is happening , I do n't care if 50 MILLION get out in the street and protest you will never see it .
So obviously these lunatics are NOT going to stop , they are not going to police themselves , they ARE going to steal this election or at least try to because these people are INSANE and they have gotten away with everything else the past 8 years so how can you blame them ?
These fascist brought a brigade of US military over for " crowd control " for a reason , got one guess what that reason is .
If We The People do not stand up in OVERWHELMING FORCE on Nov 5th then they win again and you may as well get used to seeing McSame Palin for the next 8 years .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Mugzi said on 10/19/2008 @ 9:02 am PT ...
The first step is repealing HAVA , getting rid of private companies deciding the outcome of our elections !
Let 's do as our Canadian neighbors do , paper ballots , pencil , with oversight by both ( all ) parties .
Of course , the Repugs will not be for this since they can't win elections on issues !!
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 10/19/2008 @ 9:26 am PT ...
Nunya - criminally insane .
It 's a shame more people do n't get it , but research is hard work [ to quote a pResident . ]
Strangest thing ... every now and then I hear detectives saying that , in their investigations , there is no such thing as a coincidence .
But to believe the OCT , you have to believe in the Coincidence Theory - a whole bunch of them .
Where are the detectives on this ?
It 's the lynchpin ; the only way to understand the whole story .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Oekoman said on 10/19/2008 @ 10:34 am PT ...
If McCain and Palin win we must move en masse to reject the election .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean ( not in ) FL - 13 said on 10/19/2008 @ 11:31 am PT ...
Nunyabiz ( #16 ) ~ Great question !
A probable scenario I 'd seriously like to kick around and brainstorm some strategies for .
I 've been mulling over a ( silly ) possibility for us if they DO steal it big .
I have n't mentioned it much because it 's just so very ... silly .
But I say we gather en masse on OPRAH 's front lawn at her country estate in Illinois until she puts us on her show and / or demands accountability for the hundreds of thousands of scrubbed black ( and latino ) voters .
After all , OPRAH backed OBAMA as " the one " !
( Unlike John McCain 's labeling : " THAT one " ) ...
Obama is her brand !
And lest we forget how unhappy she was with that " A Million Little Lies " author JAMES FRY for putting her brand 's solid - gold reputation on the line .
She COOKED that guy !
Maybe she'd do the same to ROVE ...?
I know it 's goofy , but think about it :
There would be no protestor cages to pen us in , no 3rd infantry to shoot rubber bullets at us , a nice little PR stunt that will attract the media , and plenty of lovely golden retrievers for us to play with !
Could be a great way to ( more peaceably ? ) get out our facts / stats / proof of election fraud out to a national / international community .
I think if there were couple thousand people on her lawn , she might listen to us .
She might also have us arrested , but hell , if that made the news it sure would make her " my favorite Christmas things " show seem appropriately trite .
That , in and of itself , is a small but potent victory .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... MarkH said on 10/19/2008 @ 1:36 pm PT ...
I wonder how many times we 'll have to see a touch - screen vote for a Dem switched to a Repub , with zero Repub votes switched to Dem , before people begin to realize something odd is going on and it's pretty one - sided .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 10/20/2008 @ 6:43 am PT ...
# 25 Jeannie .
Not a bad idea , you never know what might work and sometimes the simplest thing can get picked up on .
We need to do everything wee can and do it IMMEDIATELY not weeks or months later .
I was thinking maybe the top 2 % and whom ever really controls Washington were going to " ALLOW " Obama to win because he probably agreed with what ever they are telling him they want done .
But it is looking like they are actually going to try and steal this election also .
The best thing we can do is to stand up in MASSIVE numbers and DEMAND that Obama not concede because the election was clearly stolen .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 10/20/2008 @ 9:38 am PT ...
They phoned nancy pelosi's office about this fraud and they said call the secretary of WV , or the DOJ , anybody but them ... so much for ol ' Nancy defending the U.S. Constitution .... time to replace her with Cindy Sheehan !
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Hat said on 10/20/2008 @ 2:17 pm PT ...
If the reports about the " switching to McCain " while voting for Obama is true we have a repeat of history when Bush won the elction in 2000 over Al Gore .
Rigged !
About Acorn ... why would Acorn create fraudulent registrations and then report it .
Republicans are dumb .
Its obvious a republican group has filled in these micky mouse registrations and sent them to Acorn and them McCain tows the line and says Acorn did it and Obama is backing Acorn 's fraud .
Hello all of America is not republican ... we think !!
Another " staged set up against the Democratic ticket .
First the staged " town hall " meetings with mentions of Arab and muslim etc ... then a staged Acorn fraud registrations and the latest was " joe the plumber " definetly McCain 's man ... since McCaina and Palin have repeadetly used him in their speechs and McCain brought him up in the debate ...
All set ups .
shame on the rpublicans .. the ONLY way they can win is by palying these fraudulant games and then have the cheeck to say " country first " McCain its always been " Me first " for you .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Bob said on 10/23/2008 @ 10:49 pm PT ...
Wow .
Calm down .
I 'm sick of claims of stealing elections whenever the candidate you support does not win .
I 'm sick of claims that voting machines will switch votes .
I 'm satisfied with those that have a paper receipt .
I see voters cause scenes at polling places railing against the machines and happy to vote on paper that will be scanned .
Do n't they realize that the scanned paper is read and digitized just as the touch screen vote is ?
There is also voter intimidation but it is clearly practiced by both parties .
If you do fair non-partisan research you will see verified examples of extreme and violent intimidation against republican voters .
You will also see instances of rediculous conduct against democrat voters .
In both cases , it is isolated and few .
I hope Obama wins .
But I hope noone charges that he stole the election .
More likely , they will charge he bought it , considering the outrageous amount he is spending .
With his war chest , he is the one more likely to be able to pay a hacker or bribe a manufacturer to fix the touch screen vote .
I do n't believe for a moment that he would do it and I do n't believe republicans are doing it either .
It is a waste of time , money and effort .
It would not work .
And , if caught , it would destroy either party .
Do n't get sucked in to the rantings of conspiracy theorists .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Bob said on 10/23/2008 @ 11:10 pm PT ...
I voted early and my touch screen vote flipped from Obama to McCain !
This is NOT TRUE .
But I can report it , I can call the press and they will put it in a paper and if two friends agree to tell this unvarifiable story with me , it will fly through the blogosphere and become true .
Confidence will be shaken , people will not bother to vote and that will be real voter suppression .
Furthermore , Brad , you left out the quotes in the article that explained 1 ) what probably happened and 2 ) the quick fix , and 3 ) the very few times it has happened ( a couple of calls per year ) .
All forms of voting have some problems .
Electronic ( with paper receipts ) have less risk of incorrect tally .
" Deputy Secretary of State Sarah Bailey said , " When we received a call about this , we immediately called the county and told them to recalibrate the machines to make sure the finger - touch [ area ] lines up with the ballot .
" Sometimes machines can become miscalibrated when they are moved from storage facilities to early voting areas , " Bailey said Friday .
" We get a couple of calls about this each election year . " * * * " People make mistakes more than the machines , " he said , " but I went in yesterday and recalibrated the machines .
We are doing everything we can not to disenfranchise anybody . "
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... jordan said on 11/1/2008 @ 12:16 pm PT ...
Overclocking The NVIDIA GeForce GTX 280
NVIDIA launched the GeForce GTX 280 and GTX 260 graphics cards on June 17 , 2008 .
Both are based on the NVIDIA GT200 GPU which uses NVIDIA 's improved , second - generation unified architecture .
The new GT200 GPU , features amongst other things :
240 stream processors
Twice the number of registers
Fast local 16 k shared memory ( per cluster of 8 stream processors )
New texture scheduler
Double precision accuracy
3X ROP blending performance
For more information on the NVIDIA GT200 GPU , please take a look at the NVIDIA GTX 280 & GTX 260 Technology Report .
As we saw it our review of the ASUS ENGTX280 TOP graphics card , the standard GeForce GTX 280 is roughly equivalent to the ATI Radeon HD 4870 .
That 's why GeForce GTX 280 is now priced at the same level as the Radeon HD 4870 .
Only the factory - overclocking of the ASUS ENGTX280 TOP allowed it to deliver a significant performance advantage over the Radeon HD 4870 .
Fortunately , the NVIDIA GeForce GTX 280 is pretty overclockable .
The ASUS ENGTX280 TOP came factory - overclocked by 11.3 % ( core ) and 9.8 % ( memory ) but there was still some room left for further overclocking .
Best of all , NVIDIA provided all the necessary tools for easy overclocking , with complete access to core and memory clocks as well as fan speed .
So , we just had to try overclocking it to see how far it can go !
Like in our previous overclocking guides , we did not want this to be an example of extreme overclocking , where you would need to resort to third - party coolers .
With that method , you can achieve an incredible degree of overclocking but it would come at a significant cost .
We wanted this attempt to come at " no cost " to the user .
That meant overclocking the GeForce GTX 280 using its standard cooler .
Support Tech ARP !
If you like our work , you can help support out work by visiting our sponsors , participate in the Tech ARP Forums , or even donate to our fund .
Any help you can render is greatly appreciated !
EcuMoney ( The New Generation of E- currenies )
QUOTE
By combining the biggest needs of buyers and merchants into one e-currency and providing a state of the art technical platform , " ECUmoney limited " is the first International bank targeting the online payment market .
As the only professional alternative to our competitors that are either managed by single private persons , situated in countries with questionable reputation or binding your funds to the fluctuating rates of precious metals , ECU is ready to revolutionize the way people think about online business .
ECUmoney Limited is a Private International Bank registered in New Zealand .
QUOTE
To create a network of Trusted Clients , every new Client who makes his ECU account verified , Silver or Gold level , will receive $ 20 into his account .
QUOTE
Special offers :- Vist here to know about Account levels : - To know more about this new e-currency & to join it visit here
The Mail on Sunday has been delving a little into the business dealings of the controversial Assistant Commissioner Bob Quick , now in charge of the Metropolitan Police Service Counter Terrorism Command , formerly the Chief Constable of Surrey .
Given the new " thought crime " provisions brought in by the Labour government , through the recent Counter - Terrorism Act 2008 , will such investigative journalism , or any further analysis by bloggers etc. , which mentions current or former military , intelligence agency or police personnel , be legally possible in the future ?
The original Mail on Sunday scoop :
Security scare over wedding car hire firm run from top terror police chief 's home By Martin Delgado
Last updated at 9:35 AM on 21st December 2008
This well researched story ( checking the world wide web , companies house , magazine advertisements and classic car experts etc. ) originally ran on the Mail on Sunday website ( updated 11.30 pm 20th December ) on Saturday night , illustrated with a photo from showing Judith Quick , the wife who runs the business , with one of the wedding cars .
This was later censored to pixelllate out her face , and now the whole photo has been removed .
Remember to make " Save As " copies of interesting online newspaper or blog articles , instead of just adding the URLs to your web browser 's Bookmarks or Favourites - they could , as in this case , be altered or censored later
Bob Quick complained to the media about the intrusion into his family life , claiming some sort of unspecified " security risk " , and accusing the Conservative Party and their friends in the Press of " corruption " and " intimidation " .
He now seems to have retracted his use of the word " corruption " .
Anti-terror chief behind arrest of MP Damian Green issues grovelling apology for Tory corruption claims
Given the information of the vintage Rolls Royce and other vehicles available for wedding hire or for other " VIP " occasions , and the approximate geographical area , published by the Mail on Sunday , it takes only a few seconds using a web search engine and online business directories to find the " search engine optimised " website , and the business address and phone number and mobile phone details .
If these represent a " security risk " to Bob Quick and his family , then perhaps the family business ( not necessarily a bad thing of itself ) should be running from commercial offices rather than from his home on the Surrey / Kent borders .
It can not be pleasant having a tabloid newspaper , and the following press pack and blogosphere investigating your private life and business dealings , but such a high profile public servant , in a position of immense trust and power , in charge of the leading anti-terrorism Police unit in the UK , is paid a lot of money to shoulder such responsibility and risks , and should have " nothing to hide , nothing to fear " .
A soon as Quick 's statement to the press mentioned the word " corruption " , a couple of obvious questions sprang to mind :
Have any of these vehicles , driven by ex-police chauffeurs , ever been magically " let off " from speeding tickets , parking fines or congestion charges etc . ?
Have any of these " VIP " vehicles been fitted with electronic location tracking or bugging devices , at the expense of the Metropolitan Police Counter Terrorism Command or , that of Surrey Police ( Bob Quick used to be their Chief Constable ) ?
More worryingly , we also have to ask :
Will the Metropolitan Police Counter Terrorism Command now attempt to arrest anyone who has read ( or re-published ) this article Mail on Sunday article , or this example of further analysis by one of our favourite bloggers Postman Patel , under the " thought crimes " sections of the vast and complicated arraty of anti-terrorism legislation ?
e.g. Terrorism
Act 2000 section 58 Collection of information
?
Surely any such investigative journalism by the mainstream media or by bloggers etc. ,
will be further chilled , when the new Terrorism Act 2000 section 58A Eliciting , publishing or communicating information about members of armed forces etc , comes into force ?
This was sneaked onto the statute book , without any effective scrutiny by Parliament , via to the recent Counter - Terrorism Act 2008 section 76 ( currently awaiting Commencement by Order ) :
I Can Has Cheeseburger , home of the biggest collection of Lolcat images in the world reports that they have found the oldest known Lolcat in the world .
So , it should only be a matter of time before someone will come up with a Rembrandt featuring a much older Lolcat , only to be surpassed soon by an Egyptian Lolcat .
How far back will we go ?
Well , for now we just go back to 1905 .
From iCanHasCheeseburger :
This captioned cat picture postcard was found by Tracy Angulo in a Seattle antique store .
Tracy tells us that the photograph is from 1905 , which would make this officially the oldest cat picture with a caption , AKA lolcat , that we ’ve seen .
The differences are clear .
Proper grammar and a more formal tone was in vogue back then .
But the similarities to modern - day kitten struggles and lolcats are amazing .
ALL CAPS is still cool , but most importantly , she also no can has cheezburger .
More than a hundred years later , all that ’s changed is the spelling .
Let us know if you find older Lolcats .
Or do n’t .
Read next : Great News !
Twitter Clones Begin Closing Down ... Starting with Pownce .
Chaco Culture
Chaco Culture Park is one of the best - kept secrets in the Western Hemisphere .
It encompasses a fascinating past and one of the most interesting civilizations of ancient North Americas .
The National Park , which covers a large area of northwest New Mexico is a fascinating place to visit .
Chaco is a great house site in the San Juan river basin .
There are only a few thousand Anasazi Puebloans left today , with true lineage to Chaco Canyon .
Chaco Canyon National Historic
Park preserves one of the richest and most fascinating cultural and historic areas of the country .
In Chaco Canyon , in northwest New Mexico , between 500 BC and early AD 1000s , the Anasazi built a society that was both highly advanced and deeply integrated with their environment .
These complex societies included communal land ownership , complex ceremonial practices , complex religious beliefs and a wide variety of plants and animals .
An Important Archaeological Site
Chaco is one of the most important archaeological sites of the New World .
Chaco Culture was first discovered by the soldiers during the nineteenth century .
It was here that one of the most important archeological discoveries of modern times was made .
Chaco Canyon , New Mexico has one of the largest Native American history archeological parks in the nation .
The park was created and formed to protect and preserve the cultural heritage of Native Americans .
It is the largest Native American archeological park in the country and is considered one of the most important .
If you are interested in learning more about this culturally rich history , then you will want to visit this park .
You will also be able to learn about the rich Native American culture of the time period , the way that the park was built and maintained , and what the area looked like at that time .
The park is open to the general public but there are guided tours available at specific times of the year .
Tours or Self - Directed
There are several tours of the Chaco Cultural Park offered on a weekly , monthly , annual , or seasonal basis .
They include an overview of the park and are generally about an hour long .
You can also choose to tour on an ad hoc basis for a shorter time period or if you have special needs , such as a wheelchair or a hearing impairment .
You may also want to make a trip to the San Juan Basin to visit the National Museum of New Mexico .
This is a great place to learn about the history of the Native American Puebloans in New Mexico and to see the ruins of the ancient Puebloan settlements there .
The museum features artifacts and works of art from these sites and even has some of the Puebloan art that you can view in person !
Stunningly , a timeshare scam took place in several nearby towns , and people wanting to cancel a timeshare were having trouble .
fractional ownership ( timeshares ) is popular , but you 've got to know what you 're doing .
In addition to the cultural history of New Mexico , you will find other things to see and do in the state , such as the Chihuahua Trail and the Grand Canyon .
There are plenty of things to do in New Mexico and with all of the activities that are available , you are sure to find something for everyone .
A Desert Playground
You can enjoy Chaco culture at the museum , at the local restaurants and shopping stores , and at the outdoor playground .
You will want to visit Chaco if you want to visit the Grand Canyon or have the opportunity to go hiking .
Chaco has a very diverse range of flora and fauna and you will find a lot of wildlife to view as you hike through the trails .
There is also a hiking trail that will allow you to explore the desert landscape of the canyon while you are enjoying the Chaco culture that is native to the area .
Whether you are going on a guided tour of the park , on an ad hoc basis , or if you simply want to spend some time at the cultural park , you will be able to get a great deal of insight into Chaco 's culture .
When you visit , you will find a variety of things to do at Chaco .
Welcome to the official website for the completely unique , online 3D role - playing game of magical spells , magical gear , strategy , alliances , politics and more !
This site will keep you in touch with the updates and developments of the game .
Crowns of Power is Back !
Welcome to the Crowns of Power official website .
We are currently in the process of rebuilding CoP from the outdated Torque game engine to the updated Torque3D engine .
We have the old Torque client available for download and play , as we are looking for insight and advice on things that can be done along the way ; whilst we continue to develop this game from where it left off years ago .
We have the forums on this website up , so feel free to make an account and chime in .
We also have a Discord channel where you can chat with the community and / or ask questions about the game .
Thanks for your continued support !
Valuable mission data gathered by NASA 's Apollo missions to the moon 40 years ago looks like it may be recovered thanks to a donation of an ancient IBM tape drive by a Sydney computer society .
The Apollo 11 , 12 , and 14 missions to the moon in the late 1960s and early 1970s gathered valuable data on moon dust for NASA , using ' dust detectors ' that were invented by Perth physicist Brian O'Brien , according to ABC News in Australia .
This information on moon dust was apparently beamed back to earth and recorded onto 173 data tapes , stored at both NASA and Sydney University .
Dr O'Brien published preliminary findings on the data , but after a lack of interest from the scientific community , the tapes on moon dust were placed into storage in the 1970s .
But it now seems that moon dust is a very important environmental problem indeed for NASA , especially as the U.S. Space Agency considers building a base on the moon .
Moon dust , as NASA quickly discovered , is extremely abrasive , and according to astronauts whose space suits and equipment quickly became covered in it , it smelled like ' spent gunpowder . '
NASA said that the dust would often scratch lenses or corrode seals .
Unfortunately , according to O'Brien , NASA ' misplaced ' its moon dust tapes before they could be archived .
Thankfully the tapes stored at Sydney University were still available ; however , what was not readily available was a IBM 729 Mark V tape drive needed to read the data .
The IBM 729 magnetic tape drive was used by IBM from the late 1950s through the mid-1960s .
It used a 1/2 - inch magnetic tape that was up to 2400 feet in length , on a reel measuring up to 10 - 1/ 2 inch in diameter .
When Dr O'Brien learnt of the tape loss , he was contacted by an Australian data recovery firm , SpectrumData , which offered to try and get hold of the information .
SpectrumData subsequently moved the tapes into a climate controlled room , and even managed to locate a very rare 1960s IBM729 Mark 5 tape drive at the Australian Computer Museum Society , which has agreed to loan the company the drive so that the data can be recovered .
Unfortunately , it seems that the tape drive , which is the size of a household refrigerator , is in need of some attention in order to get it working again .
" The drives are extremely rare .
We do n't know of any others that are still operating , " Guy Holmes of SpectrumData is reported as saying by ABC News .
" It 's going to have to be a custom job to get it working again .
It 's certainly not simple , " he said .
" There 's a lot of circuitry in there , it 's old , it 's not as clean as it should be , and there 's a lot of work to do . "
Holmes hopes to get the tape drive working by January , and believes it will then only take a week or so to pull the data off the old tapes drives .
This story , " Ancient IBM Drive Rescues Apollo Moon Data " was originally published by Techworld.com .
After you download any Linux distro from the internet , you have to burn it to a DVD , CD or a number of CDs to install it .
That CD or DVD is generally used only once after which it lies unused , and worse , almost every Linux distro comes up with a new release every 6 months .
So if you are in the habit of upgrading to every new version , you must have dozens of CDs lying at the bottom of your drawer .
What a wastage of CDs !
But with a little trick you can install any Linux directly from the hard disk without burning a single CD or DVD .
The prerequisite of this trick is to have an operating system already installed on your computer .
This is obvious because unless you are able to boot into your machine , you ca n’t install anything ; and we are not going to boot from the Linux disk because we are n’t burning any .
Here I ’m going to focus on Microsoft Windows as the pre installed operating system .
Almost all Linux installers uses two files to boot the computer : a Linux kernel , and an initial root file system containing a minimal set of directories that is mounted prior to when the real root file system is available .
This initial root file system is also called Ram disk ( initrd ) .
We will use these two files to boot our PC .
Now lets get to the actual procedure .
1 . The first thing you will have to do is copy the ISO file (s ) of the Linux to your hard disk ( ofcourse , you already have it ) .
Make sure that the partition is FAT32 unless the distro you are installing has native NTFS read / write support .
Some distros require you to copy the ISO file (s ) to the root of the partition .
If you keep it inside a folder , the setup might not be able to detect it .
2. Use Winrar to open the ISO file ( you need not need to extract it ) .
Now you will have to extract the two files I talked about earlier .
The files are usually found inside a directory called isolinux .
Different distros might place the files in different location ; you just have to search for it , but it is n’t hard to locate .
These two files are also named differently in different distros .
The files that you will need to search and extract are : ( the kernel file is shown in green and the Ram disk is shown in red )
Fedora : vmlinuz and initrd.img
Suse : linux and initrd
Mandriva : vmlinuz and all.rdz
Ubuntu : vmlinuz and initrd.gz
Gentoo : gentoo and gentoo.igz
Knoppix : vmlinuz and initrd.img
Slackware : bzImage and initrd.img
Debian : vmlinuz and initrd.gz
3 . After you have extracted the two files , copy them to c:boot ( you will need to create the folder “ boot ” )
4 . Now download the file called grub4dos from here .
( Note : the new versions of grub4dos i.e. 0.4.2 and 0.4.3 does not work .
So download the earlier version 0.4.1 .
Direct download link )
Extract the folder “ boot ” and the file “ grldr ” from the downloaded zip file .
Inside the folder “ boot ” is another folder called “ grub “ ; copy the folder “ grub ” to c:boot .
Copy the file “ grldr ” to c :
5 . Open c:bootgrubmenu.lst and add these following lines .
( Notice that hd0 refers to the first hard drive .
If you have more than one hard drive , they will be named hd1 , hd2 etc .
Replace hd0 with the proper hard drive number incase you have windows installed on another drive . )
Replace Linux_kernel and Ram_disk with the appropriate file names below .
( the ones you copied to c:boot )
title Install Linux
kernel ( hd0,0 ) / boot / Linux_kernel
initrd ( hd0,0 ) / boot / Ram_disk
6 . Now you have to add grub to your c:boot.ini file .
You can open boot.ini by clicking on Start > Run and typing c:boot.ini .
If Windows does not allow the file to be modified , then go to Control Panel > System and click on the Advanced tab .
Now under Startup and Recovery click Settings and then under System Startup click Edit .
Open boot.ini and add this line in the end .
C:grldr= ” Start GRUB ”
7 . You are now ready to install Linux .
Restart your PC and from the boot screen select “ Start GRUB “ .
This will load GRUB .
From the grub screen select “ Install Linux ” .
During the setup you will be asked the source of installation .
Choose hard disk and then select the hard drive partition where you copied the ISO files .
Sometimes you might have to type the whole path of the partition and the exact name of the ISO .
So write it down before you begin .
I have personally tested this with Fedora , Suse and Mandriva and it works without problem .
I have no doubt it will work for others too .
Update : dougfractal adds that this is possible from Linux too .
The method as he describes is :
From the terminal enter these commands
sudo mkdir / distro
sudo chmod `whoami` : `whoami`
cp MYLINUX.iso /distro/distro.iso
Now extract Linux_kernel & Ram_disk to /distro#
Open / boot / grub / menu.lst
# ADD NEW ENTRY #
title Install Linux
root ( hdX,X )
kernel / distro / Linux_kernel
initrd / distro / Ram_disk
Reboot and select “ Install Linux ” from grub .
Update : For Ubuntu , see the Official Documentationhttps://help.ubuntu.com/community/BootFromUSB#Using_an_internal_hard_drive.
Obama takes a break after cabinet plaudits
WASHINGTON , Dec 18 ( AFP ) Dec 19 , 2008
President - elect Barack Obama has moved with his promised " deliberate haste " to round out his cabinet and get the faces in place to confront a dizzying array of menaces once he takes office .
As he prepares to leave Saturday for a Christmas break in Hawaii , the Democrat can reflect on an unusually busy period for an incoming president since the November 4 election .
And while these are still early days , Obama can bask in stellar poll readings -- 83 percent of respondents in a Marist survey Wednesday approved of his performance so far .
" This was one of the more well - organized and well - prepared transitions that we have seen , " Princeton University historian Julian Zelizer said .
" Not only has he appointed some very high quality picks in terms of intellectual capacity and experience , but on key areas -- including economics and defense -- he has been able to move to the center without alienating his core supporters , " he said .
" It is a difficult balancing act .
The most distinct aspect of this transition is how fast it is taking place . "
At his first post-election news conference on November 7 , Obama vowed to confront the US economic crisis head - on but stressed he would not rush into making cabinet appointments .
" I want to move with all deliberate haste , but I want to emphasize deliberate as well as haste , " he said .
By common consent , Obama has filled his cabinet quickly but also with much thought to ability as he emulates the " team of rivals " assembled by his political hero , Civil War president Abraham Lincoln .
Led by former nominating rival Hillary Clinton at the State Department , the incoming cabinet has respected technocrat Timothy Geithner at Treasury and two Republicans , including Robert Gates , who keeps his job at the Pentagon .
While Geithner gets the unenviable task of hauling the US economy out of recession , Gates must exit Iraq and redouble the fight in Afghanistan .
And Clinton has no lesser a task of remaking the nation 's frayed image abroad , while pursuing Middle East peace , rebuilding a tattered nuclear pact with North Korea and calming a fresh surge in India - Pakistan tensions .
With his other cabinet picks over recent weeks , Obama has vowed to turn back global warming , guarantee every child a world - class education and institute universal healthcare -- an ambitious list at the best of times .
Controversy has been limited .
Some environmentalists grumbled at the pick of Colorado Senator Ken Salazar for interior .
Attorney general - designee Eric Holder faces questions over his role in Bill Clinton 's presidential pardons .
Obama himself is dogged by questions over the extent of contacts between his staff , notably incoming chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , and the corruption - tainted governor of Illinois , Rod Blagojevich .
Yet even on that front , anti-Obama attacks from the Republican National Committee have been criticized by party elders such as John McCain , the defeated presidential contender , and former House leader Newt Gingrich .
And overall , Obama has won bipartisan praise since the election , including from some surprising quarters .
Karl Rove , President George W. Bush 's former political guru , has called the cabinet choices " reassuring . "
McCain said Obama 's national security team comprised people " the American people can trust . "
Obama is due to finish his family break on New Year 's Day .
While in Hawaii , he is expected to attend funeral services for his late grandmother , Madelyn Dunham , who died just hours before his election triumph .
He will also continue crafting his inaugural address , as Washington braces for millions of people keen to share in the moment when America 's first black president takes office at noon on January 20 .
Two thieves could face hundreds of thousands of dollars in fines and possibly years in jail after pulling off one of the highest - profile heists in Arizona history .
Their loot : 17 saguaro cacti they uprooted two years ago from Saguaro National Park near Tucson .
The 35 - to 70 - year - old plants each stand five to seven feet tall ( saguaros grow to well over 40 feet , but young plants like these are easier to steal ) and can fetch $ 2,000 apiece from landscapers .
" We have an active patrol , " says the park 's chief ranger , Bob Love .
" But we can't be every place all the time . "
To stop the pillaging , Love and his team will imbed radio - frequency identification tags , like those used to identify pets , in 1,000 cacti throughout the 91,000 - acre park .
The Republican Revolution has been gasping for breath since the Democratic Party won the congressional midterm elections in 2006 .
After the Republicans were soundly defeated in the 2008 elections , the Revolution was in its death throes until noon on January 20 when George Bush ’s second term as president ceased and the Republican Revolution officially came to an end .
Thank God it ’s finished .
The Republican Revolution began on January 3 , 1995 , after the Republican Party had won control of both houses of Congress for the first time since the 83rd Congress ( 1953 — 1955 ) under Dwight Eisenhower .
Although a Democrat ( Bill Clinton ) occupied the White House for the remainder of the decade , the Republicans hung on to the House and Senate until the election of a Republican president ( George Bush ) in the year 2000 gave them an absolute majority .
The Revolution had reached its zenith .
Republicans were ecstatic .
Although Vermont senator Jim Jeffords soon attempted to derail the speeding Republican train by leaving the Republican Party — temporarily shifting the balance of power in the Senate to the Democrats — Republican victories in the 2002 midterm elections restored the GOP ’s absolute majority .
After enjoying this absolute majority for the last two years of Bush ’s first term , Republicans coasted to victory in the 2004 election — retaining the presidency and further increasing their control of the Congress .
And the country is worse off for it .
So worse off , in fact , that I , a conservative Christian who has nothing but contempt for the Democratic Party , much prefer the presidency of Bill Clinton the fornicator in chief to that of George Bush the warmonger in chief , spy in chief , and spender in chief .
The Republican Revolution was a failure from the beginning .
The Contract with America that was introduced by the new Republican - controlled Congress in 1995 was bogus because it focused on reforming government agencies and programs instead of eliminating them .
It was pointed out in 2000 that “ the combined budgets of the 95 major programs that the Contract with America promised to eliminate have increased by 13 % . ”
I remember speaking with Joe Scarborough , my congressman at the time , on a local call - in radio talk show in late 1994 or early 1995 .
I asked him about the new Republican - controlled Congress repealing some of the legislation passed during the first two years of the Clinton administration .
He would have to stand in line to introduce such legislation , he said , because of everything his fellow Republicans had planned .
Okay , let ’s take two of the worst pieces of legislation passed during Clinton ’s first two years .
Did the new Republican majority in the 104th Congress repeal the Family and Medical Leave Act ( PL 103 - 3 ) or the Brady Handgun Violence Prevention Act ( PL 103-159 ) ?
Of course it did n’t .
Just like it did n’t repeal the Motor Voter Act ( PL 103 - 31 ) or the Violence Against Women Act ( PL 103-322 ) .
And what did the Republican majority in Congress do throughout Clinton ’s terms ?
Sure , there were a few good things that Congress did — like repealing all federal speed limits in 1995 — but how many major federal agencies , programs , or regulations were actually eliminated ?
How much really egregious legislation was repealed ?
How many pork - barrel projects were denied funding ?
How much was overall federal spending reduced ?
Was the government any less intrusive at the end of six years of Republican control of the Congress ?
What was actually done to limit the government to that prescribed by the Constitution ?
The size and scope of the federal government were not reduced by one inch during the first six years of the Republican Revolution .
All we heard during the six years of a Republican - controlled Congress under Clinton were excuses about needing a larger majority , a veto - proof majority , or , better yet , a Republican president to really complete the revolution .
But what happened when the Republican - controlled Congress finally got a Republican president ?
We got an unprecedented increase in the welfare / warfare / surveillance / nanny state .
First came the ignoble USA PATRIOT Act ( PL 107 - 56 ) .
This was followed by the No Child Left Behind Act ( PL 107 - 110 ) .
Then came the Authorization for Use of Military Force Against Iraq Resolution of 2002 ( PL 107-243 ) , which gave us the senseless , immoral , unconstitutional , unjust war in Iraq that has already cost the American taxpayers about $ 1 trillion .
Although the seed of the Iraq War was planted by the Iraq Liberation Act ( PL 105-338 ) , that was also passed by a Republican - controlled Congress .
And then there is the Medicare Prescription Drug , Improvement , and Modernization Act of 2003 ( PL 108 - 173 ) — the largest expansion of the welfare state since the Great Society .
Even LBJ would be shocked at the cost of this welfare scheme .
And who can forget the increase in farm subsidies , the crony capitalism , the mockery of the Constitution , the Republican acceptance of the neoconservative agenda , and the imperial presidency .
No wonder Republicans earned the wrath of voters in the recent election .
They deserved to lose as bad as they did , and more .
As I pointed out the following in my article on how bogus the Republican Revolution was , one statistic is all it takes to see that there has been no limit to the growth of government under the Republican Party — the national debt .
Consider the following :
On the eve of the new Republican - controlled Congress in 1995 , the national debt was just under $ 5 trillion .
At the time of Bush ’s first inauguration in 2001 , the national debt stood at $ 5,727,776,738,304.64 .
At the time of Bush ’s second inauguration in 2005 , the national debt stood at $ 7,613,772,338,689.34 .
On the day of the 2006 midterm elections , the national debt stood at $ 8,592,561,542,263.30 .
On the last day of Bush ’s second term , the national debt stood at $ 10,626,877,048,913.08 .
Who is responsible for this tremendous increase in the federal debt ?
Not the Democrats .
Not Bill Clinton .
It is the party that laughingly said in its 2004 platform that it was committed to “ lower taxes , limited regulation , and a limited , efficient government . ”
Yes , the same party that helped the Democrats pass the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 ( the Bailout Bill ) .
But is this really a surprise ?
Not if one knows anything about the history of the Republican Party — a history of state capitalism , militarism , presidential power , big government , plunder , compromise , and sellout .
Just look at the Republicans ’ latest outrage : the confirmation of Hillary Clinton as Secretary of State .
Since the day her husband became the president , the personification of evil according to all Republicans has been Hillary Clinton .
So , what did the Republicans do when Mrs. Clinton appeared before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee to receive the first vote toward her confirmation as secretary of state ?
With but one exception ( David Vitter of Louisiana ) , the Republicans on the committee voted for Hillary .
Then , when the full Senate took a vote on Clinton ’s confirmation on January 21 , only two Republican senators ( the aforementioned David Vitter and Jim DeMint of South Carolina ) voted against her .
During the presidential campaign , before it became evident that Barack Obama would get the Democratic Party nomination , John McCain never ceased to remind us how bad it would be if we voted for Clinton instead of him .
And then he turns around and votes for her confirmation for secretary of State .
This , of course , does not mean that I prefer the Democratic Party .
There is not a dime ’s worth of difference between the Democratic and Republican Parties .
Neither party is the lesser of two evils ; they are both pure evil .
Nevertheless , I rarely bother to write about the evils of the Democratic Party .
The socialist and statist policies of the Democratic Party are well known .
And since the Democrats do n’t masquerade as advocates of smaller and less intrusive government , it is pretty obvious that the Democratic Party is the party of liberalism , socialism , organized labor , environmentalism , affirmative action , wealth redistribution , the nanny state , and increased government intervention in the economy and society .
Another reason I do n’t bother is that Rush Limbaugh , Sean Hannity , Ann Coulter , and Michael Savage need something to rant about .
Strom Thurmond was right .
He left the Democratic Party because the party was “ leading the evolution of our nation to a socialistic dictatorship . ”
I would just go a step further :
The Republican Party during the so - called Republican Revolution was leading the evolution of our nation to a faith - based , compassionate , fascist dictatorship .
When bad revolutions have run their course , they often lead to something just as bad or even worse .
The Republican Revolution , like the French and Russian Revolutions , was an absolute disaster .
And just as these revolutions gave the world Napoleon and Lenin , so the Republican Revolution has given us Barack Obama — a man with a radical left - wing congressional voting record , with even more radical associations , with a life spent in the service of racial preference , with an aberrant vision of Christianity , and with plans to further redistribute the wealth of taxpayers to tax eaters .
That being said , whether he can possibly top George Bush in the “ one of the worst presidents ever ” category remains to be seen .
The Republican Revolution failed because it was not based on any real principles .
Contrast this with the Ron Paul Revolution , which continues unabated because it is based , not on empty Republican rhetoric about the benefits of the free market and the need for less government intervention , but on the bedrock principles of peace , nonintervention , economic freedom , personal liberty , sound money , and a drastically limited state .
Any Republican who really believes in these principles should abandon the GOP ’s sinking ship of war , statism , and fascism .
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
Captured against the stunning backdrop of infinite space , an astronaut floats precariously 225 miles above Earth as he tinkers with a greasy gummed - up joint .
On the 10th anniversary of the International Space Station , the mission specialist 's every weightless movement is caught on camera as he carries out all - important repair works during one of four spacewalks .
Steve Bowen , STS - 126 mission specialist , makes final repairs on the mission 's fourth and final scheduled spacewalk .
Bowen and astronaut Shane Kimbrough , completed the lubrication of the port Solar Alpha Rotary Joints ( SARJ )
Astronaut Steve Bowen 's face is visible as he waves to the camera during the final six - hour , seven - minute spacewalk
NASA has been closely following the crew with a video camera ever since the Endeavour space shuttle lit up the night sky over Florida with a mighty roar .
The seven astronauts were launched beyond Earth on a mission penned as ' Extreme Home Improvements ' .
They were scheduled to complete a 12 - day service of the International Space Centre 's degraded joints and install a new water recycling system , kitchen fridge and gym equipment .
Coverage has been so intimate that even astronaut Heidemarie Stefanyshyn - Piper could not escape the prying lens when she dropped her tool bag into space .
Space makeover : Astronauts Heidemarie Stefanyshyn - Piper ( left ) and Shane Kimbrough service one of the Solar Alpha Rotary Joints on the International Space Station
Close up : Steve Bowen completes some last greasy repairs on a gummed - up joint
The embarrassing slip - up went on to to receive thousands of hits on YouTube .
Nasa said astronauts have succeeded in fixing a new water system that works by purifying urine .
It is essential if the space station is to home six crew members instead of three by next May .
The device , part of a $ 250 million new life - support system , shut down during three previous attempts to purify urine .
Nasa wants the visiting shuttle Endeavour crew to bring home processed samples for analysis before declaring the water purification system suitable for use .
Space work :
With the Earth glowing blue in the background Shane Kimbrough waves to the camera
All in a days work : Shane Kimbrough seen on during his space walk as he carries out construction and maintenance on the International Space Station
NASA is also testing the station 's newly repaired solar wing rotary joint , which was cleaned and restored during four spacewalks by Endeavour astronauts .
The joint had been contaminated by metal filings , prompting NASA to lock it in place to prevent damage .
Immobilizing the wing , however , prevented panels from tracking the sun for full power .
While the crews slept , engineers on the ground watched as the joint automatically pivoted to track the sun for the first time in a year .
Out of this world : The International Space Station floats above the breathtaking backdrop of Earth
Repair man : Steve Bowen is still trying to unjam a join on a power - generating solar wing
Endeavour is due back at the Kennedy Space Centre in Florida on Sunday after 16 days in orbit .
NASA plans eight more flights to the station , a $ 100 billion project of 16 nations , before the shuttles are retired in 2010 .
Nasa and Russia have been building the space station since 1998 .
Europe , Canada and Japan are also project participants .
You have already voted for this video .
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
The Hulk 200 mW Laser is from Dragonlasers at *******www.dragonlasers ****
This video is a Hulk laser demon ...
The Hulk 200 mW Laser is from Dragonlasers at *******www.dragonlasers ****
This video is a Hulk laser demonstration with lighting fires , cutting plastic , burning wood and cool special effects .
Video is courtesy of starsoffyre .
READER COMMENTS ON
" GOP Obama Supporter Proposes Prop 8 Compromise : Civil Unions for All , Leave ' Marriage ' to Churches "
( 35 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Alan D said on 11/21/2008 @ 1:13 pm PT ...
I 've been told this is impossible anytime I mentioned it , but I think it 's an outstanding idea .
Everyone wins .
Religions may ' marry ' whomever they please .
The state will recognize its civil unions without discrimination .
Now if we could just get the federal government to go along with it ...
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Paul McCarthy said on 11/21/2008 @ 1:26 pm PT ...
This " compromise " takes a bad situation and makes it worse .
There is no guarantee that civil unions will be recognized as " marriages " outside of California for the usual purposes ( tax laws , inheritance , etc. )
Couples ( whether same sex or not ) would have to ask permission of some church in order to marry , putting the churches back in the exclusive business of determining who is and who is n't allowed to marry .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Chris Hooten said on 11/21/2008 @ 1:39 pm PT ...
For Christ 's sake , why do n't they just let the homos get married .
Religious nuts .
Sheesh .
I guess they do call us the land of fruits and nuts , eh ?!!
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Dex said on 11/21/2008 @ 3:59 pm PT ...
The government needs to step out of the marriage issue as a matter of religious freedom , equal protection , privacy and freedom of speech .
It is oppressive how many of our rights Prop 8 invades .
I 'd be interested to know how many legislative proposals ever codified the legal use of a word in common speech .
Under this compromise proposal , allowing Prop 8 to stand amounts to limiting freedom of speech .
Call it what you want , but you can't call it " marriage " if it does n't fit the state definition of marriage , even though the state would no longer be sanctioning marriage .
The idea of the compromise sounds good - government should not be in the business of marriage , it is primarily a religious entity , and therefore , " no laws shall be passed ... "
But the compromise still allows the government to dictate the use of speech .
And , it still sidesteps the equal protection issue with regards to broader recognition of the civil union .
The worm has turned .
If the state supreme court does n't overturn prop 8 , the people will in a few years , anyway .
The facts are laid out , it always just takes people a little while to realize when things have changed .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Ancient said on 11/21/2008 @ 8:24 pm PT ...
I just want to know where is the voting fairness ?
All people be WELL .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... NewConstituionalConvention said on 11/21/2008 @ 11:02 pm PT ...
Paul @2 , have you ever heard of the Universal Life Church ?
They 're down with gay marriage and pretty much anybody can be ordained and perform the ceremony .
Even you could start performing " marriages " and it would be all legal beagle .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... MJHolt said on 11/21/2008 @ 11:07 pm PT ...
Ninth amendment :
“ The enumeration in the Constitution , of certain rights , shall not be construed to deny or disparage others retained by the people . "
I think that this right needs to be invoked .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/21/2008 @ 11:19 pm PT ...
Does common law marriage not apply to same sex partners ?
If not , why not ?
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/21/2008 @ 11:41 pm PT ...
My comment # 8 is probably dumb .
I DO NOT WANT a Theocratic Government .
People need to understand we will become like the fundamentalist Taliban if we keep going in this direction .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Kira said on 11/21/2008 @ 11:58 pm PT ...
I personally always felt that the marriage license from the state was for the laws of the government and the ceremony performed by the Pastor [ or Priest ] was the religious ceremony of personal choice .
So - is n't that really the way it is ?
That is until the crazy fundie / evangelicals started making outrageous claims & stirring up fear among the silly sheep .
I hope this will work out decently - I 'm pretty darn sick of rightwing fundies who have completely lost and / or distorted Christ 's message .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... neomonkey said on 11/22/2008 @ 6:24 am PT ...
It 's always seemed to me that marriage , more than any other slice of life , has been the major thoroughfare / pathway by which religion has transversed to stick its insidious tendrils into the guts of secular governmental operations .
I think the compromise solution is cosmetically awesome , it 's what I 've pretty much railed about for years .
Unfortunately , Jane and John Christianity will not , can not , see " marriage " and " civil unions " as separate entities .
The presumptive aim of religion seems to be that of slathering its Medieval notions of marriage on the citizenry ( regardless of race or creed ) rather than simply on its own congregation .
And of course , the secular conservatives who also march lock , stock and barrel to their Party 's fundamentalist jive .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Bob In Pacifica said on 11/22/2008 @ 7:53 am PT ...
Would a civil union , or whatever it would be called , be recognized as a marriage for tax purposes , etc. , in the rest of the country , and in the eyes of the federal government ?
That would be my major concern .
Also , would all the fundies who thought that they 'd been married suddenly find themselves not " married " but just civily unioned and thus destined for Hell ?
Or , on the other hand , would the churches all be happy that everyone would have to be scheduling marriages to be religiously married under the new law ?
It sounds like a nice compromise , but I 'd like to hear what the leaders of Prop H8 have to say .
Anyone with an IQ above room temperature knows that getting married at city hall is n't the same as getting married in your church .
Somehow I think that the haters would n't be satisfied with this .
How about if we 're really about equal protection under the law , and if one group of citizens can't marry , then how about no one in California be allowed to marry ?
If nothing else , the H8ers will quickly come up with reasons why they should be allowed to marry .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/22/2008 @ 11:40 am PT ...
I still have n't figured out why any American thinks the state has any business issuing marriage licenses .
I do n't know what authority God or clergy have in the matter either .
No paper makes it legitimate and no deity makes it real .
No ceremony ever held was ever the thing itself .
No contract ever signed bound a person of bad faith .
The laws and traditions do extremely little to protect children of these so called " marriages " and certainly not more than they could do without the dumb licenses and rituals .
I sure wish we would all grow up and use our energy stopping the criminals who run this place .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... neomonkey said on 11/22/2008 @ 2:41 pm PT ...
I suppose all contracts are just " paper " and essentially unbinding in the broader scheme of insignificant human existence .
I suppose in a marriage contract there is very little leverage placed upon forcing the parties to abide by its " fine print " .
It 's much more difficult to flee an auto loan than a marriage .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Helldigger said on 11/22/2008 @ 6:08 pm PT ...
California voters spoke , but the GLBT community is n't listening .
Arizona voted to make the needed constitutional change for one reason only .
To Keep rogue justices from legislating from the bench .
The California bench forced this vote by doing exactly that .
Federal DOMA law means nothing to judges with whims who want to create havoc .
The voters have spoken and bleeding hearts can't stand it .
31 States now have constitutional language to keep marriage what it is , the union of bride and groom as man and wife .
Anything else is irrational .
The federal constitution needs to adopt language that solidifies what everyone already knows but are too PC to validate .
Marriage takes a man and a woman to be valid .
GBLT people have the exact same rights that all of us have .
Civil Unions accomplish what they want , but destroying marriage is more important to them .
For every benefit you give a SSM couple , you diminish those benefits to children .
That is where I draw the line .
That is why the majority of states have overwhelmingly voted to keep marriage a proper vehicle to support the nuclear family and give children the support they deserve .
Why dilute the historic institution that makes raising children a wholesome endeavor by breaking down what is acceptable ?
If you look at Scandinavian countries where SSM has been legal for over a decade , you find that Marriage has declined to the point where illegitimacy is the norm and families are ceasing to exist at all .
Sounds great to the GBLT community , not to me .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Tyler said on 11/22/2008 @ 6:29 pm PT ...
I think we should go back to the truly traditional marriage , where a wife was the property of her husband and divorce and adultery were punishable by death .
There is no such thing as " traditional marriage " .
Marriage as a concept has changed radically over time .
This is the latest change .
The " Good Old Days " were n't that great .
In 50 years , people will look back on this fight and think , " How could people have been so ignorant back then ? " .
I 'm talking to you , Helldigger !
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Erma said on 11/22/2008 @ 7:42 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 15 wrote : " ... but destroying marriage is more important to them [ gay people ] . "
Please explain something to me :
How do two gay or lesbian people getting marriage destroy your marriage ( or anyone else 's marriage for that matter ) ?
Only you can destroy your own marriage .
My marriage cannot be destroyed by anyone , other than myself or my partner .
One 's marriage is either solid or dysfunctional .
And what other people do in their relationship has absolutely nothing to do with my marriage .
DIVORCE is what destroys marriage .
Are you willing to ban divorce ?
And what 's this " wholesome " myth you speak about ?
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Helldigger said on 11/23/2008 @ 8:53 am PT ...
" Please explain something to me : How do two gay or lesbian people getting marriage destroy your marriage . "
Marriage is the union of man to woman as husband and wife .
Anything else is irrational .
Society in the US , so far has the predilection to keep Marriage as it is intended to be , the union of bride and groom .
Our children deserve to have an institution that does not dilute the nuclear family by allowing counterfeit marriage a foothold .
So far , Americans hold marriage up as desirable , even with a divorce rate increasing .
To do anything else is to follow the path other countries took by lowering their standards which has resulted in out of wedlock masses being born and marriage meaning nothing at all when allowing SSM to occur .
Destroying the desirable aspects of marriage that benefit and reinforce biological nuclear procreation which strengthens the foundation of a society , marriage becomes the domain of a cheap , second rate institution .
When taken as a whole , SSM destroys and attenuates the basic building blocks that a great nation depends upon to flourish .
The cracks in the dam spider web and new weakness takes hold .
The family unit fractured and diminished ultimately harms all other marriages and in turn desecrates normal development of children by siphoning off the benefits they receive and giving it to alternative groups .
Then the dam breaks .
Civil unions on the other hand create a distinction and separate path to the similar rights that marriage offers .
Keeping the two functioning definitions apart allows for support of both .
Trying to make same gender unions the same thing as Marriage only creates the backlash we experienced in California and the rest of the nation .
The GBLT populace would be much better off defining their desire to validate vows to each other as an alternative to marriage rather than marriage itself .
They simply are not the same thing .
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... cann4ing said on 11/23/2008 @ 10:06 am PT ...
Marriage is " not " simply a matter of religion .
It is written into a multitude of our laws , including how we are taxed .
I am a heterosexual .
I am also an atheist .
I do not accept my marriage of 29 years & counting as the product of religion , and I do not see Prop 8 as anything less than an effort to deprive a minority of equal protection under the law .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/23/2008 @ 10:48 am PT ...
Helldigger
Our children deserve to have an institution that does not dilute the nuclear family ...
That horse is already out of the barn .
The dam broke even without help from gays .
Heterosexual marriage has turned into a circus .
Marriage is the union of man to woman as husband and wife .
Anything else is irrational .
According to someone who does not desire union with the same sex .
In fact there are too many " irrational " opposite sex marriages .
In fact there is a whole lot about love of any kind that does n't cleave well to the concept of " rational " .
Your arguments here are weak - minded regurgitations of the desperate ravings of people who fear difference .
If the institution of marriage had actually worked for our children or our society or even for most adults , then maybe you 'd have a leg to stand on , but open your eyes .
Take a look around .
I think the idea of civil unions for all is a sound one ... since we can't seem to get the state out of our personal lives , that is ....
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 11/23/2008 @ 12:51 pm PT ...
Like it or not neocon - christo - fascsists , it 's gonna happen !
http://news.google.com/n...16&hl=en&topic=h
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Helldigger said on 11/23/2008 @ 12:55 pm PT ...
>>>
Our children deserve to have an institution that does not dilute the nuclear family ...
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/23/2008 @ 1:39 pm PT ...
# 22 Our children have not gotten what they deserve since we 've been having children .
The institution of marriage did nothing to improve that ; the nuclear family does nothing to improve that .
Why do n't you use your energy creating an institution that trains people to be good parents and shut up about marriage .
Your marriage is your business .
That 's the only one that is your business .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/23/2008 @ 1:47 pm PT ...
In fact , our kids might be a heck of a lot healthier and happier if the nuclear family was ignored in favor of an extended family .
Civilizations have done that in the past and it worked really well .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Erma said on 11/23/2008 @ 1:49 pm PT ...
I previously wrote : " Please explain something to me : How do two gay or lesbian people getting marriage destroy your marriage . "
Then Helldigger responded with this : " Marriage is the union of man to woman as husband and wife .
Anything else is irrational . "
Interesting .
That sounds like an outdated " Leave it to Beaver " mentality .
But you conveniently did n't answer my question .
Throwing out the word " irrational " does not at all tell me how a gay or lesbian couple getting married destroys YOUR marriage .
So , I 'll ask it again : How do two gay or lesbian people getting married destroy your marriage ?
I 've asked this question of other people elsewhere and no one can ever answer it .
I wonder why ?
Hmmmmmm .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/23/2008 @ 2:10 pm PT ...
In fact , Helldigger , you would do better to concentrate your efforts on population control !
There is evidence that overcrowding produces both more homosexuality and more aggression / crime ... a sort of natural mechanism to slow population explosions .
Best thing we could do for our kids is to have less of them .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 11/23/2008 @ 2:40 pm PT ...
[ed note : Comment deleted .
Please read our rules for commenting . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... FreedomOfInformationAct said on 11/23/2008 @ 2:55 pm PT ...
[ed note : Comment deleted .
Please read our rules for commenting . -- 99 ]
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Erma said on 11/23/2008 @ 8:10 pm PT ...
" There is evidence that overcrowding produces both more homosexuality and more aggression / crime . " --- Agent 99
Assuming that comment is meant to be taken seriously and I can't believe any intelligent person would make such a ridiculous comment , there is only one way to describe it :
Utter nonsense !
Complete bull shit !
Propaganda .
Stupidity !
So now you notice how " homosexuality " is thrown in with " aggression " and crime ?
And overcrowding is thrown in with homosexuality !
How would " overcrowding " explain homosexuality 4,000 years ago ???
Is n't it funny how straight people do n't need a reason to be straight , yet gay and lesbian people must have some explanation behind our attractions / sexuality .
While we 're digging out crap ...
The divorce rate in the States for marriage , vs second or third marriage : 50 % of first marriages
67 % of second and
74 % of third marriages end in divorce .
And gay people are somehow going to destroy the supposed " sanctity of marriage ? "
Really ?
DIVORCE destroys the supposed " sanctity of marriage , " NOT gay people .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/23/2008 @ 8:29 pm PT ...
Well , Erma , since I learned it in my sophomore biology class , it could be everything you say .
I was not conflating homosexuality with aggression .
That would be clear to anyone not disposed to find something to pitch a shit fit about .
It seems to me that we were on the same side of this issue ....
Bottom line : Prop 8 is , prima facie , unconstitutional .
Trolls injecting blather like it being the will of the voters , and griping about " activist judges " as though the Constitution were " just a piece of paper " , are just trolls .
The part that irks me is that it was let on the ballot at all .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/23/2008 @ 8:43 pm PT ...
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Erma said on 11/23/2008 @ 8:47 pm PT ...
Agent 99 , For once we agree .
Prop H8 should never have been on the ballot in the first place .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Dan said on 11/24/2008 @ 10:11 am PT ...
This " compromise " has been the solution all along .
What most fail to realize is the root of this problem has always been an unrecognized incursion of church into state business ( or vise versa ) .
Whatever the thinking behind laws governing marriage were , the fact is , codifying marriage was the same as codifying a religious sacrament or ceremony .
So now religious leaders are upset because the government is trying to expand the traditional definition of marriage to include today 's reality .
They have a point .
Marriage is Their sacrament .
Let them keep it .
But it does not change the fact that marriage laws provide advantages to those allowed to benefit from them .
And these benefits , clearly , should be available to ANY American .
If legislators felt it necessary to create these laws it should have been clearly stated ANY two individual adult Americans were free to enter into a binding contractual relationship .
Period !
As far as government is concerned there are only Americans , not female Americans and Male Americans , just Americans .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Bamboo Harvester said on 11/24/2008 @ 5:21 pm PT ...
That horse is already out of the barn .
Not yet today !
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/24/2008 @ 5:34 pm PT ...
@SamLovesTacos :
No doubt , credit should be given where credit 's due .
It 's something I 'm especially aware of writing the site .
However , taking something and making it better is A Good Thing .
I do n't know if Kip neglected to credit his sources .
( If he did , I 'd encourage him to do so , as it would actually enhance his work . )
However , the reason why we 're quick to feature his videos is that they 're incredibly well - produced and get across the meat of a complex DIY project in a succinct and entertaining way , a better way than most other video bloggers manage .
That 's the value his work brings to the table , even if the idea is n't his alone .
There ’s a common saying in business that “ it takes three times more effort to get business from a new customer than from an existing customer . ”
I believe that to be true , regardless of your industry .
Yet , we ’re all consumed with pursuing the next deal .
Why is this ?
If your Web development company has dozens of hungry clients , clamoring for your time , why is there always so much emphasis on new business ?
Why do current clients tend to get neglected or placed in line behind new business which comes in the door ?
Last month , I read the fantastic book “ Managing the Professional Service Firm ” by David Maister .
It ’s geared toward the traditional professional services – accountants and lawyers , mainly – but the lessons in it are widely applicable to any “ I ’ll do X for money ” type of firm .
Though long , this quote is worth reading , regarding why firms are so obsessive about new business :
I have learned from numerous conversations on this topic with consultants , lawyers , accountants , actuaries , and other professionals that primary among all the reasons for the relative overemphasis on new clients is the simple fact that pursuing and getting a new client is more fun .
New clients provide the “ thrill of the chase ” in a way that maturing existing relationships does not .
Pursuing a new client proposal opportunity usually has the characteristics of a well - defined , finite , project with relatively clear tasks and specific deadlines .
Nurturing an existing relationship often has few inherent deadlines , little obvious structure , and more ambiguous tasks .
Consequently , it is reported to me , it is a less “ satisfying ” activity :
It does n’t provide the same “ rush of adrenaline . ”
It ’s so true .
New projects are perfect , in the sense that everything is theoretical .
In your mind , the project is unsullied by reality .
You envision perfect execution , and relish the chance to attack a new challenge .
Sadly , it ’s a lot like relationships – the grass is always greener and whatnot .
New business validates you as a company .
Getting new work means someone said , “ Yes , you are good enough to hire . ”
Not getting the new work – even if you have more than enough existing work – is like someone saying , “ Stick with what you know .
I ’m rejecting you in favor of someone else . ”
Sometimes , I ’m convinced we over - emphasize new work to shore up our self - esteem and sense of worth as professionals .
Acknowledging this fact does n’t solve the problem , but it makes you more aware of it and how destructive it is .
Being cognizant of this – even just for the last month – has positively affected the way I do business .
I imagine as soon as my recommendations are published , my inbox will be inundated with everyone 's special theory as to why we should / should n't shut down our machines .
Being a fair and unbiased individual and in true democratic style as befits an election year , I will present my take on the subject and you can do whatever you want .
First , we have to dispel a few myths , namely that : * Your data " wears out " .
* Computers remember everything forever .
* Data can be easily recovered if your hard drive fails .
* Viruses " burn " sector 0 of your hard drive .
* Computers " do n't like " being restarted .
* Smoking banana skins gets you smashed .
Computers are electronic devices , like a TV or microwave and should , in essence , be treated as such .
Hard drives and fans , pretty much the only moving parts in a computer , are like any other mechanical device - they wear out with use .
Take the old car - engine theory , which hypothesises that car engines would last much longer if we left them idling all the time because they love to run and hate being started from cold , which apparently wears the engine out faster than if it were left running .
Dinner - table physics supports this theory to an extent , but this is the real world and external factors are at play ; our cars / computers operate in wildly diverse conditions and environments , all of which have an impact on longevity .
This means that for anyone to stick their neck out and state categorically that either course of action is the best opens themselves to the inevitable " yeah , but what if . . . " questions .
It seems then that it would take a brave ( or stupid ) soul to stand up and recommend we turn off or keep running .
Well , I 'll give it a shot .
Let 's look at some facts : computers generate a lot of heat .
Generally speaking , the faster your computer , the warmer it will run .
This plays havoc with the guts of your machine .
The main component is a large printed circuit board , which has thousands , if not hundreds of thousands , of components soldered onto it .
Any electrical - type person will tell you that solder is not very strong , breaks down over time and makes a poor electrical connection .
Physics tells us that when something gets warm , it expands and when cooled , contracts .
When you fire up your machine , everything inside swells , then when you turn it off , it shrinks .
Solder joints are especially susceptible , as is your hard drive and RAM and expansion card sockets .
So , there 's a pretty good argument for keeping your machine running and maintaining a constant case temperature .
The downside is that , as I mentioned , moving things wear out .
Physics again tells us that when surfaces move against each other , friction causes wear and energy is released in the form of heat .
Heat accelerates the process because surfaces expand and rub harder , generating more friction and heat , which also compounds the whole expansion / contraction issue .
Hard drives hate heat .
Then there 's the fans , which are notoriously unreliable .
Your computer may have as few as one or as many as six , most of which are critical to your machine 's wellbeing .
They do a lot of work and when they choke up with dust or just wear out , they slow down - or stop altogether - and fail to keep things cool .
This causes system instability and often leads to spectacular hardware failure .
Yes , some computers are designed to run 24/7/365 - usually servers that are specially built for the job .
Even their operating systems are coded to run for extended periods without restarting .
Generally , home computers are not .
While XP and Vista are better than previous versions of Windows , for various reasons they still like to be restarted every now and then .
It also wastes a lot of power and costs you money when your machine is running .
The computer does n't really care if it is being turned off or not ; it just does what it has been told or designed to do .
Therefore , we must look to common sense for the answer ; you would n't leave your car or your TV running all night , so why your computer ?
Me ?
I turn mine off and so far it has n't fallen apart .
And in this green age , I recommend you do the same .
The Press , New Zealand
Internet has become a cultivating ground for spammers and spam emails .
Hundreds of thousands of spam bots crawl the web in order to spam email address , thus creating problems for the users .
Many people check their mails on day to day basis , mostly waiting for important emails but at the end of the day they realize that it ’s just another annoying spam mail that manages to elude spam filter .
One of the best solution is to get a temporary mailing address which automatically expires after a certain period of time .
What are the benefits of Temporary Mailbox
Anti-spam solution ,
Protect you from spam mails ,
Protect your mailbox from exploits , spoofs and hoaxes ,
Protects your mail account from spam by automatically expiring after a certain time period ,
Easy to use ,
Requires no sign up and / or registration ,
Here is a list of services that provide disposable email services .
I hope that it will help you in fighting spam more effectively .
Cleanest way for you to keep your inbox spam - free .
Allows you to create a free email alias for yourself .
For a period you choose , from 12 hours to 3 months , anything sent to this email alias will be passed on to you at your actual email address .
Get a Free , Temporary , Disposable , Anonymous , email address , keeping your own email address Spam and Virus Free .
Allows you to create temporary disposable mailboxes , in a completely anonymous way .
Simply give whatever mailbox name you want on the mailcatch.com domain ( like whatever@mailcatch.com ) .
All mails to this address will be forwarded to your real email address for a number of times you can set up on the following form .
When the limit is reached , email address will be automatically deleted .
ZoEmail restores email as it must have been before spam .
Easily accessible via the web , IMAP and POP , ZoEmail could still offer more online storage .
Create disposable email addresses for use on the Web with Emailias , a flexible and feature - packed disposable email address service , and reduce the amount of spam you get .
Sign - up required .
You will be charged to use this service .
It allows you to create a temporary e-mail account that will last 60 Minutes .
Enough time to receive e-mails that contain activation or download links , and to reply to e-mails that ask for confirmation .
Forwards email to your real account , mail can be accessed through desktop e-mail clients , can reply to e-mail from your real e-mail address using SpamMotel e-mail .
Requires registration .
Before you choke on all that spam , try the feature - rich and flexible disposable email addresses from Spamgourmet for protection .
It forwards email to your real account .
It creates custom aliases which automatically expire after a certain number of e-mails received .
Registration required .
Provides disposable e-mail addresses which expire after 60 Minutes .
You can request for a random temporary ID or you can create you own in couple of seconds .
Also has automatic e-mail check option activated .
Spamex provides a solid , useful , and almost feature - complete disposable email address service .
Allows up to 25 aliases , can set aliases to expire after a certain amount of time .
Registration required .
Create as many in form xxx-name@hidzz.com Email ID remains valid for 5 days and you can access all your temporary IDs using your personal email address .
Easy to use , with no registration .
A great solution for PGP - compatible encrypted email .
Another good solution if your tired of giving your e-mail address to companies just so you can download that crucial software driver or program .
You can even download a Firefox extension .
Use this temporary e-mail address to sign - up to websites that requires e-mail verification and its perfect for forums , e-book sale pages , or email required download pages .
But bear in mind , they delete the e-mails every 2 hours !
Forwards email to your real account .
Requires registration .
It will instantly create a disposable email address that you can use when you need to verify registrations by email .
After creating an instant email account you can check for new incoming messages by simply refreshing your dynamically created inbox page .
E4ward.com is a down - to - earth and very useful disposable email service that makes it easy to prevent spam to your real email address with easily erasable aliases .
It requires registration , provides mail forwarding , allows multiple aliases of an account .
Account expires after user indicated period of time , best name ever .
You will have to register in order to use the service .
Create a temporary e-mail address that will forward all incoming mail to your usual e-mail address .
Simply enter your e-mail address and the life time of your spambox and we will generate you a temporary @spambox .us e-mail .
No registration or password needed .
Your account is created on the fly .
Your email is stored between 12 hours to 30 days in its server .
Mailinator is one of the best and top rated disposable email services that gives you a temporary mailbox on the following address format e.g. something@mailinator.com .
It allows you to create as many inbound read - only email accounts as you like .
Use these accounts once or continue to use them for as long as you ’d like .
The accounts continue to collect email message they receive for as long as they keep coming .
All new email readable to everyone .
You can see all spam being sent to all Spam.la accounts , or just your own .
Registration free .
It allows unlimited emails , they can be expired by time or quantity .
You can also see who ( which domain ) is sending the emails to you and you can selectively turn it off .
Free , receive only , temporary , email accounts .
No Registration , no set - up required .
It provides you with a disposable e-mail addresses which expire after 15 Minutes .
You can read and reply to e-mails that are sent to the temporary e-mail address within the given time frame .
GishPuppy is a disposable email address service that shines with simplicity and functionality .
Unfortunately , GishPuppy ’s functionality does not encompass replacing your real email address with the appropriate alias in replies .
Provide you with disposable email addresses which are automatically destroyed after 30 Minutes .
You can read and reply to emails that are sent to the temporary e-mail address within the given time frame .
It is an easy to install , non - obtrusive browser toolbar which generates email aliases for you to use on web sites that require your email address to register .
Endless supply of disposable e-mail addresses that you can give to anyone you do n’t trust .
E-mails they send to the alias that you gave them are automatically forwarded to your existing e-mail account .
Forwards email to your real account .
Registration required .
Works same as Litedrop and but email gets deleted in 15 minutes .
You can set the option to increase the disposing time to 1 hour .
You can read and reply to e-mails that are sent to the temporary e-mail address within the given time frame .
No Sign ups , no wait , no software , no buy .
100 % free .
Any e-mails sent to that address will show up automatically on the web page .
You can read them , click on links , and even reply to them .
The e-mail address will expire after 10 minutes .
Similar service like above , that allows you to create a temporary e-mail address that expires after a few minutes .
It acts as a real email address for the time period it is live , with you being able to check your mail .
By default the time period is set to 30 minutes , but can be renewed .
By simply visiting this site the above address has already been saved to your clipboard .
Paste ( Ctrl - V ) it into any form on a website that requires email verification , and when the email is received it will pop up instantly in this box .
Free Disposable Temporary E-Mail Address ( expired after 15 minutes )
Provides you with disposable e-mail addresses which expire after 30 Minutes .
You can read and reply to e-mails that are sent to the temporary e-mail address within the given time frame .
Also features RSS email view , and IP hiding .
It provides on the fly self - destructing disposable email addresses to confirm any verification without getting any spam .
A good spam free solution but you will have to pay in order to use this service .
Allows you to choose a permanent e-mail address that will never change .
Email forwarding instantly sends all the mail sent to your 4warding account to email address you currently use .
Disposable email addresses which expire after 15 Minutes .
You can read e-mails that are sent to the temporary mail address within the given time frame .
A temporary inbox is a disposable email address , which does not require registration and can be used to avoid spam .
A temporary inbox is a disposable email address , which does n’t require registration and can be used to avoid spam .
Can not delete mail , expires after 7 days .
Forwards to real email address .
Yahoo !
Mail Classic is a comfortable , reliable and secure email service with unlimited storage .
A pretty good spam filter ( including disposable email addresses ) keeps the junk out .
Note that disposable addresses are deleted when you cancel your Yahoo !
Mail Plus account .
Rarely can Presidents improve their legacy in an Administration 's twilight days .
But President Bush now has that opportunity , by undoing a measure of the injustice inflicted on I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby .
As the former chief of staff to Vice President Dick Cheney who suffered in a fiasco made worse by the White House , Mr. Libby deserves a full Presidential pardon .
Mr. Bush commuted Mr. Libby 's sentence in 2007 , an action that kept him out of jail .
But that does n't expunge his conviction for perjury and obstruction of justice ....
A new president cannot have too much good advice , so BBC World News America is asking personalities from various walks of life to tell President - elect Barack Obama what they think he should do when he takes up his new job on 20 January .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
I am a poet .
What I 'm going to say to you now , however , is not a poem , it does n't pretend to be .
These are ruminations or reflections upon the advent of President Barack Obama .
We needed him .
We the race needed him .
We the American people , we needed him .
Banks , automobile companies , insurance companies needed him .
The stock market in Japan and Germany , in France and Britain , in China , in New York City needed him .
And out of that great need , I believe he came .
Barack Obama , Senator Barack Obama came .
Intelligent , facing forward , including everyone , excluding no - one .
He came with some charm - not enough to make him seem glib .
But what he did is he brought something we cannot live without , and that is hope .
He brought the possibility that we might really see ourselves as we really are .
A great country .
I believe in the secret part of every heart of an American is the desire to belong to a great country .
I think that President - elect Barack Obama offers us the chance to have a great president with whom we can identify .
Not as a black person , not even as a male , but really as an American citizen who will speak for the voiceless , who will not forget the poor black or the poor white , who will remember the out - of - work Asian and the dislocated Spanish - speaking person .
MAYA ANGELOU
Poet , author , director and activist Pulitzer - prize nominated for poetry Wrote poem for Bill Clinton 's 1993 inauguration
This is a man who I think I would like to hear speak to people in hospitals , he has intelligence and compassion .
Those two elements are not always to be found in the same person .
It is said to whom much is given from them much will be expected .
I believe we have been given a great president .
I believe he needs us probably more than we even needed him .
I believe that each of us , each American , has got to pay back or pay it forward .
I believe each of us has got to do something to help us become more of what James Baldwin called these yet - to - be United States .
I think that each of us can find a place to give some time ...
I think these seem to be small things but they accumulate .
And I do believe that good done anywhere is good done everywhere .
I think that our new president deserves all our help .
I believe we Americans , we deserve the most we can get .
I believe we are a great people and I believe we will have a chance to show it .
When I see the cabinet President - elect Obama has chosen , I realise he 's very serious .
He really means to bring together a team who will match the mountain of work - we have men and women in that cabinet who match the mountains .
They may not be all that cunning politically but we 've had quite enough of that , I think .
They may be more forthcoming , and not a minute too soon .
I know what an American is .
You can say it in these three words :
Yes I can .
I can be better than you imagine .
And if you force me , I can be worse than you can imagine .
Yes I can .
In a climate where all men and women are known to be equals , " yes I can " speaks for the brahmin in Boston and the theologian in Nashville , Tennessee .
It speaks for the rabbi at the hall of tolerance in Los Angeles and it speaks for the imam in the largest mosque in the United States .
It speaks for us all .
BBC World News America airs on BBC World News weeknights at 0000 GMT .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
CNN : Scooter Libby may have requested Bush pardon David Edwards and Nick Juliano
Published : Monday November 17 , 2008
Print This Email This As President Bush gets closer to leaving the White House , expectations are mounting that he will follow his predecessors in issuing a slew of last - minute pardons on his way back to Texas .
Former Cheney chief of staff I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby , perhaps the best - known federal convict of the last eight years , may have filed a request for a pardon from President Bush , CNN 's Sonny Hostin reported Monday .
Libby was convicted of lying in the CIA leak case , but Bush commuted his sentence last year .
A Justice Department spokesman told Newsweek that Libby has not personally requested a pardon .
But investigative reporters Michael Isikoff and Mark Hosenball note that " speculation is rampant that Libby 's allies will press Bush for one . "
Libby was found to have obstructed justice and lied to investigators probing the leak of former CIA agent Valerie Plame 's identity in 2003 .
Convicted in June of last year , Libby served no time for his crimes , as Bush stepped in to commute the prison sentence before he was forced to go to jail .
Bush left intact a $ 250,000 fine and community service requirements that were part of Libby 's sentence .
It 's unclear whether Libby would get his money back if Bush pardons Libby , although such an outcome is possible .
This video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast Nov. 17 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
The elder brother , 14 , known as CT , was first abused when he did a week of work experience with Souter , a qualified carpenter .
As CT climbed a ladder Souter followed him up , slipping his hand up the boy 's shorts and rubbing his penis before climbing down and ejaculating himself .
Later when CT helped him at a carpentry job , Souter rubbed himself against the boy simulating sex and told him to think about the woman who owned the house .
He then masturbated CT after telling him to put on the woman 's stockings .
CT 's younger brother , NT was about 10 years old when he first met Souter who would visit their home for dinner and family barbecues and go to the beach with them .
Four years later , while NT helped Souter to build a new church hall , Souter asked him , " Do you want me to show you how to become a man ? " before making the boy perform sex acts .
Later , while taking the boy on a bike ride Souter said to the boy : " Let 's go to the sand hills .
I can show you how to make babies . "
He held his hand to the boy 's mouth while having anal sex with him .
NT told health workers about the abuse after he experienced an anxiety attack while on a church convention in Alice Springs .
Souter was expelled from the congregation before being readmitted after he apologised to church elders .
Souter abused the the third boy , who worked for him , several times including while the boy slept as they drove home from a job .
Souter sat with his head down throughout the sentencing while his three victims , now adults , and their family and friends sat in the back of the court .
He is serving a prison sentence for the sexual assault of another brother of CT and NT , the court heard .
Judge David Freeman said the facts of this case were " distressingly similar to the case for which he is already serving time " .
" That he has debauched all three sons of the one family has done extreme damage , " Judge Freeman said .
" The guilt of the parents for allowing a fellow member of their church to defile their sons is palpable . "
Souter will serve a maximum of 10 years and six months in prison with a non-parole period of seven years and nine months .
He will be eligible for parole in 2015 .
Outside court the victims said they were relieved by the sentence and that they could now begin to move on with their lives .
The highest - ranking executives at four firms have agreed under pressure to go without their bonuses , including John A .
Thain , who initially wanted a bonus this year since he joined Merrill Lynch as chief executive after its ill - fated mortgage bets were made .
And four former executives at one hard - hit bank , UBS of Switzerland , recently volunteered to return some of the bonuses they were paid before the financial crisis .
But few think others on Wall Street will follow that lead .
For now , most banks are looking forward rather than backward .
Morgan Stanley and UBS are attaching new strings to bonuses , allowing them to pull back part of workers ’ payouts if they turn out to have been based on illusory profits .
Those policies , had they been in place in recent years , might have clawed back hundreds of millions of dollars of compensation paid out in 2006 to employees at all levels , including senior executives who are still at those banks .
A Bonus Bonanza
For Wall Street , much of this decade represented a new Gilded Age .
Salaries were merely play money — a pittance compared to bonuses .
Bonus season became an annual celebration of the riches to be had in the markets .
That was especially so in the New York area , where nearly $ 1 out of every $ 4 that companies paid employees last year went to someone in the financial industry .
Bankers celebrated with five - figure dinners , vied to outspend each other at charity auctions and spent their newfound fortunes on new homes , cars and art .
The bonanza redefined success for an entire generation .
Graduates of top universities sought their fortunes in banking , rather than in careers like medicine , engineering or teaching .
Wall Street worked its rookies hard , but it held out the promise of rich rewards .
In college dorms , tales of 30 - year - olds pulling down $ 5 million a year were legion .
While top executives received the biggest bonuses , what is striking is how many employees throughout the ranks took home large paychecks .
On Wall Street , the first goal was to make “ a buck ” — a million dollars .
More than 100 people in Merrill ’s bond unit alone broke the million - dollar mark in 2006 .
Goldman Sachs paid more than $ 20 million apiece to more than 50 people that year , according to a person familiar with the matter .
Goldman declined to comment .
The question everybody asks is whether the Mets WILL sign Manny Ramirez , and to this point the answer remains no .
We 've said and written it a million times -- Omar Minaya likes the guy , thinks he'd be a perfect fit , but ownership does n't want him on the team .
It 's why they did n't trade for him in July , when he was practically free , and it's why they say they 're not going to sign him now .
But the question that does n't seem to be asked nearly as often is whether the Mets SHOULD sign Manny Ramirez .
The answer to that one is :
Of course they should .
Everybody 's favorite Mets blogger , Matt Cerrone , was musing on this issue this morning and concluded with this thought :
" ... if this continues to drag out , and there is a chance of ramirez signing a one - year deal , the Mets have to get involved ... they have to ... "
Cerrone is a fan , and even Mets fans remain ever - hopeful .
But sadly for him , the thing for which he 's hoping -- that if a right - handed Hall of Fame hitter who plays a corner outfield spot falls into their lap the Mets snatch him -- is n't likely to happen .
And that 's a shame , for the Mets .
And short - sighted .
Ramirez is a perfect fit for the Mets. Perfect .
Right now , their plan for left field is a platoon of Daniel Murphy and Fernando Tatis , which means they 're counting on a couple of two - month wonders to stretch their 2008 magic over a full 2009 .
Not necessarily a terrible plan , except they also have a question mark in right field .
And second base .
And really , first base , when you look at the past two years of Carlos Delgado and wonder which guy is going to show up .
The Mets can talk all they want about how happy they are with their offense , but the fact is Nick Evans was batting fifth and playing left field in the must - win final game of 2008 , and there 's a pretty good chance that , had Manny Ramirez been there , they 'd have made the postseason .
If the questions about Ramirez are questions of character , hustle and desire , then he 's earned them .
Everybody watched him flake out time and again in Boston .
It 's well - documented that he dogged his way out of there in July , and anybody who'd do that comes with plenty of baggage and question marks .
But to let those question marks overwhelm the benefit that Ramirez would bring is simply short - sighted .
In July of 2008 , when Ramirez had supposedly stopped trying because he wanted the Red Sox to trade him , he batted .347 with a .473 on - base percentage and a .587 slugging percentage .
Yes , those numbers jumped to otherworldly levels once he was dealt to the Dodgers and got happy and comfortable hitting against weak National League pitching .
But there was nothing wrong with those numbers .
At the time of the trade , Ramirez was a .299 hitter with 20 home runs and 68 RBI in 100 games .
If that 's the way he hits when he's not trying , you could do a lot worse than to have a player like that on your team .
A scout I talked to last week said this about Manny Ramirez : " All you hear is about all the problems the Red Sox had with Manny .
Well , it looks to me like they did a lot of winning with Manny .
I know a lot of teams that would have traded their problems for Boston 's over the past five or six years . "
It 's not as if the Mets have some kind of delicate clubhouse chemistry Ramirez would upset here .
The best thing you can say about the Mets ' clubhouse is that it 's businesslike .
Guys go their own way .
There are cliques .
There are people who like each other and people who do n't .
It 's not 25 guys who go out to dinner together every night .
It 's not the rolling frat party that was chronicled in Sports Illustrated in 2006 , when Paul Lo Duca , Cliff Floyd and Pedro Martinez were such dominant personalities and Delgado was the quiet leader to whom everybody gravitated .
At this point , it 's not a room that would be especially upset by the arrival of a flaky superstar .
There are quite a few players in there , in fact , who might not mind adding a guy who would draw as much media attention to himself and away from them as Ramirez would .
Plus , Ramirez is n't going to come to New York and dog it .
Even if he did , he 'd still produce more than a Murphy / Tatis combo is likely to produce , but he wo n't .
He is driven , friends say , to get to 600 home runs ( he has 527 ) .
He likes that he 's building a Hall of Fame resume and wants to add to it .
He has two World Series rings , which is half as many as the entire current Mets 40 - man roster has .
He was the sole reason the Dodgers were able to muscle up and win the NL West last year , and as such he represents the biggest mistake the Mets made in 2008 .
They should n't make it again , and the shame is that it looks as if they will .
Ramirez 's price is dropping by the second .
Mark Teixeira 's signing with the Yankees eliminated the Yankees as a potential Ramirez suitor .
The Red Sox never were one .
The Angels and Nationals say they 're out .
The Dodgers have n't offered more than $ 45 million for two years , and nobody else has yet offered a penny .
Whoever signs Manny Ramirez is actually going to end up getting a good deal , considering the deal he 's probably going to get and the quality of hitter he is .
If a deal like that fell in the Mets ' laps , as Cerrone said , they 'd have to go for it .
They 'd have to .
Cerrone and his fellow Mets fans should hope the team changes its mind , and comes around to his way of thinking .
Because Manny as a 2009
Met is too good an idea to pass up .
CNN is shuttering its Miles O'Brien - led science unit in what may be a sign of things to come for science news desks across the country .
Though the cut comes amidst thousands of layoffs across the reporting landscape , CNN maintains that the move is strategic in nature , and not related to the current economic climate .
" We want to integrate environmental , science and technology reporting into the general editorial structure rather than have a stand alone unit , " CNN said in a statement sent to Wired.com .
" Now that the bulk of our environmental coverage is being offered through the Planet in Peril franchise which is produced by the [ Anderson Cooper 360 ] program , there is no need for a separate unit . "
While that articulates some kind of plan for environmental coverage , it begs the question : what 's going to happen to CNN 's space and science coverage without the network 's primary space and science team ?
There is science occurring all over this imperiled planet that is not environmental in nature .
Mediabistro blog , TVNewser , broke the story of O'Brien 's departure earlier today .
Miles O'Brien released a predictably milquetoast statement through CNN .
Wired.com could not independently reach him for comment .
See Also :
Image : flickr / mybloodyself
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and webpage ; Wired Science on Facebook .
" If the next century is tranquil and prosperous ,
life in 2030 will be adorned by cultured and urbane
amenities in excess of the pleasant accompaniments
which our contemporary civilisation can exhibit . "
The World in 2030
The World Polity in 2030
The Air in 2030
Woman in 2030
' In 2030 women will still use men as the media by which
their greatest triumphs are wrought ; they will still be able ,
by their wit and charms , to direct the activities of the
most able men towards heights which they could
never otherwise hope to achieve . ' [ Ha ! ]
' In 2030 women will still use men as the media by whichtheir greatest triumphs are wrought ; they will still be able , by their wit and charms , to direct the activities of themost able men towards heights which they couldnever otherwise hope to achieve . '
Everyday Life in 2030
War in 2030
Industry in 2030
The Amenities of 2030
The Future in 2030
humane
cryptogon.com news – analysis – conspiracies
December 30th , 2008
None of the stories that I ’ve read about the death of Jennifer Ellis - Seitz mentioned that she was involved with training poll workers for upcoming elections in Florida .
So , we have :
( A reporter ) from ( Florida ) , who also happened to be involved with ( Florida elections ) , supposedly committed ( suicide ) during a cruise that she took with her family to celebrate her one year wedding anniversary .
I thought I ’d mention the Florida elections part , since it does n’t seem to be worth mentioning in regular media stories about this .
Via : Florida Today :
The U.S. Coast Guard has suspended its search for a former FLORIDA TODAY newsroom employee who reportedly fell from a cruise ship balcony off the coast of Mexico .
Family members on Monday said she previously had suffered from emotional problems .
Jennifer Ellis-Seitz was reported missing from Norwegian Pearl just before 5 a.m. Friday .
According to news reports , there is video of a woman going overboard about eight hours earlier .
“ The family suspects that Jennifer chose an unfortunate ending to her life , ” family members said in a press release e-mailed to FLORIDA TODAY .
“ She was a beautiful and caring person and will be truly missed by all who love her . ”
Family members say that Ellis - Seitz and her husband , Raymond , were celebrating their one - year anniversary on the cruise .
They had invited Ellis ’ mother along .
“ There were no outward signs or indication of anything being wrong or unusual , ” both families said in the joint statement .
“ Jennifer , however , has had previous emotional issues . ”
The family said her husband and mother discovered her missing at around 2 a.m. , saying it was common for her to walk the ship late at night when she could not get to sleep .
Ellis -Seitz worked at FLORIDA TODAY from 2000 to 2004 , mainly covering breaking news for www.floridatoday.com.
She recently had been working as a free - lance writer .
During the recent elections , she worked for the Polk County Supervisor of Elections Office .
Records show her most recent address is in Winter Haven .
“ It was a seasonal job , ” said spokeswoman Judy Walker with the election ’s office .
“ Our hearts go out to her family and our prayers and thoughts are that she will be found OK . ”
Mexican Navy and U.S. Coast Guard boats and helicopters searched the waters off the Caribbean resort of Cancun for Ellis - Seitz .
Fifth Naval Regional Command said in a statement it had found no sign of Seitz .
The search took place over 17 miles east of Cancun and beyond .
Crews covered more than 2,500 square miles searching for Seitz .
Family members said that Ellis - Seitz often walked the ship into the late hours when she was having trouble sleeping .
Her husband and mother did not become alarmed until 2 a .m. when she had not returned to their cabin .
They searched the ship for her before alerting authoritiees an hour later .
Norwegian Cruise Line said the ship returned to Miami Sunday after a seven - day cruise .
Ellis - Seitz ’s former husband , Michael Rich of Brevard County , confirmed the news .
Rich said he was shocked , but did not wish to comment further .
They were married in 2005 for a year .
The family press release also said : “ Jennifer was in a very happy and uplifted mood both before and during the cruise .
She was excited about starting a new job and her future career with a local newspaper .
“ She and her husband had been talking about starting their family . ”
More : Jennifer Ellis - Seitz ’s resume from Orlando Sentinel :
Jennifer Ellis- Seitz
Owner of NewsHound Communications Orlando area
Current Trainer / Writer at Supervisor of Elections Owner at NewsHound Communications Past Instructor at Brevard Community College Reporter at Florida Today Education : Queens University of Charlotte
Summary :
Twelve years of teaching and training experience , combined with seven years of reporting and writing experience .
When I ’m not teaching , writing or writing teaching materials I skydive , snorkel , SCUBA and hold a CDL Class B with passenger endorsement .
I ’ve also been know to karoke a mean tune .
Experience :
Trainer / Writer Supervisor of Elections ( Government Administration industry )
June 2008 – Present ( 7 months )
Writer , producer and online enhancer of materials related to training poll workers for the upcoming elections .
Specific duties include writing , creating and presenting training relating to the Americans with Disabilities Act and HAVA .
In addition , I also teach classes presenting materials to classrooms of poll workers .
Owner NewsHound Communications ( Media Production industry )
January 2000 – Present ( 9 years )
* Freelance editing , writing and media relations business specializing in Central Florida ’s travel and tourism industry .
Clients include editorial services for a bi-monthly newspaper in Celebration , FL .
Additional services include writing , radio voice - over work , commercial writing , jingles Web design , video taping and graphic visual design .
* Supervise a staff of up to 20 .
Prepared press releases have picked up by several world - wide publications ; a PSA for the health care agency was aired on the number one Arbitron rated afternoon show in Orlando .
* Edit , proofread and streamline materials to meet clients needs .
Instructor Brevard Community College August 2003 – December 2006 ( 3 years 5 months ) Instructor of Prep Writing , Prep Reading
Reporter Florida Today August 2000 – May 2004 ( 3 years 10 months )
* Wrote , compiled and posted breaking news stories for online Web site floridatoday.com as well as print editions of Florida Today .
* Web production : Responsible for production , proofing and multimedia components of floridatoday.com .
* Collaborated as on - air personality with news partner WKMG Local 6 ( CBS ) First News .
* Position required fast thinking , attention to detail and ability to work under pressure with constant deadlines .
Education :
Queens University of Charlotte BA , English / Communications , 1993 – 1995 Activities and Societies : Chamber Singers , student government , college newspaper , YMCA
Honors :
Member Phi Theta Kappa national honor society
Member , Florida Council of Teacher ’s of English
Member , Society of Professional Journalists
Knight Center for Specialized Journalism Fellowship , University of Maryland
John S. and James L. Knight Fellowship , Salzburg Seminar , Salzburg , Austria
Coincidence ? , Florida | Posted in Assassination Top Of Page
Will 2009 be the year that 3 - D movies finally come of age and captivate audiences ?
Will old - school characters like Robin Hood and Sherlock Holmes bury comic book characters at the cineplex , or will sci-fi and superheroes continue to slap the box office upside the head ?
And who the heck is Sam Worthington ?
( Hint : He stars in two of the year ’s most - anticipated movies . )
Wired.com ’s 2009 Movie Guide takes a look at 13 intriguing flicks due out next year , including J.J. Abrams ’ younger , faster Star Trek ( pictured above , lower left ) ; James Cameron ’s long - awaited 3 - D epic Avatar ; Hugh Jackman ’s return as the title character in X - Men Origins : Wolverine ( above , upper right ) ; the first Arnold - free Terminator film ; Wolfman as re-fanged by Benicio Del Toro ; Kate Beckinsale - in - a - parka Antarctic crime flick Whiteout ; and Spike Jonez ’s reworking of Where the Wild Things Are ( above , lower right ) .
As always , release dates may change , especially in the case of Watchmen ( pictured above , upper left ) , Warner Bros . ’ highly anticipated superhero movie that must clear a huge legal hurdle to make its slated March 6 screen date .
The potentially fascinating movies listed below appear in chronological order according to their currently scheduled release dates .
Coraline
Concept : Stop-motion 3 - D animation follows the adventures of little girl Coraline who walks through a secret door in her new home and discovers an alternate reality that bears eerie similarities to real life .
When her " Other Mother " decides to keep Coraline in the parallel universe — forever — the girl must outwit the weirdos and fight her way back home .
Talent : Dakota Fanning voices the title character with Teri Hatcher as the parallel parent .
Wild card : Director Henry Selik ’s film adaption of Neil Gaiman ’s Hugo Award - winning novella has won high praise from the author , who told Wired.com : " It ’s the most … peculiar … stop - motion film I think that ’s ever been made .
Everything is created , everything is handmade . "
Release date : Feb . 6 .
Photo courtesy Laika
See also :
Watchmen
Concept :
When an ex-superhero is killed , the vigilante Rorshach begins an investigation into the murder that leads to a freakish urban netherworld where Nite Owl , Ozymandias , Moloch the Mystic , Mothman , The Comedian , Dr. Manhattan , Captain Metropolis and Sally Jupiter / Silk Spectre collide .
Talent : Jackie Earle Haley as Rorshach heads the ensemble cast , which also includes Billy Crudup , Carla Gugino and Patrick Wilson .
Wild card : Famously cranky Watchmen creator Alan Moore wants no part of this movie , but 20th Century Fox sure does .
After seeing what Watchmen director Zack Snyder ’s 300 movie did at the box office , Fox pulled out old contracts with the film ’s producer and litigated against Warner Bros. to block release of Watchmen unless it gets a cut of ticket revenues .
Release date : March 6
Photo courtesy Warner Bros .
See also :
Monsters vs. Aliens
Concept : 3 - D animated comedy follows a California girl who gets knocked in the noggin on her wedding day by a meteor full of alien ooze and suddenly becomes 49 feet tall .
Captured by the Army , she ’s renamed Ginormica and tossed into monster jail alongside Dr. Cockroach , The Missing Link , gelatinous B.O.B. and a 350 - foot - long grub named Insectosaurus .
When a hell - raising alien robot lands on Earth , the outcasts come to the rescue .
Talent : Reese Witherspoon voices Ginormica , with Hugh Laurie , Will Arnett , Seth Rogen , Rainn Wilson , Stephen Colbert , Kiefer Sutherland and Paul Rudd .
Wild card : DreamWorks Animation boss Jeffrey Katzenberg has been barnstorming the country hosting sneak peeks of Monsters and selling audiences on the 3 - D experience .
Addressing the International Broadcasting Convention in Amsterdam last fall , Katzenberg said : " I think in a reasonable period of time , all movies are going to be made in 3 - D . "
The film is co-directed by Conrad Vernon ( Shrek ) and
Rob Letterman ( Shark Tale ) .
Release date : March 27
Photo courtesy DreamWorks Animation
See also :
X - Men Origins : Wolverine
Concept :
The amazingly recuperative fighting machine with retractable claws known as Wolverine , gets his own violent backstory in this prequel to the X - Men movie trilogy .
Wolverine navigates his dicey relationship with mastermind Victor Creed and the Weapon X program as a parade of mutants old and new gives the rage - filled Wolverine more reasons to get ticked off .
Talent : Hugh Jackman stars , with Liev Schreiber , will .i.am , Danny Huston and Dominic Monaghan ( TV’s Lost ) .
Wild card : South African director
Gavin
Hood makes his indie - to - popcorn movie move on the heels of his tiny 2005 Oscar - winner , Tsotsi .
David Benioff ( Troy ) wrote the script , but it remains to be seen if Jackman ’s hosting gig for the worldwide Oscar telecast and the new creative team can revitalize the X - Men franchise in the follow - up to Bret Ratner ’s so - so X - Men 3 : The Last Stand .
Release date : May 1
Photo courtesy 20th Century Fox
See also :
Star Trek
Concept : Epic space adventure answers the question : How did Kirk come to be captain of the Enterprise ?
Kirk starts out as a cocky twenty - something roustabout who joins up with the starship crew in an Iowa bar and embarks for adventures to prove his mettle by taking on the evil Nero and winning over the skeptical Spock .
Talent : Chris Pine stars as Kirk , with Zachary Quinto ( Heroes ‘ Sylar ) as Spock and Eric Bana as tattooed heavy Nero. Simon Pegg ( Scotty ) and John Cho ( Sulu ) co-star with Karl Urban , Zoe Saldana , Amanda Grayson , Bruce Greenwood and Winona Ryder .
Wild card : J.J. Abrams embarked on a road show in Europe and the United States to prove that unlike most recent Trek movies , this installment will not suck .
Hopeful sign : Screenwriters Roberto Orci and Alex Kurtman ( Fringe , Mission : Impossible III ) are genuine Trek nerds .
Orci grew up answering a phone shaped like the Enterprise .
Release date : May 8
Photo courtesy Paramount Pictures
See also :
Terminator Salvation
Concept : Set in 2018 , John Connor leads a post - apocalyptic resistance movement aimed at taking down the sentient Skynet computer network and its robotic Terminators .
Everything changes when death row survivor Marcus Wright shows up .
Is the mysterious stranger teleported from the future or a refugee from the past ?
Drilling into the dark heart of Skynet ’s operations , Connor and Wright discover a gruesome secret .
Talent : Christian Bale plays Connor , with Sam Worthington as co-star .
Anton Yelchin , Bryce Dallas Howard , Moon Bloodgood and Common round out the cast .
Wild card : Worthington got his juicy Terminator role after being recommended by James Cameron , who cast the Australian actor as the lead in Avatar .
Hyping his bleak " Soviet - style " vision , director McG promised fans in an online post : " You ’ll finally get to see some of the post - judgment day future that was only hinted at in the previous movies . "
Release date : May 23
Photo courtesy Warner Bros .
See also :
Land of the Lost
Concept :
Sci -fi slapstick flick follows washed - up scientist Rick Marshall as he gets sucked into a space - time vortex and lands in the Stone Age .
Stranded in prehistoric times with research assistant Holly and hard - bitten survivalist Will , the trio tangles with T. rex dinosaurs and slow - as - molasses Sleestak reptiles with a little help from a primate named Chaka .
Talent : Will Ferrell stars , with Anna Friel and Danny McBride .
Jorma Taccone plays the ape .
Wild card : Director Brad Silberling steered Jim Carrey through deft visual effects in Lemony Snicket ’s A Series of Unfortunate Events .
Ferrell and the consistently hilarious Friel should add up to a goofy good time .
Screenplay co-written by Chris Henchy ( TV’s Entourage ) based on the TV series created by puppet auteurs Sid & Marty Krofft .
Release date : June 5
Photo courtesy Universal Pictures
Transformers : Revenge of the Fallen
Concept : Sam Witwicky , the high school kid who slayed Decepticons and befriended the groovy Transformers two summers ago , now starts his first year of college hoping to leave the ‘ bot hate behind .
Of course , the evil ones just wo n’t leave him alone .
Talent : Shia LaBeouf and Megan Fox return as the lead robot slayers .
Rainn Wilson co-stars .
Wild card : Transformers grossed $ 708 million worldwide , spawning this sequel , but the sure thing hit a bump in the road when LaBeouf injured his arm in a car crash last summer .
Release date : June 29
See also :
Harry Potter and the Half - Blood Prince
Concept : Pay close attention :
As wicked Voldemort bears down on muggles and wizards ’ worlds , Harry of Hogwarts prepares for the final battle , coached by Dumbledore and professor Horace Slughorn .
Harry also vies with Dean Thomas for Ginny ’s affections .
Romilda Vane ( armed with seductive chocolates ) and Lavender Brown fight over Ro. Hermione refuses to flaunt her twinges of jealousy .
One student , meanwhile , plots a dark fate for the school .
Talent :
The usual crowd : Daniel Radcliffe , Rupert Grint , Emma Watson , Jim Broadbent , Helena Bonham Carter , Robbie Coltrane , Warwick Davis , Michael Gambon , Alan Rickman , Maggie Smith , Timothy Spall , David Thewlis and Julie Walters .
Wild card : Putting behind its cease - and - desist orders against Potter - inspired rock ‘ n ’ rollers ( as documented in We Are Wizards ) , Warner Bros. keeps the ball rolling with a script by Steve Kloves , who has adapted all of J.K.
Rowling ’s novels for the screen .
Helming this time around is British TV director David Yates ( State of Play ) .
Release date : July 17
Photo courtesy Warner Bros .
See also :
Whiteout
Concept : Antarctica ’s sole U.S. Marshal Carrie Stetko only has three days to solve a murder before she gets enveloped by the long dark winter .
Wait until dark and she risks frostbite and payback from a cold - hearted killer .
Talent : Kate Beckinsale stars , with Gabriel Macht ( The Spirit ) .
Wild card : TV has far outpaced movies when it comes to presenting formidable female crime - fighters .
Here ’s a welcome exception .
Produced by action mogul Joel Silver and based on the Oni Press graphic novel by Greg Rucka and illustrator Steve Lieber , Whiteout pulls no punches :
It ’s rated R for violence , grisly images , brief strong language and some nudity .
Beckinsale , who showed her tough side in Underworld , teams with director Dominic Sena ( Gone in Sixty Seconds ) .
Release date : Sept. 11
Photo courtesy Warner Bros .
See also :
Where the Wild Things Are
Concept : Dark fantasy follows imaginative bad boy Max , who dreams up a magical forest inhabited by creatures that worship him as their king .
Talent : Newcomer Max Record stars with Catherine O’Hara , Forest Whitaker , Catherine Keener , James Gandolfini , Paul Dano and Lauren Ambrose
Wild card : Director Spike Jonze ( Adaptation , Being John Malkovich ) has been laboring over this $ 80 million film version of Maurice Sendak ’s classic fable for three years .
Co-scripted by McSweeney ’s mastermind Dave Eggers , a rough cut that screened for preview audiences fizzled , but Jonze is swinging for the fences as he hunkers down for another round of tweaks .
Release date : Oct. 16
Photo courtesy Warner Bros .
See also :
The Wolfman
Concept : Nobleman Lawrence Talbot returns to the family estate after his brother vanishes to contend with his estranged father .
Haunted by the death of his mother decades earlier , Talbot uncovers an ancient curse as he tries to stop the brutal murders of nearby villagers that occur every time there ’s a full moon .
Talent :
Benicio Del Toro stars , with Anthony Hopkins as the wolfman ’s father .
Emily Blunt ( Devil Wears Prada ) plays the love interest with Hugo Weaving ( V for Vendetta ) portraying a shrewd Scotland Yard inspector .
Wild card : Excavating the classic 1940 monster movie from its vaults for a 21st century overhaul , Universal Studios entrusted the project to veteran visual effects expert - turned - director Joe Johnston ( Star Wars : Episode V : The Empire Strikes Back , Hidalgo ) .
Look for Oscar - winning Del Toro to invest the role with his characteristic method intensity — he ’s also executive - producing .
Release date : Nov. 6
Photo courtesy Universal Pictures
See also :
Sherlock Holmes
Concept :
The famous sleuth goes into action mode as he and Dr. Watson take on a villain that threatens the whole of London .
Talent :
Robert Downey Jr. stars with strong support from Jude Law as Dr. Watson .
Rachel McAdams co-stars .
Wild card : Downey , a clever man of action ?
Of course .
But how will he mesh with director Guy Ritchie ?
Excelling with quick - cut heist movies like Snatch and RocknRolla , Ritchie tends to go soggy with more serious fare .
This incarnation of Sir Arthur Conan Doyle ’s classic character is based on a Sherlock Holmes comic by Harry Potter executive producer Lionel Wigram .
Release date : Nov. 20
Photo courtesy Warner Bros .
See also :
Avatar
Concept :
An ex-Marine lands on an alien planet filled with exotic life forms .
Assuming an alien body but holding onto his human mind , this " Avatar " goes to bat for the planet ’s indigenous people .
Talent : Sam Worthington stars as the strange human on a strange planet .
The cast also includes Zoe Saldana , Stephen Lang , Michelle Rodriguez and Sigourney Weaver .
Wild card : Director James Cameron spent nearly a decade on R&D to come up with the special cameras and " intuitive " CGI technologies aimed at producing fully photorealistic 3 - D aliens and otherworldly vistas of Avatar .
Cameron earlier took specially lensed 3 - D cameras underwater to explore Titanic wreckage .
For his first non-documentary feature since directing all - time box office champ and Best Picture Oscar winner The Titanic , Cameron teamed with WETA Digital ( The Lord of the Rings trilogy ) .
The always - ambitious Cameron believes Avatar could permanently impact the way audiences experience movies .
Release date : Dec. 18
Photo courtesy 20th Century Fox
See also :
And that ’s not all !
Here are a few more movies that pique our appetite for thrills and offbeat chills :
A FINANCIAL crisis on the scale of the one unfolding on Wall Street would be terrible at any juncture .
But the timing of this one is astonishingly bad .
In one corner is a president with just over a hundred days left to serve , who many people believe is among the most calamitous ever to occupy the White House .
In the other corner is Congress , where a third of the Senate and the whole of the House face re-election in exactly one month 's time .
Flickering in and out of the fray are the two presidential candidates , whose campaigns have become the playthings of forces over which they have no control .
If ever there were a recipe for poor political leadership , this is it .
The malign coincidence of crash and election reinforces the difficulties .
Political weakness makes it hard to get to grips with a reeling economy , and the economic crisis disrupts the process of choosing a new president .
Most obviously , it is distracting attention from the contest .
At a time when voters ought to be weighing up the candidates ' characters , records and policies , the airwaves are saturated with the grim news from the world 's banks and bourses .
Even worse , the crisis makes a mockery of many of the campaign promises laboriously crafted in focus groups and policy workshops , and methodically laid out on the stump and via the internet .
Read all about it
Even before the cost of bail - outs is considered , the budget deficit for the current fiscal year is estimated at slightly over $ 400 billion , already about 3 % of GDP .
If America were part of the EU , it would be facing trouble for breaching the Maastricht guidelines ; and if it moves into full - blown recession next year 's deficit will be a lot worse .
Even though the full $ 700 billion cost of the proposed bail - out would be spread over several years , and the offsetting value of the loans the government intends to buy up will increase if the bail - out works , the current crisis is likely to drive a large hole through a budget that already looks stretched .
Deficits do , and ought to , rise in recessions ; but if they start out high and are coupled with promises of expensive tax cuts and spending boosts , the long - term consequences for the public finances are alarming .
This week we publish a special 20 - page briefing looking at the pledges the two presidential candidates have made ; we also have a survey of economists examining their schemes — ( see article ) .
Both men are exposed to a budget crunch ( as indeed are parties elsewhere , such as Britain 's Tories — see article ) .
John McCain has the bigger tax cuts , but an empty Treasury may hurt Barack Obama more because he has proposed a lot more on the spending side .
He has more promises that may have to be broken if there is no money .
To many voters , Mr Obama 's most attractive single policy is that he is committed to introducing universal health coverage , ending the disgraceful situation whereby some 46 m
Americans have no health cover and get little or no health care until they end up in an emergency room .
On top of that , tens of millions more have health cover that is restricted or inadequate , and an even larger number fear that they could fall into one or other of these categories should they lose their jobs and the health insurance that goes with them .
Fixing health care is a laudable aim , but even on Mr Obama 's own reckoning , it will cost some $ 50 billion - 65 billion a year , and most analysts think that the true price would be a lot more .
Mr Obama also promises investment in alternative energy , affordable university tuition , a big push to upgrade America 's crumbling infrastructure and much else .
He has admitted , under questioning , that the state of the economy means that some of these promises will have to be “ delayed ” .
He has been , unsurprisingly , reluctant to say which ones .
Mr McCain 's problems are rather different .
He has made fewer economic promises than Mr Obama has , but the ones he has made , mainly to business in the shape of slashing corporate taxes from 35 % to 25 % , and allowing immediate write - offs of lots of equipment , are very expensive .
One reason why our polled economists come out so heavily against Mr McCain is because the deficit would rise dramatically under his plan .
Against that , few people , including probably Mr McCain himself , have ever believed that he would get his tax cuts through a Democrat - controlled Congress .
To that extent at least , the Republican , who once used to be a fiscal conservative , has less to lose in the crunch .
But that is hardly a flattering yardstick .
The candidates ' economic plans are still a useful guide to their very different political philosophies .
But when it comes to paying for it all , neither is offering much straight talk .
The Opposite of Momentum
or “ Sophie ’s Choice ” for Rubyists .
Let me start by saying that I ’ve been a longtime fan of Ruby .
I ’ve been a member of the #caboose cabal forever , and I ’ve written hundreds of thousands of lines of ruby over the course the last 6 years .
I ’ve drank the Ruby kool - aid , helped to start two RailsStartups and integrated a lot of code into Ruby .
I fought tooth and nail to get Lockheed Martin to include Ruby deliverables in their RSA2 standardization project ( did n’t you know ?
Ruby helps launch rockets ! )
Ruby has been awesome to me and mine , and has basically grown a career path for me that I might not otherwise have gotten .
I owe my position in Powerset to Ruby and the Ruby Community .
In 2006 , I would have rebuffed a lot of the complaints I am about to make , because they were not so egregious and the climate of the software engineering world was different .
But this is 2008 , nearly 2009 , and things change .
So , it ’s with great sadness that I agree with several recent Rubyist ’s blog posts and say that Ruby is in a very bad place right now .
It ’s no longer cutting edge , it ’s technically stagnant , is in implementation limbo , and just is n’t … well … fun , anymore .
I am not trying to troll the Ruby community , and I ’d like nothing more than for these problems to go away , but I think that we need to talk about these issues .
I know a lot of other Rubyists are thinking what I ’m about to say .
Ruby is poised on the precipice ( if not already over the edge ) of a negative feedback cycle that will ultimately lead to its balkanization and marginalization within a few short years if things do n’t change soon .
No Particular Place To Go
Perhaps the most frustrating part about Ruby , to me , is the outrageously outdated state of the current Ruby interpreter .
There is basically no way to avoid writing software that leaks memory .
It will happen , you just have to make it leak as little as possible .
I still remember the massive effort that Tom Preston - Werner went through to get a relatively simple program like God.rb to not leak memory … and it still leaks memory !
And let ’s be honest , Ruby is one of the slowest choices in the scripting language market .
The Ruby interpreter is dead last in the GCLS .
Now , I know the GLCS is synthetic and not very useful , but it ’s still worth noting that Ruby is so slow that the primary defense for its speed is the 37signals - esque “ It Just Does n’t Matter™ ” .
And on top of all this , the implementation is quirky and buggy and all sorts of little gaffs show up .
For example , inline blocks do n’t establish a new scope , so iteration variables are left behind in the enclosing scope , making for some weird artifacts .
Basically , the Ruby 1.8 interpreter is a mess .
The Ruby 1.9 interpreter is a little better , but is incompatible and not designed for real people to use ( rather it ’s claimed that it ’s a transition release moving to 2.0 ) .
So what are we supposed to use in the meantime ?
YARV was supposed to be done Christmas of 2005 , haha .
Rubinius looked like the light and hope of the Rubyverse , but their team has been slashed and they ’ve scrapped their core interpreter for a rewrite in the face of several setbacks .
They ’re nowhere near a release .
jRuby is great , but I kind of liked the illusion of a small memory footprint–a lot of Ruby use is in scripting and starting up a “ java - server ” instance is not really desirable for that .
And does anyone even remember IronRuby ( I guess most ruby developers see the CLR as a trap ) .
There are no good choices for a Ruby interpreter .
The best choice we can make is the compatible 1.8. * series , which has the aforementioned issues .
What was once a great strength of Ruby ( a single choice for a canonical interpreter ) is now an anchor holding back from progress .
Evolutionary , Not Revolutionary
Even if you can stay the course and Ruby meets your performance and stability needs , Ruby ’s future is n’t looking terribly exciting .
What was once a cutting edge and very exciting scripting language is now basically stagnant for several years .
And if you look at the changes 1.9 is brining , most of them are incremental and evolutionary rather than big , exciting changes that might help Ruby resume its place of the curve .
Let ’s rundown some things people are excited about–and while I do this you should substitute a crowd unenthusiastically saying “ yayyyyy ” .
We ’ve got Unicode strings , sorta ( yayyy ) .
We ’ve got a minor revision to the execution model to add coroutines ( but you could already do this with continuations , which are n’t getting much love ) .
We ’re getting a fundamentally unchanged OO model .
Blocks are getting slightly refined , but they are n’t getting any cool new features like being serializable .
Most of the really interesting new features in ruby ( real threads , better continuations , type inference , restarting from crashes in third party code , better FFI in general ) are all happening in the byzantine pre-alpha world of independent ruby implementations , which it ’s almost guaranteed you ’re not using .
Should I Stay Or Should I Go
All in all , I ’m left with a sinking feeling every time I start a new project in Ruby .
I know I ’m in for a pound of trouble down the road if my project is even moderately successful , and trouble with the same annoying crap I ’ve seen a dozen times now .
Ruby does some awesome things , and it still is a terrific environment for prototyping and deploying a moderate - to - heavy traffic website .
But the problem is that it ’s essentially stagnant .
To really twist the knife , all kinds of exciting shit is going on in the world of interpreted languages .
The Javascript Interpreter Arms Race had led to some of the fastest and most interesting interpreters I ’ve ever seen ( V8 and Squirrel Fish Extreme and Tamarin - Tracing ) .
PLT Scheme ’s 4 .* release cycle is chugging along making an incredibly practical and fast Scheme ( for real !
Practical and Scheme ! ) .
All sorts of compiled HLL technology is really coming to fruition .
And what do I have to look forward to in the Ruby world ?
Essentially the same promise that I heard in late 2005 , “ Christmas will bring a faster ruby . ”
I ’ve got to make a decision for the next project I ’ve got coming up , should I just stick with Ruby because it ’s the mainstream , or should I take the path less traveled like I did back in 2002 and start the cutting - edge cycle all over again ?
I wish we could change all that .
I wish that we had a new , exciting Ruby engine that began to rapidly iterate , was extensible in Ruby itself , and really started to live the dream that Smalltalk failed to achieve in the enterprise : being both cutting edge and mainstream .
Without decisive action in the next few months , things are going to go into a cycle the Ruby community may not be able to recover from .
People will leave trying to stake out The Next Big Thing™ , bleeding the Ruby talent pool dry and making it even less capable of recovering from these bad fortunes .
Architecture Involution LLC ( Ai3 ) , a leading architect firm that specializes in educational design and Triumph Modular , the premier provider of temporary and permanent modular buildings have teamed up to launch the CASE 21 ( Creative Academic Sustainable Environments for the 21st Century ) classroom solution .
CASE 21 is a high - performance learning environment employing state - of - the - art green design , organizational layout and technology integration .
CASE 21 was conceived by Ai3 in response to the poorly designed classrooms with poor lighting , ventilation , acoustics and air quality .
Ai3 partner and co-founder Jim Jordan , who is credited with having designed the widely acclaimed Massachusetts School Building Authority Model School ( Whitman - Hanson Regional High School ) , has led the design charge regarding green design , sustainability , and LEED certification for the CASE 21 project .
CASE 21 is being launched at a time when school districts across the country are coping with the challenge of addressing their facility needs .
The traditional answer , however , has been substandard temporary educational space ( for meeting short - term enrollment bulges ) , or complex major construction projects ( for long - term needs ) that often require a 5 to 7 year timetable and the inevitable problem of cost overruns .
CASE 21 combines the most advanced principles of design for the ideal learning environment with the rapid - delivery , cost - control benefits of modular construction .
The CASE 21 classroom solution is constructed completely off - site , in a climate - controlled environment that virtually eliminates delays or other obstacles related to weather , site disruption or other factors .
The construction and installation process was developed based on years of research and practical experience at Triumph Modular – the nation ’s leading provider of high - quality permanent and temporary modular buildings for education , health care and other key economic sectors .
For more information please go to www.ai-3.com and www.triumphmodular.com.
It is time to reverse the prevailing notion that religious commitment is intrinsically deserving of respect , and that it should be handled with kid gloves and protected by custom and in some cases law against criticism and ridicule .
It is time to refuse to tip - toe around people who claim respect , consideration , special treatment , or any other kind of immunity , on the grounds that they have a religious faith , as if having faith were a privilege - endowing virtue , as if it were noble to believe in unsupported claims and ancient superstitions .
It is neither .
Faith is a commitment to belief contrary to evidence and reason , as between them Kierkegaard and the tale of Doubting Thomas are at pains to show ; their example should lay to rest the endeavours of some ( from the Pope to the Southern Baptists ) who try to argue that faith is other than at least non-rational , given that for Kierkegaard its virtue precisely lies in its irrationality .
On the contrary : to believe something in the face of evidence and against reason - to believe something by faith - is ignoble , irresponsible and ignorant , and merits the opposite of respect .
It is time to say so .
It is time to demand of believers that they take their personal choices and preferences in these non-rational and too often dangerous matters into the private sphere , like their sexual proclivities .
Everyone is free to believe what they want , providing they do not bother ( or coerce , or kill ) others ; but no - one is entitled to claim privileges merely on the grounds that they are votaries of one or another of the world 's many religions .
And as this last point implies , it is time to demand and apply a right for the rest of us to non-interference by religious persons and organisations - a right to be free of proselytisation and the efforts of self - selected minority groups to impose their own choice of morality and practice on those who do not share their outlook .
Doubtless the votaries of religion will claim that they have the moral ( the immoral ) choices of the general population thrust upon them in the form of suggestive advertising , bad language and explicit sex on television , and the like ; they need to be reminded that their television sets have an off button .
There are a number of religious TV channels available , one more emetic than the next , which I do not object to on the grounds of their existence ; I just do n't watch them .
These remarks will of course inflame people of religious faith , who take themselves to have an unquestionable right to respect for the faith they adhere to , and a right to advance , if not indeed impose ( because they claim to know the truth , remember ) their views on others .
In the light of history and the present , matters should perhaps be to the contrary ; but stating that religious commitment is not by itself a reason for respect is not to claim that it is a reason for disrespect either .
Rather , as it is somewhere written , " by their fruits ye shall know them " ; it is this that far too often provides grounds for disrespect of religion and its votaries .
The point to make in opposition to the predictable response of religious believers is that human individuals merit respect first and foremost as human individuals .
Shared humanity is the ultimate basis of all person - to - person and group - to - group relationships , and views which premise differences between human beings as the basis of moral consideration , most especially those that involve claims to possession by one group of greater truth , holiness , or the like , start in absolutely the wrong place .
We might enhance the respect others accord us if we are kind , considerate , peace - loving , courageous , truthful , loyal to friends , affectionate to our families , aspirants to knowledge , lovers of art and nature , seekers after the good of humankind , and the like ; or we might forfeit that respect by being unkind , ungenerous , greedy , selfish , wilfully stupid or ignorant , small - minded , narrowly moralistic , superstitious , violent , and the like .
Neither set of characteristics has any essential connection with the presence or absence of specific belief systems , given that there are nice and nasty Christians , nice and nasty Muslims , nice and nasty atheists .
That is why the respect one should have for one 's fellow humans has to be founded on their humanity , irrespective of the things they have no choice over - ethnicity , age , sexuality , natural gifts , presence or absence of disability - and conditionally ( ie. not for intrinsic reasons ) upon the things they choose - political affiliation , belief system , lifestyle - according to the case that can be made for the choice and the defence that can be offered of the actions that follow from it .
It is because age , ethnicity and disability are not matters of choice that people should be protected from discrimination premised upon them .
By contrast , nothing that people choose in the way of politics , lifestyle or religion should be immune from criticism and ( when , as so often it does , it merits it ) ridicule .
Those who claim to be " hurt " or " offended " by the criticisms or ridicule of people who do not share their views , yet who seek to silence others by law or by threats of violence , are trebly in the wrong : they undermine the central and fundamental value of free speech , without which no other civil liberties are possible ; they claim , on no justifiable ground , a right to special status and special treatment on the sole ground that they have chosen to believe a set of propositions ; and they demand that people who do not accept their beliefs and practices should treat these latter in ways that implicitly accept their holder 's evaluation of them .
A special case of the respect agenda run by religious believers concerns the public advertisement of their faith membership .
When people enter the public domain wearing or sporting immediately obvious visual statements of their religious affiliation , one at least of their reasons for doing so is to be accorded the overriding identity of a votary of that religion , with the associated implied demand that they are therefore to be given some form of special treatment including respect .
But why should they be given automatic respect for that reason ?
That asserting a religious identity as one 's primary front to the world is divisive at least and provocative at worst is fast becoming the view of many , although eccentricities of dress and belief were once of little account in our society , when personal religious commitment was more reserved to the private sphere - where it properly belongs - than its politicisation of late has made it .
From this thought large morals can be drawn for our present discontents .
But one part of a solution to those discontents must surely be to tell those who clamour for a greater slice of public indulgence , public money and public respect , that their personal religious beliefs and practices matter little to the rest of us , though sometimes they are a cause of disdain or amusement ; and that the rest of us are as entitled not to be annoyed by them as their holders are entitled to hold them .
But no organised religion , as an institution , has a greater claim to the attention of others in society than does a trade union , political party , voluntary organisation , or any other special interest group - for " special interest groups " are exactly what churches and organised religious bodies are .
No one could dream of demanding that political parties be respected merely because they are political parties , or of protecting them from the pens of cartoonists ; nor that their members should be .
On the contrary .
And so it should be for all interest groups and their members , without exception .
People have been making cheese for 8,000 years but it seems we still do n't know all there is to know about the bacteria responsible for turning milk into cheese .
An international research team has identified a new line of bacteria they believe adds flavor to some of the world 's most exclusive cheeses .
The team used DNA fingerprinting techniques to identify eight previously undiscovered microbes in the French cheese Reblochon One of France 's great mountain cheeses , Reblochon hails back to the Middle - Ages , when farmers in the mountains of Haute Savoie used to pay their taxes with part of their milk production .
They would n't fully milk their cows ( their way of sticking it to The Man ) and once the tax officers came to measure the milk production and left , the farmers went back to milk the cows again .
The milk they got was much richer and was used to make this ' smear - ripened ' cheese , where the surface of the cheese is washed with a salt solution containing bacteria .
This process helps to spread the bacteria across the surface of the cheese , ripening it from the outside in .
Reblochon - creamy and softer than Brie with a nutty after taste .
It has a strong herbal aroma that is not for the timid so get parental and / or spousal permission before buying .
Other popular smear - ripened cheeses include Port de Salut , Livarot , Taleggio , Limburger and the Irish cheese Gubbeen , because we do n't want to seem like we are favoring Haute Savoie ( though we totally are - try it on baked potatoes ! ) .
Back to the science ; the team have named the microbes Mycetocola reblochoni after the cheese they were first discovered in .
Project lead Professor Michael Goodfellow of Newcastle University said , " It has always been thought the bacteria cheese makers were putting in at the start of the process gave Reblochon its distinctive flavour .
" What our research actually showed was this new group of bacteria - the reblochoni –were responsible for the ripening process , influencing the taste , texture and smell of the cheese .
" Using samples from three different farmhouses , the team carried out a series of modern molecular techniques to classify the bacteria .
Traditionally , smear - ripened cheeses such as Reblochon are exposed to a starter culture , a live mixture containing the microbe Brevibacterium linens , to ripen the cheese ; the cheesemaker turns the cheese every two days and washes it with whey in order to speed the aging process .
Now the research has shown that a new group of bacterial strains are involved in the later stage of ripening , out - competing the Brevibacterium and providing the flavor .
The reblochoni microbes are part of a large group of bacteria known as the Actinomycetes , many of which are already used in the production of antibiotics to treat diseases such as tuberculosis and diphtheria .
Professor Goodfellow says the next step will be to study the potential benefits of these new microbes .
"
The next stage is to see how these new microbes might be used .
Bacteria get a bad name because they are associated with causing disease but many are extremely beneficial and our reblochoni group may well prove to have important uses .
" The research is published this month in the International Journal of Systematic and Evolutionary Biology .
ORANGE , Calif. , Dec. 18 ( UPI ) -- Officials in Orange , Calif. , say it will cost up to $ 19,000 to fix a fountain broken during Chapman University students ' unofficial Undie Run event .
City officials said during the annual student event , in which students run through parts of the city in their underwear , a 71 - year - old fountain in the city 's traffic circle was damaged , The Orange County ( Calif . )
Register said Tuesday .
Advertisement
City spokesman Paul Sitkoff said several underwear - clad students decided to climb onto the fountain during last Thursday 's event , resulting in damage to the fountain 's upper bowl .
Sitkoff said the cost of fixing and cleaning the 1937 fountain will cost $ 8,100 , but additional costs are possible if the upper bowl has to be completely replaced .
The university has agreed to pay for any repairs to the fountain , but Orange Mayor Carolyn Cavecche said she is still concerned about the city property damage and the possible use of police to contain the non-sanctioned run .
" Those are my major concerns , and that 's putting aside having college students take their clothes off and party in the city 's plaza , " Cavecche told the Register .
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- Sen. Hillary Clinton , New York Federal Reserve President Tim Geithner and former Energy Secretary Bill Richardson have all accepted posts in President - elect Barack Obama 's cabinet , according to media reports .
Clinton accepted the position of secretary of state , the New York Times reported .
Richardson is in line to become Commerce secretary and Geithner was picked to be Treasury secretary , NBC News reported .
It did n’t have to be that way .
As governor of Texas , Bush hewed to a centrist course , working , as he often boasted , with the Democratic­ - led State Legislature .
As a candidate for the presidency , he promised more of the same .
But as president , he struck out on a more radical and polarizing course , one that Barton Gellman , in his engrossing and informative “ Angler , ” suggests he would not have followed absent Cheney .
( Angler is Cheney ’s Secret Service code name . )
Gellman , a reporter at The Washington Post , has interviewed numerous associates and antagonists of the vice president , offering the most penetrating portrait of him yet .
The result is that Cheney does n’t seem as bad as you might think .
He ’s even worse .
Image Credit ... Vincent Laforet / The New York Times
As Gellman shows , Cheney ’s intriguing began as soon as Bush entrusted him with the vice - ­presidential vetting proc­ess .
He treated the candidates , ranging from Gov. Frank Keating of Oklahoma to Gov. Tom Ridge of Pennsylvania , almost as if they were terrorist suspects , demanding personal information about their extended families that no previous campaign had ever requested , including whether they were “ vulnerable to blackmail . ”
According to Gellman , David Addington , Cheney ’s longtime hatchet man , “ oversaw the disassembly of candidates , cataloging their blemishes and mounting them for inspection . ”
Once Bush chose Cheney — after failing to interview any other candidate or to consult his staff — his running mate did n’t even bother to answer his own questionnaire , let alone supply medical or financial records .
The pattern of Bush and Cheney operating together in secret was set .
Next came staffing the administration itself .
Once again , Bush gave Cheney a free hand .
And once again , it was Cheney and Addington who went to work creating a network of loyalists even before the Florida recount had been adjudicated .
Cheney had a keen sense of the importance of titles and positions : Libby , for instance , got three titles — the vice president ’s chief of staff and national security adviser , and assistant to the president .
This , Gellman notes , meant that “ no one save Cheney and Bush themselves were his superiors . ”
Appointees who proved ideologically unreliable , like Treasury Secretary Paul O’Neill , were quickly and ruthlessly eliminated by Cheney .
This might be seen as nothing more than rough - and - tumble bureaucratic politics .
But when it came to national security , Cheney , as Gellman reminds us , established what amounted to a parallel government .
Together with Defense Secretary Rumsfeld , his old boss from the Nixon administration , Cheney ran rings around the bureaucracy , which he viewed as an entrenched enemy filled with traitorous liberals .
One Cheney ally explains to Gellman that the State Department is “ basically an Al Qaeda cell . ”
Richard Haass , then the director of policy planning at the State Department , was generally viewed as an enemy agent : Cheney ’s office was requesting secret National Security Agency transcripts of Haass ’s conversations abroad .
“ In the first term , ” Gellman writes , “ most White House staff members were unaware that many of their e-mails were blind - copied to Cheney ’s staff . ”
The snooping habits of these aides prompted their “ nervous counterparts ” at other agencies to call them the Watchers .
Gellman might have emphasized more fully that Cheney and Rumsfeld were essentially reprising their role during the Ford years , when this duo sought to rub out moderates like Vice President Nelson Rockefeller , whom Gerald Ford dumped in 1976 , and move the administration to the right .
While Rumsfeld ’s Pentagon created spider - web charts showing links between Al Qaeda and Saddam Hussein , Cheney worked over skeptical Republicans like the House majority leader , Dick Armey , informing him , in Gellman ’s words , that “ Saddam could put drone aircraft on a freighter , steam them across the Atlantic and use the route - planning software to dispatch lethal microbes anywhere from Miami to Boston . ”
Despite the humiliated faces of these two dogs dressed as a Nintendo Wii and a Wiimote , this photo has had two effects in me .
One , it made me chuckle .
Two , it made me scramble all over the house looking for cardboard , white paint , black and blue markers , a dog mask , and fur coat ( trust me , all these elements are somewhere in my closets ) .
Sadly , I could n't find them on time , so I 'm going to have to wear again my rubber chicken outfit , which keeps sticking on all the wrong places .
Advertisement
[ Thanks Andrew for the photos ]
The government is eroding the protection afforded to people in their own homes – was n't that an emblem of British civilisation ?
There will come a day when everyone understands that the Justice Minister Jack Straw ranks as one of the bigger menaces to our free society .
Whatever issue you care to consider – the macro or the micro – Jack Straw is chipping away at freedom , accountability and openness .
He really should be hauled before a commission of good democrats , exposed and made to account for his sins with community service order and a Day - Glo jacket .
Today we will look at a micro issue – the disgraceful behaviour of his department over the Courts and Tribunal Enforcement Act , the law which ends 400 years of the tradition that an Englishman 's home is his castle and allows bailiffs to march into that home and seize what goods they like in settlement of a fine ( think ID card fines ; think of the pressure people are going to experience in this recession ) .
It is not misty - eyed to say that the protection afforded to people in their own homes was truly an emblem of British civilisation .
The judge who defined the law , in 1605 , said :
" That the house of every one is to him his castle and fortress , as well as for the defence against injury and violence as for his repose . "
Our government is no respecter of history or of tradition , and it cares little about setting a lot of thugs on people who are frail or cannot protect themselves , like Andy Miller , the pub landlord driven to a cashpoint machine in order to settle a fine , who collapsed and died .
It is clear that householders are going to be offered violence in their own homes owing to this law , but the trouble is that no one has been able to discover under what circumstances bailiffs will be able to push people aside while seizing a TV or computer or the wedding picture in a silver frame .
The Rev Paul Nicolson , who from the start steadily opposed these measures for the Zacchaeus 2000 Trust , has been trying to find out how much force will be used , and when .
Unlike most government ministers , Nicolson understands what life is like today for the vulnerable and poor – the people who were once championed by Labour – and he has a good sense of the injustice and hardship that will result from these new laws .
He 's been very persistent : in 2007 he was sent the draft guidance for bailiffs and magistrates with 30 pages blacked out in answer to his question , " What are the circumstances and who decides on a last resort when a bailiff can break in to enforce a fine ? "
That 's 30 pages of information vital to the public interest kept secret by the Department of Justice for reasons that it refused to provide .
Who the hell do they think are ?
By what right do they order this profound change in society and yet keep it from the public ?
How dare they ?
In an email to me , the persistent Nicolson reports "
" Force against the person is proposed in Tribunals Courts and Enforcement Act 2007 .
A power to use force does not include power to use force against persons , except to the extent that regulations provide that it does .
Those regulations are now being written .
The Zacchaeus 2000
Trust is campaigning to ensure they never see the light of day . "
He made a formal complaint to the information commissioner and eventually received a copy of the regulations with a mere 15 pages blacked out .
Why the continued secrecy ?
The Ministry of Justice answers that it is concerned for the health and safety of bailiffs .
You just could not make it up .
Brad Friedman Byon 1/26/2009 , 2:11 pm PT
Looks like it 'll be back to Wingnut Welfare and Fox " News " ( same thing ) for the constantly - wrong " mainstream " propagandist Bill Kristol , whose column in the New York Times today , ends with a singular ed note : " This is William Kristol ’s last column . "
Well , what took ya so long NYTimes ?!
Kristol 's laughable presence ends just over a year after it ignominiously began , and not a moment too soon .
As coincidence would have it , I had 90 % of a column written on Kristol 's penultimate column last week ( when we did n't know it was his penultimate ) , which I eventually abandoned , for no particularly good reason , after getting distracted by some other story at the time .
So , for history 's sake --- and a farewell gift --- my previously unpublished smack - down of the Times ' now - formerly embarrassing nattering nabob follows ...
Perhaps it 's always been like this .
Perhaps the misapprehension has been mine that op - ed writers offered opinion and editorial , as opposed to out - and - out propaganda .
But just in case I 'm right , and op - eds ought to represent independent , if often strongly opinionated position which may be more aligned with one party or political ideology than another , I 'll just have to ask again : why the hell is disgraced Bush - administration mouthpiece , hack , apologist , Bill Kristol still allowed a weekly slot to sully the already - far - too - sullied pages of " the paper of record " ?...
Kristol 's Monday column in the New York Times is little more than a last gasp attempt to underscore the false trajectory of the hoped - for historical rewrite of the Bush Legacy Tour that we 've seen played out over the last several weeks .
It 's full of stuff and nonsense which , as if it 's said often enough , might be referenced as " true " someday by a latter day " Ann Coulter " hoping to revive the failed ideas of an historically --- and tragically --- failed administration .
It 's not working now , and we can only hope future generations are smart enough to not fall for it then .
But cretins happen everywhere .
Kristol is proof of that .
Opinion is one thing , out - and - out lies are another .
And Kristol 's words " of record " , are propaganda , wrapped in lies , wrapped in the former respectability of a newspaper of now - dubious repute growing dubious - er by each and every day in which Kristol is allowed to abuse it as his own personal fish - wrapper .
So , in hopes of balancing history , in case someone makes the mistake of referring to Kristol or his Monday column as if it represented reality , let 's dissect just a few of the attempts , from his column this week , to extend Bush / Cheney 's Wonderland World for a few more hours , in his hopes that history , and Google , wo n't otherwise notice .
Kristol writes that Bush " has made mistakes as president , and has limitations as a leader .
But he has exercised his just and rightful authority in a way - I believe - that deserves recognition and respect . "
For a start , his " authority " may have been " just " , in that the Justices of the Supreme Court awarded it to him , despite having received fewer votes in Florida [ PDF ] and in the rest of the nation than his opponent , Al Gore , in the 2000 election .
But it was never " rightful " in any way , shape , or form , unless you 're in favor of Saddam Hussein - like " democracy " where the most thuggish candidate can " win " , despite the will of the citizens meant to be represented by such an election .
Further , Bush is owed no " recognition " nor " respect " for succeeding only in disrespecting both the Rule of Law and the U.S. Constitution at any turn he saw fit , even admitting as much whenever he could no longer avoid it , or thought such base lawlessness might be used to crass political advantage .
Speaking about his Rabbi's prayer for Israel at his synagogue last Saturday , Kristol observed that he " could n’t help but reflect that a distressingly small number of my fellow Jews seem to have given much thought at all to the fact that President Bush is one of the greatest friends the state of Israel — and , yes , the Jewish people — have had in quite a while . "
" Bush stood with Israel when he had no political incentive to do so and received no political benefit from doing so , " Kristol wrote with a presumably straight face .
" He was criticized by much of the world .
He did it because he thought it the right thing to do . "
What courage it must take for any American President to " [ stand ] with Israel " , as if there has ever been a single one of them , during the 60 years of Israel 's existence , who has parted ways --- in even the slightest --- with the whims , no matter how reckless and ultimately - self defeating , of the United States ' protectorate in the Middle East .
As to having " had no political incentives " for whatever support he imagines he gave to Israel , how about the incentive of not being run out of office in 2004 had he not done so , and the loss of the tiny percentage of support by Americans that he'd managed to hang on to as his endless second term dwindled to national shame and shared international nightmare .
While the strategic significance of a friendly Israel in the Middle East is obvious --- even to those who have , sadly , come to despise Israel given that nation 's continuing unfettered recklessness , aggression and devastation on the watch of an American President whose delusions of " good and evil " and " right and wrong " have replaced the distinctions of both good and evil and actual right and wrong ---
Bush 's enabling of continued failed policies in the region , ultimately , have done no favors for the Israeli people , or , yes , the Jewish people .
Before I got distracted , and failed to complete the piece , I had also planned to dissect this laughable suggestion from the same column : " Many of Bush ’s defenders have praised him for keeping the country safe since Sept. 11 , 2001 .
He deserves that praise . "
Instead , I ended up responding to that wholly bogus notion , made by so many of Bush 's neocon - men upon his leaving ( and , sadly , casually concurred with by too many non-wingnuts ) in a separate piece I filed here last week .
As well , I had planned to speak to this : " But I do n’t think keeping us safe has been Bush ’s most impressive achievement .
That was winning the war in Iraq . "
But will wait to deconstruct that nonsense at a later date .
===
For more on the end of Kristol 's reign , see Editor & Publisher 's Greg Mitchell who writes that his column " often made The Times read like The Onion . "
By the way , the excellent media critic Mitchell , author of the must - read So Wrong for So Long : How the Press , the Pundits -- and the President -- Failed on Iraq has just released his newest book , promising a progressive 's look at the 2008 campaign : Why Obama Won : The Making of a President 2008 .
Despite last weeks sad announcement that Adobe would no longer be developing it , Fireworks will remain a firm favorite amongst web designers for many , many years to come .
I am convinced of it .
Yes , there wo n’t be any more updates , and as time slowly passes users may dwindle , but the large Fireworks community is dedicated and will not go away any time soon .
Resources will continue to be abundant , new tutorials will still be published , extensions will still be created …
Fireworks is far too good a tool to simply disappear .
Anyway , lets get back to the topic at hand …
Almost five years ago we published one of our most popular posts called 75 Powerful Adobe Fireworks Extensions , and after having a quick read of it recently , I realized that many of those extensions are still relevant today .
This kind of got me thinking , what new extensions have been released recently ?
After an extensive search I did discover quite a few , and those few are pretty impressive .
Here they are :
Export Responsive Prototype is a handy extension that allows you to simulate responsive design when you have designs for each media query breakpoint on separate Fireworks pages .
To show which sections of the design " respond " , you simply slice the document , making sure that clear rows are defined .
This command makes it easy to create modular grids similar to most CSS frameworks .
All you have to do is select the number of columns you need , their widths , gutters … then click OK .
Create Demo –
An alternative to the “ Demo Current Document ” command
Create Demo is an extension that gives you an alternative to the “ Demo Current Document ” command by offering lots of extras features .
It will export each of the pages of your Fireworks document to the folder of your choice , allowing you to then present your ideas quickly and professionally .
For further information on this extension you should check out this article on Smashing Magazine .
ImageSnippet is a really useful extension that will generate code from a selected slice .
This extension comes with a wide range of commands for exporting Fireworks designs into other formats .
Here are the commands it comes packaged with :
Export Pages and States
Export Slices As Sprites
Export Styles As CSS
Export SVG
This is a really simple , yet really useful , extension that adds a command for centered web safe guides and bounding boxes ( 1024×768 and 800×600 canvas sizes ) , and a command for adding slices based on all of the guides you have in your document .
The Tables panel extension allows you to quickly mockup HTML - style tables without having to manually position each cell or border .
The panel will automatically reposition the table as you add content / data .
The CSS Properties panel allows you to copy an element 's attributes as CSS3 , but does not output the cleanest nor most professional code .
CSS Professionalzr will do that for you .
From a 16x16 px document , the Export as Favicon command will , obviously , create a favicon file for you .
If you need to create a favicon that also contains a 32 px version of the icon , the document must have a second page with a size of 32px by 32 px .
( Larger sizes are supported , but adding these creates a favicon file that 's unnecessarily large for a webpage icon ) .
When in the early stages of your mockup , it 's often useful to draw image placeholders instead of including actual photos , icons , ads , etc. in the layout .
The Placeholder auto - shape makes this very easy .
This extension makes it possible to use vector images in SVG format in your Fireworks documents , by parsing the XML and recreating the vectors using Fireworks elements .
This extension makes it easy for you to arrange rows / columns of elements by adjusting the spacing between them .
When you select some elements , the Spacer Panel works out if they 're mostly horizontal or mostly vertical .
It will then display the horizontal or vertical space between each element in a series of text fields , which you can easily edit to adjust the spacing .
This extension comes with an assortment of useful commands to help you when working with text .
Here are some of the commands :
Convert a selected text box or text selection to lowercase , uppercase , sentence case or title case
Add a lorem ipsum text box or convert selected text to lorem ipsum
Paste the text attributes of text copied to the clipboard onto selected text
Split text boxes into multiple text boxes based on character style changes
Replace all text in a selected text box with specified text
Converts text box names to their proper auto- name
The Glyphs panel enumerates various sets of characters for any installed font allowing you to insert characters into a new or selected text objects , and more .
The Glyphs panel is designed to be a more robust replacement for the shipped Special Characters panel , and emulates functionality closer to Illustrator or InDesign .
The Lorem Ipsum auto - shape makes inserting any amount of dummy text into your document very easy .
Of course , there are plenty of other ‘ Lorem Ipsum ’ extensions available for Fireworks , but what makes this one different is that it is an auto - shape .
So , when it is re-sized ( in any direction ) it will automatically adds words for you .
Likewise , if fewer words are needed , it will remove them .
Orange Commands is a huge ( lost count after a 100 ) selection of commands for Fireworks that will help make your life a web designer much , much easier .
I am not going to list all of the commands here , but I will tell you that there are multiple commands for aligning , exporting … commands for canvas , color , effects … commands for grids , guides , layers … and on and on .
Whatever you need , you will find it here .
Orange Commands is free and open source .
WHO Model Lists of Essential Medicines
The WHO Model Lists of Essential Medicines has been updated every two years since 1977 .
The current versions are the 21st WHO Essential Medicines List ( EML ) and the 7th WHO Essential Medicines List for Children ( EMLc ) updated in June 2019 .
The 2019 Expert Committee on the Selection and Use of Essential Medicines
CURRENT LISTS
RELATED LINKS
PREVIOUS LISTS
ADULTS -- 20th edition ( March 2017 , amended August 2017 ) WHO Model List of Essential Medicines , 20th List ( April 2017 )
While Burger King execs might have thought they were being pretty funny by offering Facebook users free hamburgers if they each deleted 10 online friends , Facebook was n't getting the joke .
A Burger King spokesperson Thursday told Computerworld that Facebook took exception to the Whopper Sacrifice campaign and after days of negotiations , the fast food chain halted it .
On the Whopper Sacrifice site , Burger King now says simply : " Facebook has disabled the Whopper Sacrifice after your love for the Whopper sandwich proved to be stronger than 233,906 friendships . "
" Basically , the Facebook team felt the application went against what they stand for — connecting people , " said the spokesperson .
" Facebook suggested changes to the application , such as not alerting people that they 'd been sacrificed .
They wanted that part disabled . "
The spokesperson said Burger King decided to kill the campaign rather than make Facebook 's requested .
She called the matter a " philosophical difference . "
Since Burger King launched the application last week , about 60,000 people used it to delete the online friends , she added .
Burger King , which last year released the BK Polarizer widget that gauged people 's political views , was trying to ride Facebook 's popularity wave to connect with its primary customers — 18 - to - 34 - year - olds who chow down on fast food burgers .
What better way to play with the notion of what really is an online friend than to judge their worth compared to ... a hamburger ?
And Burger King showed no mercy , though some good humor , by having the application send a message to the deleted friend to tell him that this person valued a Whopper more than their friendship .
The app also acted as a counter , reminding the user how many more friends need to be evicted before they get that free Whopper .
On the Whopper Sacrifice site Thursday , Burger King was offering people the use of what they call an Angry - Gram , which sends people animated angry , screaming Whoppers .
The site notes that Angry - Grams " are intended to be humorous and should not be used with an intent to harass . "
This story , " Facebook has Whopper of a problem with Burger King campaign " was originally published by Computerworld .
Bargain bath !
Three KFC workers fired for bathing in bikinis in restaurant sink and putting photos on the internet
Three KFC workers have been sacked for using the restaurant dishwasher as a hot tub .
The girls , from Anderson , California , stripped down to bikinis to relax after a long shift at the fast food chain .
They then took provocative photos of themselves , which one of the girls decided to post on her MySpace page .
A hot dip :
Two of the KFC girls smile at the camera while bathing in the kitchen sink at the California restaurant
Captions posted with the photos included ' haha KFC showers ! ' and ' haha we turned on the jets ' .
The manager called Cheri , who refused to give her full name , said : ' The girls are being reprimanded for it . '
She said she learned of the photos , which had been posted publicly on the girl 's MySpace.com social Web site , during the dinner rush .
Bargain bath :
The three scantily clad KFC workers in the makeshift bath - one of them posted the pictures on MySpace
Cheri did not give the names of the girls .
The photos , which appeared to have been posted late last month , showed the girls bathing in the deep commercial sink and posing in their underwear and swimwear .
' I was in shock when I saw it , ' Cheri said .
Kentucky Fried bathing :
The girls were sacked for taking the bath
She said no manager was on duty when the photos were likely to have been taken and the three girls closed the restaurant themselves .
In her more than a year at the store , Cheri said she had n't had any incidents similar to this .
The photos had been filed under a gallery called ' KFC moments . '
Chicken tonight ?
The instructions for using the KFC sink are seen behind one of the girls in this photo
On her MySpace page , the girl lists herself as a 17 - year - old worker at the Anderson KFC .
' I 'm a KFC worker , they are my best friends and my family , ' she said on her site .
Although the pictures were available to the public , all of the photos on the girl 's site have now been restricted to private viewers .
The incident comes four months after a Burger King employee in Ohio was sacked for taking a bubble bath in a kitchen sink .
Bath break :
One of the girls sticks her leg out of the sink which is full of bubbles as she takes a bath
Dutch magic mushroom ban goes into effect
It 's the end of an era folks .
A Dutch law banning the possession and sale of magic mushrooms ( hallucinogenic drugs ) has come into force .
The Dutch parliament called for the ban after a 17 - year - old French girl who had allegedly taken magic mushrooms jumped off a building and died last year .
Until now there had been no restriction on the sale of the drug , which , being a natural product , was only subject to the same regulations as fruit and vegetables .
...
Opponents say that the law was introduced without due care , and that it will fail to make any difference .
Sellers of the hallucinogenic mushrooms claim it has never been proven that the fungi were to blame for the fatal incident with the French girl .
Figures from the Amsterdam health service show that over a two - year period , only 70 out of 200,000 mushroom - munching tourists needed medical help .
» more at : www.radionetherlands.nl
Posted By jamesk at 2008 - 12-01 11:44:14 permalink | comments »
More ways to bookmark this page
Comments ( 7 )
The sickest place in Britain : Meet the residents of the country 's benefits capital
Out of the 4,500 residents of Falinge , Rochdale , only 300 work - despite hundreds of jobs being available .
The majority are ' on the sick ' .
Welcome to the country 's benefits capital .
Such is the vastness of Celestine Sejemani ’s flat - screen television that , at the push of a button , he could have summoned a supersized James Purnell into the front - room of his council flat .
As it is , one of his four children has commandeered the remote control , and certainly is n’t offering to swap Balamory for the news .
In any case , neither Celestine nor his partner , Pierette , would have enjoyed the flavour of the Work and Pension Secretary ’s words as he outlined a shake - up of the benefits system earlier this month .
‘ Work is good for people , ’ announced Mr Purnell .
‘ Leaving people on benefits is the cruel thing to do . ’
New life on benefits : Celestine and Pierette Sejemani with their children
If that ’s the case , this family must be suffering .
Celestine , a Congolese - born immigrant who has problems with his eyesight , is one of 2.6 million people claiming Incapacity Benefit in the UK .
His long - term girlfriend is paid an additional allowance to help look after him , and then there are tax credits and child benefits on top of that .
Their paid - for council accommodation aside , it means that the taxpayer is funding this one family to the tune of more than £ 12,000 a year .
One million people who could work still claim the benefit
Of course , no one is suggesting that sum on its own is outlandish .
But it is the cumulative effect on the British taxpayer that is causing concern , particularly in the immediate environs of Mr Sejemani ’s home .
The ward of Falinge in Rochdale , Greater Manchester , has some 4,500 residents , of whom roughly 1,100 are of working age .
But only 300 have jobs .
The remaining three - quarters do not work and are supported by benefits — the majority being ‘ on the sick ’ , claiming Incapacity Benefit .
The benefit was intended for people with a disability that prevents them from working .
But even the Government admits that across the country it is claimed by about a million people who are perfectly capable of holding down a job .
In the Seventies only 700,000 claimed it , but since the mid-Nineties about 2.6 million have done so , costing the country around £ 16 billion a year .
Conditions that qualify for payment include alcoholism , stress and obesity .
Picking up benefits is a normal way of life
But what no one mentions is that in Falinge — the sick - note capital of Britain , where there are hundreds of unfilled jobs at the local Jobcentre — picking up benefits rather than working is a normal way of life .
While many blame the extraordinary situation there on the continued hangover from the closure of the mills and the collapse of manufacturing , others think there is a more simple reason to explain the figures .
‘ Obviously some people are genuine , but there is a huge number who are n’t , ’ says 79 - year - old resident Alf Edwards .
‘ They complain that there are no jobs or claim they suffer some difficult - to - diagnose illness , such as severe back pain .
Once they get a doctor ’s sick note it ’s a gilt - edged passport to a life of lazing around — people just do n’t have pride or self - respect any more . ’
A dumping ground for problem sections of society
For an objective insight into the workings of Falinge , there are few better placed than Hilary Devey .
Last year she took part in the TV series Secret Millionaire .
The idea was that she and other self - made tycoons would spend a week or so living in one of a number of poverty - stricken communities .
While there , they remained incognito so their wealth was not known and they could interact as equals with residents .
At the end of the period , the millionaires would reveal their identity and hand out thousands of pounds to those groups or individuals who they believed to be most deserving .
Hilary , who earned her £ 100 million fortune running her own transport and logistics company in the Midlands , found herself living in a flat in Falinge .
And having had that experience she says she is not surprised that the numbers out of work are as high as they are .
Council towers in Manchester
For a start , she claims the local council has used the ward as a dumping ground for problem sections of society .
‘ Aesthetically , the blocks of flats look like part of a prison , ’ she says .
‘ Into them , Rochdale council has placed anyone who could be considered a no - hoper : drug- addicts , illegal immigrants and the rest .
Consequently , the numbers of those out of work are going to be higher than elsewhere . ’
In the Victorian era , Falinge was a hub of the textile industry , while in more recent times employment came from the Turner Bros asbestos factory , which employed 3,500 people in the area alone .
The ward has been dealt a difficult hand
But in the downturn of the late Eighties , factories began to close and jobs went , opening the door to welfare subsistence and social deprivation .
In recent years , there has been a massive influx of immigrants .
While more than 30 per cent of families in Falinge are Pakistani , the community also houses asylum - seekers .
There is no doubt , in other words , that the ward has been dealt a difficult hand .
But Hilary , who grew up in nearby Bolton , says its residents do little to help themselves .
‘ I went into a pub when I arrived , supposedly to inquire about a job , ’ she says .
‘ There were five or six men who had clearly been drinking all day , and who subjected me to a diatribe of abuse .
I remember thinking : “ Where on earth did they get their money from to be able to do that ? ” ’
( Local publican Alan Whittle supplies the answer : ‘ People come in on the day they get their benefit money and then you do n’t see them again until the next load of money arrives .
On giro day we ’re buzzing . ’)
' At 9 am curtains are still closed .
No one is going to work '
Hilary also was struck by the fact that when she got up in the morning at 7 am , there was never anyone else out and about on the streets .
‘ Even by 9 am when the film crew joined me , the curtains would still be closed — the place just was n’t functioning like normal communities do .
No one was going to work . ’
With so few adults working , the youngsters growing up on the estate have no role models .
Instead , they believe it is normal to play the benefits system .
‘ Children ape their parents , and if they stay in bed all day , smoking , watching TV or boozing in the pub they will think that is normal , ’ she said .
‘ There is no aspiration .
I spoke to a number of young girls who were talking about getting pregnant so that they could get a council house .
It is a vicious circle . ’
This apathy was also evident in the desperate lack of support given to various community groups that were trying to improve the lot of the residents .
‘ They were crying out for volunteers , ’ says Hilary , who has since ploughed tens of thousands of pounds of her own money into supporting these projects .
‘ I could n’t understand why all these people who were n’t working did n’t go and help ?
By volunteering , not only would they have got themselves out of their homes but they would also have learned some job skills and interpersonal skills that might help them find employment in the future . ’
Statistics reflect the sad reality of life
And there are jobs out there .
A visit to the nearby Jobcentre earlier this week revealed almost 700 vacancies on offer locally , ranging from £ 30,000 - a- year managerial posts to £ 5.73 - an - hour cleaning jobs .
But — of course — as the statistics demonstrate , the vast majority of those who do not work in Falinge are ‘ on the sick ’ .
In other words , however many jobs there are will make no difference .
While the GPs in the area declined to talk about the high numbers of Incapacity Benefit claimants , Dr Nick Dawes , the medical director of the local Primary Care Trust , claimed the statistics simply reflected the harsh realities of the situation on the ground .
The average life expectancy in Falinge is 68 years , the sixth lowest in Britain .
‘ I do n’t know any GP who hands out sick notes freely , ’ said Dr Dawes .
‘ In Falinge there is a lot of substance abuse in terms of drugs and alcohol , a lot of mental health problems due to social deprivation , as well as high levels of smoking and obesity .
It is wrong to label people scroungers or benefits cheats . ’
He added that there are large numbers of asylum - seekers who had been housed in the area which might also affect the statistics .
' I would love to go to work '
One such individual is 37 - year - old Mr Sejemani , who said he had fled war - torn Republic of Congo in 2001 after his father and sister were murdered for their ethnic origins .
He claims to have been placed in a Congolese jail for a year , his eyesight suffering because of the lack of light in his cell during his incarceration .
After his release , he fled to Britain in May 2001 and claimed asylum after arriving at Heathrow .
After two weeks in a hostel , he was offered accommodation in a choice of
places , one of which was Falinge .
He settled on the unemployment blackspot after hearing that 80 other asylum - seekers from the Congo were living in the area .
After two years there he was granted asylum .
He immediately sent for his partner , Pierette , 36 , and their daughter Benadiete , now 11 , to join him .
In the seven years he has been here Mr Sejemani , a trained mechanic , has never worked .
‘ I wanted to , ’ he says .
‘ But unfortunately I have vision impairment as a result of being in the prison with no light .
‘ I am very sad that I have a problem with my eyes .
I would love to go to work , but my vision is a big problem . ’
His partner says she , too , wants to work , but that after arriving in the UK she soon fell pregnant , her youngest three children being born on British soil in rapid succession :
Grace , four , Faith , two , and seven - month - old Jevhovanis , who arrived 11 weeks premature .
‘ I would like to work two hours a day , and will try to do this when the baby is a year old , ’ she says .
No doubt her words will delight Minister Mr Purnell , who has expressed his desire to see mothers and unemployed couples move back into employment .
But whether it will make financial sense to the Sejemanis — and whether it will ever happen — is another matter entirely .
The couple receive £ 125 a week in Incapacity benefit and carer ’s allowances .
On top of that are tax credits and child benefit worth £ 108 a week .
The family live in a neatly decorated three - bedroom flat , which is dominated by the massive Philips colour TV , which is being paid for at the rate of £ 20 - a - week over three
years .
‘ I could n’t see a small one , ’ explains Mr Sejemani .
Concern the system is being abused
Back to Dr Nick Dawes , who says the fact that this country is willing to provide such a level of support to the needy is a good thing and a sign of a ‘ humanitarian and altruistic society ’ .
‘ Accidents and illnesses do happen , ’ he says .
‘ Who knows what is around the corner for any of us ? ’
These are fine sentiments , but how long they will persist in the middle of a recession and amid concerns that the system in places such as Falinge is being abused is very much open to debate .
Mr Sejemani , it seems , may well require support for the rest of his life — already he is pinning his hopes for the future on his children , rather than himself .
‘ My daughter wants to be a doctor , ’ he says .
‘ And my sons love football — I would like them to play for Arsenal one day . ’
The latest beta version of Mozilla 's Firefox browser brings built - in support for the multitouch trackpads on modern Mac notebooks .
Back in October , Mozilla 's Eddie Lee produced an experimental version of Firefox that allowed Mac users to control the browser with multifingered gestures ( no , not that kind ) .
In v3.2 Beta 2 , those gestures have been made official .
I gave it a try , and the gestures are even better than those in Apple 's own browser , Safari .
Here 's the list of what you can do , provided by MacRumors .
" Swipe " means a three fingered sweep :
Swipe Left :
Go back in history ( hold Command to open it in a tab )
Swipe Right :
Go forward in history
Swipe Up : Go to the top of the page
Swipe Down :
Go to the end of the page
Pinch Together : Zoom out
Pinch Apart : Zoom in
Twist Right : Next tab
Twist Left : Previous tab
On my old ( multibody ? )
MacBook
Pro , the gestures are all supported .
The " pinch - to - zoom " differs from Safari's in that it will keep zooming as you move your fingers — in Safari , each pinch motion only gives one level of zoom meaning you need to repeat the gesture to zoom more than one level .
The twist - to - switch - tabs gesture works a lot better than you 'd think , including wrap - around so that once you get to the last tab , another clockwise tweak brings you to the first tab .
All in all , this is a very useful enhancement .
It means that you can control almost every aspect of browsing with just one hand .
Combined with the new " Private Browsing " mode , this makes Firefox the go - to browser for XXX browsing .
Product page [ Mozilla via MacRumors ]
Original photo : Armangi / Flickr
See Also :
每到了歲末年終，各界都興起了檢討與回顧的聲音，對於過去的這一年，依據一個看似「客觀」的標準評定出了什麼是最好的，什麼是最壞的，而兩種極端似乎還不夠娛樂性，因此又創造出了「最XXXX」的一些指標，追根究底，其目的到底是重於檢討過去展望未來呢？還是製造一些趣味性與吸引度，吸引大眾的目光呢？
或許這些都導因於這個所謂 「完全競爭」的社會，只有透過「比較」找出相對的優劣才能證明什麼應該受到推崇，而什麼應該受到唾棄與鄙視，因為身處社會大染缸中，人們更像是瞎子摸象，這些指標就如同GPS一樣，指引著人們的方向，同時協助人們做出「適當」的選擇...
這些可以「量化」的指標，也是讓這個社會的競爭更為激烈的推手幫兇，人們有了一個可以努力的指標，就容易出現非全面性的發展，比如說：學生只重某些學科，因而忽略了一些生活必備的常識，即使書讀的好，也無法適應社會的競爭；企業為了提升獲利，因而忽略了產品原物料的把關，衍生了許多的黑心產品，結果大好前程毀於一旦；經營一個網站，因為知道某些指標可以快速提升其網站排名，因而開始作弊，甚至連吃個水果都要看哪種水果的維生素C最多...
這些例子或許看似極端，然而卻經常的出現在我們的生活週遭，同時還不僅僅是只出現在歲末年終之時，我們可以看到一年當中有多少的排行榜或者各行各業的頒獎典禮被舉辦，而頒獎典禮也越來越有規模，而應邀參加之人一定都會走過紅地毯，並且接受採訪並被眾人景仰著，她們的一言一行也成為時下茶餘飯後的流行語或者模仿對象，而也造成了更多前仆既往的風潮...
這些所謂的年終檢討、歲末盤點，總是讓我覺得矯情做作，尤其是看著一個又一個的頒獎典禮上，接受頒獎的人所發表的感言，經常讓人啼笑皆非，而這些看似「公平、公正、公開」的評比有多少黑箱作業，裁判的專業度與評判標準是否合格，或者是多少主辦單位有心運作、置入性的引導，或者是所謂的「禮讓性」，比如說：一直都是某某人或某某企業拿獎缺乏可看性與期待性之類的，難道贏者不該當仁不讓嗎？
這些說的都是總體面的，而在於個體面也並沒有好到哪裡去？一個有自知之明的個人，或者一家有為的企業，更為重要的應該是「及時檢討」吧，不要說年度，甚至是季度、月度、或者是周檢討，其時效性、實質改善性都值得商榷...
似乎這些所謂的年終檢討，往往是「作秀」，因為不是做給自己看的，公司必須面對董事會以及股東投資人，學校需要面對社會的觀點以及未來招生的壓力，明星需要更多的曝光機會以及獲獎後知名度與身價的提升，媒體需要更多的觀眾，而每個個人呢？都是這場一年一度遊戲的參予者，不管是配合演戲或者是投以好奇的眼光...
或許當我寫下這些文字的同時，也是矯情做作的，面對這種最不習慣的時刻，打從心理不自然了起來...
The following two tabs change content below .
From Twain ’s “ Roughing It ”
The book seems to be merely a prosy detail of imaginary history , with the Old Testament for a model ; followed by a tedious plagiarism of the New Testament .
The author labored to give his words and phrases the quaint , old - fashioned sound and structure of our King James ’s translation of the Scriptures ; and the result is a mongrel — half modern glibness , and half ancient simplicity and gravity .
The latter is awkward and constrained ; the former natural , but grotesque by the contrast .
Whenever he found his speech growing too modern — which was about every sentence or two — he ladled in a few such Scriptural phrases as “ exceeding sore , ” “ and it came to pass , ” etc. , and made things satisfactory again .
“ And it came to pass ” was his pet .
If he had left that out , his Bible would have been only a pamphlet .
This morning , I heard the Conservative radio ads trying to discredit the proposed Liberal - NDP coalition government .
It was the usual negative stuff from the Conservatives : the voice of Stephane Dion with his heavy French accent and the implication that he went back on a promise not to form a coalition with the NDP .
I was left with the uncomfortable feeling that the Conservatives are again pandering to western private - radio talk - show listeners ' prejudices by playing up Dion ’s accent at every opportunity .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper , by hammering away at the deal with the “ separatists ” , is sending a not - so - subtle message in the House of Commons that Quebec is taking over the country .
The message seems to be working .
Last night on one newscast , I saw an Alberta resident complain that Harper is being pushed out of office because he 's not a Quebecker .
I 'm guessing that this is a regular refrain on the Alberta call - in shows .
This week , Canwest reinforced anti-Quebec attitudes by suggesting on the front - page of the Province newspaper in Vancouver that Bloc Quebecois Leader Gilles Duceppe is a devil .
I suspect that these tactics will lead to a backlash within Quebec , where there is a high sensitivity to anything that smacks of racism against francophones .
Harper has tried to suggest that he ’s the voice of national unity , going so far as to claim that Dion did n't want the flag behind him while he sat beside the leader of the Bloc .
The Conservative spin doctors are framing this as a " Stand Up for Canada " kind of story .
But I fear Harper 's party ’s approach will have the opposite effect , creating greater divisions within the country .
Some commentators have suggested that the Liberals are playing with fire by making a deal with the Bloc and the NDP .
But what ’s equally likely is that the Conservatives are playing with fire by pandering to western prejudices against Quebec .
That could have troubling ramifications for the Conservatives ’ federal electoral prospects for years to come .
Alexey Alexandrov ( left ) , 35 , has been jailed for life for the double murder of a VIP banker and her friend as they ate pizza at a Russian beauty spot .
The top - secret missile plant worker was detained after a massive police search by police in which 4,500 people were questioned over the random shootings of Ksenia Soltanova ( top right ( and Natalia Kuznetsova ( bottom right ) in 2018 .
The married father - of - one said the random murders were to avenge his childhood bullying , and coldly admitted to detectives in a chilling video confession : ' My purpose was to kill . '
Get the Ponzi Crawl neck gaiter and mug .
The golden age of finance collapsed under its own contradictions .
Edward Carr ( interviewed here ) asks why it went wrong and what to do next
Illustration by S. Kambayashi
THE monument to Soviet central planning was supposed to have been a heap of surplus left boots without any right ones to match them .
The great bull market of the past quarter century is commemorated by millions of empty houses without anyone to buy them .
Gosplan drafted workers into grim factories even if their talents would have been better suited elsewhere .
Finance beguiled the bright and ambitious and put them to work in the trading rooms of Wall Street and the City of London .
Much of their effort was wasted .
You can only guess at what else they might have achieved .
When the financial system fails , everyone suffers .
Over the past 22 months the shock has spread from American housing , sector by sector , economy by economy .
Some markets have seized up ; others are being pounded by volatility .
Everywhere good businesses are going bankrupt and jobs are being destroyed .
For the first time since 1991 global average income per head is falling .
Even as growth in emerging markets has come to a halt , the rich economies look set to shrink .
Alan Greenspan , who as chairman of America 's Federal Reserve oversaw the boom , calls the collapse “ a once - in - a - half - century , probably once - in - a - century type of event ” .
Financial markets promised prosperity ; instead they have brought hardship .
Financial services are in ruins .
Perhaps half of all hedge funds will go out of business .
Without government aid , so would many banks .
Britain has suffered its first bank - run since Disraeli was prime minister in the 1870s .
America has stumbled from one rescue to the next .
The Wall Street grandees have been humbled .
Hundreds of thousands of people in financial services will lose their jobs ; many millions of their clients have lost their savings .
For a quarter of a century finance basked in a golden age .
Financial globalisation spread capital more widely , markets evolved , businesses were able to finance new ventures and ordinary people had unprecedented access to borrowing and foreign exchange .
Modern finance improved countless lives .
But more recently something went awry .
Through insurance and saving , financial services are supposed to offer shelter from life 's reverses .
Instead , financiers grew rich even as their industry put everyone 's prosperity in danger .
Financial services are supposed to bring together borrowers and savers .
But as lending markets have retreated , borrowers have been stranded without credit and savers have seen their pensions and investments melt away .
Financial markets are supposed to be a machine for amassing capital and determining who gets to use it and for what .
How could they have been so wrong ?
Finance is increasingly fragile .
Barry Eichengreen of the University of California at Berkeley and Michael Bordo of Rutgers University identify 139 financial crises between 1973 and 1997 ( of which 44 took place in high - income countries ) , compared with a total of only 38 between 1945 and 1971 .
Crises are twice as common as they were before 1914 , the authors conclude .
The paradox is that financial markets can function again only if this lesson is partly forgotten .
Financial transactions are a series of promises .
You hand your money to a bank , which promises to pay it back when you ask ; you invest in a company , which promises you a share of its future profits .
Money itself is just a collective agreement that a piece of paper can always be exchanged for goods or services .
Imagine , for a second , how finance began , with small loans within families and between trusted friends .
As the circle of lenders and borrowers grew , financial transactions were able to muster larger sums and to spread risk , even as promises became harder to enforce .
Paul Seabright , an economist at the University of Toulouse in France , observes that trust in a modern economy has evolved to the miraculous point where people give complete strangers sums of money they would not dream of entrusting to their next - door neighbours .
From that a further miracle follows , for trust is what raises the billions of dollars that fund modern industry .
Trust 's slow accumulation pushes financial markets forward ; its shattering betrayal batters them back .
Sometimes this is through bad faith , as when Bernie Madoff , a grand fund manager , allegedly made his investors $ 50 billion poorer , or mortgage - sellers tempted naive borrowers .
But promises made in good faith can be broken too .
Indeed , honest failure is even more corrosive of trust than outright criminality .
Everyone understands that now .
New order
The failure of finance will affect ideology , too .
Many people find capitalism 's central planner hard to put up with at the best of times .
Free markets shun seemingly worthy causes , whereas the frivolous or apparently undeserving are rewarded .
Look at the financial - services industry itself .
In America middle - class pay has stalled in recent years but financiers have figured prominently among the tiny number of people who have captured much of the extra income .
For as long as the world economy was growing fast , financial markets commanded grudging allegiance .
Yet the same financiers who preached the necessity of free markets on the way up have since depended on taxpayers to save their industry at a cost of trillions of dollars .
Financiers will find the arguments for free markets harder to make now that they have lost the benefit of the doubt .
Charles Kindleberger 's classic study , “ Manias , Panics and Crashes : A History of Financial Crises ” , updated by Robert Aliber in 2005 , suggests that financial instability feeds on itself .
Japanese savings fled their own bust and sloshed first into the Nordic countries and then into Asia , which suffered contagion in 1997 .
Some see today 's disaster as a result of that Asian crash .
Asian nations — especially China — have been determined to be part of global capital markets but not to run current - account deficits which would leave them vulnerable to sudden currency outflows .
So they have been happy to see their money go abroad .
In the phrase of Martin Wolf , an economic columnist at the Financial Times , they “ smoke but do not inhale ” .
In 2006 America 's current - account deficit peaked at 6 % of its GDP ( see chart 1 ) .
Between 2000 and 2008 the country received over $ 5.7 trillion from abroad to invest , equivalent to over 40 % of its 2007 GDP .
Over the same period Britain and Ireland absorbed around a fifth of their 2007 GDPs and Spain a vast 50 % .
The financial system had the job of recycling the money to borrowers .
Inevitably , credit became cheaper and savings declined .
In America savings fell from around 10 % of disposable income in the 1970s to 1 % after 2005 .
Not everyone agrees about the cause of this torrent of foreign capital .
Although some blame Asian saving , others point to Western extravagance .
But there is little doubt about the consequences .
All four of the debtor countries in the chart enjoyed housing booms .
Jeffry Frieden , a political economist at Harvard University , says about three - quarters of credit booms financed from abroad end up in crashes .
And yet financial services were not so much a victim of the inflows of foreign capital as an eager accomplice .
The question is why financial systems are so liable to turn foreign credit into ruinous busts .
In particular , why did America , home to the world 's most advanced financial system , turn foreign credit into the world 's most serious post - war bust ?
The suspicion is that American know - how and talent made the disaster worse .
Of all the financial instruments to have failed , newfangled collateralised - debt obligations ( CDOs ) have turned out to be among the most devastating .
One way of thinking about CDOs , says Raghuram Rajan , a professor at the University of Chicago , is as a mechanism for converting mortgage securities and corporate bonds from huge , illiquid assets owned by local investors into liquid financial instruments that could be flogged across the world .
Philip Lane , of Trinity College Dublin , thinks that sophisticated American financial services combined dangerously with relatively unsophisticated financial services elsewhere .
Never again , etc
If the price of sophistication is instability , something is wrong .
You might conclude that the thing to do is to shackle finance as it was shackled in the 1950s and 60s .
If ever there were a moment for this , it would be now .
It takes a big upheaval to open the way for radical reform .
The structure of financial regulation in America still bears the mark of ideas forged in the Depression .
Reform is certainly needed , yet , for all the excesses and instability of finance , a complete clampdown would be a mistake .
For one thing , remember the remarkable prosperity of the past 25 years .
Finance deserves some of the credit for that .
Note , too , that finance has always been plagued by crises , whether the system is open or closed , simple or sophisticated .
Attempts to regulate finance to make it safe often lead to dangerous distortions as clever financiers work around the rules .
If there were a simple way to prevent crises altogether , it would already be the foundation stone of financial regulation .
In fact , the aim should be neither to banish finance nor to punish it , but to create a system that supports economic growth through the best mix of state - imposed stability and private initiative .
Modern finance is flawed , unstable and prone to excess .
But think of those boots and those wasted lives : planned markets are flawed , unstable and excessive too .
The myths surrounding marijuana are apparently countless in number .
Marijuana : Burning Myths
One of the most well - known myths surrounding marijuana is that it damages human cell tissue and causes chromosomal breakage . [ 1 ]
The National Academy of Sciences has rejected this myth and has indicated that cannabinoids are neither mutagenic nor carcinogenic .
Another popular myth says that smoking pot causes reproductive system damage . [ 2 ]
Smoking marijuana has been shown to lower sperm counts in humans temporarily , but the sperm levels return to normal once marijuana consumption ceases . [ 3
Another claim states that marijuana reduces male testosterone levels : this theory has been challenged and refuted by several studies .
One of the most controversial myths is regarding cannabis use during pregnancy .
There is little evidence implicating marijuana may harm a fetus .
There are studies that support the claim that smoking marijuana may increase the risk of miscarriage , especially in early pregnancy . [ 4 ]
However , it is recommended that an expecting mother should not use any drugs .
Medical Uses of Cannabis
effective anti-inflammatory agent .
Marijuana can be smoked or eaten to relieve the general pain , inflammation , and discomfort of arthritis .
[ Cannabidiol ( CBD ) , one of the main active ingredients in cannabis is a very .
Marijuana can be smoked or eaten to . [ 5 ]
It is an excellent stimulant of appetite and combats nausea and vomiting .
[ 6
fight the symptoms of glaucoma by reducing the intra-ocular pressure . [ 7 , 8 ] Multiple sclerosis patients who use cannabis report soothing of the painful muscle spasms and improved muscle coordination .
[ Cannabis is also known toby reducing the intra-ocular pressure .
who use cannabis report soothing of the painful muscle spasms and improved muscle coordination . [ 9
Smoking cannabis may also relieve depression .
However , some researchers claim that long - term marijuana smoking can have a depressant effect and reduce motivation , as well as that long - term smoking leads to irreversible , but minor cognitive deficits .
[ 10
A study connected marijuana with lower blood sugar in diabetics .
[ 11
Marijuana – Sex Stimulant or Depressant ?
Presently , it is debatable whether marijuana acts as a sex drive stimulant ( aphrodisiac ) or suppressant .
Marijuana affects different people in different ways .
Some report an increased libido , while others report an inability to sustain an erection .
Time and more reliable research might be able to help us sometime in future .
first raises the level of testosterone and other sex hormones but later may lower hormone levels to below normal . [ 12 ]
Three researchers from the University of Texas suggested that tetrahydrocannabinol , or THC , marijuana 's active ingredient , may affect male sexual activity in two phases .
In animal tests , they found that itbut
The researchers measured levels of blood testosterone and luteinizing hormone , or LH , which stimulates testosterone production , within the first hour after feeding liquid THC to mice .
They found that the testosterone level in all the mice jumped almost immediately to about six times its average amount .
Moreover , mice receiving low doses of the drug maintained the high testosterone levels for the entire hour ; those receiving much higher doses showed drastic drops in testosterone after 20 minutes to levels considerably below those of mice in the control group .
When a person smokes marijuana , the THC enters the bloodstream very rapidly .
The almost instant effect of the drug on the testicles , as shown in this study , seemed to account for the dramatic reports of sexual arousal during and after smoking .
In normal sexual stimulation , it takes about 20 minutes for the production of luteinizing hormone , then travel from the pituitary to the testes , where it helps produce testosterone ; in about the same amount of time the testosterone then enters the bloodstream and makes the trip back to the pituitary gland .
This feedback system automatically shuts down when the brain senses an adequate level of sex hormone has been reached .
Massive doses of THC disrupt the normal flow in this hormonal loop by triggering LH and testosterone production at the same time , which appears to cause a shutdown that sends hormonal levels falling 20 minutes after the drug is administered .
No such testosterone drop was observed among mice that received low doses .
Low Dose Marijuana and Sexual Intercourse
heightened ability to communicate sexually with their partners and increased body awareness . [ 13 ]
Marijuana has been used as an aphrodisiac for thousands of years , yet ironically it has also been used to decrease sexual desire .
At low to moderate levels of intoxication , users reported a
When marijuana dosage was appropriate , it increased sexual stamina and skill , tactile sensation , length and power of orgasms , and emotional bonding between partners .
People felt they became more loving , more willing to pay attention to the technical aspects of lovemaking and foreplay which women complain is often missing from the males sexual repertoire .
Modern users reported spiritual , emotional and psychological effects that mirrored ancient Tantric effects .
They felt that intercourse was replenishing and balancing , and that orgasm was an energizing climax to sex , instead of a draining finale .
In regards to the claims that marijuana heightens sexual climax , there is scientific research that seems to discredit that .
Chronic marijuana smokers do show signs of infertility — men may have lower sperm counts and women may have abnormal ovulation .
Read More : Therapeutic Uses Of Medical Marijuana
Erectile Dysfunction Drugs Combined with Marijuana Result in Risky Sex
Some young men experience erection problems and take erectile dysfunction drugs without a doctor 's prescription .
More than half of males who noted using erectile dysfunction ( ED ) drugs reported doing so to treat their erectile problems .
Another 29 % reported using the drugs to enhance sexual performance . [ 14 ]
Nearly two - thirds of those who used ED drugs reported mixing ED drugs with other drugs such as alcohol , marijuana , and cocaine .
These boost sex drive and reduce inhibitions but diminish sexual performance .
Combining ED drugs with alcohol or other drugs permits men in altered states to have risky sex , potentially contributing to unwanted pregnancies and the spread of sexually transmitted diseases .
Conclusion
To summarize , cannabis is said to increase libido and sexual desire .
However , this drug is not aphrodisiac in the strict sense of the definition , as it does not consistently produce aphrodisiac effects as its main action .
At low to moderate doses , cannabis is known to heighten sexual climax .
Also , it has reported heightened ability to communicate sexually with their partners , and increased sensuality but may diminish sexual performance .
But at high - doses , it results in decreased desire and chronic use results in dose - dependent increased / decreased desire and erection problems .
favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite
Seeing as Google Video is soon to be closing , this is the only place I know of that hosts the videos of this masterpiece .
I 'm so glad someone took the time to fix the playlist in the player .
Once you hit play , you can sit back and watch the horror of this game play out in front of you , way better than playing it yourself .
And do n't forget to go to the archive and read the bonus content , Proteous4994 is hilarious on camera and off camera , and major credit goes to Suspicious for probably being the first and only person to 100 % complete this game , going even further than what the planet - Daikatana and Gamespot did for their walkthroughs .
His Boss run videos showcase just how much worse it is to play the game in singleplayer than in co-op .
Truly awesome thread .
- July 16 , 2011 Best LP on the archive
The NSA has patented a technique to detect network tampering :
The NSA ’s software does this by measuring the amount of time the network takes to send different types of data from one computer to another and raising a red flag if something takes too long , according to the patent filing .
Other researchers have looked into this problem in the past and proposed a technique called distance bounding , but the NSA patent takes a different tack , comparing different types of data travelling across the network .
“ The neat thing about this particular patent is that they look at the differences between the network layers , ” said Tadayoshi Kohno , an assistant professor of computer science at the University of Washington .
The technique could be used for purposes such as detecting a fake phishing Web site that was intercepting data between users and their legitimate banking sites , he said .
“ This whole problem space has a lot of potential , [ although ] I do n’t know if this is going to be the final solution that people end up using . ”
Bank heists in the movies are generally awesome but they also seem improbable , at best .
Secret tunnels ?
Manipulating the police ?
Burning cars ?
Commando gear ?
Come on , this crap does n't happen in real life !
Does it ?
Advertisement
5 Norwegians Go Commando on the NOKAS Cash Center Monday , April 2004 .
If you were a cop in Stavenger , a small town in Norway , your first hint that it might not be a normal day was probably the burning car blocking your way to the parking garage .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
" Oh , it 's going to be one of THOSE days . "
And if you were working at the handling center for NOKAS , the central cash processing system for Norway 's banks , your first hint was the eleven guys piling out of vans in black body armor and goggles toting machine guns .
Despite having the classic setup of a heist gone wrong , the thieves still managed to get away and kill a police officer in the process .
Cop killing is n't a common occurrence in Norway meaning that , when caught , the robbers were going get the closest thing to prison rape that the Norwegian judicial system could legally administer .
Then later , of course , literal prison rape .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
The Take : 65 million Norwegian kroner , about $ 10 million dollars .
The Takedown : The Norwegian judicial system does n't dick around , even if their prison guards are shit scared of the perps .
The men involved , thirteen in all , were captured and convicted in March 2006 in a case that cost more to prosecute ( 160 million kroner ) as what the guys actually stole .
They were sentenced to a total of 181 years in prison , and then , in June 2007 , the court decided that was n't enough ; so they went back and made the sentences tougher .
The moral of the story ?
Do n't fuck with Norwegians .
( CNN ) --
Two days before US Airways Flight 1549 crashed into the Hudson River , passengers on the same route and same aircraft say they heard a series of loud bangs and the flight crew told them they could have to make an emergency landing , CNN has learned .
Crews successfully hoist the wreckage of US Airways Flight 1549 out of the water on Saturday .
more photos »
Steve Jeffrey of Charlotte , North Carolina , told CNN he was flying in first class Tuesday when , about 20 minutes into the flight , " it sounded like the wing was just snapping off . "
" The red lights started going on .
A little pandemonium was going on , " Jeffrey recalled .
He said the incident occurred over Newark , New Jersey , soon after the plane -- also flying as Flight 1549 -- had taken off from LaGuardia Airport in New York .
" It seemed so loud , like luggage was hitting the side but times a thousand .
It startled everyone on the plane , " Jeffrey said .
" We started looking at each other .
The stewardesses started running around .
They made an announcement that ' everyone heard the noise , we 're going to turn around and head back to LaGuardia and check out what happened . '
" I fly about 50 to 60 times per year , and I 've never heard a noise so loud , " he said .
" It was n't turbulence , it was n't luggage bouncing around .
It was just completely like the engine was thrown against the side of the plane .
It just -- it did n't shake the plane but it shook you out of the seat when you 're drifting off , it really woke you up .
And when it happened again , everyone just started looking at each other and there was a quiet murmuring around the plane , and you could feel the tension rising just in looking .
" I remember turning to my [ business ] partner and saying , ' I hope you got everything in order back home , life insurance and everything , because that did n't sound good . ' "
Jeffrey said he sent a text message to his wife about a " scary , scary noise on the plane .
Does n't sound right .
They 're flying back to LaGuardia to check it out .
I 'll call you when we land .
I love you . "
He added , " About 10 minutes later when we never made the turn , we kept going , that 's when the pilot came on and explained -- I wish I could remember the words -- I remember him using air , compression and lock -- I 'm not sure the right order , but he made it sound like the air did n't get to the engine and it stalled the engine out , which he said does n't happen all the time but it's not abnormal . "
Expert Aviation Consulting , an Indianapolis , Indiana , private consulting firm that includes commercial airline pilots on its staff , said the plane that landed in the Hudson was the same one as Flight 1549 from LaGuardia two days earlier .
See images from the rescue in last week 's crash »
" EAC confirms that US Airways ship number N106US flew on January 13 , 2009 , and January 15 , 2009 , with the same flight number of AWE 1549 from New York 's LaGuardia Airport to Charlotte Douglas [ International ]
Airport in North Carolina , " Expert Aviation said in a statement to CNN .
The company said it checked with contacts in the aviation industry to confirm that it was the same plane .
The National Transportation Safety Board released the tail number of the downed Airbus A - 320 , which is N106US .
NTSB spokesman Peter Knudson said as part of its investigation into the Hudson River crash , it will be looking at all maintenance activities , but has no indications of any anomalies or any malfunctions in the aircraft , so far in the investigation .
Following CNN 's inquiry , he confirmed that the Airbus 320's maintenance records show " there was an entry in the aircraft 's maintenance log that indicates a compressor stall occurred on Jan. 13 . "
The Federal Aviation Administration referred CNN to US Airways .
US Airways would not confirm that the Flight 1549 that took off January 13 was the same plane that splashed into the Hudson two days later .
Valerie Wunder , a US Airways spokeswoman , said : " US Air is working with the National Transportation Safety Board in this investigation . "
She would not comment on any other details , including Tuesday 's flight , though she did confirm US Airways is looking into it .
Jeffrey told CNN that US Airways earlier Monday confirmed to him that the Tuesday incident occurred aboard the plane that crashed .
John Hodock , another passenger on the Tuesday flight , said in an e-mail to CNN : " About 20 minutes after take - off , the plane had a series of compressor stalls on the right engine .
There were several very loud bangs and fire coming out of the engine .
The pilot at first told us that we were going to make an emergency landing , but after about five minutes , continued the flight to Charlotte . "
In an interview , Hodock said the pilot " got on the intercom and said they were going to have to make an emergency landing at the nearest airport .
But then , only five to 10 minutes later , the pilot came back on and said it was a stalled compressor and they were going to continue to Charlotte . "
A third passenger , who did not want her named used , also said she heard a " loud banging sound " on the right side of the plane .
She said she heard the pilot say the " compressor for the engine was stalled " and they needed " to turn around and go back . "
However , she said , the problem was fixed and the flight continued without incident .
Pilots and aviation officials said that a compressor stall results from insufficient air getting into the engine and that multiple stalls could result in engine damage .
However , the officials said , a momentary compressor stall may be less serious and could be corrected in flight by simply restarting the engine .
A bird strike could lead to a compressor stall , the officials said .
All About US Airways Group Inc. • Air Travel
WASHINGTON 
On yet another morning of grim economic news , President Obama sought to further distance himself from his predecessor on Friday as he announced steps that he said would strengthen organized labor and improve the lot of middle - class Americans .
At a White House ceremony , the president signed three executive orders that he said would “ reverse many of the policies towards organized labor that we ’ve seen these last eight years , policies with which I ’ve sharply disagreed . ”
Soon afterward , Vice President Biden drew applause when he flung another dart at former President George W. Bush and former Vice President Dick Cheney ( on Mr. Cheney ’s 68th birthday ) as he told labor officials in the audience , “ Welcome back to the White House . ”
Mr. Obama , following up on his Thursday condemnation of “ shameful ” bonuses for Wall Street bankers , seized on the latest economic numbers to push yet again for enactment of his $ 800 billion - plus economic stimulus package .
He and Mr. Biden spoke not long after the nation ’s gross domestic product reflected its greatest contraction in a quarter - century .
During the FCC's December meeting , chair Kevin Martin plans to push for a free , but porn - free Internet service that would be available to all Americans .
Reports the Wall Street Journal :
The proposal to allow a no-smut , free wireless Internet service is part of a proposal to auction off a chunk of airwaves .
The winning bidder would be required to set aside a quarter of the airwaves for a free Internet service .
The winner could establish a paid service that would have a fast wireless Internet connection .
The free service could be slower and would be required to filter out pornography and other material not suitable for children .
The FCC 's proposal mirrors a plan offered by M2Z Networks Inc. , a start - up backed by Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers partner John Doerr .
The proposal faces objections from consumer groups -- who say the FCC 's filtering will go too far -- and the wireless carriers , who complain that a free Internet would interfere with their own radiowaves ( and customer - base ) .
See Also :
Obama 's CTO : Here 's Who's In The Running
ISPs To Speed Up P2P Transfers
FCC Approves ' Wi - Fi On Steroids ' : Good News For Consumers , Bad News For Telcos
Fry 's Electronics Price Matches 99 Cent Only Store !
While I was browsing the isles of several major electronic retailers such as Circuit City , Fry ’s Electronics and Microcenter I noticed that they sold the same Belkin USB Cable that I ’ve purchased for $.99 at the 99 cents only store .
This made me think … will these major retailers price match this item ?
With prices ranging from $ 14 to $ 29 depending on the store , this would be one heck of a price match and would truly test their price match policies .
Which retailers honored the price match and what do I think of the major electronics chains in the Houston area ?
Read on …
Circuit City
First up on my list was Circuit City .
The ‘ City ’ has their price match policy on a big sign behind the customer service desk as you enter the store .
Stating they will price match any local competitor and seeing the same cable their only a week earlier I was confident in my challenge .
I headed straight back to the aisle with the overpriced USB cables and found what I was looking for – kind of …
It appeared they were all out of the cables except for the green colored ones .
Coincidently the green ones were the only ones that the 99 cent only store did not carry – they had plenty of clear , blue and red cables .
Knowing that Circuit City does n’t have to match the price if the competing retailer does n’t have the item in stock I immediately started calling other 99 cent store locations .
To my disappointment all seven stores that I calld had every color but green !
I did n’t want to give up , I knew they had clear cables the week before so the UPC number on my receipt would be in their system .
Maybe I would get a stupid customer service rep that would n’t notice the one digit difference in the UPC symbol .
I grabbed the green USB cable from the shelf which was priced at $ 19.99 and headed to the customer service desk .
Even with no line and a slow day the woman behind the counter still seemed unable to acknowledge me as she scuffled some papers with her back turned .
A polite “ Excuse me ” ( no really , I was polite :) managed her attention as she asked what she could do for me .
I showed her the receipt from the 99 cent only store and the product I had .
She instantly said she could n’t match the 99 cent only store .
I stood speechless for a second then pointed to the sign which stood 3 feet immediately behind her and read to her “ We will match the price of any local retailer and beat it by 10 % . ”
She looked a bit angry at this point and grabbed the receipt from the desk as she started punching in some numbers into the computer .
At this point I realized she was punching in the UPS numbers on the receipt – maybe she would n’t realize they were different numbers than the one I had there !
About a minute later she said that there was no way she could do it since it was $ 19.99 the computer refused to let her discount it to 99 cents .
Again I expressed that their price policy was clearly stated behind her and apparently they do n’t live up to it .
She then walked back and grabbed the phone – apparently to get a senior manager – and Mere seconds later a suited manager walked up and asked how he could help .
I explained the situation and he looked a bit perplexed – perhaps he thought I was joking .
He said they could n’t be the same product so I told him I could bring them in – I had just bought a few and needed another but did n’t want to spend the gas to go all the way back to that 99 cent store .
I went to the car and brought all five in hoping that the camouflage of the other cables would hide the fact I did n’t have a green one .
The manager examined the package briefly and compared the UPC number to the one on my receipt again avoiding to look at the UPC symbol on the green cable form their store !
The manager looked a bit perplexed that this could be possible then started fumbling around in the computer when he told the customer service rep to call the 99 cent store to make sure they had some .
It was at this time that I broke out my Palm pilot with the picture above showing how many they had on the shelf but he said they still had to call .
To my dismay the customer rep carried the GREEN cable with her when she called .
The manager continued to fumble around on the computer and came to the same conclusion the customer service rep did .
He told me he did n’t think he could do it – not because he would n’t but because their computer would n’t let them discount it that much !
Seconds later the customer service rep came back and stated that they did n’t have the green ones in stock just the white and red ones .
The manager asked if there were any on the shelf and I had to admit that they were sold out of the other colors but had them last week .
He then said he could n’t price match it unless I could prove they had the green ones in stock !
In one sense I was defeated and wondered if it would be worth testing the other stores .
I then realized that had it not been for their computer not allowing them to lower the price to 99 cents there is a good chance the customer service rep would have sold it to me at that price before the manager even became involved .
Off to another Circuit City location I would go – perhaps they would have them in stock in other colors .
To my dismay all three Circuit City stores I visited were out of all colors except green .
Perhaps they took them out of inventory because someone had already tried this on them ?
I concluded that if I would have had matching product I probably could have received my price match but it would have taken quite a bit of protesting , persistence and quite likely involvement with the regional or district manager to resolve .
MicroCenter
Next on my list was MicroCenter .
For those who are not familiar with MicroCenter , it is the largest ‘ computer only ’ retail store in the Houston area .
They have great specials that cycle on a bi-monthly basis making it my second favorite place to shop for discount ‘ loss leader ’ computer items .
I had just been into MicroCenter a day before so I knew they had to have the product still in stock .
It was priced at $ 14.99 when I last saw it .
Upon arriving in the store I looked around the returns area for a price match policy .
After finding none I found my way to the customer service department where I could also find no posted policy .
I decided to find the product and then hit up a salesperson .
The cable was easy to find but the salespeople were not .
It was about thirty minutes to closing and nobody seemed interested in helping .
I literally tried to chase two salespeople down who were on the other side of the store and just when I would get into non shouting distance they would be taken by another customer .
About five minutes later I was able to flag down a salesperson who was hiding down the isle with the CD cases doing some shelf management .
I probably walked right past him while chasing the other salespeople down the adjacent isles .
I showed him the white Belkin USB cable and my receipt from the 99 cent store and asked if they price match .
He immediately said that they do n’t price match most products .
I asked which products they price matched and he stated that it was just the ones the manager wanted to and that there is no way he would price match that .
I asked where I could find the manager and he said to go to customer service so I did .
I asked the lady there about price matching and she stated the same thing the salesperson did .
After fighting with Cicuit City I decided that it probably was n’t worth the effort here .
MicroCenter did n’t have a posted policy so there really was n’t much leverage to make them do so .
They did have the lowest retail price for the cable however .
Fry ’s Electronics
Next on my list was Fry ’s Electronics .
Fry ’s is the newest of the retailers to the Hostuon area and now has three locations .
I ’m a frequent visitor to Fry ’s and pretty much know their system inside and out .
Fry ’s is much like the other retailers – you are lucky to find anyone there who really knows their stuff and unless you are buying high priced products salespeople can be hard to come by .
Fry ’s offers fairly retail pricing but their newspaper advertised prices are unbeatable , even below wholesale at times .
I am probably Fry ’s worst customer because 95 % of everything I buy from them is a ‘ loss leader ’ item from the newspaper .
While their advertised prices are great it is hard to get them to budge on anything else .
Frys ’ price match policy is n’t written down anywhere in the store as far as I could tell but several salespeople told me they would price any local retail store …
I walked up to the ‘ customer service ’ desk and asked who would be the best person to speak with about price matching a product .
He told me to get into the returns line and talk to any of the people there who would help .
Fortunately the return line was only 1 person long and my wait was a mere thirty seconds .
The customer service specialist , Mr. Black greeted me with a smile and asked what he could do for me .
I showed him the receipt from the 99 cent only store and said I did n’t want to have to make the 5 mile trip back to that store to buy another cable – I was one short ( I did n’t want to be a prick and say I needed 20 cables … did n’t want to be banned from Fry ’s either ! ) .
At first Mr. Black was hesitant expressing that they are probably not the same cable .
I asked him if he wanted me to bring some in to show him since I had them in the car .
He expressed interest in the notion and said he would get a manager while I returned with the product .
At this point it seemed like he was just as interested as me on whether they would price match the item and mentioned that it seems like they would have not choice but to honor their policy .
Upon re-entering the store with my cables I noticed a small huddle around the desk that I being helped at .
It appeared a manager and a few other customer service reps had gathered around – they probably expressed interested when they realized that they sold the same cable for $ 29.99 !
The manager asked how many I wanted and I told him only one more .
He asked Mr. Black to give the 99 cent store a call to make sure they had them in stock .
Was he actually going to do it ?
Mr. Black returned with the news that they had hundreds in stock and the UPC symbols matched the receipt .
About 5 minute later the manager came back with a green quote sheet which had the 29.00 discount !
A few minutes later I was in line and quite surprised .
Fry ’s , who does n’t even publish their price match policy , and can sometimes be a real hassle on returns gave me the least hassle in this case !
During the time that I was waiting for Mr. Black to verify the price I stated to the manager that the product markup from wholesale must be outstanding .
He responded that although cables are high profit items they will surely be loosing a bit on this transaction .
He also said he would have to talk to his regional manager so they could contact the vendor about the situation !
I sure hope Belkin does n’t stop selling their overstock to 99 cent only store because of me ! *
Conclusion *
While this example is a bit insane – it is quite clear to me that Belkin sells their overstock to the 99 cent store franchise for heavily discounted price – cables are still the biggest rip off in consumer electronics today .
This price match challenge was done to see how the retailers would react when someone challenged their ‘ bread and butter ’ products .
The retailers make more profit on the accessories , cables , power conditioners , surge protectors , than they do on the main product they sell .
This has lead to the fact that cable prices do n’t agree with the supply vs. demand model .
I remember when nobody used s- video , you could buy an s-video cable for $ 3.00 .
Then s-video became standard on all most televisions and suddenly the price of the same 6 foot s-video cables rose to $ 10 +!
Then came component video .
Before most consumer devices had this connection the cables could be found quite cheap .
I recall paying $ 15 at a local retailer for a 25 foot component video cable .
Now the same store sells the exact cable for $ 39.99 and they are probably selling ten times the amount !
The same thing is happening with HDMI / DVI and other new connection cables .
It seems that the marketplace take it upon themselves to find a way to make these cables high profit .
The early adopters of the technology know better but once the technology becomes mainstream they start taking advantage of consumers – pushing them to $ 100 cables because ‘ they work better ’ with no real proof ( just marketing hype and other mystery science ) that cable brand A is better than cable brand B. Furthermore , most employees at the retail chains do n’t know much about what they sell in the first place .
When they do get trained on products it is by the product manufacturer .
The misleading information given to them by the sales rep , who is trained by a marketing department , is then passed onto the consumer .
You can still buy reasonably priced good quality cables of all types but you usually have to do so through the internet .
Most people who buy a new television or stereo want to go home and connect it up right away , they do n’t want to wait a few days for cables to come in the mail .
The retailers take advantage of this .
The solution : Do n’t buy from the retailers .
Use them to demo the products then go online and find a trustworthly online e-tailer to purchase the product from .
You ’ll not only save money on the actual product , you ’ll likely save money on taxes your cables will arrive with your main product so no impulse to buy those expense cables offered at the retailer .
COMPLAINT ( with jury demand ) against Electronic Arts , Inc. ( Filing fee $ 350 , receipt number 34611025942 ) .
Filed by Alex McQuown . ( cjl , COURT STAFF ) ( Filed on 11/26/2008 ) ( cjl , COURT STAFF ) .
Disclaimer : Justia Dockets & Filings provides public litigation records from the federal appellate and district courts .
These filings and docket sheets should not be considered findings of fact or liability , nor do they necessarily reflect the view of Justia .
Why Is My Information Online ?
For the presidential inauguration , blacks descended on Washington in droves with a fanatical , Zacchaeus - like need to catch a glimpse of this M.L.K.
2.0 . “ Ooo - bama ! ”
For them , he was it  a game changer , soul restorer , dream fulfiller .
Everything .
Ooo-K .
Representative James Clyburn of South Carolina , the majority whip , tapped into the fervor Monday night at the BET Honors awards in Washington when he proclaimed , “ Every child has lost every excuse . ”
What ?
That ’s where I have to put my foot down .
That ’s going a bridge too far .
I ’m a big proponent of personal responsibility , but children too often do n’t have a choice .
They are either prisoners of their parentage or privileged by it .
Some of their excuses are hollow .
But other excuses are legitimate , and they did n’t magically disappear when Obama put his left hand on the Lincoln Bible .
In the spring of 2008 , a conference was held on the outskirts of Washington , DC .
Entitled Winter Soldier : Iraq and Afghanistan , it harkened back to the Winter Soldier testimonies held three decades ago during the Vietnam War .
Of the testimonies we filmed , this one , by Iraq War vet Jon Michael Turner , was the most compelling and intense :- Garland McLaurin ( " Iraq : One Winter Soldier 's Tale " Spring , 2008 ) .
Some of you may well already know that Jack Kerouac typed the initial version of On The Road on a 127 ft scroll , finishing the task in just two weeks of intense effort .
This scroll is quite a famous artefact and , thanks in large part to the efforts of Dick Ellis of Birmingham University , is currently on display at the Barber Institute there ( until January 28th ) .
I went up to give a talk on how my own travels were first prompted through contact with On The Road .
I first read the book in 1958 and became fired up on the possibilities of the road life in America .
As this website will attest , I ’m one of those lucky people whose fantasy lived up to expectations .
If you are in even any sort of visiting distance of Birmingham I do recommend a visit .
My main reaction when viewing the physical size of the scroll was how it was able to impart something of the creative flood involved .
Kerouac ( whom it seems was a red hot typist ) would have had the words of this story flowing almost nonstop from his fingers – an observation reinforced by the fact that there are very few typos and corrections .
Catch - 22 is another well known book , though for most of us Yossarian ’s dilemma is the point of reference .
My own current catch - 22 is to report the rather dispiriting detail that sales of the RetroRoadTrips DVD have n’t yet reached the necessary level to fund the next stage , which is to finish Codachrome – a time of road dreams .
One project funds the other in a step by step progression is / was the plan .
This is not to say that sales have been negligible – it ’s just that , even at the ‘ one man in a room ’ level at which I operate , costs are considerable .
To give you some indication – the clearances for ( limited ) use of six quotes from On The Road cost $ 1,000 a quote ; or , producing 27 tracks of original music has required around £ 11,000 ( including studio time ) ; and so on .
I now need £ 8,750 to complete Codachrome and somehow this does n’t seem like a particularly opportune moment to be looking for money .
So , are we disheartened ?
Yes .
Will this stop the project ?
No ( though it will probably slow it down even further ) .
Here ’s the newly minted , readjustment to reality plan .
I ’m going to add a Download option in the RetroRoadTrips website shop , allowing visitors to download individual films or music tracks ( this assumes there will be a cost effective way to collect small payments ) .
Perhaps an ancillary income stream will be the result ?
I also have a proposal circulating for a book of still images ( frame grabs ) taken from the film .
Beyond that , I ’ll start in on the edit of an online version of the earlier 4 screen travelling film show that I used to take around America in the 1970’s .
All the material is existing and so this should n’t be too costly ( other than my time ) .
I ’ve only recently discovered that it ’s possible to place more than one image for viewing in the Final Cut Pro Timeline , which counts as a breakthrough of sorts .
This version will be only 3 screens , otherwise the aspect ratio for 4 would be 16×3 – too stretched for a computer screen .
The viewing advice I gave to audiences back then was to treat these screens as the windshield of a car ( the content on the 4 screens was divided up by the 4 Time Zones of America ) .
The film was comprised of music and images – no narration , other than the introduction – to give the feeling of being in the car and going down the road .
This notion was always well received in those early days and I ’ve no reason to think that reaction will have changed .
More on this later – a short clip will be posted on the site as soon as I can get it organised .
I ’m also still in the throes of organising production of the Road Dreams t shirts .
There ’s been quite a learning curve involved .
Early trials showed that the image faded far too quickly after washing , so I ’ve experimented with Direct to Garment printing .
This is a fairly new process in the t shirt world , though the extra effort ( and cost ) do seem to be worth it .
I ’m waiting on what I hope will be the final trial ( even the brand of t shirt makes quite a lot of difference to the reproduction quality ) , and hope to offer a white or black t shirt choice after Christmas .
Apologies to anyone who had wanted to give one for a Christmas present .
And that ’s it for the moment .
Things rarely work out as planned .
The ingredient that does n’t change is the requirement to ‘ keep on keeping on ’ .
Elliott
By : richard on
November 23rd , 2008
Hi Elliott , congratulations on the DVD , it is wonderful to revisit the images of Road Dreams again , it looks fantastic , and brilliantly presented .
What a great thing you have done .
Also reading the comments about “ Written in the West ” , are you also familiar with Stephen Shore ’s “ Uncommon Places ” and “ American Surfaces ” ?
Some of the images could almost be stills from Road Dreams , he was probably travelling at the same time as you .
One thing he said : “ I remember thinking it ’s important to put cars in photographs because they are like time seeds … ”
Looking forward to seeing Codachrome …
Best wishes
Richard
By : Nigel Mason on
November 24th , 2008
My discs arrived a week or so ago and I am pleased to see that they are as good as I had hoped .
The resolution is better than expected , very much better than my old VHS tapes , and the music is as good as ever .
I also find that the passage of time has given much of the footage the wistful , slightly melancholy , elegiac quality of a world gone forever .
Beautiful stuff .
Could become a cult classic .
NBC : Chu for energy
Fire up the Google : NBC reports that Obama 's next wave of key appointments , the energy posts , will be composed of lower - profile professionals than his earlier picks .
At Energy , Nobel laureate Steven Chu , who runs the Berkeley National Lab is expected to be named , NBC says ; at EPA , it 's New Jersey 's former environmental chief , now Jon Corzine 's chief of staff , Lisa Jackson .
Carol Browner , they report , will be " energy czar . "
Chu is a major backer of alternative energy , including solar and biofuels ; you can read more about it at the site of his lab 's Helios project .
These are obviously accomplished people and capable administrators .
Chu , for instance , has more academic credentials -- hard to beat a Nobel -- and has run a bigger organization than most of Obama 's appointees to economic and foreign policy posts .
The question is whether the lower - profile environmental appointees will be able to compete for oxygen in the political , Washington universe of the White House with the higher profile foreign policy and economic teams .
WASHINGTON , Jan. 20 ( UPI ) --
The new White House Web site unveiled Tuesday by President Barack Obama 's administration includes a slam at former President George W. Bush .
Politico reported that the Internet site criticizes Bush 's response to Hurricane Katrina , the 2005 storm that ravaged the Gulf Coast .
Advertisement
" President Obama will keep the broken promises made by President Bush to rebuild New Orleans and the Gulf Coast .
He and Vice President ( Joe ) Biden will take steps to ensure that the federal government will never again allow such catastrophic failures in emergency planning and response to occur , " the site said .
Citing the Bush administration 's " unconscionable ineptitude " in responding to the storm , the Web site says : " then - Senator Obama introduced legislation requiring disaster planners to take into account the specific needs of low - income hurricane victims . "
Politico reported that in interviews before leaving office , Bush defended his administration 's response to the storm .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Barack Obama has taken the oath of office and been sworn in as America 's 44th president - and the country 's first African - American leader .
More than one million people gathered in the National Mall in a wintry Washington DC , to see Mr Obama take the oath shortly after 1200 ( 1700 GMT ) .
He used his inaugural address to vow to begin the work of " remaking America " .
The new US leader said his country faced a number of challenges but was entering a " new era of responsibility " .
But a shadow was cast over Mr Obama 's celebrations in the hours after his swearing - in , as veteran Senator Ted Kennedy collapsed during the inaugural lunch .
Mr Kennedy , whose support was seen as influential in winning over Democratic voters for Mr Obama , has been seriously ill with a brain tumour and has previously undergone surgery .
Barack Obama is sworn in as America 's 44th president
Enlarge Image
" This is the meaning of our liberty and our creed ... why a man whose father less than 60 years ago might not have been served at a local restaurant can now stand before you to take a most sacred oath . "
The new president takes office amid a dismal economic climate and with the US still embroiled in two wars .
Speaking to the vast crowd , stretching as far back as the Washington Monument in the distance , he was quick to admit that the US is in the midst of a crisis - a fact now " well understood " .
" Our nation is at war , against a far - reaching network of violence and hatred .
Our economy is badly weakened , " he said , blaming the current situation both on the greed of a few and the " collective failure " of many .
He branded healthcare " too costly " , said schools " fail too many " and charged that US energy policy both strengthens enemies and threatens the planet .
" The challenges we face are real , " Mr Obama said .
" They are serious and they are many .
They will not be met easily or in a short span of time .
" But know this America - they will be met . "
Invoking the memory of the US 's Founding Fathers , Mr Obama said he would strive to rebuild his nation 's standing in the world , saying : " We are ready to lead once more . "
He addressed the foreign policy challenges facing the US , saying the US would " responsibly leave Iraq to its people and forge a hard - earned peace in Afghanistan " .
Crowds at the inauguration of Barack Obama describe their experiences
In pictures
The new president also addressed the world 's poor and the Muslim world , much of which angrily opposed the actions of the previous administration .
From now on , Mr Obama said , the US would seek " a new way forward , based on mutual interest and mutual respect " .
The BBC's Kevin Connolly , in Washington , says Mr Obama delivered a difficult inaugural message .
Its task , our correspondent notes , is to lift hopes and hearts at a moment when every economic indicator is falling .
Solemn vows
On a day of unprecedented security in Washington DC , the inauguration ceremony began on the West Front Lawn of the US Capitol , where Congress sits , with an opening prayer asking for the protection and safety of the new president and vice - president .
US BLACK HISTORY MILESTONES 1861 - Civil war starts
1865 - Civil war ends , leading to abolition of slavery 1870 - Hiram Revels is first African - American senator .
African - American men gain the vote , but face resistance and intimidation 1954 - Civil disobedience campaign starts 1963 - Martin Luther King : " I have a dream " speech 1964 - Civil Rights Act 1965 - Right to vote guaranteed
Webb :
Will the world respond ?
A New Media inauguration ?
Mr Obama - introduced to the crowd as Barack H Obama - stood solemnly during the invocation by conservative Rick Warren , his eyes closed in the final moments before he took office .
Aretha Franklin then sang against a backdrop of clear blue skies and a light wind .
Thousands waved flags as the soul legend sang to a rapturous reception .
Joseph Biden , a veteran senator , was then sworn in as vice - president by the longest - serving member of the US Supreme Court .
The focus then shifted to America 's first black president .
Using his full name , Barack Hussein Obama , he placed his hand on a Bible used by Abraham Lincoln at his inauguration in 1861 and repeated the oath of office , promising to " preserve , protect and defend the Constitution of the United States " .
Hundreds of thousands of visitors had arrived in Washington in the days before the inauguration , and vast numbers braved early - morning cold to secure a vantage point for the midday ceremony .
Competition for tickets along the parade route was fierce , as was the scrum for standing room in the National Mall .
OBAMA'S ECONOMIC CHALLENGE
Unemployment rate up to 7.2 % - 16 - year high Retail sales fell for six months in a row in December - down 2.7 %
Car sales down to 22.4 % below level seen a year ago New home sales in November at lowest level in 17 years Mid-price of a new home sold in November : $ 220,400 ( £ 149,900 ) - down 11.5 % from a year ago Trade deficit dropped to $ 40.4bn ( £ 28.82bn ) in November - five - year low
Obama 's tough economic challenges Guide to US inauguration day UK events mark inauguration
Officials in Washington reported record numbers of passengers on the city 's subway network early on Tuesday , and police were forced to close a key entry point hours before event began because of overcrowding .
Before the ceremony began , Michelle and Barack Obama attended a private church service at St John 's Episcopal Church alongside Joe Biden and his family .
They then headed to the White House for coffee with outgoing President George W Bush and Vice - President Dick Cheney .
The group - including Mr Cheney in a wheelchair after pulling a back muscle - then left for the US Capitol .
Mr Bush has now left Washington by helicopter bound for Midland , Texas , before heading to the family ranch at Crawford .
Mr Obama and his wife , by contrast , have a series of lavish inaugural balls to attend .
INAUGURATION DAY 1 . 1700 GMT /1200EST
Obama is inaugurated as US president on the West Front Lawn of the Capitol building
2. Obama escorts former President George W Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney on the presidential procession prior to their departure
3. 1920 GMT/1420EST
Parade starts along Pennsylvania Avenue
4. Obama will review troops from behind a bullet - proof screen in Lafayette Park , behind the White House
5. President Obama and the First Lady will attend a series of celebration balls , returning to the White House at 0725 GMT/0225EST Wednesday
More inauguration maps
Are you in Washington for the inauguration ?
Will you be watching the event elsewhere ?
Have you travelled to see the swearing - in of Barack Obama ?
Tell us about how you see the inauguration by filling in the form below .
You can send your pictures and video to yourpics@bbc.co.uk , text them to +44 7725 100 100 or you have a large file you can click here to upload .
Click here to see terms and conditions
At no time should you endanger yourself or others , take any unnecessary risks or infringe any laws .
Name
Your E-mail address
Town & Country
Phone number ( optional ) :
Comments
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
1.1
" Computers Then and Now " ( 1968 )
Tokyo Train Station Testing Power - Generating Floor
December 4th , 2008 by Ariel Schwartz
Yesterday , we took a look at how piezoelectrics — crystals or ceramics that generate voltage when mechanical stress is applied — could allow cell phones to be powered by sound waves .
Now the East Japan Railway Company ( JR East ) has announced that it is installing piezoelectric elements in the floors of its
Tokyo station in an attempt to generate power from passengers passing through ticket gates .
JR East will begin its experiment on December 10 and continue it until February 2009 .
The power - generating floor will cover an area of 25 m squared and will be installed at 7 ticket gates and 7 staircase steps inside the gate .
The company expects the floors to produce 1,400 kW / sec each day .
If the piezoelectric experiment is successful , the train station floors will ultimately be used to power ticket gates and electronic display systems .
For another example of a piezoelectric floor , check out London ’s Bar Surya .
Photo Credit : Altus via flickr under a Creative Commons License
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
The mystery surrounding Bernard Madoff's $ 50 bn Ponzi scheme deepened further last night as it emerged there was no evidence the alleged fraudster traded a single share on behalf of his clients .
America 's financial industry regulatory authority , told the Guardian that in more than 40 years examining the books of Madoff 's brokerage , investigators never saw a share traded on behalf of his investment advisory business .
Madoff is said to have confessed that his investment business was a Ponzi scheme that siphoned $ 50 bn from friends , charities and thousands of others .
The brokerage , meanwhile , was a legitimate business trading shares wholesale on behalf of investment banks , mutual funds and other institutions .
" Our investigations of Bernard Madoff 's broker dealership showed no evidence that any shares were ever traded on behalf of his investment advisory business , " a spokesman for Finra said , adding that the regulator had been looking at his books since 1960 .
Clients of Madoff 's investment advisory business received statements that showed hundreds if not thousands of trades made by the brokerage every year .
Richard Rampell , an accountant from Florida who had several clients who were victims of Madoff 's alleged scam , saw dozens of statements .
" Everything I saw on those statements told me that Madoff was clearing his own trades .
There was no third party mentioned on any of those statements , " Rampell said .
" Different firms do things differently .
For example , if I saw a statement from Bear Sterns , it would show that the trades were cleared by a third party like Goldman Sachs .
If I saw a statement from Merrill Lynch , it would show that the trades were cleared in house .
Madoff 's statements were just like Merrill Lynch statements .
They showed the trades were cleared by his own firm . "
Rampell saw his first Madoff statement in 1985 , describing it as " just incredible " .
He said the document showed dozens and dozens of the 1099 and 1099B tax forms required every time a security is bought and sold for a profit .
It now appears the statements were fictitious as there is no evidence to prove Madoff bought and sold a single share on behalf of his clients .
Steve Harbeck , the chief executive of the Securities Industry Protection Corporation who is overseeing the Madoff bankruptcy to ensure clients get compensation , said : " I do not have any evidence to contradict that .
This is an amazing story that something like this could have gone on undetected for so long . "
Harbeck said he believed Madoff was defrauding clients at least 28 years ago .
" I have seen evidence to that end and I have nothing to contradict it , " he said .
The securities and exchange commission , America 's financial regulator , had been warned about Madoff 's firm since at least 1996 .
Sources close to the investigation said last night that had the SEC asked Finra for evidence of how Madoff was making such profitable trades , the fraud would have been uncovered more than a decade ago .
Madoff 's lawyer , Ira Sorkin , declined to comment .
On a cold Monday in December , one of Britain 's most experienced polar explorers is sitting in an even colder room in Portsmouth , explaining his latest mission .
The temperature has been turned down to a mere - 20C , tropical by comparison to the almost inconceivable conditions he will have to endure during his next expedition to the Arctic .
There , temperatures can drop as low as - 90C ; it is dark all day or the sun can blind people in minutes ; the explorers will wake up , their eyelashes frozen together , in sleeping bags full of shards of ice ; the ground beneath the trekkers ' feet will be only inches of frozen water which can at any moment open into icy rivers which will kill almost instantly , and , apart from the odd grey seal , the only life they are likely to meet is a hungry polar bear .
Meeting Pen Hadow for the first time is something of a shock .
He is the first man in history to have managed one of the ultimate feats of human endurance - to trek solo and unaided to the North Pole .
But instead of the great strapping giant of a man you might expect , the 46 - year - old is slightly built , and his hand , when he shakes mine hello , is almost the hand of a woman .
As Hadow talks his breath frosts the air in front of his face , but he looks unperturbed while sitting still in this giant concrete freezer .
Such small extremities , along with his brown eyes , olive skin and naturally low heart rate , make him ideally suited to a life of spending months at a time alone or responsible for teams of amateurs in one of the most inhospitable environments on earth .
Now , though , Hadow is about to embark on a very different expedition .
In February he will leave northern Canada to trek more than 1,000 km to the North Pole ; what 's different this time is that he is travelling with two fellow polar explorers , his friends Ann Daniels and Martin Hartley , and they will be dragging with them not just food and repair kits but 100 kg sleds each , laden with equipment to take up to 12 m readings of the depth and density of snow and ice beneath their feet .
The readings that Hadow and his team are taking will feed into our understanding of the Arctic 's relationship with climate change .
Based on occasional submarine journeys and more recently satellite data , charts of the total area of Arctic sea ice have shown a gradual decline over the past 40 years .
Then , in 2007 , the line on the chart appeared to drop off a cliff ,
plunging below 5,000,000 sq km a full three decades ahead of forecasts .
The dramatic events of two summers ago , when a Russian submarine rushed to plant a flag under the pole and Canadian and European governments tersely laid rival claims to sovereignty , led many scientists to warn that the Arctic sea ice could disappear entirely during the summer months much sooner than had been feared .
Most experts agree on the impact this will have on 5 m Arctic inhabitants and the rest of the world - from the loss of the unique habitat that exists under the ice to rising global sea levels and possible changes to the ocean circulation and the weather patterns of the whole planet .
Yet forecasts for when this will happen range from just four years to the end of the century .
The reason is that very little is understood about the depth and density of the sea ice , and therefore the total volume of water frozen at the top of the world .
This is what Hadow's Catlin Arctic Survey - appropriately sponsored by an insurance company - hopes to put right by providing the much - needed data about how much ice is left , and so help work out how much time we have to prepare for what is probably the most immediate , truly global threat of climate change .
The survey is supported by the United Nations Environment Programme , the Prince of Wales and the conservation charity WWF .
" If you want to understand climate , we should invest more in making observations of climate change , and as the Arctic ocean is the amplifier of global warming , we should concentrate on the Arctic region to understand how fast the warming is taking place , " says Wieslaw Maslowski , a research associate professor in oceanography at the US Naval Postgraduate School and science adviser to the Catlin survey .
Hadow puts it more chivalrously : " I see the Arctic as a maiden newly discovered on the social scene , and we 're melting away her petticoats , and there are some avaricious types peering underneath , and someone needs to defend her honour . "
Hadow 's defining 75 - day trek to the North Pole in 2003 , alone and with no aeroplanes to resupply him , began with a spur - of - the - moment promise to his father on his deathbed , a promise which was to haunt him for 10 years through two earlier failed attempts and financial and health problems .
So obsessed did he become that in his autobiography , Solo , Hadow wrote : " Above all other things , even the birth of my son , it seemed to be absolutely central to my being . "
The roots of that trip and Hadow 's long love affair with the Arctic lie deeper , though .
His parents Nigel and Anne hired a nanny named Enid Wigley who had looked after Scott of the Antarctic 's son Peter , and her routine involved teaching the young Pen to endure the cold by leaving him outside .
She also spent years telling him stories of Antarctic explorers .
Years later , drifting in an unhappy job with sports management group IMG , Hadow found a book in the library of the Royal Geographical Society which was to bring
back those memories , lead him to both poles , and now set him on his mission to alert the world to the imminent threat to the Arctic .
The book was the translated diaries of an obscure 19th - century German ornithologist called Bernhard Adolph Hantzsch who , after being shipwrecked , died trying to trek across the far north of Canada to find a ship home .
Hadow was captivated and decided to finish the German 's journey .
" I remember walking back to the office , thinking : ' Of all the books I have , 90 % of them are written by adventurers and explorers and scientists : Francis Chichester , Jacques Cousteau , Chris Bonington , Ranulph Fiennes , [ Robin ] Hanbury - Tenison , ' " recalls Hadow .
" It never occurred to me until that moment that I could ever lead a life approximate to those .
In that moment I thought : ' I 'm going to start this journey . ' "
The official history records that , thanks to " Nanny " Wigley and Hantzsch , Hadow advertised for a companion , made his first journey , and was hooked .
Reading between the lines of his biography , though , there appears to be another crucial factor in his career choice : an extraordinarily strong need to prove himself , from hanging upside - down from trees as a child to taking up competitive gardening and school sports .
" There were lots of reasons why I did it [ the solo trek ] which were based around this vow I made , the main reason being that at the time it was regarded as the ultimate feat to be done , " Hadow admits in conversation .
If anything , the latest expedition comes even closer to fulfilling this need .
After the solo feat , Hadow was researching his book , and while in bed one night read a report by the US Navy discussing design changes to its ships undertaken to cope with changing sea ice because of global warming .
" I thought : ' Even I do n't really know about this and I'm in the almost unique situation of having this relationship with the Arctic , ' " he says .
" I thought : ' I could be the amplifier or explainer ; I might be the person to reach out to as wide an audience as possible , globally , to tell them what 's going on . '
That 's what explorers do , classically .
They discover information and then have the potential to engage audiences . "
With a new reason to return to the Arctic , Hadow asked climate scientists how he could help .
He discovered that measurements of sea ice began in the 1960s , but for three decades there were only annual submarine voyages , providing too little data to be sure what was happening more broadly .
Since the 1990s , satellite maps have been used to calculate the height of snow and ice above the waterline , but experts have to make assumptions about the roughly five - sixths of mass underneath , and there is a " hole " in the data over the North Pole which is 1,600 km across .
The satellites show that in 2007 alone , the Arctic sea ice lost an area nearly the size of Alaska , reaching an all - time low of 4,130,000sq km on 16 September .
Following this and another poor year in 2008 , the US National Snow and Ice Data Centre now calculates the permanent sea ice - measured in September at its nadir - is receding by 11.7 % a decade , or an average area the size of Scotland every year .
Little is known about thickness , nor about the density of different layers of snow and compacted ice .
Submarine data suggests a 40 % thinning between the 1960s and 1990s .
Last year the journal Geophysical Research Letters published a paper by three experts at University College London which calculated that the ice in the winter of 2007 / 8 was thinner than the previous five - year average by 26 cm , plus or minus 5 cm .
The margin of error reflects the lack of long - term and wide - ranging data .
Last September , despite a cooler summer , the sea ice only recovered to its second - lowest recorded extent , possibly because there was more thin first - year ice than usual .
And some scientists think the total volume last year was even lower than 2007 , says Maslowski .
Part of the wide range in estimates for when summer sea ice will disappear is due to uncertainty about how quickly the exposed darker sea will warm , triggering a cycle of more melting and warming .
The models also differ in their varying assumptions about ice thickness .
Maslowski , whose team has projected the most aggressive date - between 2010 and 2016 , based on current trends - argues , for example , that too little is known about increasingly warmer water brought by ocean currents from the Pacific and Atlantic , and its contribution to melting sea ice .
A few scientists do venture to the far north , usually by boat or plane , to drill cores or take radar measurements , but in an area which in winter can cover up to 4 % of the globe , there are only about a half a dozen such locations , says Seymour Laxon , one of UCL 's experts .
The problem is that few scientists have the inclination , physical endurance , time and money to do the training necessary to spend months in such harsh conditions , says Hadow , who has raised almost £ 3 m and spent years planning the trip , including an extra delay after funding fell through for 2008 .
" What captivated me more than anything was that I could do this , " says Hadow .
" For once in my life I was in the right place at the right time . "
After the cold room , the explorers have more chilling work to do at the Institute of Naval Medicine in Portsmouth .
As well as walking , the team expects to swim for up to 100 hours , dragging their specially designed sleds over " leads " of water which can open up between ice pans .
While swimming they will wear bright - orange immersion suits , which they now put on , lowering themselves into the pool of icy water .
Hadow says it 's like being " shrink - wrapped " .
I tried it for myself and it was how I imagined it would feel to swim in mercury .
The pool temperature is much warmer than the cold room , 4C , but because water conducts heat 26 times better than air , it " rips " the heat away from the explorers .
The final test is to get back into the water in only their walking clothes to simulate what would happen if they fell through the ice .
If they do , the water is likely to be even colder , probably below zero - salt water freezes at - 1.8C .
Early polar explorations left a trail of graves - men killed by hypothermia , scurvy , gangrene and even poisoning after eating the livers of polar bears .
Modern science has alerted those who have followed to many of these dangers , and provided remedies .
But for all the advances in modern technology , many risks still remain , almost all of them bound up in the landscape over which the team will have to walk and swim .
" Your brain is so used to visual information pouring in that when you go there the instant impression is : there is n't anything up here - it's all white , " says Hadow .
In the first few days , the brain " retunes " , and as the other senses are dulled by the cold and the heavy layers of clothing , the eyes become more alert .
" Some people talk about the Arctic as a monotonous wilderness of white , but if you open your eyes and look at the landscape , especially in spring , you realise that there are no whites whatsoever , " says Hadow in Solo .
" Everything is in shades and tones of pastel colours - cream , grey , blue , green , yellow , orange , pink - and only in the stark bright light at the height of the polar summer , when the sun is high in the sky , do you begin to see true whites among the other colours . "
Nor is the Arctic a great flat glass to glide over .
Before each trip , Hadow spends hours on Dartmoor pulling strings of tyres around tors , getting caught on and under rocks , untangling , pulling , shoving and scrabbling over cold wet granite to prepare for the huge pressure ridges he will have to clamber over : steep walls of frozen slippery ice rubble which test both his physical strength and patience .
Even on the " flat " pans , the ice is " rough , cracked , pitted and pocked with holes , lumps , bumps , projections and cracks where your burden becomes wedged or threatens to topple over , spilling its load , " he writes .
Then there are the wind and currents , which constantly work on the great floating , constantly changing landscape , grinding ice together , pulling pans apart , sometimes so " rapid as to equal a ship running before the wind " , to cite the evocative description of the ancient Norse writer of Kongespeilet .
Not infrequently travellers have to make huge detours or backtrack over a ridge or rubble field because of an impassable lead ; occasionally they wake to find they have drifted south of the point they began walking the previous day .
And the sounds of all this movement are amplified by the otherwise silent emptiness .
The landscape is so empty that in 2003 Hadow recorded that the only life he encountered were three seals , one snow bunting and the tracks of a single polar bear .
By day , the whooshing of skis and scratching of poles and the roar of wind past their ears dominate the explorers ' world .
At night , however , after the cooker is turned off , they lie with their heads on the ice and listen to it .
" You would n't conceive such random movements could produce such metronomic sounds : you get this der - der - der - der - der - errrr , der - der - der - der - der - errrr .
It 's disconcerting because it tends to be the ice breaking up around your tent , often literally around you .
This happens three or four times in an expedition , " says Hadow .
" You have to take a view : will this open up and will we be falling in in the morning , or will it be little hairline cracks rather than major fractures ? "
Sometimes the wind also beats against the tent like a drum .
Today , the biggest threats Arctic explorers face are those things that happen quickly , before help can be summoned from a few hours ' away , or possibly days if the weather is bad .
There is the moment - to - moment threat of falling through the ice - a risk which rises with every year the ice recedes .
There are the constant dangers of being crushed by sleds , a sudden serious illness , and always the fear of a polar bear attack .
Then there 's the nightly gamble with carbon monoxide poisoning from burning stoves inside tents .
And all the time , of course , there is the ever - present , grinding cold .
In temperatures as low as - 50C , with wind chill that ...# 8594 ; ...# 8592 ; can sink to - 90C , cold remains a constant danger .
Travellers cannot stop for more than 10 minutes to mend equipment or they start to freeze - mucus dries like gravel in the nose , contact lenses would freeze to eyeballs , unprotected parts of the body can be frostbitten before you have noticed , fillings in teeth expand and contract , sweat freezes under clothes , and as the temperature drops the human brain begins to slow , making people less responsive to problems - in extreme cases causing them to make the problem worse by acting in exactly the wrong way , such as undressing .
The constant struggle over the ice , the stress and cold are compounded by exhaustion .
To keep their sled weight down , the explorers calculate they can survive on a " deficit " of about 1,500 - 2,000 calories a day , but after two weeks their body starts to consume muscle to keep going .
And , despite their exertions , sleep is often hard .
" For the first month you 're cold every night , shivering , " says Hartley , " then you worry about polar bears sniffing around looking for a canapé in a sleeping bag . "
To cope with such conditions , Hadow adopts an almost obsessive regime of walking , eating from his " nosebag " of chocolate and nut rations , and checking his condition and his kit regularly .
In a team , some risks are mitigated by having other people to help .
But this time they will carry much more weight because of the measuring work and Hartley 's cameras and video equipment , and the trio has also taken advice from a psychologist about how to cope with personality problems that might arise .
Despite all these reasons , getting to the North Pole is still " 85 % in your head " , says Hadow .
" Over the 70 - odd days I was there last time [ for the solo trip ] , I would only think there was less than half a day when all things were good . "
" It messes with your mind , " he says in another conversation .
" The Arctic is a dynamic surface , and there are all sorts of things that can go against you .
It feels like you 're against a mightier force , which is a disastrous way to reach your goal .
It 's like a white crucible .
You put yourself or your team in and apply a Bunsen burner to the crucible , and all the fluff and juices are evaporated off and you 're just left with the essence of those people . "
For these reasons and the added difficulties of dragging extra weight , having additional tasks , raising many times the usual cost of a polar expedition , and - ironically - the worsening ice conditions , Hadow admits they cannot guarantee success .
His own training has also been interrupted by one of the many viruses which gripped the UK this Christmas .
" We can not know whether we can do it , " he admits .
" But we 're not just giving it a go - we 're very locked on to going the distance , to 90 degrees [ north ] . "
All being well , on 24 or 25 February the Catlin survey team will leave the base at Resolute Bay in northern Canada , be flown up to 80 °N 140 °W , where the multi - year ice begins , and start walking northeast along the line of 140° longitude .
There can be no maps of ephemeral sea ice , and Hadow believes that the route has not been taken for 40 years , since Sir Wally Herbert , after whose wife Hadow has named his sled .
As they travel across the ice pans , a radar specially designed for the conditions , weighing just 4kg , will take a measurement every 10 cm .
The team will also stop regularly to drill cores of snow and ice and take measurements of the ocean temperatures and currents below .
As they travel , Hadow will dictate notes into a special voice recorder about the regularity and make - up of ridges and other features .
And Hartley , a multi- award - winning photographer of difficult environments , will capture their progress and the landscape .
The data will be fed back via satellites to the scientists every night , and they hope that early results will be available before a UN meeting at Copenhagen in Denmark in December , when the world 's governments will be asked to agree an ambitious treaty to cut greenhouse gas emissions and so , it is hoped , reduce global warming and the resulting climate change .
" Once they have a figure for how long the Arctic sea ice will be there for , they will have to act , " says Hartley .
Scientists already believe that melting ice is responsible for average air temperatures warming twice as fast in the Arctic as in the rest of the planet .
So far they believe the melting of the floating ice has an undetectable effect on global sea levels and the expansion of the warming water contributes less than 1 % of the annual average rise .
But if the ice melts further , or disappears , that cycle of melting and warming will add noticeably to sea levels , and there are emerging concerns that the warming water temperatures are speeding up the melting of the Greenland ice cap , which could add metres to sea levels .
Less certainly , the influx of fresh and warmer water could start to alter the planetary circulation of ocean currents and winds which dictate weather patterns .
At the extreme , this could trigger one of the more catastrophic " tipping points " of climate change - the switching - off of the " thermohaline circulation " which brings warm water from the Tropics to the northern Atlantic and sends cooler Arctic waters south - events which were dramatised , if somewhat fancifully , in the film The Day After Tomorrow .
In the impeccably bureaucratic language required to achieve consensus among hundreds of scientists and governments , the latest UN Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change report described such an abrupt transition as a " low - confidence " event - that is , a 2 in 10 chance .
At best , Maslowski does not believe the results will give them more than a decade beyond his 2013 projection before the end of all summer ice .
What then ?
Is it not too late ?
" Even if it 's too late to do anything about sea ice , what other wildernesses are we going to let go ? " adds Hadow .
• Follow the expedition team - with regular updates on the explorers ' progress , physical condition and more - at www.catlinarcticsurvey.com
As the temperature plunged to minus - 40 degrees last month , Nastasia Wassilie waited .
The 61 - year - old widow had run out of wood and fuel oil , and had no money to buy more .
Nor was there much food in the house .
But people here in rural Alaska try to take care of themselves .
Her sister would come to help .
Surely she would .
Nearly three days later , when neighbors learned of Wassilie ’s plight , the Tribal Council put out a call on the VHF radio that is the lifeline for most of the far - flung Yupik Eskimo villages along this remote stretch of the Kuskokwim River .
People who had enough gas for their snowmobiles immediately set off across miles of tundra , hauling firewood back to Wassilie ’s small house .
A few offered helpings of dry fish , which most families keep in the larder for winter .
Advertisement
There was little more they could do .
Nearly every one of Tuluksak ’s roughly 500 residents is performing a perilous balancing act between food and fuel -- the building blocks of survival in a frigid winter that still has months to go .
Life in rural Alaska always has been treacherous .
But last year ’s dramatic escalation in fuel prices , combined with a disastrous fishing season , plunged the ramshackle villages of America ’s frontier into one of the worst crises in decades , prompting calls for humanitarian aid and demands for pricing reform .
“ Holy Jiminy Christmas , what we ’re going through , ” said Dora Napoka , 49 , the librarian at the village school .
“ It ’s like we have to choose between six gallons of stove oil or six gallons of gas to go out and get the firewood -- or does my baby need infant milk ?
Which one is more important ? ”
The public alarm first sounded from Emmonak , a town of about 800 people near the mouth of the Yukon River , when Nicholas Tucker polled fellow villagers and found many in a state of desperation :
They were running out of food after paying up to $ 200 a week for fuel oil to heat their homes .
Advertisement
“ Help is needed and cannot be delayed , ” Tucker wrote in an open letter to state authorities that was published in several rural newspapers this month , requesting a “ massive airlift ” of food .
“ What is mind - boggling about the whole situation is that they have remained silent , anonymous , suffered , and cried , ” he said .
Tucker included a terse case list of 25 households he had contacted .
It read like a report from a Third World country .
“ Near - middle - aged couple , family of six .
The husband cried as he was talking to me .
. . . , ” one summary read .
“ He receives a very small unemployment income and is out of fuel a lot .
. . .
His family has been out of food for quite some time now .
Their 1 - year - old child is out of milk , ca n’t get it and [ the father ] has no idea when he will be able to get the next can .
He has been borrowing milk from anyone he can .
His moose meat supply is running out .
. . .
The electricity has skyrocketed and he can’t pay all the bills . ”
Advertisement
From a couple in their mid-30s : “ He and his girlfriend have no heating fuel .
Whatever money he gets goes to getting gasoline for his snow machine to get logs .
. . .
Today , they had nothing for breakfast .
Most of the time , they have some dry fish for lunch or cup of noodles with [ crackers ] . ”
As word of Emmonak ’s troubles spread , donations from across the country poured in .
On Wednesday , a shipment of 5,300 pounds of food and other basic supplies was delivered by plane .
But regional leaders say dozens of rural villages -- where unemployment is at 65 % and higher -- quietly are enduring similar emergencies .
The main reason is the price of heating fuel , which warms homes and powers village electrical plants .
While the rest of the United States has seen prices ease since last summer , most Alaskan villages had to lock in purchase contracts for their fall fuel deliveries while costs were at their peak .
Advertisement
Worse , some villages were n’t able to get their bulk deliveries of winter fuel by barge because the early onset of winter froze the river .
Much of the fuel now must be flown in , which makes it even more expensive .
Residents in Tuluksak are paying $ 6.99 a gallon for heating fuel , up more than $ 2 from last year , and $ 6.58 for gasoline .
In some villages , prices have climbed past $ 8 a gallon .
A typical home here is a small , primitive cabin without running water that may shelter more than a dozen people .
Even a family with a modern , efficient stove will spend $ 185 a week for heating .
“ The oil is drilled right here in Alaska , and yet we ’re paying $ 8 a gallon ?
Something is amiss here .
The oil companies are making billions of dollars , and people here ca n’t afford to eat , ” said Pat Samson , social services director for the Assn. of Village Council Presidents in Bethel , about 35 miles southwest of Tuluksak .
The price for heating fuel and gas is only the beginning of the story .
Groceries must be flown in at ever - higher freight prices .
A pound of hot dogs in the village store costs $ 7.39 , and a two - pound loaf of domestic cheese runs $ 17.49 .
A loaf of Wonder Bread is $ 5.85 .
Advertisement
The cost of flying to Bethel has risen to $ 186 for a round trip , so few go there to shop -- and even fewer make the trip to the dentist or hospital until ailments become urgent .
In earlier years , hunting , fishing and trapping helped villagers get by .
But the market for fur has disappeared , and the fish stock has declined precipitously .
Last year , there was no commercial fishing season at all for the region ’s mainstay , chinook salmon .
Moose hunting , also because of declining numbers , has n’t been allowed around Tuluksak for five years .
“ Me , I have 17 people living in my house , ” said Elena Gregory , the Tribal Council secretary .
She is the only breadwinner in a household that includes her husband -- a seasonally employed carpenter -- four daughters , two sons - in - law and nine grandchildren .
“ I ’m lucky because I have a full - time job . . . .
Most people are two weeks on , two weeks off , ” a job - sharing arrangement devised to spread out the village ’s 34 available jobs , Gregory said .
Advertisement
“ Right now , my truck and my snow machine are out there rusting , because I ca n’t afford gas for them , ” said Rachel Sallaffie , a teacher ’s aide .
“ But we ’re lucky .
I have four freezers of birds and fish , and two months ago my husband got a caribou , so we still have meat . ”
Samson , an Alaska Native who grew up in the region before going away to college in Fairbanks , helps villagers here apply for fuel subsidies and other aid programs .
Walking through lots filled with abandoned vans and pickups -- the remnants of an era when the fishing was good enough that people could afford cars and could repair them when they broke down -- he pointed to a shack made of weathered plywood , its roof ripped open to the chilly sky .
“ This guy asked for help fixing his house , but I could n’t do it -- too dangerous for the workers , ” he said .
Advertisement
“ When I started this job , I was going to pay my student loans and then just work menial jobs after that , go commercial fishing in the summer .
Now , I ’ve been to just about all these villages , and I ’ve seen things -- things that keep me working , ” he said .
“ It was going to be a six - month job , and come September , I ’ll be doing this for 18 years . ”
The state has sent fact - finding delegations to the hardest - hit rural areas .
Bill McAllister , spokesman for Gov. Sarah Palin , said officials were in the process of finding aid programs already in place that could be extended immediately to help afflicted families .
The governor shepherded rural fuel subsidies and a $ 1,200 - per- person fuel rebate through the Legislature last summer in anticipation of the high prices , and now is looking to see what more can be done , McAllister said .
But doing much more can be politically difficult in a state where urban residents often resent the substantial subsidies that keep rural Alaska afloat .
Advertisement
Stories about Emmonak prompted a number of angry comments to the Anchorage Daily News , some noting that rural families often collect tens of thousands of dollars from the state ’s annual oil dividends and from annual tribal corporation payouts , and asking why city dwellers should subsidize them even more .
“ Folks who live in the bush do so because of a personal choice .
Some just have the concept now that they need not save and conserve because the government will pay their way , ” one letter said .
“ When you are not able to live there for whatever reason , then move . ”
At the moment , villagers in Tuluksak say their greatest hope is that Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez will come through again on his pledge to deliver free fuel to Native Americans -- a promise that could mean 100 gallons for many families .
“ What most people do not realize is that what our country as a whole has been seeing for the past year or so is nothing compared to the economic conditions that have been prevailing in many of our Native communities for over 100 years , ” Sen. Lisa Murkowski ( R - Alaska ) told the Senate Committee on Indian Affairs on Jan. 15 .
Advertisement
“ It is truly tragic , ” she said , “ that Alaska Native villages must depend on Venezuela for their safety net . ”
There is talk of distributing state - funded fuel vouchers to ease the crisis until spring .
But Tuluksak residents say no one is expecting much from Juneau .
“ Two governors ago , we were promised no more honey buckets in the villages .
And yet you see we still have the honey buckets , ” said Gregory , referring to the portable toilets that are a pungent feature everywhere in Tuluksak except the school .
“ Sarah Palin got us the fuel rebate , but she never promised anything , ” Samson said .
“ Which I guess is to her credit . ”
Advertisement
Wassilie was making her way to the village post office the other day -- her slight , shuffling figure smothered in a dark parka , moving like a blackbird on the snow .
Asked why she had waited so long to seek help , she shrugged , and smiled , and blinked , and did n’t answer at all .
Tucker says he ’s seen the same thing all over .
Shame .
Pride .
Silence .
“ You would think a Yupik village like this would be aware of its neighbors ’ needs , but we were n’t , because people were so shy and quiet , ” he said .
“ They were suffering alone .
Like one of them said during our testimonials with the state officials , ‘ I thought I was the only one . ’ ”
Advertisement
--
kim.murphy@latimes.com
It was the physicist Eugene Wigner who discussed the “ unreasonable effectiveness of mathematics ” in a now famous paper that examined the profound link between mathematics and physics .
Today , Anton Zeilinger and pals at the University of Vienna in Austria reveal this link at its deepest .
Their experiment involves the issue of mathematical decidability .
First , some background about axioms and propositions .
The group explains that any formal logical system must be based on axioms , which are propositions that are defined to be true .
A proposition is logically independent from a given set of axioms if it can neither be proved nor disproved from the axioms .
They then move on to the notion of undecidability .
Mathematically undecidable propositions contain entirely new information which cannot be reduced to the information in the axioms .
And given a set of axioms that contains a certain amount of information , it is impossible to deduce the truth value of a proposition which , together with the axioms , contains more information than the set of axioms itself .
These notions gave Zeilinger and co an idea .
Why not encode a set of axioms as quantum states .
A particular measurement on this system can then be thought of as a proposition .
The researchers say that whenever a proposition is undecidable , the measurement should give a random result .
They ’ve even tested the idea and say they ’ve shown the undecidability of certain propositions because they generate random results .
Good stuff and it raises some interesting issues .
Let ’s leave aside the problem of determining whether the result of particular measurement is truly random or not and take at face value the groups claim that “ this sheds new light on the ( mathematical ) origin of quantum randomness in these measurements ” .
There ’s no question that what Zeilinger and co have done is fascinating and important .
But is n’t the fact that a quantum system behaves in a logically consistent way exactly what you ’d expect ?
And if so , is it reasonable to decide that , far from being fantastically profound , Zeilinger ’s experiment is actually utterly trivial ?
Ref : http://arxiv.org/abs/0811.4542: Mathematical Undecidability and Quantum Randomness
More than 30 unmarked graves are to be excavated at a Florida reform school where former students allege that children were routinely tortured and murdered by staff up to half a century ago .
Authorities are likely to find " crushed skulls and broken bones " in the graves , according to a group of men who claim that beatings and abuse were commonplace at the school in the 1950s and 60s , and that boys suddenly disappeared , victims of a brutal regime that was never held accountable for its crimes .
Charlie Crist , the state 's governor , has stepped into the scandal by ordering an investigation into the allegations made by four former pupils of the Florida Reform School for Boys in Marianna , an institution set up in 1900 and using fear and harsh discipline to control delinquent students .
He said he wanted to know if there were bones in the 32 shallow graves , which contain no names , dates or other details and have only crosses made of white metal piping to identify them .
" If there 's an opportunity to find out exactly what happened there , to be able to verify if there were these kinds of horrible atrocities , we have a duty to do so , " said Crist , who ordered the Florida Department of Law Enforcement to investigate .
" Justice always cries out for a conclusion . "
The allegations were made by four former students who call themselves the White House Boys , after the nickname of the school 's punishment block .
They went public after meeting on an internet blog and exchanging emails about their experiences , which they say included severe beatings and racial abuse .
" The staff were so brutal that even the slightest frown on your face , or the slightest word out of context , could cause you to be sent to the White House and be viciously beaten to the point that you would become unconscious and bleed profusely down your legs and back , " Bryant Middleton , 63 , said .
The men accept that the staff at the time are almost certainly dead but said it was important for the public to know what went on .
The publicity prompted other former students to come forward .
“ Redirected walking allows users to walk through large - scale immersive Virtual Environments ( IVEs ) while physically remaining in a reasonable small workspace . ”
I have already talked a bit about this technique that I discovered back at 3DUI 2008 but which was introduced by UNC Chapel Hill .
The principle is quite simple : suppose you have a virtual world potentially infinite , and you want to physically walk this world ( with a HMD for example ) .
If you directly apply your real movements to your virtual self , you ’ll run into the walls of your small room quite soon .
What ’s nice about VR is that it allows you to fool your senses .
You ’re already fooling your visual sense with incredible graphics ( tell me you ’re not using a 3DFX anymore ! ) , so why not cheat your sense of movement , which relies a lot on visual cues ?
So instead of having a 1:1 mapping from real to virtual , we could modify the translation and rotation speed applied to the avatar .
For example , a rotation of the user of 90° would result in a rotation of 100° or 80° in the VE .
Same for translation , 1 m in reality could result in 1.2 m or 0.8 m in the VE .
What ’s more is that the opposite is also possible : suppose you walk in a straight line in the VE , we could have you walk along a curve in reality !
At VRST 2008 , Frank Steinicke from the Muenster University and David Engel from the Max Planck Institute of Tuebingen each presented a paper on this topic at VRST 2008 : “ Analyses of Human Sensitity to Redirected Walking ” and “ A Psychophysically calibrated controller for navigating through large environments in a limited free - walking space “ .
Dr Steinicke ’s presentation ’s focus was on the evaluation of the limits of redirected walking , whereas M. Engel ’s work is about how to dynamically change the gains of translation and rotation to fit the user ’s path in a known environment .
I ’ve asked them both a few questions about their work :
> What ’s your background , interests and goals with this work ?
Frank Steinicke :
My research interests include human - computer interaction with special consideration on VR , perception and cognition in computer generated environments and visualizations .
The goal of this project is to provide intuitive interfaces for exploring VEs .
As a matter of fact the most natural way of locomotion in the real world is walking .
So , from a computer graphics perspective I am very interested in the question how real walking through CG environments can be realized if only a limited laboratory environments is available .
I ’m fascinated by the psychophysical phenomena , which allow to trick users , for example , in such a way that they unknowingly move on a path in the real world that differs from the path they perceive in the VE .
Of course , we want to know how much we can trick users without them noticing discrepancies .
David Engel : I ’ve studied computer science in Tübingen and one of my main interest always has been virtual environments .
I first came in contact with redirected walking during a presentation at APGV 2007 .
I found the idea of being able to explore infinite virtual worlds , like in the Holodeck from Star Trek , very compelling . >
Where does this idea comes from ?
Frank : Redirected walking ( RDW ) techniques have been used for a few years now .
The main idea of redirected walking has been introduced by Sharif Razzaque et al. from the UNC at Chapel Hill .
RDW is based on the fact that the visual sense dominates proprioceptive and vestibular senses .
This has been shown much earlier , for example , by Alain Berthoz ( who gave the keynote talk at VRST ) .
David :
The idea to determine the redirection factors dynamically , emerged from the problems I encountered during my early implementations of redirected walking .
As soon as the paths through the virtual environments got longer the errors in the predicted positions accumulated to a point where the users kept running into the walls .
>
What are , for you , the most interesting conclusions of your paper ?
Frank :
We have identified detection thresholds up to which humans can be redirected in such a way that they do not perceive any discrepancies .
For example , we know that we can guide them on a circle with a radius of approximately 23 meters , while they believe that they walk straight in the VE .
This guidance approach can be realized by injecting small rotations to one side , which enforce users to unknowingly walk on a circular arc in the opposite direction .
Until now , we have only considered basic walking techniques such as forward movements and rotations .
I think these concepts can be adapted to any kind of motion , such as walking on slopes and strafe otions .
Furthermore , we have not addressed adaptation , which involves the question how far humans might adapt to redirected walking .
Such adaptation has been considered before , for example , with left–right reversed vision , but not in the context of VR - based environments .
David :
With a dynamic optimization approach based on the minimization of a cost function we gain a large amount of robustness against deviations from the predefined path and can introduce much flexibility into the redirected walking approach .
By adjusting the terms of the cost function we can adapt to new boundary conditions such as the current users sensitivity profile to redirection factors , route choices and multiple users .
On the psychophysical side our next step will be to evaluate the user performance in navigation tasks when redirection techniques are applied .
On the technical side we plan to support a more natural exploration of the virtual environment by allowing more complex and branching paths . >
To what extent do you think we will be able to fool the body by taking advantage of its perception limitations ?
( including other senses than proprioception ) Frank :
The same concepts can be applied , for instance , for haptic feedback .
Anatole Lecuyer from INRIA has shown that haptic feedback can be induced by visual stimuli , and Luv Kohli has examined how much the haptic feedback may vary from the visual stimuli .
Another topic might be the question in how far time can be compressed or stretched in the virtual world and how the perception of time can be changed .
David :
The sensitivity of the perceptual system to sensory conflicts seems to depend largely on the amount of congruency between the modalities ( e.g. if auditory cues are collocated with the real or virtual world ) and the attention given to the different modalities .
The extent to which the perception can be fooled might therefore be very task - dependent .
In short term the usage of congruent multi-modal input and distractor tasks should allow for a much wider range in which the user can be fooled .
In the long term redirected walking techniques could become more sophisticated by taking into account the sensitivities of the user to cue conflicts at different points during the gait cycle .
Combining such ideas we should be able to overcome the spatial limitations of the available facilities .
Thank you both for your time and interesting work !
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Turkey 's PM has received a hero 's welcome on his return to Istanbul after he stormed out of a debate about Gaza at the World Economic Forum in Davos .
Recep Tayyip Erdogan had reacted angrily when he was refused the chance to respond to Israeli President Shimon Peres ' defence of the operation Thousands of people turned out in the city to greet Mr Erdogan 's plane .
He told them Mr Peres ' language and tone had been unacceptable , so he acted to stand up for Turkish honour .
" I only know that I have to protect the honour of Turkey and Turkish people , " said Mr Erdogan .
" I am not a chief of a tribe .
I am the prime minister of Turkey .
I have to do what I have to do . "
The BBC's Sarah Rainsford in Istanbul said there had been huge anger in Turkey at Israel 's operation in Gaza and there now appears to be widespread support for Mr Erdogan 's actions in Davos .
This showed that Turks are standing on their feet in Europe , in the world
Mustafa Mastar , Istanbul resident
Turkey rallies to Gaza 's plight Huge crowds were waiting at Istanbul airport in the early hours of the morning , with many people waving Turkish and Palestinian flags .
Correspondents said the crowds were shouting " Turkey is with you , " and that some were holding signs greeting Mr Erdogan as " a new world leader " .
" In Davos , all the world witnessed what has not been happening for many years , " said Istanbul resident Mustafa Mastar .
" This showed the power of Turks .
It showed that Turks are standing on their feet in Europe , in the world . "
" Tonight I was really proud .
I feel really happy , " said Mustafa Sahin , another person in the crowd .
' Matter closed '
Crowds gathered at Istanbul airport to welcome Mr Erdogan During the debate on Thursday , Mr Erdogan had clashed with Mr Peres , whose voice had risen as he made an impassioned defence of Israel 's actions , jabbing his finger .
Mr Erdogan said Mr Peres had spoken so loudly to conceal his " guilt " .
He said many people had died in Gaza and he found it sad that anyone would applaud Mr Peres for defending Israel 's actions .
He then accused the moderator of not allowing him to speak and said he did not think he would return to Davos .
The Turkish PM stressed later that he had left the debate not because of his disagreements with Mr Peres but because he had been given much less time to speak than the Israeli leader .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Turkey is one of the few Muslim countries to have dealings with Israel , but relations have been under strain since the Islamist - rooted AK Party was elected to power in 2002 .
But Mr Erdogan stressed to the crowds in Istanbul that " our hard words are not directed towards the people of Israel , not directed at the Jews , but they are totally directed towards the government of Israel " .
He said no decision on Turkish - Israeli relations would be made " driven by momentary anger on such issues " .
More than 1,300 Palestinians and 14 Israelis were killed during the three - week conflict in Gaza , which began on 27 December .
Thank you for all your comments on this issue - we 're unable to publish them all but here is a broad cross-section of some of the remarks you 've sent us .
I watched the debate myself .
I have to say the moderation was poor , and it was true that Erdogan was not given the chance to respond .
Moreover moderator behaved inapproriately towards the prime minister .
Erdogan did the right thing
Genc , Istanbul
It is interesting that the Turkish Prime Minister is so concerned for human rights of the Palestinians and yet look at what Turkey does to the Kurds .
And let 's not get started on the Armenians .
Michael Julian , London
This has been another clear example of Erdogan 's hypocrisy .
It was only last year when Erdogan was welcoming Omar al - Bashir , Sudan 's president to Istanbul who has been accused of genocide , crimes against humanity and war crimes in Darfur .
If you disagree with killing of innocent people it should be on all grounds , not only for certain groups .
Engin Turan , London , UK First and foremost , I do not support Israel 's actions in Gaza , nor should any sane human being .
I think the Turkish Prime Minister 's action and his comments are commendable to say the least .
I have never respected any Prime Minister or leader as much as I now respect him .
He has proven that world leaders can defend justice .
His people 's welcome is a God given sign of God ' blessing of his action .
Tina Saad , Al - Ain , UAE
Why should Erdogan be " hailed " ?
His actions showed an immaturity and a lack of ability to convey his thoughts .
This is not the leadership qualities one would expect from a person in his position .
Sam , USA Erdogan is certainly not regarded as a hero in Turkey .
It 's true that for some Turks , the Palestine - Israel conflict is almost like a matter of pride , they always react more on this issue than say Muslims dying in Iraq or Sudan .
Erdogan just exploits these feelings before the elections .
This is a guy who says " rage is a type of rhetoric " and insults everyone from farmers to ambassadors in Turkey too .
USA and EU supported him so far , in the benefit of their companies exploiting resources of Turkey .
To me , this is a story of Erdogans hypocrisy against the Western hypocrisy in the Middle East .
Ozge , Lancaster I believe it is unfair that the Moderator did n't give Turkey PM enough time to respond to President Peres 's speech .
The Washington Post Moderator reason came out as though Dinner is much more important than what these people are in Davos for .
Is it really Dinner that these Politicians , World Leaders and Business Leaders fly to Davos for every year ?
Someone has to explain this to the rest of the world .
These people care less about the real world problems and a lot more about their stomach and face time .
This is quite sad .
No wonder we have so many problems in the world .
Talking through tough issues , and finding friendly ways to solving them take the back seat .
Dinner takes the front seat .
It is really , really sad .
- Ed , SF , USA
One of the fundamental principles of debate is that both sides get a fair chance to present their arguments .
Too often the media ( including the BBC ) fail in this when it comes to the Palestinian / Israeli issues .
Erdogan did the right thing and I hope this highlights the lack of impartialty on their part due to the overbearing influence of Israel over the media .
Irshad Akhtar , London , UK I support Israel now more than ever .
The Israeli Government has the right to defend its people .
Eduardo Silva , Belo Horizonte - Brazil
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Gee thanks , Susan .
Political pundit Susan Estrich has launched a venomous campaign ( links here and here and here ) against the Los Angeles Times ’s op - ed editor , Michael Kinsley , for alleged discrimination against female writers .
As it happens , I have published in the Los Angeles Times op - ed pages over the years , without worrying too much about whether I was merely filling a gender quota .
Now , however , if I appear in the Times again , I will assume that my sex characteristics , rather than my ideas , got me accepted .
Estrich ’s insane ravings against the Times cap a month that left one wondering whether the entry of women into the intellectual and political arena has been an unqualified boon .
In January , nearly the entire female professoriate at Harvard ( and many of their feminized male colleagues ) rose up in outrage at the mere suggestion of an open discussion about a scientific hypothesis .
That hypothesis , of course , concerned the possibly unequal distribution of cognitive skills across the male and female populations .
Harvard President Larry Summers had had the temerity to suggest that the continuing preponderance of men in scientific fields , despite decades of vigorous gender equity initiatives in schools and universities , may reflect something other than sexism .
It might reflect the fact , Summers hypothesized , that the male population has a higher percentage of mathematical geniuses ( and mathematical dolts ) than the female population , in which mathematical reasoning skills may be more evenly distributed .
A feminist gadfly in the audience , MIT biology professor Nancy Hopkins , infamously reported that she avoided fainting or vomiting at Summers ’s remarks only by running from the room .
And with that remarkable expression of science - phobia , a great feminist vendetta was launched .
It has reduced Summers to a toadying appeaser who has promised to atone for his sins with ever more unforgiving diversity initiatives ( read : gender quotas ) in the sciences .
But the damage will not be limited to Harvard .
Summers ’s scourging means that , from now on , no one in power will stray from official propaganda to explain why women are not proportionally represented in every profession .
The Harvard rationality rout was a mere warm - up , however , to the spectacle unfolding in Los Angeles , brought to light by the upstart newspaper , the D.C. Examiner .
USC law professor , Fox News commentator , and former Dukakis presidential campaign chairman Susan Estrich has come out as a snarling bitch in response to L.A. Times ’s editor Michael Kinsley ’s unwillingness to be blackmailed .
Estrich had demanded that Kinsley run a manifesto signed by several dozen women preposterously accusing him of refusing to publish females .
When Kinsley declined , while offering Estrich the opportunity to write a critique of the Times in a few weeks , Estrich sunk to the lowest rung imaginable : playing Kinsley ’s struggle with Parkinson ’s disease against him .
Said Estrich :
Your refusal to bend to my demands “ underscores the question I 've been asked repeatedly in recent days , and that does worry me , and should worry you : people are beginning to think that your illness may have affected your brain , your judgment , and your ability to do this job . ”
It is curious how feminists , when crossed , turn into shrill , hysterical harpies — or , in the case of MIT ’s Nancy Hopkins , delicate flowers who collapse at the slightest provocation — precisely the images of women that they claim patriarchal sexists have fabricated to keep them down .
Actually , Estrich ’s hissy fit is more histrionic than anything the most bitter misogynist could come up with on his own .
Witness her faux remorse at engaging in blackmail : “ I really do hate to be doing this .
I counted e-mail after e-mail that I sent and was totally ignored .
I ca n’t tell you how much I wanted to help quietly .
If this is what it takes , so be it . ”
Witness too her self - pitying amour propre : “ You owe me an apology .
NO one tried harder to educate you about Los Angeles , introduce you to key players in the city , bring to your attention , quietly , the issues of gender inequality than I did — and you have the arrogance and audacity to say that you could n’t be bothered reading my emails . ”
Add to that her petty insults : “ if you prefer me to conduct this discussion outside your pages . . . that makes you look even more afraid and more foolish . ”
And finally , mix in shameless self - promotion : “ I hope [ this current crusade is ] a lesson in how you can make change happen if you ’re willing to stand up to people who call you names , and reach out to other women , and not get scared and back down .
If you recall , I wrote a book about that , called Sex and Power .
It ’s what I have spent my whole life doing . ”
Selective quotation cannot do justice to Estrich ’s rants .
But their underlying substance is as irrational as their tone .
Estrich lodges the standard charge in all fake discrimination charges : the absence of proportional representation in any field is conclusive proof of bias .
Determining the supply of qualified candidates is wholly unnecessary .
For the last three years , Estrich ’s female law students at USC have been counting the number of female writers on the Los Angeles Times op - ed pages ( and she complains that there are n’t more female policy writers ?
Suggestion to Estrich : how about having your students master a subject rather than count beans . ) .
She provides only selective tallies of the results : “ TWENTY FOUR MEN AND ONE WOMAN IN A THREE DAY PERIOD [ caps in original ] ” ( she does not explain how she chose that three - day period or whether it was representative ) ; “ THIRTEEN MEN AND NO WOMEN ” as authors of pieces on Iraq .
Several questions present themselves : how many pieces by women that met the Times ’s standards were offered during these periods ?
What is the ratio of men to women among experts on Iraq ?
Estrich never bothers to ask these questions , because for the radical feminist , being a woman is qualification enough for any topic .
Any female is qualified to write on Iraq , for example , because in so doing , she is providing THE FEMALE PERSPECTIVE .
( This belief in the essential difference between male and female “ voices , ” of course , utterly contradicts the premise of the anti-Larry Summers crusade . )
Thus , to buttress her claim that Kinsley “ refuses ” to publish women , Estrich merely provides a few examples of women whose offerings have been rejected : “ Carla Sanger . . . tells me she can't get a piece in ; I have women writing to me who have submitted four piece [ sic ] and not gotten the courtesy of a call — and they teach gender studies at UCLA .
. . . ”
It goes without saying , without further examination , that each of those writers deserved to be published — especially , for heaven ’s sakes , the gender studies professors !
Self - centered ?
Thin -skinned ?
Takes things personally ?
Misogynist tropes that sum up Estrich to a T .
It is the fate of probably 98 percent of all op - ed hopefuls to have their work silently rejected , without the “ courtesy of a call . ”
But when a woman experiences the silent treatment , it ’s because of sexism .
Similarly , it is the fate of most e-mail correspondence to editors to be ignored .
But when Estrich ’s e-mails are ignored ( “ I sent e-mails to my old friends at the Times .
Neither time did they even bother to respond . ” ) , it ’s because the editor is a chauvinist pig .
The assumption that being female obviates the need for any further examination into one ’s qualifications allows Estrich to sidestep the most fundamental question raised by her crusade :
Why should anyone care what the proportion of female writers is on an op - ed page ?
If an analysis is strong , it should make no difference what its author ’s sex is .
But for Estrich , it is an article of faith that female representation matters : “ What could be more important — or easier for that matter — than ensuring that women 's voices are heard in public discourse in our community ? ”
Her embedded question — “ or easier for that matter ? ” — is quickly answered .
She is right : Nothing is easier than ensuring that “ women ’s voices ” are heard ; simply set up a quota and publish whatever comes across your desk .
But as for why it is of paramount importance to get the “ women ’s ” perspective on farm subsidies or OPEC price manipulations , Estrich does not say .
She provides a clue to her thinking , however .
For Estrich , apparently , having a “ woman ’s voice ” means being left - wing .
She blasts the Times for publishing an article by Charlotte Allen on the decline of female public intellectuals such as Susan Sontag .
Allen had argued that too many women writers today specialize in being female , rather than addressing the broader range of issues covered by their male counterparts .
For Estrich , this argument performs a magical sex change on Allen , turning her into a male .
After sneering at Allen ’s article and her affiliation with the “ Independent Women 's Forum which is a group of right - wing women who exist to get on TV , ” Estrich concludes : “ the voices of women . . . are [ not ] found within a thousand miles ” of the Los Angeles Times .
In other words , Allen ’s is not a “ voice of a woman ” because she criticizes radical feminism .
Estrich does not disclose if she conducted this sex change operation on all conservative women when compiling her phony statistics on the proportion of female writers on the op - ed page .
“ Women ’s liberation , ” for the radical feminists , means liberation to think like a robot , mindlessly following the dictates of the victimologists .
But if all bona fide women think alike , then publishing one female writer every year or so should suffice , since we know in advance what she will say .
Depressingly , Estrich ’s crusade , no matter how bogus , will undoubtedly bear fruit .
Anyone in a position of power today , facing accusations of bias and the knowledge that people are using crude numerical measures to prove his bias , will inevitably start counting beans himself , whether consciously or not .
Michael Kinsley could reassure every female writer out there that Estrich has not cowed him by publishing only men for the next six months .
It would be an impressive rebuff to Estrich ’s blackmail .
I ’ll happily forgo the opportunity to appear in the Times for a while in order to get my pride back .
UPDATE : White House Christmas tree wo n't feature ' impeach Bush ' message RAW STORY
Published : Tuesday December 2 , 2008
Print This Email This The White House has been loathe to discuss any attempts by lefty members of Congress to impeach President Bush , but the final Christmas tree erected during the Bush administration will feature a pro-impeachment message .
The Washington Post 's Reliable Source gossip column reported that a Seattle artist submitted an ornament design celebrating Rep. Jim McDermott 's support for impeachment .
The globes ( to be unveiled by the first lady on Wednesday ) are supposed to showcase something special about each congressional district .
Washington State 's Rep. Jim McDermott contacted a local arts organization , which asked Lawrence , a collage artist , to create the local entry .
" I was at first nauseated , then realized it was an opportunity , " said [ Deborah ] Lawrence , 55 , who frequently combines politics and satire in her work and saw this as the perfect way " to highlight Jim McDermott because he 's a hero of mine . "
The nine - inch ball is covered with swirly red and white stripes -- and , in tiny glued - on text , salutes the Democratic congressman 's support for a resolution to impeach President Bush .
( Also showcased : Washington state 's 1919 labor strike , its suffrage movement and the violent anti-World Trade Organization riots of 1999 . )
Lawrence sent it off to D.C. in September and was very surprised it was accepted for the tree -- and that she was invited to this afternoon 's White House reception for the artists , which she flew to D.C. to attend .
" Apparently , they did n't read it -- or Laura Bush is more progressive than I believed , " Lawrence told us .
A White House spokesperson originally told the Washington Post that the ornament would not be removed , condemning the " divisive and partisan " message as inappropriate for the tree .
Sally McDonough , spokesperson for the First Lady , followed up and informed the Post that the ornament would not be hung : " We reviewed the ornament along with all the [ other ] ornaments , and Mrs. Bush deemed it inappropriate for the holiday tree . "
( CNN ) --
It was a night for underdogs at the Golden Globes -- and a particularly rich one for the biggest underdog of them all , " Slumdog Millionaire . "
Dev Patel and Freida Pinto star in " Slumdog Millionaire , " which was named best drama at the Golden Globes .
more photos »
The modestly budgeted movie -- about a poverty - raised orphan in Mumbai who goes on the Indian version of " Who Wants to Be a Millionaire " -- won awards for best drama , best director ( Danny Boyle ) , best screenplay ( Simon Beaufoy ) and best original score ( A.R. Rahman ) .
The victories were all the more astonishing given the film 's unlikely production history , which included cobbling together a $ 15 million budget , shooting on the streets of Mumbai and then struggling for distribution .
The film 's principals , including Boyle and Beaufoy , were thankful for the support of the Hollywood Foreign Press Association , which presents the Globes .
" Your mad , pulsating affection for our film is much appreciated , " said Boyle .
Watch stars on the red carpet »
" We really were n't expecting to be here in America at all at one time , so it 's just amazing to be here , " said Beaufoy .
With the film 's victories at the Critics ' Choice Awards last week , it must be considered the front - runner in the Academy Awards ' best picture race .
The Academy Award nominations will be announced Thursday , January 22 .
iReport.com : Sound off on awards season
Another underdog , actor Mickey Rourke , won best actor in a drama for his performance in " The Wrestler . "
Rourke , who described himself as " almost out of the business " not so long ago , gave credit to his agent for backing him and " Wrestler " director Darren Aronofsky for sticking with him when the film had trouble finding funding .
" The Wrestler " also won a Globe for its theme song , written and sung by Bruce Springsteen .
Watch Golden Globe highlights »
Kate Winslet was n't considered quite as much an underdog , but she still outdid the odds by winning both categories for which she was nominated : best actress in a drama ( for " Revolutionary Road " ) and best supporting actress ( for " The Reader " ) .
Gallery : Winners at the Globes »
Perhaps she surprised herself most of all .
After winning best supporting actress -- the first award of the evening -- she asked the audience , " You have to forgive me , because I have a habit of not winning things . "
After the best actress win , she took the stage in a mild state of shock .
" I 'm so sorry !
Anne , Meryl , Kristin -- oh , God , who 's the other one ?
-- Angelina , " she said , referring to fellow nominees Anne Hathaway , Meryl Streep , Kristin Scott Thomas and Angelina Jolie .
Not long after , being told to wrap it up , she said , " You have no idea how much I 'm not wrapping up , " before emotionally thanking a variety of people , including co-star Leonardo DiCaprio and husband Sam Mendes , " Road 's " director .
See the list of Globe winners , nominees
Another win was expected , if tinged with tragedy .
The late Heath Ledger won the Golden Globe for best supporting actor for his performance as the Joker in " The Dark Knight . "
" All of us who worked with Heath on ' The Dark Knight ' accept with an awful mixture of sadness but incredible pride , " said director Christopher Nolan .
" For any of us lucky enough to work with him , he will be eternally missed , but he will never be forgotten . "
Ledger died almost a year ago of an accidental prescription drug overdose .
Ledger 's performance was widely praised and he is considered the front - runner for an Academy Award for supporting actor .
He was 28 when he died on January 22 , 2008 .
Oscar nominations will be announced on the first anniversary of his death .
Before the show , " Knight " co-star Aaron Eckhart told CNN , " I 'm considering it his night tonight . "
The Globes also honor TV programs , and in the television categories there were few surprises .
HBO 's miniseries " John Adams , " which dominated the Emmy Awards in September with 13 trophies , won four Globes : best actor ( Paul Giamatti ) , best actress ( Laura Linney ) , best supporting actor ( Tom Wilkinson ) and best TV movie or miniseries .
" Mad Men " won best TV drama , as it did at the Emmys , and " 30 Rock , " another Emmy winner , won best comedy TV series .
Though star Tina Fey was announced as the person to accept that award , she let co-star Tracy Morgan have the microphone .
" Tina Fey and I had an agreement that if Barack Obama won , I 'd be accepting the awards from now on , " he said .
Fey later won for best TV comedy actress , joining her co-star Alec Baldwin ( best TV comedy actor ) as Globe winners .
The Israeli film " Waltz With Bashir " won best foreign - language film .
In his speech , director Ari Folman expressed hope for peace in the Middle East .
Noting the " eight beautiful production babies " born during the show 's four - year creation , he said he hopes the children can see the film when they get older , and " I hope it looks like an ancient video game that has nothing to do with their lives whatsoever . "
Other Globe winners included Sally Hawkins , who won best actress in a musical or comedy for her performance in " Happy - Go - Lucky " ; Colin Farrell , who took home best actor in a comedy or musical for " In Bruges " ; " Vicky Cristina Barcelona , " Woody Allen 's latest , which won best comedy or musical ; and " WALL - E , " which won best animated film .
For those casting metaphorical grass blades into the breeze to see which way the Oscar winds are blowing , the " Globes " may have created front - runners in some races , confusion in others .
Anne Hathaway had won a few honors for " Rachel Getting Married , " but Winslet 's win over her at the Globes creates a tighter contest for best actress .
Rourke 's victory is a feel - good story for an actor many had written off , but he may have to face Frank Langella ( Richard Nixon in " Frost / Nixon " ) , Sean Penn ( a highly praised Harvey Milk in " Milk " ) and Leonardo DiCaprio ( Winslet 's " Revolutionary Road " husband ) for best actor .
" Milk , " in particular , received short shrift from the HFPA ; the Motion Picture Academy is expected to be kinder .
The Globes ' loose atmosphere -- a trademark of the event , which features an open bar and celebrities sitting at large tables -- was evident from the beginning .
Jennifer Lopez , noticing a distinct rumble of chatter as she attempted to begin the show , demanded quiet with " Hello ! Hello !
Mama talkin' ! "
Later , Tom Wilkinson , having won a supporting actor honor for his performance in the miniseries " John Adams , " forgot the last name of a person he wanted to thank .
There were even a couple of TV no -nos on the live broadcast : " Wrestler " director Aronofsky humorously flashed Rourke a middle finger as Rourke talked about how hard Aronofsky worked the cast , and one of the " Slumdog " producers uttered the F - word upon seeing he was being rushed through his speech .
It was the kind of party people have come to expect from the Globes , a show in which Jack Nicholson once bared his backside and Christine Lahti once was engaged in the ladies ' room upon being named a winner .
And , if throwing a glamorous party in these nervous , market - plunging times seems a little unusual , it 's also something Tinseltown does well -- and that people are expecting , participants said before the broadcast .
" I think these things are entertainment , " Mendes told CNN .
" This is people 's escapism .
... I think in that respect they should be embraced . "
All About Heath Ledger • Golden Globes • Meryl Streep
Scott Ruffalo
Shot in the Head
Scott Ruffalo , wife Lulu and brother Mark Ruffalo
, brother of 13 Going on 30 actor , was shot in the head at his Beverly Hills condominium early Monday morning , and is currently in serious condition at a Los Angeles hospital .
The shooting occurred around 1:40 a.m. at the building where Scott Ruffalo lived on North Palm Drive .
Police confirmed the shooting , but would not say who was involved , according to People magazine .
An investigation is being conducted into the shooting .
Scott , 39 , is a hairdresser who has worked in Santa Monica and Beverly Hills .
He was born in Kenosha , Wisconsin and has held his California cosmetology license since 1991 .
He is married to Luzelena Ruffalo ( Lulu ) and the couple have a stepdaughter , Lucinda .
The Chromium folk have published a document detailing information about the long awaited ability to extend Chrome with user selected Extensions / Addons like FireFox .
This is excellent news , feedback here at ChromePlugins.org points to many people not adopting Chrome as their default browser due to the lack of functionality .
Also over 50,000 people have hit our Google Toolbar for Chrome page which enables people to replicate the Google Toolbar and many features of SEOQuake , a popular FireFox addon for web site owners which shows a “ Google Baked ” solution is needed .
The Chromium document went on to state :
“ Chromium ca n’t be everything to all people .
People use web browsers in a variety of environments and for a wide variety of jobs .
Personal tastes and needs vary widely from one user to the next .
The feature needs of one person often conflict directly with those of another .
Further , one of the design goals of Chromium is to have a minimal light - weight user interface , which itself conflicts with adding lots of features .
User - created extensions have been proposed to solve these problems : ”
The addition of features that have specific or limited appeal ( “ that would be great as an extension ” ) .
Users coming from other browsers who are used to certain extensions that they can’t live without .
Bundling partners who would like to add features to Chromium specific to their bundle .
A few points to note under the “ Goals ” section are as follows :
Web developers should be able to easily create Chromium extensions
Eventually , it should be possible to implement major chunks of Chromium itself as extensions .
We should not need to disable deployed extensions when we release new versions of Chromium .
Extensions should not be able to crash or hang the browser process .
We must be able to blacklist extensions across all Chromium installations
Extensions should work the same in Chromium as in Google Chrome .
One interesting point is Google being able to blacklist extensions across all installations , which indicates either the browser reporting it ’s exact configuration back to HQ or Google being able to push out blacklist data preventing the extension from running .
Also interesting is the ability to implement major chunks of Chrome as extensions themselves .
The following lists some types of extensions that Chrome / Chromium would like to eventually support :
Bookmarking / navigation tools : Delicious Toolbar , Stumbleupon , web - based history , new tab page clipboard accelerators
Content enhancements : Skype extension ( clickable phone numbers ) , RealPlayer extension ( save video ) , Autolink ( generic microformat data – addresses , phone numbers , etc. )
Content filtering : Adblock , Flashblock , Privacy control , Parental control
Download helpers : video helpers , download accelerators , DownThemAll , FlashGot
Features : ForecastFox , FoxyTunes , Web Of Trust , GooglePreview , BugMeNot
Yes you read correctly , Adblock which is something many people were concerned about with Google relying heavily on advertising revenue that Chrome would n’t allow / support this .
Fear no longer , it ’s on the drawing board ..
But will Google allow blocking of other ads , but “ nuke ” extensions that block Adsense ?
I do n’t think so , if someone goes out of their way to block ads with extensions there ’s a damn good chance they wo n’t click on them anyway so showing ads to these people will effectively just inflate impressions and skew stats .
They also go on to say “ Extensions will run in their own origin ” meaning in their own process and separate from web content .
This means installing , uninstalling or disabling extensions will not require a browser restart like the current FireFox system which is good news .
Also they state it will be a simple 2 click affair , one click to download the extension and one to confirm the install via a dialogue box .
Updates :
“ Similar to Google Chrome , it is important for security that extensions be able to silently update .
This should be a capability that is present for all extensions by default , not something the author has to plan for . ”
So given the fact extensions can be installed without a browser restart , it appears security updates will be done silently in the background .
Also due to the goal of Chrome version upgrades not impacting extensions , we should be virtually free of compatibility issues which leave us without our favorite extension while the author upgrades it .
So what ’s next in the evolution of Chrome and Extensions ?
“ Our first milestone will be to implement a functioning extension system that can support content scripts .
The majority of the work will be the infrastructure , including : ”
packaging and signing
installation
autoupdate
management and removal
blacklisting
web service
“ Once we have content scripts working , we can move on to additional types of extensibility like toolbars , sidebars , etc . ”
Considering the latest Chromium build has Greasemonkey implementation , the infrastructure points listed above are no doubt being fine tuned as we speak .
After that is polished , i’d say the next big step forwards will be Chrome users sporting a shiny new Google Toolbar .
See the Full Document
WASHINGTON -- President - elect Barack Obama is unlikely to radically overhaul controversial Bush administration intelligence policies , advisers say , an approach that is almost certain to create tension within the Democratic Party .
Civil - liberties groups were among those outraged that the White House sanctioned the use of harsh intelligence techniques -- which some consider torture -- by the Central Intelligence Agency , and expanded domestic spy powers .
These groups are demanding quick action to reverse these policies .
Mr. Obama is being advised largely by a group of intelligence professionals , including some who have supported Republicans , and centrist former officials in the Clinton administration .
They say he is likely to fill key intelligence posts with pragmatists .
" He 's going to take a very centrist approach to these issues , " said Roger Cressey , a former counterterrorism official in the Clinton and Bush administrations .
" Whenever an administration swings too far on the spectrum left or right , we end up getting ourselves in big trouble . "
On the campaign trail , Mr. Obama criticized many of President George W. Bush 's counterterrorism policies .
He condemned Mr. Bush for promoting " excessive secrecy , indefinite detention , warrantless wiretapping and ' enhanced interrogation techniques ' like simulated drowning that qualify as torture through any careful measure of the law or appeal to human decency . "
Sudden reappearance of Zambia ’s former spy chief raises suspicions
January 30 , 2009 by intelNews
By IAN ALLEN | intelNews.org |
Zambian Police have announced the capture of Xavier Chungu , the country ’s former spy chief , who had fled abroad in 2004 , escaping trial for embezzlement charges .
For nearly a decade , Chungu was the powerful Director of the Zambia Security Intelligence Service ( ZSIS ) .
In 2001 , following the regime change in Lusaka after the election to the Presidency of the late Levy Mwanawasa , Chungu was dismissed from his post .
He was then prosecuted for embezzling state funds and imprisoned for several months .
In 2004 , however , Chungu jumped bail and escaped to an unknown country ( purportedly Canada ) using a false passport .
A warrant for his arrest was issued by the Zambian Police as well as by Interpol .
Earlier last week , Xavier Chungu voluntarily surrendered himself to Zambian Police officers at Lusaka International Airport , after arriving there on a British Airways flight from South Africa .
The government ’s Task Force on Corruption has announced that Chungu will soon appear in court to answer charges of contempt and embezzlement of state property .
But some observers remain skeptical about Chungu ’s voluntary return , and speculate that the former spy chief decided to return to the country after striking a deal with government prosecutors .
The suspected deal is said to relate to the ongoing trial of Frederick Chiluba , Zambia ’s President from 1991 to 2001 .
In 2003 , Chiluba was charged along with and several of his former ministers and senior officials with 168 counts of theft of public funds totaling over $ 40 million .
Chungu , who is accused of being at the center of the embezzlement conspiracy , is thus said to have “ struck a deal that would see him being turned into a State witness ” .
An anonymous source told South Africa ’s Southern Times that he now “ doubt[s ] whether Chungu will be successfully prosecuted ” .
The chair of the Zambian government ’s Task Force on Corruption , Maxwell Nkole , said on Friday that “ whether Chungu becomes a state - witness or not is entirely up to the prosecution to determine ” .
One of the things that annoyed Israel about the second Lebanon war was that it ended prematurely – without a clean Israeli victory against Hezbollah .
The Jewish state considered that this , in part , was the result of a lily - livered international community balking at the sight of more than 1,000 civilian deaths – not to mention the devastation of Lebanese infrastructure – and deciding that enough was enough .
Consequently , one of the recommendations of an Israeli committee investigating the war was that Israel set up an information / propaganda coordination body , to keep those pesky liberals on message even when bloody images of the victims of Israeli assaults were relayed across world media .
Israel 's war on Gaza was the first time we saw the " hasbara " directive in action .
A body set up to spin ( or " explain " , if you like ) the country 's justifications for the war , it tightly coordinated key messages and worked on so many levels – mainstream media as well as diplomatic channels , friendship leagues , YouTube , Twitter and the blogosphere – that the effect was epidemic .
It got world media repeating the Israeli government 's core messages practically verbatim .
Those messages boil down to , and I 'm paraphrasing here : " Hamas is a vile terrorist group ; they started it , and you must support Israel 's defensive war because we 're civilised , just like you . "
For just one glimmer of the success rate , check how many of the US media talking heads collated by the Daily Show use the Israeli government 's own analogy to explain the assaults on Gaza .
Palestinians did n't stand a chance against such coordination .
Media monitors chastised the disproportionate use of Israel spokespeople over Palestinian ones in coverage of the assault .
Campaigners gloomily forwarded emails with the message : " What we 're up against . "
One email comprised a " language guide " issued by the Israel Project , advising supporters of how best to describe Hamas 's " Iran - backed war on Israel " .
Another came from ( or was forwarded by ) an Israeli overseas mission , urging supporters to vote in a German newspaper 's online poll on Gaza .
The email warned that the longer the conflict continued , " more people here will be overwhelmed with mercy for poor Hamasnikkim " .
( For more on this , see here . )
Indeed , that 's a core discussion within the Israeli media : how long have we got before the world forces us to stop ?
Reports , especially in the first week , comprised interviews with Israeli correspondents in Europe and the US commenting on how well the media had swallowed the Israeli message .
While Israeli PR is strong and strategic , Palestinian PR is hopeless .
The rift between the Palestinian Authority ( PA ) in the West Bank and the Hamas government in Gaza means that there are no clear messages and no real capacity to counter Israeli officials .
Mustafa Barghouti , an independent Palestinian MP and former information minister , holds this to be as a result of incompetence and a lack of political clarity .
He says that Hamas do n't know how to do media , while the PA " did not behave as it should , as a representative of all the Palestinian people .
Their messages were either absent , weak or delayed " .
He laments the continued split between Fatah and Hamas .
" They do n't realise that in such a moment of crisis when their people are being slaughtered , they have to rise above it . "
Palestinian commentators point to an obvious imbalance : Israel has barred foreign journalists from entering Gaza since the start of the war , effectively pulling the blinds over events within the strip .
But Palestinian analyst Ghassan Khatib says there is another factor at play in the overall media skew .
" Even if the Palestinian side came up with proper messages , Hamas has been successfully labelled by Israel as a terrorist group and is portrayed in the western media in a manner similar to al - Qaida , " he says .
As a result , western audiences are more prepared to sympathise with Israel – because it fits the " us or them " binary to which post 9/11 ears are attuned .
What all this shows us is how well Israel understands how western media works , how best to utilise its blind spots and prejudices .
Israel clearly has the vision , the networking capacity and the resources to use world media to full effect .
If I were the marketing manager of an ailing global product , I 'd be taking notes .
And we can only wonder what such talents could achieve if only the end goal were really peace , not war .
Scheme does n’t have a proper list type , in the same way that C does n’t have a proper string type .
In Scheme , a list is a chain of 2 - tuples ( “ pairs ” ) terminated by the empty list , which is a special type that says “ this is the end ” .
In C , a string is an array of characters terminated by the null character .
You get the idea .
As a result , just like you can create C strings that are not null - terminated , you can also create Scheme lists that are not terminated with the empty list .
These are called Improper Lists .
Since most Scheme code is designed to work with ( empty list - terminated ) proper lists , improper lists have always acted as little more than an annoyance to the programmer .
Their inconsistent link structure makes them impossible to use with many common list algorithms ( see SRFI - 1 for more details ) ; their unfortunate participation in Scheme syntax ( specifically , the declaration of variadic procedures ) requires that any Scheme reader / writer / compiler support two list syntaxes .
Today , improper lists have little utility .
In the early days of hardware their main advantage was a space saving of one pair per list , since they store the last two elements as ( y , z ) instead of ( y , *) -> ( z , empty list ) .
Today with modern hardware it seems that increasing the complexity of the compiler , reader , writer , and list algorithms only to save a pair per list just is n’t worth it .
So Bee no longer supports improper lists .
cons enforces that its second argument be a pair or the empty list , and lists are immutable anyway , so constructing improper lists is impossible .
Variadic functions can still be declared without problem because Scheme has other syntax for declaring variadic functions : ( lambda argv body ) , where argv is a list that contains the arguments at runtime .
Of course , this syntax is less sweet because it does n’t let you declare functions that take at least n arguments .
It can be re-sweetened by introducing some kind of macro that injects an assert that makes sure that the procedure is called with the correct number of arguments , a block that binds the first n elements of argv to the first n parameters , and finally the lambda body .
Good riddance .
Hurricane Gustav hits Cuba
Professor Fernando Martirena is from the Centre of Investigation into Structures and Materials ( CIDEM ) research institute at the University of Santa Clara , Cuba .
He visited Australia in November 2008 to speak at a number of meetings organised by the Australian Green Development Forum .
In 2007 , Martirena 's team won the World Habitat Award from the Building and Social Housing Foundation , an independent research organisation that promotes sustainable development and innovation in housing .
Trent Hawkins caught up with Martirena , to find out how the CIDEM is helping to build houses in Cuba using sustainable building materials .
The US economic blockade forced the Cuban government to rely almost entirely on the Soviet Union for trade .
With the fall of the Soviet Union , Cuba lost half its oil imports and much of its food imports leading to a major food crisis .
The economic crisis also had a major impact in areas such as housing and construction .
Eighty - six per cent of Cuba 's raw materials came from the USSR , and 80 % of its machinery .
Furthermore , construction was based on the large - scale mechanised production of prefabricated building materials that were driven long distances .
Before the Soviet Union ’s collapse , “ we had energy and access to credit ” , Martirena said .
“ Now we do n’t have energy and have run out of money , so we had to look for solutions .
Our solution was to make local development in a local context without dependence on external resources .
Martirena ’s research institute , which previously focused on things like satellite technology , redirected its work towards solving the immediate problems thrown up by the “ Special Period ” , as the period following the collapse of the Soviet Union is referred to .
CIDEM was able to develop a number of “ eco-materials ” for use in small - scale , local production of housing .
Eco-materials developed included a cement using a binder made from the ashes of sugar cane straw , called “ lime pozzalana cement ” , which only creates approximately half CO 2 emissions of normal cement production .
Also developed were light , but strong micro-concrete roofing tiles ; low - energy fired clay bricks using bio - waste products as fuel ; and laminated bamboo sheeting .
Martirena explained that the first key element in CIDEM ’s approach was in relation to ``embodied energy ' ’’ ( the energy required in production ) .
“ In the embodied energy , transportation plays a major role especially in Cuba .
Cuba is a very slender island , 1100 kilometres long and 60 kilometres wide , and sometimes the industrial centres are at the very tips of the island .
We might produce tiles in Santiago de Cuba and send them by road to far away , travelling something like 1000 kilometres .
“ So what we are doing is , first , keeping transport to a minimum , by working locally in a decentralised manner .
Second , which will become increasingly important in the near future , we are also encouraging the use of recycled waste in different ways .
So we try to recycle waste and by doing that , and this is the third point , we try to preserve the environment .
“ We preserve the environment by reducing CO2 emissions [ in production ] and also by preserving the forests ...
Basically our approach is bottom up .
Some 15 years ago we went into communities that needed building materials and had no other choices .
International donors , especially development agencies , were interested what we could develop in eco-materials .
So we experimented with technology , but at same time we were building houses and contributing to the communities .
“ Rather than creating a new bodies we rely on existing community structures and complement them by providing our technology .
We train people and they organise the production .
It 's a partnership with local governments because they do n’t have money to pay us , but they have access to resources .
So through the international donor community we get the funds to pay for machinery .
We set up a workshop in the area and the local government provides all the materials we need to produce . ’’
`` It is organised in a very decentralised way .
Each family has a contract with the municipalities ...
Because they do n't have much money , they need to get loans , so we work with banks and we teach them how to apply for a loan .
The loans have a very low interest rate , only 2 - 3 % a year .
With this credit they can build their houses . ”
Martirena explained that the scheme began in just four municipalities , and spread to 26 municipalities , but after the recent hurricanes which devastated parts of the island , around half of Cuba ’s 168 municipalities ``are looking to use our approach ” .
Martirena also discussed the expansion of organic urban agriculture in Cuba .
“ Rather than talking about housing , at the municipal level I like to talk about development .
And development integrates everything .
When you give someone a house , you have to give them a job , otherwise they will move from that place .
But you also have to secure food for them .
So organic agriculture is important .
It 's the same for health and education , everything is integrated .
In Cuba , we do n’t separate housing from the local development strategy in the municipalities .
We have a holistic approach for development .
This is why the municipalities are the core of our approach . ’’
Hurricanes
Martirena 's research team was called in to respond to the crisis caused by hurricanes Gustav , Ike and Paloma .
Thanks to Cuba 's renowned hurricane response system , only seven people died from the hurricanes .
However it has suffered $ 10 billion in damage and totally or partially destroyed more than a half a million homes .
Before the storms , there was already a housing deficit of 600,000 homes .
Martinera said the Cuban government has helped as best it can , but lacks the resources needed to properly rebuild .
“ It 's really complicated because , on the one side , it has to make decisions that bring quick results .
However the quick answers to the problem are n’t necessarily the best answers .
The government has distributed 2 million square metres of corrugated roof , the same type that was blown away during the hurricanes .
[ While it is solving the immediate problems ] with the next hurricane , you will have the same problem again . ’’
“ In Cuba we have to build houses that are hurricane safe , but again this is very complicated .
You have to have a very heavy roof that wo n't be blown away in a hurricane .
The only way to have a heavy roof is to have a flat slab , and a complete slab requires Portland cement , aggregate , steel , which is all very , very expensive .
When you are talking about the massive amount of housing Cuba requires , you would need three times the production capacity of Cuba to build them .
We have no way of meeting the cost . ’’
Martirena added that ``in the aftermath of disaster , you need urgent action .
There is a lot of chaos , people do n’t know what to do .
They are afraid , their houses collapsed , the whole system has collapsed , nothing works , there is no electricity , phones , nothing .
In the eight most effected municipalities , we set up fully operating workshops , in less than three weeks .
This was a record ...
Now the government has seen our scheme and now it has realised that it too can very quickly disseminate the technology across the country . ’’
Solidarity
Martirena described how the revolution in 1959 paved the way for the cooperation and solidarity that has enabled Cuba 's sustainable community - orientated approach .
“ You go to the hurricane - affected regions and witness people who have lost everything and you see them helping others .
This is a result of a society where you try not to see others as your enemy but as your friend .
It 's very beautiful ...
You can see this in Cuba , especially in the frightening situations when you have a natural disaster .
“ The goal and the dream of the Cuban Revolution was to create the so called new man , as Che Guevara said .
[ While we may have failed to create a `new man ’ ] we ... have been able to create a people that has far more solidarity than any other country in the world . ’’
``Contrary to what people say , our political system works .
People in Latin America may have the right to vote , they can go out into the streets and say ` I hate oppression ’ , but at the same time when they go to the hospital they have to pay , when they go to school they have to pay and they cannot afford to do that .
In Cuba you have free education , you have free health care , you have freedoms .
I 'm not a member of the Communist Party , I choose not to be and I do n’t have any hassles .
“ You cannot forget the US embargo , we are a besieged country and everything depends on how this can change in the future .
I hope that the new US government will listen to the many countries pushing for it to drop the embargo .
If this happens it would bring a tremendous change to the economy . ’’
Ms. Rhee , 38 , has convinced Washington that she means business since Mayor Adrian M. Fenty plucked her out of a nonprofit organization based in New York City , the New Teacher Project , and installed her in the chancellorship 17 months ago .
She has fired or forced out hundreds of central office employees , principals and paraprofessionals , as well as 216 teachers who lacked licenses , her aides said .
“ Fire all incompetent teachers — that makes a good sound bite , ” said George Parker , the president of the Washington Teachers ’ Union .
“ But remember that not only teachers are to blame for the problems in this district . ”
Mr. Parker cited a chaotic administration that has had seven superintendents in a decade and has paid little attention to problems like truancy and student discipline .
“ You ca n’t fire your way into a successful school system , ” he said .
Mr. Parker said he had kept an open mind about Ms. Rhee ’s proposals , which would raise star teachers ’ salaries to $ 130,000 , with bonuses , by 2010 , and the two went together before several mass gatherings of teachers in July to explain them .
But an August poll commissioned by the union found that teachers opposed Ms. Rhee ’s proposal by three to one .
In the interview , Ms. Rhee said the raises would be financed largely by foundations that had given her commitments of $ 75 million a year for five years , of which a “ significant portion ” would go for teacher compensation .
“ The foundations want to fund things that are innovative and will have national ramifications , ” she said .
Ms. Rhee has declined to name the foundations , however , raising worries among some teachers about the foundations ’ motives and about whether their commitments would remain solid if the nation ’s financial crisis were to be prolonged .
The talks have made little progress in recent weeks .
“ Students cannot wait for accountable teachers while adults argue , ” Ms. Rhee said on Oct. 2 , announcing that the district would seek to dismiss even tenured teachers deemed ineffective , partly by training principals to manage a little - used procedure that allows them to identify teachers for a 90 - day mandatory improvement plan .
Those who fail to demonstrate progress could face dismissal .
Using OCaml to visualize Radiohead 's HoC music video ( part 2 )
Posted in : ocaml , visualization , opengl
Camera Instructions
[ Translate from to ]
[ Rotate from to rotation_axis ]
[ Translate ... ; Rotate ... ]
type camera_op = | Translate of Gl .
point3 * Gl .
point3 | Rotate of float * float * Gl .
vect3
Transitions
type trans = Linear | Quart type ease = None | EaseOut | EaseIn | EaseInOut val linear : ' a -> ' a val quart : float -> float val ease_in : ( ' a -> ' b ) -> ' a -> ' b val ease_out : ( float -> float ) -> float -> float val ease_in_out : ( float -> float ) -> float -> float val get_transition : trans -> float -> float val get_ease : ease -> ( float -> float ) -> float -> float val get_animation : trans -> ease -> float -> float
type camera_op_list = ( camera_op list ) * float * ( trans * ease )
The Camera Model
class camera_model : object val mutable animations : camera_op list val mutable time : float val mutable total_frames : float val mutable transition : Transition .
trans * Transition .
ease method get_time : float method step : unit method draw : unit method translate : Gl . point3 -> Gl . point3 -> float -> unit method rotate : float -> float -> Gl . vect3 -> float -> unit method set_animations : camera_op list * float * ( trans * ease ) -> unit end
class camera_model = object ( self ) val mutable total_frames = 0 . val mutable time = 0 . val mutable transition = ( Linear , None ) val mutable animations = [ ] method get_time = time method set_animations ans = let ( x , y , z ) = ans in animations <- x ; total_frames <- y ; transition <- z ; time <- 0 . method step = if time < total_frames then time <- time +. 1 . method translate start last delta = let ( trans , ease ) = transition in let delta_val = Transition .
get_animation trans ease delta in let ( x , y , z ) = start in let ( x ' , y ' , z ' ) = last in let DVertex ( a , b , c , d ) = Interpolate .
cartesian ( DVertex ( x , y , z , 0 . ) ) ( DVertex ( x ' , y ' , z ' , 0 . ) ) delta_val in GlMat .
translate3 ( a , b , c ) method rotate start last vec delta = let ( trans , ease ) = transition in let delta_val = Transition .
get_animation trans ease delta in let ang = Interpolate .
cartesian_float start last delta_val in GlMat .
rotate3 ang vec method draw = let delta = time /. total_frames in List .
iter ( fun anim -> match anim with | Translate ( start , last ) -> self # translate start last delta | Rotate ( start , last , vec ) -> self # rotate start last vec delta ) animations end
Timeline
let timeline = object ( self ) val mutable frame = 0 . (* Starting frame number , camera_instructions *) val camera_timeline = [ ( 1 . , ( * camera_instructions *) ) ; ( 310 . , ( * camera_instructions *) ) ; ( 631 . , ( * camera_instructions *) ] method get_frame = frame method tick = frame <- frame +. 1 . ; self # update_camera ; method update_camera = try let camera_anim =
List .
assoc frame camera_timeline in cam # set_animations camera_anim ; with | Not_found -> ()
end
Download and Use
ocamlc - g str .
cma -
I + camlimages ci_core .
cma ci_jpeg .
cma ci_bmp .
cma - I + lablGL lablglut .
cma lablgl .
cma interpolate .
ml transition .
ml camera .
ml loader .
ml main .
ml - o main
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
This post is about performing advanced camera movement in OpenGL .
We 'll use the same Radiohead 's HoC dataset we used in the previous post .
Once again , the quality of the youtube video is pretty lame .
You can right click here and save link as ... to download a high quality version of the video ( ~100 MB ) .
Iyou to see the high quality video :) Camera movement is made of Translations and / or Rotations .
We want to provide our camera model with instructions of the type :
As the last example shows , multiple transformations can be done at the same time ( translations and rotations ) .
The definition for a transformation type is : A camera instruction is a list of these operations ( camera_op ) and a number specifying the number of frames this transformation should take ( i.e the duration of the transformation ) .
So , for example , this instruction : translates the camera from ( 100 , 100 , 100 ) to ( 0 , 0 , 0 ) in 300 frames , that is in 10 seconds ( at 30 frames per second ) .
Translation is done by simple interpolation .
The interpolation formula for translating fromtois something like this : within ( 0 , 1 ) .
It would be nice if camera movement , besides being linear , could also perform other advanced transitions , like the ones used in Fx. Transitions by Mootools .
Some of these transitions are : Quadratic , EaseIn , EaseOut , EaseInOut , Back , Sine , etc ...
These effects are achieved by applying functions to thevalue , changing the way it increases or descreases its value .
A possible interface for a Transition module is :
By usingwe can change the timing of our animation from this : into this :
Our camera instructions are then defined as : For example : A possible interface for the camera model is :
The camera_model instance variables contain the destructured camera_op_list type elements : animations , total_frames and transition .
We also provide individual methods for handling translations and rotations .
These methods simply compute a delta value , apply the interpolation and then call GlMat.translate3 or GlMat.rotate3 .
The 40 line implementation looks like this :
Now that we have our camera model , we need a " timeline " object that can pass intructions to the camera at different stages of the animation .
We define a class - less object timeline that holds a list of camera transformations to be executed at a specific frame of the animation :
This is all I 've done to handle camera movement .
I 'm not an advanced OpenGL / OCaml developer , so any comment / suggestion about my understanding of OCaml / OpenGL is very welcome .
You can download the source here .
You can compile the source with : Last part of this " trilogy " will be about particle transformations in OpenGL .
Hope you enjoyed it !
For $ 2 you can keep your beers cool and the third world can eat salad .
Anyone who ’s spent time traveling in the third world knows that one of the biggest obstacles to getting anything done are the power cuts .
Everything gets plunged into darkness , your email gets lost and unless the restaurant has a noisy generator , your banana milkshake aint coming any time soon .
Power cuts are also one of the reasons that it ’s easy to get sick in the third world .
Food warms up inside refrigerators and the bacteria starts to multiply .
By the time it ’s been cooled and warmed a dozen times you have enough dysentery pathogens to enable you to write a thesis on third world bathrooms .
So full respect to Mohammed Bah Abba , a Nigerian man who worked out how to produce a refrigerator for the poor of the world that costs only $ 2 .
The design is simplicity itself and makes you wonder why no one else thought of it before ; you put a clay pot inside another pot that ’s a little larger , fill the gap with sand and pour water on the sand twice a day .
You cover the pots with a wet cloth and as the water inside evaporates , all the heat goes with it .
So in places like Nigeria where vegetable wilt and rot in the space of a day or two , food can now be kept fresh for a couple of weeks .
It also spells an end to those market stalls you always see with thousands of flies crawling over the mangoes you wanted to buy .
But spare a thought also for the traveler living out in the woods .
Sure , he ’s got his little plastic tent , jacket potatoes in the fire , maybe even a wind - up radio for some late night blues classics – but where ’s the cool beer ?
A quick trip into town to buy a couple of pots , some sand from the river bed and you can drink beer at 15 degrees .
Not ice - cold , perhaps , but good enough for Guinness .
The pot - in - pot refrigerator is called a zeer and here ’s how you make one
By Miss Cellania
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
Andy Burnham is the Secretary of State for Culture , Media and Sport in England .
He is also concerned about what his children see on the internet .
In an interview with The Daily Telegraph , Andy Burnham says he believes that new standards of decency need to be applied to the web .
He is planning to negotiate with Barack Obama ’s incoming American administration to draw up new international rules for English language websites .
The Cabinet minister describes the internet as “ quite a dangerous place ” and says he wants internet - service providers ( ISPs ) to offer parents “ child - safe ” web services .
Giving film - style ratings to individual websites is one of the options being considered , he confirms .
When asked directly whether age ratings could be introduced , Mr Burnham replies : “ Yes , that would be an option .
This is an area that is really now coming into full focus . ”
ISPs , such as BT , Tiscali , AOL or Sky could also be forced to offer internet services where the only websites accessible are those deemed suitable for children .
OK , I have children myself .
They are not allowed to access my site or any of the sites I work for without my permission .
But they have at times , and no harm has come to them , except that I had to discuss with them the dangers of leaving my URL on the school computer ’s history ( it ’s a private school , and we could be kicked out ) .
And they ’ve found inappropriate content a time or two , but clicked away quickly - kind of like when I found grandpa ’s girly magazines .
That ’s part of growing up , and I try to stay on top of it as much as I can .
But this plan to rate the entire English language internet is not going to happen .
And if it does , it wo n’t accomplish the intended goal .
1. What Burnham is proposing is NOT the same as the movie ratings .
In the movie business , ratings are voluntary .
A feature film goes to the Motion Picture Association of America and the studio pays to have a rating assigned .
The MPAA rates it and the studio can appeal or make edits to get the rating changed .
The film does not have to be rated .
However , the big features want ratings because they ca n’t get booked into theaters otherwise , not by government mandate , but by business decision .
Unrated movies make theaters ( and the business as a whole ) look bad - or they did at one time .
Stroll into any video store and you ’ll find many unrated movies .
That usually means they went directly to video .
If the movie is not good enough for a theatrical release , why bother paying for a rating ?
Parents know that unrated movies are a crap shoot for both adult content and overall quality .
2 . This is not feasible .
The MPAA rates maybe a couple hundred theatrical films every year .
Compare that to multiple millions of websites available on the internet , with hundreds more added every day .
How many hundreds of people are you going to hire to rate them ?
Will each page be examined ?
And who is going to pay for this ?
It would either be a tax on all citizens , an internet usage tax with all the extra trouble and expense that entails , or a tax on website owners .
Think of the massive expenditures a program like this would require , and compare it to making internet censorship the responsibility of parents .
Like it is now .
3 . This can not be fairly executed .
Think of a website , any website , and try to predict what its fate would be under a government ratings system .
Impossible .
My site has some pretty risque jokes , but no nudity .
I do have links to nudity , with a NSFW warning .
I also allow some swear words , but not others .
I would prefer my children not to read the dirty jokes , but the world is not going to end if they do .
OK , what ’s my rating ?
Some days you can read the 15 posts on my front page and find nothing that ’s even questionable .
Other days , you might see some adult subjects .
Is the person rating my website a prude ?
Is he / she going to read past the front page ?
What standards will be in place , who writes the standards , and will there be an appeal process ?
Talk about a bureaucratic nightmare !
A couple of examples here at Geeks Are Sexy comes to mind .
The Best Commercial EVER featured a video with nudity .
It was clearly marked NSFW .
Now , here ’s where movies are different from websites : no one had to watch it .
You have to physically push “ play ” to view material that you are warned about .
How would this be rated ?
What if the “ adult ” material were put behind a fold ?
This kind of post does n’t show up regularly here at GAS , but under a ratings system , it could affect the entire site .
The other post to consider is Intelligent Men = Better Sperm .
This is only a discussion about a science article , but there are a couple of humorous throwaway lines that could sway a prudish rater .
If a discussion about sperm count can put an entire site in peril , you ’ve effectively banned biology from the web .
My fifth grader would have trouble researching taxonomy or evolution .
Existing filters illustrate this problem , when a high school student cannot research breast cancer because the word “ breast ” causes legitimate information to be blocked .
And then there ’s the free speech argument .
Even an attempt to implement a ratings system for the internet is going to be tied up in courts for years and years because it would affect so many people , and there will be unintended consequences .
Plus , there is real hubris involved if Burnham thinks laws in England and the US are going to cover all English language sites .
Even if you could make such a system simple , fair , and honest , it will never accomplishing the goal of protecting children from distasteful content .
English speaking surfers can easily find non-English porn , with just the touch of a button .
The Hollywood movie system is business .
The ratings are good for business most of the time , or it would have never survived this long .
The internet is information .
Parts of it are business , but it ’s also communication , news , entertainment , education , and a social gathering place .
The web and the vast majority of its citizens will stymie this kind of regulation , as well it should .
[ Picture Source : What ’s My Blog Rated ? ]
LOS ANGELES --
The medical marijuana advocacy group Americans for Safe Access filed legal briefs Monday alleging the city of Montebello is in contempt of court for not returning property the agency maintains was wrongfully seized from a medical marijuana user .
A request for Los Angeles Superior Court Judge Craig Veals to issue contempt proceedings was filed in response to the alleged refusal by the city of Montebello to return medical marijuana and other belongings taken by its local police department from Terry Walker , according to the ASA .
Montebello police in October 2004 seized marijuana plants , growing equipment , and personal correspondence from Walker 's Montebello home , according to the ASA .
Police criminally charged Walker , who was a medical marijuana patient , but the case was later dismissed and a court order was subsequently issued for the return of his property , according to the ASA .
Despite the court order , the city of Montebello has refused to return any of Walker 's property , according to the ASA .
Montebello City Attorney Arnold Alvarez - Glasman was not immediately available for comment , according to City News Service .
U.S. agents ' bugged Tony Blair 's private phone calls for years '
U.S. agents allegedly bugged Tony Blair 's phone calls
American spymasters snooped on the private life of Tony Blair , according to reports in the U.S .
Mr Blair was given the code name ' Anchory ' as his private telephone calls were routinely listened into and recorded .
A file containing personal information about him is said to have been compiled at a giant U.S. listening post run by the secretive National Security Agency .
The extraordinary claim was made by a former Navy communications operator who worked at a listening post in Fort Gordon , Georgia .
David Murfee Faulk told American TV network ABC
News that he had seen a file on the ' private life ' of Mr Blair in 2006 .
He said his security clearance at the National Security Agency base allowed him access to top - secret information .
Faulk declined to reveal the exact contents of the file , other than to say it contained information of a ' personal nature ' .
Faulk said U.S. spymasters also ' bugged ' telephone calls made by Iraq 's first interim president , Ghazi al - Yawer .
Mr Al - Yawer and Mr Blair were considered two of America 's biggest allies in the run-up to the 2003 invasion of Iraq .
The admissions will cause huge embarrassment to the U.S .
Special relationship :
There is an ' unwritten ' rule that America and Britain do not collect information on each other
There is an ' unwritten ' rule that America and Britain do not collect information on each other , although Britain 's GCHQ spy centre in Gloucester and the NSA routinely share gathered information .
One former CIA official told ABC that Faulk 's claims could have serious repercussions .
Spied on : Iraq 's first interim president , Ghazi al - Yawer , had his calls bugged , according to David Faulk
' If it is true that we maintained a file on Blair , it would represent a huge breach of the agreement we have with the Brits , ' said the ex-CIA chief .
A spokesman for the Prime Minister 's office said there would be ' no comment ' on the claims .
No one from Mr Blair 's office was available for comment .
Faulk 's allegations will also reopen claims by Harrods boss Mohammad al Fayed that Princess Diana was being bugged .
Mr al Fayed tried unsuccessfully to have the NSA hand over tapes that he claimed showed Diana and his son Dodi 's telephone calls were monitored in the weeks before their deaths in Paris in 1997 .
Faulk , 39 , broke his cover last month when he claimed U.S. intelligence intercepted the private phone calls of American journalists , aid workers and soldiers stationed in Iraq .
This led to calls for the U.S. Congress to investigate the ' extremely disturbing ' allegations .
The Senate Intelligence and Judiciary Committees are now looking into the claims .
Bugged : Mohamed al Fayed claimed that his son and Princess Diana 's phone calls were monitored
A second ' whistleblower ' , Adrienne Kinne , 31 , backed Faulk 's claims about eavesdropping on U.S. journalists .
Kinne described the contents of the calls as ' personal , private things with Americans who are not in any way , shape or form associated with anything to do with terrorism ' .
Faulk said his primary role was to listen into conversations in Arabic and translate them for his spymasters .
He said Mr al - Yawer made ' pillow talk ' phone calls to his fiancee whom he later married .
Mr Al Yawer was the first President of Iraq 's interim government between 2004 and 2005 .
Faulk , who worked until recently as a reporter for a community newspaper in Augusta , Georgia said he was one of as many as 3,000 linguists at Fort Gordon .
He said his group spent much of its time monitoring calls into and out of Baghdad 's Green Zone , the fortified enclave that houses the U.S. Embassy and military and intelligence commands .
The U.S. Senate recount took two abrupt turns Tuesday , both boosting the prospects of DFLer Al Franken .
Franken unexpectedly picked up 37 votes due to a combined machine malfunction and human error on Election Day that left 171 Maplewood ballots safe , secure but uncounted until Tuesday 's final day of recounting in Ramsey County .
Secretary of State Mark Ritchie 's office immediately asked county officials to explain what had happened , and U.S. Sen .
Norm Coleman 's campaign said it sent its own experts to Ramsey County to review the situation and said it was " skeptical about [ the ballots ' ] sudden appearance . "
By the end of Tuesday , with 93 percent of the total vote recounted , the Republican 's lead stood at 303 votes with the state Canvassing Board set to finalize results Dec. 16 .
More than 6,000 ballots have been challenged by the two campaigns , with Coleman challenging 183 more than Franken .
Two large metro counties , Scott and Wright , are among four counties scheduled to begin their recounts today .
The day 's other news -- which Franken 's campaign quickly described as a " breakthrough " -- came when Ritchie 's office asked local election officials to examine an estimated 12,000 rejected absentee ballots and determine whether their rejection fell under one of four reasons for rejection defined in state law .
The Secretary of State 's office asked that ballots that were rejected for something other than the four legal reasons be placed into a so - called " fifth category . "
The fifth category , Ritchie 's office said , could also include absentee ballots rejected for reasons that were " not based on factual information . "
Ritchie 's office , while stressing that the ballots be examined but not counted , asked that the task be completed by Dec. 18 .
The move appeared to give at least some new life to the Franken campaign 's longstanding effort to add to the recount what it estimates are as many as 1,000 improperly rejected absentee ballots .
Ritchie was not available Tuesday to elaborate on his office 's instructions and the other four Canvassing Board members , all of whom are judges , declined to comment .
Significance debated Deputy Secretary of State Jim Gelbmann said the action was taken by Ritchie 's senior staff without consulting with Ritchie .
He said that because Ritchie 's office was not entirely clear on what the Canvassing Board had directed it to do last week , they reviewed a tape of the meeting .
" It was very clear , " said Gelbmann , referring to the board , " ... they wanted to know how many ballots were in the five categories . "
The letter to local election officials comes as the Canvassing Board awaits a state attorney general 's opinion on whether the board has the authority to count the ballots in the fifth pile , or if that is something that only can be ordered by a court .
Fritz Knaak , Coleman 's lead recount attorney , minimized the impact of the move and said Ritchie 's office was not asking local election officials to count any of the five categories of rejected absentee ballots , and had written those instructions in bold type in its letter .
" They were not directing that those be counted , but they are being set aside .
And , of course , we 're not surprised , and that 's fine , " he said .
Franken 's campaign heralded the news as a significant development , and said it came on a day when the campaign's own internal recount showed that Coleman 's lead had dwindled to 50 votes .
" [ This ] process is not complete until every vote is counted .
And today 's directive is an important step , " said Andy Barr , Franken 's communications director .
Marc Elias , Franken 's lead recount attorney , also said there was no significance to the campaign 's decision to hold its daily briefings this week for reporters in Washington , D.C. , a move Knaak described as further evidence that Franken 's overall strategy was to have the U.S. Senate ultimately decide the race .
" I 'm presuming he 's strategizing with Democrats about his Senate floor strategy to ignore the will of Minnesota voters , " said Knaak .
The U.S. Constitution gives each house of Congress broad authority to judge the elections and qualifications of its members .
Operator error blamed Ramsey County 's recount problem caught many by surprise .
County election officials said Tuesday the problem started on Election Day morning at the Hazelwood Fire Station in Precinct 6 in the heart of Maplewood .
When a ballot counter kept jamming , officials called for a runner to swap out the broken counter with one that worked .
By then , 171 people had voted and their ballots had been fed into the ballot box .
Ninety - one of those votes were cast for Franken , 54 for Coleman and 26 for other candidates .
When the new counter replaced the one that malfunctioned , officials said an election judge should have re-fed the 171 ballots back in so they would be counted on the official tape .
Instead , they sat in the ballot box and then in secured transfer cases until they were discovered by recount officials Tuesday at the Ramsey County recount site on Plato Blvd .
The error was blamed on an election judge 's failure to follow proper procedures , according to Karen Guilfoile , Maplewood 's director of city services .
She stressed that all the votes were properly cast and securely protected the last month .
A second election judge error in the same precinct had Coleman observers wondering why there were 31 more ballots than voters who had signed in on Election Day .
Guilfoile said the mistake involved absentee voters who properly sent in their registration cards , but whose names judges failed to record on the voting rolls on Election Day .
Ramsey County elections manager Joe Mansky said the discovery of 171 ballots at the end of the county 's 278,000 - ballot recount proves the system works -- even when recounting 40,000 ballots a day as they did in Ramsey County .
" Our object here is to make sure every ballot gets counted as it was cast by the voter , " Mansky said .
" If we pick up some ballots that are not properly counted on Election Night , so much the better .
That 's a good thing .
I do n't see any downside . "
Old Man Winter , it turns out , is no friend of renewable energy .
This time of year , wind turbine blades ice up , biodiesel congeals in tanks and solar panels produce less power because there is not as much sun .
And perhaps most irritating to the people who own them , the panels become covered with snow , rendering them useless even in bright winter sunshine .
So in regions where homeowners have long rolled their eyes at shoveling driveways , add another cold - weather chore : cleaning off the solar panels .
“ At least I can get to them with a long pole and a squeegee , ” said Alan Stankevitz , a homeowner in southeast Minnesota .
As concern has grown about global warming , many utilities and homeowners have been trying to shrink their emissions of carbon dioxide — their carbon footprints — by installing solar panels , wind turbines and even generators powered by tides or rivers .
But for the moment , at least , the planet is still cold enough to deal nasty winter blows to some of this green machinery .
In January 2007 , a bus stalled in the middle of the night on Interstate 70 in the Colorado mountains .
The culprit was a 20 percent biodiesel blend that congealed in the freezing weather , according to John Jones , the transit director for the bus line , Summit Stage .
( Biodiesel is a diesel substitute , typically made from vegetable oil , that is used to displace some fossil fuels . )
Outrage Over Ivanchuk The Great Chess Doping Scandal
Grandmaster Vassily Ivanchuk refused to submit a urine sample for a drug test at the Chess Olympiad in Dresden and is now considered guilty of doping .
The world of chess is outraged that he could face a two - year ban .
Von Maik Grossekathöfer
ρ=Σ+Ψ
Surreal Sage sez :
This site requires Javascript .
No , it does n't do anything evil to your computer , it just makes the buttons work and prints the table of contents .
Being the homepage of Winchell D. Chung jr. Master of 3 - D starmaps , illustrator of Ogres , and aficionado of slide rules , astrolabes , nomograms , sundials , and other obsolete instruments .
On discussion groups I go by the name " Nyrath the nearly wise " , where " Nyrath " is from the Elder Edda , and " nearly wise " is from the Dragonlance trilogy .
Note that the name is Nyrath , not " Nyarth " nor " Nyarlathotep . "
And here is the shameless plug for you to go persuse my Cafe Press webstore
Twitter Updates JavaScript must be enabled to view the feed .
follow me on Twitter
+=======================(:) === ^ ===(:)======================================+
| WINCHELL CHUNG |=| /_\ |=| I 'm nobody .
Nobody at all .
But the |
| Nyrath the nearly wise |\| <(* ) >
|\| secrets of the universe do n't mind . |
| nyrath projectrho.com |=| /_/|\_\ |=|
They reveal themselves to nobodies |
| |\| //|\\ |\| that care .
OUTER LIMITS : Galaxy Being|
+=======================(:)=///|\\\=(:)======================================+
Send all questions , comments , and sarcastic remarks to :
Publishing Asks Why It Is In a Rapidly Descending Handbasket
Yesterday I received a few solicitous inquiries from friends and / or fans asking if Wednesday ’s massive publishing industry torpedoing ( chronicled here by Andrew Wheeler ) had somehow sucked me into its briny wake .
The answer , in brief , is no .
I ’m fine , my books under contract are fine , and while I ’m as concerned as anyone would be about their chosen industry going all explody around them , for various reasons I ’m personally well - positioned to get through this stuff reasonably well .
So : No worries here .
I appreciate the concern .
That said , these are gruesome times for publishing , and a lot of folks are not as well - positioned as I am .
Imprints have vaporized , layoffs have begun , and it ’s better - than - even odds that a number of authors and books are going to get shaved off of publishing lists .
2009 is also likely to be a singularly lousy time to be an aspiring debut author , as publishing houses consolidate their lists and focus their resources on established avenues ( i.e. , spend their money on people who are already bestsellers ) rather than seeking out new folks .
Basically , life ’s gonna suck in publishing for the next year or possibly two .
You ask :
What can I do to help things suck less ?
Well , in a larger , overarching sense , there ’s not much you can do — publishing is n’t the only industry that ’s hurting at the moment , as you might be aware , should you keep track of the news .
We ’ve all got to get through this crap together .
In the smaller , more immediate sense , however , there sure is something you can do : Buy some damn books .
Fortunately , this advice is well - timed : Books are inexpensive yet valued objects , which means that they make lovely gifts for whatever holiday festivities you subscribe to this time of year .
Now is a fine time to introduce friends and loved ones to some of your favorite authors — and in doing so , you ’re boosting that author ’s sales , which will make his or her publisher marginally less liable to dump their shivering ass onto the street .
You ’re giving a gift a loved one will appreciate , you ’re doing your favorite authors a favor , and you ’re doing your part to keep editors and publishers from hurling themselves out of high - rise windows .
Truly , everybody wins .
So , go :
Make this a bookish holiday season .
You know you want to anyway .
I , my fellow authors and a grateful publishing industry thank you in advance for your cooperation , and for your seasonal purchases .
Are you ready for a vision of your inevitable end at the hands of a hovering murderbot ?
Feast your eyes , then , on this video of the Missile Defense Agency 's MKV-L -- or as we like to call it , the Multiple Kill Vehicle .
The device -- meant to be used in a bundle of missile interceptors deployed by a larger " carrier " -- has apparently just completed its first flight test , so ... you 've been warned , resistance is futile , he 'll be back , and in space no one can hear you scream .
[ Warning : read link is a PDF ]
[ Thanks , Jason ]
The same day , The Wall Street Journal columnist William McGurn , formerly chief speechwriter for George Bush , observed that Australians were asking what an Obama administration might mean for them .
" But if the question is flipped , we have a far more interesting proposition : What might Australia and its Labor Party government mean for an Obama administration ? "
McGurn posed .
He went on to offer Kevin Rudd as a role model for a new centre - left US president : " For Mr Rudd 's Labor Party has done something Mr Obama 's Democrats have yet to do : make their peace with the global economy .
" Mr Rudd is showing that it is possible to embrace the global economy while pursuing a social - democrat agenda . "
The third encounter was a conversation with Anirvan Banerji of the Economic Cycle Research Institute in New York , who specialises in peering into the future using indices which seek to give early indications of economic activity .
I wanted to know how bad the international recession was going to get .
Very bad , was the answer : " We are seeing clearly the worst reading in the six - decade history " of the indices , he said .
But as he surveyed a global horizon of gloom across the 20 countries he monitors , he added this observation about Australia : " I 'm not sure about Australia yet .
Certainly it 's going to be a major slowdown and it may still be possible to avoid a recession .
It 's the one significant economy where I would n't want to say it 's a done deal . "
The day after Obama 's victory , I interviewed Richard Fisher , the president of the US Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas , one of the 12 regional banks that comprise America 's central bank .
This makes him one of the 10 officials who set official US interest rates .
He considers himself to be half Australian - his father was a street kid in Queensland , and fled to America for a better life .
Fisher was anxious that the US Congress would mishandle the response to the economic downturn , spending too much money and pushing the US into so much debt that it would hinder , not help , recovery .
He volunteered that " the US Congress could take a lesson from Australia " .
He was full of praise for the previous Australian government and for the current one .
The Howard government had been " immensely successful " in prudently paying down a lot of Australian Government long - term liabilities and running budget surpluses , " and Kevin Rudd is building on his success - he seems to be saying and doing many of the right things and it may be an exemplary situation for the US " .
It was an eclectic and entirely chance series of observations about Australia .
In the space of some 24 hours , four knowledgeable Americans had pointed to Australia as some kind of model , exemplar , or best case .
They complimented Australia on competent governance , wise political management , successful politics , sound economic management and prudent economic reform .
Australia has improved its performance tremendously in the past couple of decades .
Hawke and Keating pushed a reluctant country into the modern era of competitive markets ; Howard and Costello continued pushing .
Together , Labor and Liberal governments gave Australia a 17 - year boom .
Unemployment went from 10 per cent to 4 , lower than US unemployment .
In my view , it is a prerequisite of a successful country to be able to offer its young people the prospect of work .
This is a fundamental human right and it can't be delivered by any charter .
Now the boom is over , Australia is better placed than just about any country in the world to withstand recession .
Economic modernisation , a vigorous private sector and a competent system of public institutions have combined to make Australia a success story .
And other countries - the US , in this case - have noticed .
One remarkable and little - noted feature of Australia 's performance is that , this year , Australia overtook the US in income per capita .
In the September quarter , US per capita income was $ US47,100 and Australia 's was $ US48,600 .
As the ANU 's Professor Ross Garnaut has pointed out , it is the first time that Australia has pipped the US on this measure since World War I .
That moment has been lost already so we should n't get too smug - Australia 's higher per capita income lasted for only the first nine months of the year and has now fallen away with our dollar .
Still , on the more comprehensive measure of living standards in the UN 's annual human development index , Australia remains in the topmost echelon , ranked third among the world 's 190 countries .
Only Iceland and Norway rated higher in the 2007 - 08 listing , and Iceland 's plunge into insolvency in the past few months wo n't help its human development one bit .
None of this is to disparage the US which , even in its current travails , remains the benchmark of modernity .
Least of all do I want to counsel complacency , the enemy of achievement .
Yet , as we brace for a tough new year we can take a moment to note the fact that our leaders - of both parties - have rejuvenated our country .
It 's not perfect , but it 's better than it was , and better than just about any of the alternatives .
Peter Hartcher is the Sydney Morning Herald 's political editor .
It is the most pronounced verbal tic in modern American politics -- John McCain 's incessant use of the phrase " my friends . "
For months , it has provided blog fodder .
During the Republican National Convention , it spawned a truly inspired Slate offering from Paul Collins , who traced the phrase 's use through the ages ( one of his conclusions -- " as a crowd bludgeon in modern political speechmaking , ' my friends ' can be laid at the feet of one man : William Jennings Bryan ) .
Occasionally , it 's been reported that aides have advised McCain to curb his use of the line .
But clearly , that 's a losing battle -- in Tuesday 's 90 - minute town hall encounter with Barack Obama , the Republican uttered " my friends " or " my friend " ( directed at a specific questioner ) 24 times .
Just as clearly , given McCain 's body language and his dismissive " that one " reference to Obama at one point , he does n't include his Democratic rival in that circle of pals .
One word that was n't heard once : " maverick , " a noun that was ubiquitous in last week 's debate between vice presidential candidates Sarah Palin and Joe Biden .
For that matter , neither McCain nor Obama saw fit to drop the names of their running mates during Tuesday night 's proceedings .
-- Don Frederick
My friends , you can still go to Twitter and sign up for free automatic and instant alerts of every new Ticket item sped directly to your cell .
One of the longest - running spousal debates may now be settled in favor of men and for the sake of little boys .
Leave the toilet seat up , some British doctors now say .
The reason : a rising trend for heavy wooden and ornamental toilet seats to fall down onto the penises of unsuspecting ( and just potty - trained ) toddlers .
Dr. Joe Philip and his colleagues of Leighton Hospital , Crewe , in England detail such penis - crush injuries in the December issue of the journal BJU International .
The team reports on four boys between the ages of 2 and 4 who were admitted to hospitals with injuries serious enough to require an overnight stay .
The doctors say the injuries have implications for holiday travel and at - home toilet safety for parents with male toddlers .
" As Christmas approaches many families will be visiting relatives and friends and their recently toilet - trained toddlers will be keen to show how grown - up they are by going to the toilet on their own , " Philip said .
" It is important that parents check out the toilet seats in advance , not to mention the ones they have in their own homes , and accompany their children if necessary . "
The team found that all four toddlers had been potty trained and were using the toilet on their own when the incidents occurred .
Each had lifted the toilet seat , which fell back down and crushed his penis .
Three of the toddlers showed a build - up of fluid in the foreskin , but they were still able to urinate .
The fourth had so - called glandular tenderness .
Luckily , the doctors say , the toddlers showed no injuries to the urethra ( the tube in the penis that carries urine out ) and no bleeding .
All four toddlers were able to leave the hospital the next day .
To keep toddlers safe during their journey in the bathroom , the doctors suggest the following tips :
Parents should consider using toilet seats that fall slowly and with reduced momentum , which would reduce the risk and degree of injury .
Heavier toilet seats could be banned in houses with male infants .
Households with male infants should consider leaving the toilet seat up after use , even though it contradicts the social norm of putting it down .
Parents could educate their toddlers to hold the toilet seat up with one hand while urinating .
During such a feat , parents should keep an eye on toddlers until the toddler can do this by himself .
" As any parent knows , toilet training can be a difficult time with any toddler , " Philip said .
" We are concerned that the growing trend of heavy toilet seats poses a risk not only to their health , but to their confidence . "
FORT WORTH , Texas , Dec. 29 ( UPI ) --
Four teenagers in Fort Worth , Texas , told police investigators they broke into a middle school looking for ghosts rumored to haunt the third floor .
Officers said they caught the four teenagers , ranging from 13 to 15 years old , crawling out of a Stripling Middle School window with backpacks , pillows and blankets about 1 a.m. Sunday , The Dallas Morning News reported Monday .
Advertisement
The teenagers , who were taken to a juvenile detention center on criminal trespass charges , told investigators they were trying to authenticate legends of ghosts haunting the school 's third floor , police said .
Nothing was discovered stolen from the school .
Another outhouse goes up in flames in San Francisco
The epidemic of arson attacks against San Francisco outhouses continues .
Another portable toilet was set ablaze early Thursday , this one at Union and Franklin streets .
That 's a few blocks west of where most of the other 13 attacks on construction - site outhouses have taken place in the past two months ; those fires were set on Russian Hill .
No one has been hurt in the incidents , all of which have all happened at night .
But the latest arson attack at 5 a.m.
Thursday damaged a nearby parked car .
The fires have occurred inside and outside of outhouses .
In some cases , the arsonist has broken into locked toilets to burn them , police said .
QR Code Link to This Post
Location : Harmony
it 's NOT ok to contact this poster with services or other commercial interests
These birds have been hateful towards my laying pullets , and I do not recommend them if they will share a coop with chickens or other small poultry of other species .
Maybe gamecocks .
That would be karmic .
They are n't aggressive towards people , cats , or dogs -- but then , the people , cats , and dogs around here do n't take crap from birds .
They are not tame , and are still convinced after four months that I 'm going to eat them in the morning .
This is becoming a self - fulfilling prophecy .
These birds do great tick and insect control , and do n't tear up the garden the way chickens do .
Not as filthy as most poultry .
They are very noisy .
If your neighbor has a barking dog or annoying offspring , these would be fine revenge .
If you just find it amusing to see brainless alien freaks that look like old - style football helmets running around on tiny orange legs , they will fit the bill .
Buy my surplus ill - natured Guineas .
They are too scrawny for Thanksgiving .
The do not have laser beams strapped to their heads .
Homer sings Spiderpig in the Simpsons Movie
A man has been jailed for breaching the peace by singing Spiderpig from The Simpsons Movie at police officers .
David Mullen was sentenced to three months for the incident and calling an officer " ginger " in a police van .
Mullen , 22 , from Blairgowrie , claimed he was singing the ditty , performed by Homer in the cartoon , because it was the ringtone on his mobile phone .
He was given a further eight months in prison for assaulting a police officer and breaching a curfew while on bail .
' Appalling road '
Homer sings Spiderpig to the theme of Spiderman while walking a pig across the ceiling in The Simpsons Movie .
Mullen sang the song to officers on 25 July while sitting in the back of a police van after being involved in a fight in Blairgowrie , Perthshire .
Solicitor Paul Ralph , defending , said : " He started the song and that was the origin of the joke , but things went further .
He felt he had not done anything to be apprehended for . "
Mullen breached his curfew on 30 October and assaulted a police officer on 2 November .
Mr Ralph told Perth Sheriff Court that Mullen , of Harriet Row , had been abusing alcohol since the age of 12 .
Sheriff Robert McCreadie said : " It is tragic that you have taken alcohol for almost half of your life .
You have a dreadful record for a man of 22 .
" It is now your decision if you want to continue down the tragic and appalling road you have chosen for yourself . "
Why is President Bush 's bail out of the auto industry a bad idea ?
Because it tends to prolong the problem by delaying any and all possible solutions .
Any action that tends to keep mis-allocated resources , including labor , attached to jobs that should not exist in a less manipulated market prevents jobs from being created that could make better use of those resources ; delaying indefinitely any potential recovery .
What President Bush seems to be doing is cultivating good will with the unions for his party .
If the auto industry collapses , so will the auto workers unions .
No prosperous industry could possibly arise from the ashes with an 800 pound monkey on its back .
Unions are good for one thing , constantly throwing sand into the works of an economy .
The poorer shape that economy is in , the more sand they throw into the works .
So why would a President want to save the unions ?
They vote and contribute big bucks to the political process .
Follow the money , follow the influence , follow the politics and do not believe that in any case the government is being altruistic .
The biggest mistake that socialists and liberals ( including the GOP neo- cons ) make is to anthropomorphize government .
They ascribe their own feelings and attitudes to a non-thinking , non-feeling organizational construct then defend it , and sadly , trust it as if it were a blood - relative .
All this while said relative proceeds to crush the very spark of liberty that allowed it to exist in the first place .
Slowly , in a process consisting of a succession of safety nets and failures , the most possible damage is eventually done to the people .
Only then will the people rise up to restore a culture of liberty .
We are a long way from recovery because we 're no where near the bottom of our slide into Socialism .
This reminds me of a spate of articles a few months ago in which authors mulled the question “ Why are n't people marching in the street with torches and pitchforks ? ”
One humorous blog in particular by Thomas DiLorenzo over at LewRockwell.com provided the best backdrop for pointing out how now is not the right time in the cycle of the collapse of civilization for the torch and pitchfork crowd .
Mr. DiLorenzo wrote about stopping off at Home Depot to buy a pitchfork on the way to marching in the street .
Oh my god that 's funny !
You see , the problem is that people do not get their ass out of a LazyBoy recliner to go buy implements of destruction to march INTO oppression .
No , first they must trust the government and their favored party leaders until they find themselves holding pitchforks as a necessity of life .
We have a long way to go before there will be torches and pitchforks but when the time comes , the people will already have them and they will not need to stop off at Home Depot .
The USA is first going to pay the price for 80 + years of unions pushing wages skyward relative to the global value of labor .
This has continuously made the US less and less competitive in the world .
The time has come for that to be rectified and the market will see to it .
None of the bail out plans or loans or public emotional pleading by politicians or banksters will prevent the business cycle from consuming non-productive entities .
These political bail out actions simply ensure that as many people suffer as is possible .
Share the misery , that 's the Socialist creed .
Forced sharing of misery in the name of altruistic social engineering and central economic planning is what Obama will pursue , just like FDR did .
Every time the Fed , or US Treasury or the President present a new and improved safety net for our society , it lures more hapless fools into behaving as if things will be OK .
When the downward economic trends rip through those safety nets without even slowing , those same hapless morons look to the leadership who made up the failed safety net for an explanation and hope for the next one to be THE ONE .
In the long term , Bush 's actions will provide a scapegoat for the circumstances Obama is unable to alleviate .
In the short run , Bush 's actions ensure more people share the misery for longer .
Nice going George .
- Jahfre Fire Eater
By Martin Vennard
BBC News
The protesters threw shoes at caricatures of Mr Bush
Dozens of Iranians in the country 's capital Tehran have held their own shoe - throwing rally in protest at US President George W Bush .
They were showing support for the Iraqi journalist who threw his footwear at the American leader in Baghdad .
The protesters waved their shoes in the air before throwing them at posters featuring caricatures of Mr Bush .
The journalist , Muntadar al - Zaidi , is due to go on trial in Iraq , accused of assaulting a foreign head of state .
' Cruelty '
The demonstration took place near Tehran university as people headed to Friday prayers .
One demonstrator , who called himself Mr Ghanati , said he was a member of the Islamic guards and that the Iraqi journalist had seen off the " traitor " Mr Bush with his action .
" Bush has committed a lot of cruelty against the people of Iraq and other countries , " he said .
A similar demonstration took place at a university in Iran 's Isfahan province on Thursday and there have been other such protests across the region .
Iraqis have called for the release of the journalist .
Muntadar al - Zaidi threw his shoes at Mr Bush as the president was giving a news conference during a visit to Baghdad this month .
Since then a Turkish firm , which claims it made the shoes , says it has had to take on 100 extra staff to cope with the surge in orders .
Obama deplores civilian deaths in Gaza , Israel
Breaking his silence on the conflict in Gaza , the president - elect deplored the civilian casualties , which have been overwhelmingly on the Palestinian side , after a meeting with fiscal and economic advisors today .
" I ’m very concerned with the conflict taking place there , " Obama said .
" I ’m monitoring the situation on a day to day basis .
" The loss of civilian life in Gaza and in Israel is a source of deep concern to me , and after January 20th I ’ll have plenty to say about the issue . "
Obama said he was " not backing away at all from what I said during the campaign " and that " starting at the beginning of our administration , we ’re going to engage effectively and consistently in trying to resolve the conflict in the Middle East . "
Obama 's emphasis on civilian casualties breaks slightly with the White House line , which has been to blame Hamas first .
Since the terrorist attacks in Mumbai 10 days ago , speculation has been rife about the birthplace of the lone surviving gunman , Ajmal Amir Kasab .
India and Pakistan have clashed over reports that he came from the Punjab .
Saeed Shah , after spending days travelling throughout the region , tracked down the killer 's home - and his grandfather - and found conclusive proof of his identity
The little house was certainly that of a poor family , with a courtyard to one side and a small cart propped up in one corner .
The old man and middle - aged woman who answered the door were not the owners .
No , they insisted , the owners were away .
' They 've gone to a wedding , ' said the old man , identifying himself as Sultan .
He was , he said , Amir 's father - in - law .
So , that would make him Ajmal 's grandfather ?
At last , it seemed , this was the right place .
It had taken days to get to Faridkot , a small , dirt - poor village in Pakistan 's Punjab province .
More than a week after the arrest of the only Lashkar - e - Taiba terrorist taken alive during the terror strike on Mumbai , so little was still known about him .
His name , for instance .
Was he Mohammed Amin Kasab , Azam Amir Kasav ?
Or was he Mohammed Ajmal Amir ?
The name Kasai in fact means he would hail from a butcher community - that would be his caste .
But it was recorded as Kasav , then later Kasab .
The discrepancies reportedly stemmed from the fact that the Mumbai police officers who first questioned him were Marathi speakers and unable to communicate with the south Punjab resident in anything other than Hindi patois .
And where exactly was he from ?
Faridkot is what he told his interrogators , but this is a common village name .
There were four candidates in the Punjab region .
Days of trying to establish which was the right one had led to a Faridkot near the Indian border , outside a town called Depalpur .
The nearest city was Okara .
It seemed to fit .
And it was at this Faridkot that Ajmal 's father was believed to live .
Initially villagers were unhelpful .
No , said those approached , there was no one known here of that name .
Even shown a photograph of Ajmal taken during the Mumbai siege , all swore they did not recognise him .
The mayor was clear .
' There is a man who came to see me called Amir Kasab , who was worried , ' said Ghulam Mustafa Wattoo .
' He told me that the Ajmal on the news was not his boy .
That boy 's gone away to work .
There 's no extremist network here .'
Was this another dead end ?
As the villagers were questioned , the confusions appeared to multiply .
Finally the name Mohammed Ajmal Amir , son of Mohammed Amir Iman , who ran a food stall , emerged .
At other Faridkots , including one near the town of Khanewal , villagers had been friendly and helpful , proffering tea as they shook their heads .
' No .
Not from here , ' they said .
For a while , it appeared that this Faridkot would also prove a wasted journey .
The mayor said there had been no local police investigation , suggesting that the authorities did not view this place with suspicion .
But , over time , inconsistencies in the villagers ' accounts heightened suspicion that this was the place .
' He [ Amir ] has lived here for a few years , ' said one villager , Mohammad Taj .
' He has three sons and three daughters . '
Noor Ahmed , a local farmer , said : ' Amir had a stall he pushed around , sometimes here , sometimes elsewhere .
He was a meek man , he was n't particularly religious .
He just made ends meet and did n't quarrel with anyone . '
Still the picture was confusing .
While sometimes confirming that Amir did live in the village , and had a son called Ajmal , on other occasions locals claimed to know nothing .
Finally one villager confirmed what was going on : ' You 're being given misinformation .
We 've all known from the first day [ of the news of the terrorist attack ] that it was him , Ajmal Amir Kasab .
His mother started crying when she saw his picture on the television . '
Attempts to meet Amir , the father , however , were not to be successful .
Villagers eventually told us that he and his wife , Noor , had been mysteriously spirited away earlier in the week .
' Ajmal used to go to Lahore for work , as a labourer , ' continued the villager who feared being named .
' He 's been away for maybe four years .
When he came back once a year , he would say things like , " We are going to free Kashmir . " '
Wresting the whole of Kashmir from Indian rule is Lashkar - e - Taiba 's aim .
Ajmal had little education , according to locals .
But it is still unclear whether he was radicalised in the village or once he had left to work elsewhere .
It is said that from the age of 13 he was shuttled between his parents ' house and that of a brother in Lahore .
If he did indeed speak fluent English , as claimed in Indian press reports , he would have had to have learnt that after he left the village .
But the villager who turned whistleblower said that local religious clerics were brainwashing youths in the area and that Lashkar - e - Taiba 's founder , Hafiz Sayeed , had visited nearby Depalpur , where there were ' hundreds ' of supporters .
There was a Lashkar - e - Taiba office in Depalpur , but that had been hurriedly closed in the past few days .
The Lashkar - e - Taiba newspaper is distributed in Depalpur and Faridkot .
Depalpur lies in the south of Punjab province , an economically backward area long known for producing jihadists .
Shown a picture of Ajmal , the villager confirmed that he was the former Faridkot resident , who had last visited the village a couple of months ago at the last festival of Eid .
Some locals have claimed that this Faridkot , and another poor village nearby called Tara Singh , are a recruitment hotbed for Lashkar - e - Taiba , the militant group accused of carrying out the Mumbai attack .
On the side of a building , just outside Faridkot , is graffiti that says : ' Go for jihad .
Go for jihad .
Markaz Dawat ul - Irshad . '
MDI is the parent organisation of Lashkar - e - Taiba .
In Depalpur , a banner on the side of the main street asks people to devote goatskins to Jamaat ud Dawa , another MDI offshoot .
Tara Singh is home to a radical madrasa - Islamic school - and there is another hardline seminary in nearby Depalpur .
The nazim ( mayor ) of Tara Singh , Rao Zaeem Haider , said : ' There is a religious trend here .
Some go for jihad , but not too many . '
Some reports emerging in India suggest that Ajmal may have joined Lashkar -e - Taiba less because of his Islamist convictions but in the hope that the jihad training he would receive would help to further the life of crime upon which he had already embarked .
But once inside Lashkar 's base , his world - view began to change .
Here , films on India 's purported atrocities in Kashmir and heated lectures by fiery preachers led him to believe in Lashkar 's cause .
It has also been said that , when he was chosen for the Lashkar basic combat training , he performed so well that he was among a group of 32 men selected to undergo advanced training at a camp near Manshera , a course the organisation calls the Duara Khaas .
And finally , it seems , he was among an even smaller group selected for specialised commando and navigation training given to the fedayeen unit selected to attack Mumbai .
The authorities may now attempt to deny that Ajmal 's parents live in Faridkot , but , according to some locals , they have been there for some 20 years .
But by the end of our visit , a crucial piece of evidence had been gained .
The Observer has managed to obtain an electoral roll for Faridkot , which falls under union council number 5 , tehsil ( area ) Depalpur , district Okara .
The list of 478 registered voters shows a ' Mohammed Amir ' , married to Noor Elahi , living in Faridkot .
Amir 's national identity card number is given as 3530121767339 , and Noor 's is 3530157035058 .
That appears to be the last piece of the jigsaw .
A man called Amir and his wife , Noor , do live in Faridkot , official records show .
They have a son called Ajmal .
Following our last visit to Faridkot , the mayor , Wattoo , announced via the loudspeaker at the mosque that no one was to speak to any outsiders .
By yesterday , Pakistani intelligence officials had descended in force on Faridkot .
Locals , speaking by telephone , said a Pakistani TV crew and an American journalist had been roughed up and run out of town .
It appeared that the backlash had begun .
The key numbers
10 The number of people India says took part in the attack on Mumbai
1 Survivor from the militant group
2 Indians arrested on Friday in Calcutta suspected of handling phone cards used by the Mumbai attackers .
Sources say later that one may be an undercover agent
163 Amended death toll after the massacre .
At one point it was believed to have been as high as 195
204 Number of boats India will deploy to prevent future attacks
Speaking UNIX , Part 3
Do everything right from the command line
It 's a wired , wired , wired world
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : Speaking UNIX , Part 3 Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : Speaking UNIX , Part 3
Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
The UNIX ® command line is a WYTIWYG interface -- that is , What you type is what you get .
UNIX provides hundreds , if not thousands , of commands with which you can manipulate a large variety of resources available in the kernel and user space .
Need to monitor CPU usage ?
Try top or ps .
Need to remove all files ending in . bak ?
Try rm *. bak .
Want help with a new command ?
Run man .
But what do you do when the resources you need reside on a remote system on your wide - area network ( WAN ) and on the global Internet ?
To quote The Hitchhiker 's Guide to the Galaxy , " do n't panic ! " .
The UNIX command line readily downloads and uploads files , connects to remote computers , and interrogates the state of far - flung servers and networks .
Grab your towel :
It 's time for a trip to extra -solar systems .
Work locally , transfer globally
In Part 1 and Part 2 of this series , you learned how much you can accomplish with the UNIX command line .
With just a few keystrokes -- including a pipe ( | ) or redirection -- you can create an impromptu data processing machine more powerful than the sum of its parts .
While some of the resources you use daily are likely to be local -- that is , resident on your own workstation -- a significant and growing number of assets -- files , e-mail messages , and tools -- are likely to be stored at a distance ( say , on a machine connected to your WAN or to the Internet ) .
Web browsers provide almost universal access to such resources , with one caveat : Point - and - click can quickly become tedious , even onerous , especially if you must retrieve more than one handful of items .
Moreover , if you want to script -- essentially , capture and replay -- repetitive or error - prone tasks , a windowing browser is a difficult ally .
Much like ls , cp , mail , uptime , du manage , and query local resources , UNIX has a suite of command - line tools to access remote resources , too .
This article introduces you to a few of those tools , including a useful technique that both facilitates access to remote systems and protects your authentication credentials .
Specifically , you 'll learn wget , curl , and Secure shell ( ssh ) .
The wget and curl tools transfer files ; using ssh , you can securely log in to remote systems and transfer files quickly and easily .
The trouble with Telnet ( and others )
If any of your systems run rsh ( or its variants -- rcp , rexec , rlogin , or Irdist ) or telnet , disable and remove them and the accompanying daemons immediately .
In addition , if you do n't permit anonymous File Transfer Protocol ( FTP ) , disable the FTP software , too .
Exploits with rsh and FTP
For more information and demonstrations of the exploits possible with rsh and FTP , see " Security Vulnerability between FTP and Berkeley Rsh / Rlogin Protocols " and " Stupid , Stupid Protocols : Telnet , FTP , rsh/rcp/rlogin . "
Although rsh and telnet are longtime UNIX stalwarts , attackers can leverage either utility to ( easily ) compromise your system .
You or your system administrator should halt and remove this software wherever it 's found running and replace the features of those packages with ssh .
For privileged FTP access , use sftp .
Replace rdist with the more advanced rsync .
Or , if you must provide anonymous FTP ( or downloads over HTTP ) , be sure to use firewall hardware and software to isolate all publicly accessible computers from sensitive internal servers .
But first , let 's discuss the pesky problems that passwords present .
" You do n't need no stinkin ' passwords ! "
Access to most computers and services is typically protected .
In some cases , authenticating your identity ( and hence your privilege to access the system ) might require a complex challenge - response exchange , a Secure Sockets Layer ( SSL ) certificate , or even a biometric scan .
Typically , however , a password suffices to gain access .
Much like your personal identification number ( PIN ) , your password is your secret ; if you choose your password well , it 's likely difficult for others to guess it at random .
The combination of your name and a strong password provide sufficient corroboration .
Of course , strong passwords can be difficult to remember , and the strain only worsens as you collect and memorize yet another eight - character key ( of , say , numbers , punctuation , and mixed case ) .
Typing a password over and over again can be downright annoying -- worse , it presents a significant obstacle to hands - off automation .
Recognizing this encumbrance , many command - line utilities allow you to provide your username and password as command - line arguments .
For example , you can log in to an FTP site without intervention by using a command such as :
ftp ftp://joe:passwd@www.example.com
However , using such a facility can reveal your credentials to other users sharing your computer .
( Try ps - Aeww , for example , to see the complete command line and environment of every process on the system . )
To provide the same convenience as command - line options without the inherent risks , many programs can read your credentials from a special file called a .netrc ( pronounced net - r - c ) file , which typically resides in ~/.netrc .
Your .netrc file must be owner read - write mode ( mode 0600 or -rw------- ) only , and each entry in the file must adhere to this simple syntax :
machine ftp.example.com login zaphod password I ( ) Trillian !
machine www.magazine.com login abner password MmG8y * tr default login anonymous password zaphod@heartofgold.com
The first two lines provide the machine keyword and the computer 's domain name , the login keyword and your login name on the computer , and the password keyword followed by the password associated with your login .
The credentials on the last line provide a default for any system not specifically named .
The default line must be the last line in your .netrc file .
( For the full extent of .netrc file configuration options , type man 5 netrc to see the .netrc man page . )
Obviously , if any file has any identity data in it , secure it with user read - write only mode ( mode 600 ) or user read - only mode ( mode 400 ) to prevent you from accidentally overwriting or removing it .
You might also want to protect your home directory with mode 700 .
Now , whenever you launch a . netrc - enabled application , including those applications I discuss next , the appropriate login name and password are passed automatically to the desired service , with nary a single peck at the keyboard .
You can typically disable this auto - login feature with the -n option .
The process of transference
Along with HTTP and HTTP over SSL ( HTTPS ) for Web pages , FTP is one of the most often used Internet application protocols .
Through FTP , a client can connect to a server , acquire a list of directories and files , and either download a file ( that is , request a file from the server ) or upload a file ( that is , send the file a server to persist ) .
URLs of the forms ftp://ftp.example.com/path/to/anotherfile.zip and ftp://user:password@ftp.example.com /path/to/file.zip imply , using the FTP protocol , connect to ftp.example.com and download the file / path/to/anotherfile.zip .
The latter URL simply adds credentials for login .
On most desktop computers , such URLs launch the browser or the default FTP application to download the specified file .
However , you can use the same URLs with the wget command - line utility -- a robust utility for downloading files over HTTP , HTTPS , and FTP .
It supports . netrc files and is entirely non-interactive , making it ideal for automation .
If your system does not have wget , you can download its source code from the GNU Software Foundation .
It builds readily on all UNIX variants with just a few simple commands , and you can place the utility in your personal bin directory or in a central directory .
Assuming that you have a .netrc file in place , let 's look at some examples of what wget can do .
( In the examples below , the line number is provided for reference ; you do n't need to type the numbers . )
Listing 1 shows how to use wget to download files without leaving the comfort of the command line .
Listing 1 .
Using wget to download files at the command line
1 $ wget http://ftp.gnu.org/pub/gnu/wget/wget-1.10.2.tar.gz
--16:02:29 -- http://ftp.gnu.org/pub/gnu/wget/wget-1.10.2.tar.gz => `wget -1.10.2.tar.gz ' Resolving ftp.gnu.org ...
199.232.41.7 Connecting to ftp.gnu.org [199.232.41.7]:80 ... connected .
HTTP request sent , awaiting response ...
200 OK Length : 1,213,056 [ application / x- tar ]
100%[===================== >]
1,213,056 531.22K/s 16:02:37 ( 529.57 KB/s ) - `wget -1.10.2.tar.gz ' saved [ 1213056/1213056 ] 2 $ wget -q ftp://mirror.linux.duke.edu/pub/centos/4.3/os\
/i386/RELEASE-NOTES-en.html
3 $ cat url_list.txt http://www.wikipedia.com
http://valdez.barebones.com/pub/freeware/TextWrangler_2.1.3.dmg
4 $ wget - i - nv url_list .
txt 16:06:00 URL : http://www.wikipedia.org/ [ 33606 ] -> " index.html " [ 1 ]
16:06:41 URL : http://valdez.barebones.com/pub/freeware/
TextWrangler_2.1.3.dmg [ 9488296/9488296 ] -> " TextWrangler_2.1.3.dmg " [ 1 ]
FINISHED --16:06:41 -- Downloaded : 9,521,902 bytes in 2 files 5 $ ls RELEASE - NOTES-en.html index.html wget -1.10.2.tar.gz TextWrangler_2.1.3.dmg url_list.txt
Command 1 downloads the most recent wget source code from its project home page over HTTP .
By default , wget apprises you of progress .
You can disable all messages with the -q ( for quiet mode ) option .
Command 2 retrieves a version of the CentOS release notes over FTP , albeit very quietly .
Keeping URLs intact
Here 's a tip : Many HTTP URLs contain characters that are also special to your shell .
For example , many URLs contain a question mark (? ) , which separates the host name and path from a list of arguments .
However , the shell interprets the question mark as a wildcard .
To bypass interpretation by your shell , simply put the URL in single quotation marks .
To avoid strange and long filenames , use wget -o to name the output file .
Here 's an example : $ wget -o sharkey \
' http://www.example.com/\
download.cgi?proj=science&file=sharkey '
If you have a long list of URLs to download , you need not place each one on the command line .
Instead , you can create ( or rather , generate ) a list of URLs to download .
Command 3 shows url_list . txt , a simple text catalog containing two URLs ; Command 4 downloads the two URLs .
Use the - i option when you provide a list .
The - nv option -- an acronym for not verbose -- provides more concise messages .
Unless you provide a file name for the download file ( using the - o option ) , wget creates a new , local file with the same name as the remote file , omitting the entire leading URL .
Command 5 shows the four files downloaded in commands 1 through 3 .
The wget utility has many options and features .
It can spider an FTP or Web site and download a complete hierarchy of files .
You can also set a quota for automatic downloads , provide cookies , and continue a previous download that was interrupted .
Read the wget man page to learn about the tool 's many tricks .
Going up
The wget utility is invaluable for hands - off downloads , but it can't upload files .
Nor can it interoperate with secure FTP , telnet , and a host of other ( older and less - used ) Internet protocols .
For those kinds of transfers , you must turn to the veritable Swiss Army knife of networking : curl .
The curl command - line utility can get and put data , so it 's ideal for transferring local files to remote servers .
Better yet , the underpinning of curl -- the libcurl library -- has a rich application programming interface ( API ) that allows you to interrogate all the features of curl directly into your own applications .
The C , C++ , PHP , and Perl programming languages are just four of the many languages that can leverage libcurl .
If your system lacks curl and libcurl , you can download the source code from the libcurl home page .
Because curl can copy local files to remote servers , it 's ideal for small backups .
For example , Listing 2 shows a shell script that copies a directory full of database dumps to a remote FTP server for safekeeping .
Listing 2 .
Using curl to store database dumps remotely
foreach db ( mydns mysql cms tv radio ) /usr / bin/ mysqldump -- ppassword -- add - drop - table -Q -- complete - insert $ db > $ db.sql end find dbs - mtime - 1 - type f - name '*.sql ' - print | foreach file ( `xargs` ) curl -n - T $ file ftp://ftp1.archive.example.com
end
The curl -n command forces curl to read your .netrc file .
The - T option tells curl to upload the named file (s ) to the given URL .
If you omit the target file name , curl simply reuses the name of the file being uploaded .
As you might guess , curl has even more options than wget .
It 's worthwhile to read the curl man page and keep it in mind .
The curl project also maintains a list of uses , including instructions on how to use the HTTP POST and PUT commands , how to provide login credentials , how to use SSL certificates , and how to debug your curl requests .
A quick tip :
Try curl - v -- trace - ascii ... to generate tracing information .
Six addresses of separation
Modern computing depends largely on countless , spindly interconnections among machines of all shapes , sizes , and services .
Indeed , even in a small computing environment , one computer might be dedicated to e-mail , another to serving Web pages , and others to performing yet more specialized tasks .
In this environment -- typically connected by a local area network ( LAN ) , WAN , or Virtual Private Network ( VPN ) -- it 's quite common and necessary to log in to several computers per day .
Systems administrators bounce from one computer to another each and every hour , but it 's common for developers and other users to log in to require remote access for a critical application .
The X Window System and current desktop software make remote access fairly transparent : A window is a window , and the underlying application could be running on any computer .
But again , the command line has a special place , even in a mouse - centric world .
For example , how can you run the same command on multiple computers painlessly ?
Or , more simply , how do you launch an xterm window on the remote system ?
Remote system access is the purview of ssh and its derivatives , scp and sftp .
ssh is the secure version of rsh , while scp and sftp are secure replacements for rcp and FTP , respectively .
Why is it secure ?
ssh and its variants provide stronger authentication mechanisms and encrypt all traffic using your choice of several ciphers .
Even if someone sniffed your network , ssh traffic would look like so much gobblygook .
The simplest use of ssh is ssh hostname .
This command connects to hostname and presents you with a login and password prompt .
Provide the right credentials , and you 're in :
( www.joe.com) $ ssh web.example.com
Login : arthur Password : ****** ( web.example.com ) $
If you simply want to run one command on a remote system , you do n't need to log in .
Just provide the command as an argument to ssh .
For example , the command shown in Listing 3 runs hostname - a -v on the remote computer .
Listing 3 .
Use ssh to run a command on a remote system
( www.joe.com) $ ssh db.linux-mag.com hostname - a -v Login : vogon Password : ****** db gethostname ( )=`db.linux-mag.com ' Resolving `db.linux-mag.com ' ... Result : h_name=`db.linux-mag.com '
Result : h_aliases=`db ' Result : h_addr_list=`64.34.170.230 '
ssh opened a connection to db.linux - mag.com and passed the hostname - a -v arguments to the remote computer , which ran the command and returned the output to the local computer .
ssh also provides a convenient way to copy files and entire directories from one computer to another .
scp is almost as easy to use as cp .
Here 's an example :
( www.joe.com) $ scp -p -r ~/ myproject web.example.com :
This command copies the ~ / myproject directory to web.example.com .
If you omit a destination path name , files are copied to your home directory .
The -p option preserves the date and time stamps on all the files , while -r enables recursive mode , where scp descends and copies all subdirectories , as well .
By the way , the previous scp command is the equivalent of running :
( www.joe.com) $ tar czf - ~/ myproject | ssh www.example.com tar xvzf - Login : deepthought Password : ******
Yes , you can pipe the output of a local command to a remote command ( or vice versa ) .
Chances are , you 're already tired of all those password prompts .
Again , the repeated prompts simply slow down work and prevent automation .
You might also be tired of typing long host names over and over again .
Luckily , ssh supports public or private key authentication and system aliases .
Let 's set up a public or private key pair using the DSA encryption scheme .
To do so , you must generate the key pair , copy the public key to the remote system , add it to the list of known keys , and verify that everything works , as shown in Listing 4 .
Listing 4 . Creating and installing a public or private key
1 $ cd ~ 2 $ mkdir .ssh 3 $ chmod 700 .ssh 4 $ cd .ssh 5 $ ssh - keygen -t dsa Generating public / private dsa key pair .
Enter file in which to save the key ( /home/mstreicher/.ssh/id_dsa ) : ./id_dsa Enter passphrase ( empty for no passphrase ) : Enter same passphrase again :
Your identification has been saved in ./id_dsa .
Your public key has been saved in ./id_dsa.pub .
The key fingerprint is : 40:6c:26:e7:53:df:d1:7b:c4:79:c5:a8:cd:6b:fe:8e mstreicher@db.linux-mag.com
6 $ ls id_dsa id_dsa.pub 7 $ chmod 600 * 8 $ scp id_dsa.pub www.example.com: Login : marvin Password : ****** id_dsa 100 % 668 0.7KB/s 00:00 9 $ ssh www.example.com
Login : marvin Password : ****** A $ mkdir .ssh B $ chmod 700 .ssh C $ cd .ssh D $ cat ../id_dsa.pub >> authorized_keys E $ rm ../id_dsa.pub F $ chmod 600 * G $ logout 10 $ ssh www.example.com a $ hostname www.example.com b $ logout
Commands 1 through 3 create a private local directory named . ssh in your home directory .
This directory must be mode 700 , or ssh wo n't use public or private key authentication .
( You can see the same sequence of commands run on the remote computer in steps A through C. ) Command 5 creates the key pair using DSA .
For now , leave the two passphrases blank .
( They provide an extra level of security but add another authentication step . ) ssh - keygen generates two files : id_dsa ( the private key ) and id_dsa.pub ( the public key ) .
Step 6 shows the files , while Step 7 protects both keys .
Your keys must be mode 0600 or mode 0400 .
Passing wildcards to remote shells
Let 's say you want to list all the C source files in your remote home directory .
Locally , you 'd type something like ls - l *.c , so you try that through ssh : $ ssh www.example.com ls -l *.c
Two things might happen :
If you do n't have any C files in the current working directory on your local computer , the shell complains , zsh : no matches found : *.c , or , if you have C files in the current working directory that are n't in your home directory on the remote computer , the shell on the remote computer might complain , ls : whosit .c :
No such file or directory .
Scratching your head ?
The problem is that the wildcard * is being expanded by the local shell first , before the ssh command is sent .
What you intended was for * to be expanded on the remote system .
To do that , you must prevent the local shell from interpreting the wildcard ( again ) .
You can place the * in single quotation marks or use a backslash ( \ ) to escape the asterisk .
Then , the asterisk is passed as a regular character to the remote shell , where it is interpreted in the context of the remote computer .
Here are those two approaches -- use the one that suits each situation : $ ssh www.example.com ls -l \*.c
$ ssh www.example.com ls - l '*'.c
Step 8 copies the public key to the remote computer .
For now , you must type your password , but this is the last time .
Commands
A through C create the private .ssh directory , and Step D adds the public key to the list of authorized keys .
The name of the file -- authorized_keys -- is intentional .
Do not name the file differently .
Step E removes the copy of the key ; Step F protects the files , as in Step 7 .
When you log out and log back in , a password is no longer required .
ssh ( and scp and sftp ) tests your private key against the remote public key .
If a match is found , your credentials are sound and you can log in without further identification .
Some systems will always require a password ; other systems might prefer RSA over DSA .
Check with your systems administrator to find out how to log in to a specific computer .
Systems administrators can set some global settings , too , to make a system more accessible .
Online , everywhere , all the time
Nowadays , the Internet connects people far and wide in ways not experienced before in human history .
Whether sharing the details of your day in your blog or downloading source code for your next project , wires have replaced tires as the way to get around .
Web surfing is still a popular sport , but to make time for real surfing , developers have created ways to automate file transfers of all kinds .
Using scripts and a few UNIX utilities , you can keep your external Web and download sites current .
You can download and upload files with just a few keystrokes , making the process quick and easy .
And if you create a .netrc file , you can hasten the effort even more .
No more passwords .
Now that your mind is clear , put the top down and take a road trip on the information superhighway .
See you at the Restaurant at the End of the Fiber .
Last one there picks up the tab !
Downloadable resources
Related topics
