Porn Film Director Anna Arrowsmith , Aka Anna Span , Is LibDem Candiate For Kent
ANNA Arrowsmith , also known as director Anna Span , is MD of Easy on the Eye Productions , purveyors of such titles as Good Service , Hoxton Honey , Hug A Hoodie and Uniform Behaviour .
Mrs Arrowsmith is the Liberal Democrat prospective parliamentary candidate for Gravesham , Kent .
As the blurb for Good Service says :
What does one have to do to get a decent shag these days ?
Become an MP ?
Jacqui Smith is yet to respond but should Mrs Arrowsmith get the vote , MPs and their spouses may qualify for some kind of staff discount .
Mrs Arrowsmith says :
“ If people do n’t know what I do for a living then they would never know .
The local party and the local people who I have so far met have seen that I ’m very driven . ”
A spokesman for the Liberal Democrats offers :
“ The Liberal Democrats are proud to have candidates throughout the country with a great diversity of backgrounds and life experiences .
Anna will be a strong candidate for Gravesham , and with her family links to the area we believe she is the best person to bring fairness to local people . ”
Labour prospective parliamentary candidate for Gravesham Kathryn Smith is not in the least bit patronising when she says :
“ What Anna does is certainly an unusual occupation but that is her choice and it does n’t offend me . ”
Adding :
“ What concerns me more is the Liberal Democrat ’s confusion on the economy and soft approach on crime .
They flip flop between expensive spending commitments one minute and promises of tax cuts the next . ”
But Anna Span is good on health .
This from A&O Department :
After many frustrated years working for the National Health clinics , these buxom matrons started their very own private hospital to service the needy .
And as for being tough on crime – there ’s the Uniform Behaviour training video :
Britain ’s hard working emergency services caught with their pants down !
Often in groups of three or four .
They ’ll do whatever the job requires to serve the public
Vote Anna .
And vote often !
Privately , Anna has been into all sorts of things including the contemporary arts , film , music , philosophy , photography , travelling ( in early twenties she travelled around U.S.A , Cuba , Jamaica , Israel , Egypt , Europe , South Africa , Namibia and Zimbabwe , ) reading , fashion , music , shopping – and porn , porn , porn !!!
Top Ten Political Skin Flicks Ever :
Home Sexretary
Phwoar !
On Terror
Supergun – Iraq Tails
Private Members Bill
Her Majesty ’s Pleasure
The All - Women Shorts List
Under -Secretary of State
Administer For Women
Nine Into 11
Cabinet Reshuffle
Anorak
Posted : 11th , March 2010 | In : Reviews Comment ( 1 ) | TrackBack | Permalink
The ban on refuelling and the requirement to stop at least once for the second available tyre compound resulted in all the top drivers coming in around the same time ; the change to the points system had no noticeable effect on overtaking ; and even if the drivers had wanted to overtake they could not because the diffusers ( which should have been outlawed last year ) create too much downforce for the leading cars and too much turbulence for those following .
FOOTAGE of a drunk police officer hurling abuse at bouncers after she was knocked back at a Melbourne hotel threatens to bring the force into disrepute .
The video footage shows the off - duty officer slurring her words and threatening bouncers , before flashing her badge - the ultimate act of stupidity .
It comes as alcohol - fuelled violence is peaking on the streets .
The officer blew up after she was refused entry to Hotel Nest in Albert Park .
She takes aim at security staff , telling them : " Listen , I 'm a police officer , OK . "
The bouncer replies that she " should know better " .
" I 'm not going to get in a bloody fight , " she insists .
" I 'm here to f------ boogie . "
The bouncers try to defuse the situation , explaining they cannot let in drunk people because they would be fined .
" If you breathalyse me I am under 0.05 .
I can guarantee it , " she maintains .
When she realises that they will not budge , her temper flares .
" Are you in fear of me ? " she demands .
" Are you in fear of me ?
You 're not in fear of me .
I 'm not assaulting you .
You 're a f------ idiot . "
But it 's taken to another level when the off - duty officer flashes her badge at the bouncer 's camera .
One veteran officer said the member risked a charge of bringing the force into disrepute , regarded as serious misconduct .
" If you do that , you can be for the high - jump , " he said .
The officer said producing the badge , nicknamed Freddy by members of the force , was a major mistake .
" Had she not done that ( produced her badge ) , it might have all blown over , " he said .
Video of the incident has been handed to Victoria Police , who will conduct an ethical standards investigation .
" The conduct depicted in the footage aired by A Current Affair is in no way acceptable , " a force spokesman said .
" The Victoria Police ethical standards department will be conducting an investigation . "
Originally published as Drunk police officer caught on camera
Distributed workforce
Various posts on working as a virtual - team :
http://toni.org/2010/03/08/5-reasons-why-your-company-should-be-distributed/
CEO of Automattic discusses the benefits of a distributed organization .
http://www.inc.com/magazine/20091101/the-way-i-work-jason-fried-of-37signals.html
Jason Fried of 37 Signals on how he works .
http://download.fileit.in/Talking_About_Design_-_WSJ.pdf
WSJ interview with Bang & Olufsen chief designer David Lewis .
We get an insight how the designers in this wonderful company work .
http://www.bang-olufsen.com/designer/anders-hermansen
Profile of Anders Hermansen of Bang & Olufsen .
We get a rare insight into his way of work .
http://fileit.in/p/31
My own experience of working - from - home .
http://www.inc.com/articles/2010/02/the-office-telecommute.html
Leigh Buchanan of Inc has been working from home for the past four years .
She shares her advice with entrepreneurs ( as well as her newly - virtual colleagues ) on how to do it right .
http://www.inc.com/magazine/20100401/the-case-and-the-plan-for-the-virtual-company_pagen_2.html
Inc Magazine 's experiment of going virtual for a month .
Scientology officials have said the film is incorrect and are investigating legal means to prevent the programme from being broadcast Jürg Stettler , a spokesman for Scientology in Germany said : " The truth is precisely the opposite of that which the ARD is showing . "
Mr Stettler said the organisation was planning its own film to " spread our own side of the story " .
Editor 's note :
The staff at CNN.com has recently been intrigued by the journalism of VICE , an independent media company and Web site based in Brooklyn , New York .
VBS.TV is broadband television network of VICE .
The reports , which are produced solely by VICE , reflect a transparent approach to journalism , where viewers are taken along on every step of the reporting process .
We believe this unique reporting approach is worthy of sharing with our CNN.com readers .
Brooklyn , New York ( VBS.TV ) --
Set beside the Imperial Valley in southeastern California , the Salton Sea area was supposed to be Hollywood 's answer to the Riviera back in the '50s .
But its developers failed to anticipate the raw sewage that would run up the New River from Mexico and make survival impossible for many aquatic species .
Rotting fish guts and toxic debris soon littered the shoreline .
Construction projects were abandoned and yet another impotent vision of luxury tourism was left flaccid .
Thanks again , trash !
See the rest of Toxic : Imperial Valley at VBS.TV
Today the entire Imperial Valley is an apocalyptic dustbowl in the center of the California badlands .
We set out to explore this fetid bouillabaisse .
What we found were remnants of the Chocolate Mountain Aerial Gunnery Range , a half - million - acre plot that was once the practice site for various governmental bombardiers .
It is the place of business for the residents of a nearby compound known as Slab City -- a mostly insane coterie of fun-hunting drifters , vets , addicts , artists and crazies who subsist on sautéed snake , lukewarm Tecate , money earned from scrapping bombshell fragments and what 's left of their wits .
It 's pretty much all that remains of the Wild West .
Bail Bondsmen in the U.S.A .
Here we have created a complete list of bail bondsmen offices and related services .
This website is in demand for emergencies all across America .
Getting out of jail is much easier when using a bail bondsmen because the judge often demands a very large sum of money for the privelege of being set free .
The bail bonds office will typically have friendly and extremely helpful employees that are on your side and will get you a reduced rate from what the judge has ordered , provided that you or a friend can come up with the money to pay the bond company .
Some bail bondsmen are open 24 hours a day for your accommodation .
Benefits of Hiring a Local Bail Bonds Company
No one on this earth planet wants to call for bondsmen , but due to some situations they have to look at them .
When you receive a call from your loved one at midnight informing you that he ’s been arrested , you first want to know about how to arrange a bail .
However , if you are a rich person with loads of money , you do n’t need to worry about the bail amount , but if you area person who is also dealing with several EMIs , you must have to think about it .
You are n’t supposed to arrange a big money within no time when an emergency occurs .
But you need n’t worry at all as there are lots of bail bond agencies available to help you .
However , there ’re different types of options available to choose from when it comes to availing services of bail bonds providers , but finding a right company is certainly the most essential task to accomplish .
National Vs Local
There are two types of options available to go with i.e. national level big companies and small - sized local companies .
Going with a bigger agency mean you do n’t need to worry about the amount of money .
It is true that big companies offer exclusive services , but it does n’t mean that choosing a local bail bond agency is of no use .
Are you still confused ?
If yes , then you need to go through stated below benefits of availing the services of a local bail bond company .
Denver Bail Bonds
Bail bonds mobile AL
Customize Services
The first and certainly the most important benefit of choosing a local agency is that they offer you customize services .
Unlike big companies , a small - sized local company never overlooks the requirements of its clients .
It is often seen that most of the contemporary individuals prefer going with a big company just because they have heard a lot about them through TV , newspaper and online ads , but it does n’t mean that bigger is always better .
If you are looking for personal attention and a service designed keeping your requirements in mind , you need to look nowhere else but local bail bond companies .
Knowledge
Needless to say your neighbor is more able to understand your requirements than a friend residing miles away from you .
This is another significant benefit that you can hope to be given by local agencies .
Choosing a local bail bond company means you will be able to receive knowledgeable services .
Since a local company runs its business in a certain area , it is well - versed with the local system , judicial and professionals in the field .
It means that going with a local company means you will be able to avail high quality of services .
Personal Interaction
Instead of discussing your problem either over the phone or through online methods , it is still best to sit with a person and discuss your issues in a face - to - face interaction .
Going with a local bail bond agency means you will be able to discuss your problem with a person who can see you and feel you .
However , a few people may find it a useless point to consider , but choosing the right communication mode can change various things .
The origins of language have long been a mystery , but mounting evidence hints that our unique linguistic abilities could have evolved from gestural communication in our ancestors .
Such gesturing may also explain why most people are right - handed .
Researchers at the Yerkes National Primate Research Center recently ex­am­ined captive chimpanzees and found that most of them predominantly used their right hand when communicating with one another — for example , when greeting another chimp by extending an arm .
The animals did not show this hand preference for noncommunicative actions , such as wiping their noses .
Such lateralized hand use suggests that chimpanzees have a system in their left brain hemisphere that is coupled to the production of com­municative gestures , says study author William Hopkins .
The same cerebral hemisphere is host to most language functions in humans , which hints that an ancestral gestural system could have been the precursor for language , he says .
That notion is supported by previous studies that have shown anatomical asymmetries in chimpanzees ’ brains in areas that are considered to be ho­mo­logues of human language centers , such as Broca ’s area , Hopkins says .
­“ Chimps that gesture with their right hand typically have a larger left Broca ’s area , and those that do n’t show a [ hand ] bias typically do n’t show any asymmetry in the brain , ” he notes .
The idea that language emerged from an ancestral gestural system located in the left brain hemisphere could explain why the vast majority of people are right - handed , Hopkins says .
If gesturing was strongly selected for in human evolution , then the fact that most people are right - handed is a consequence of that .
This hypothesis challenges the long - held view that the opposite scenario is true : that right - handedness emerged for motor skills such as tool use and that communi­cation built on the developed asymmetry in the motor system later .
Al aferrarse a su jefe de policía , Ebrard ha mantenido viva una crisis que ya contaminó a su procurador .
Las opciones futuras de Ebrard no son buenas : el desgaste de su imagen pública continuará mientras sigan surgiendo evidencias de malos y torpes manejos en el caso , y - cuando el interés de los deudos y el público comience a decaer - Calderón podría despedir a su procurador y jefe policiaco por incompetentes .
Más aún , el Senado podría llamar a cuentas al mismo Jefe de Gobierno .
El caso del News Divine ha dejado al orgulloso perredista en donde menos quería estar : en manos de Calderón y Beltrones .
Pero ninguno se ha apresurado a hacer del perredista un mártir .
Ambos –junto con López Obrador , que medra con la desgracia de Ebrard– lo están dejando arder a fuego lento .
Como hace diferencia una semana en política .
La reproducción total de este contenido no está permitida sin autorización previa de CIDAC .
Para su reproducción parcial se requiere agregar el link a la publicación en cidac.org .
Todas las imágenes , gráficos y videos pueden retomarse con el crédito correspondiente , sin modificaciones y con un link a la publicación original en cidac.org
Comentarios
He is in the car .
I am in the car .
Physically we are , both of us , in the car .
Still , I wonder .
It ’s now January .
In December , I spent a week traversing the Philippine archipelago in a vain attempt to speak with this man .
Though it is difficult to arrive at an exact number , it is safe to say that during that week , slightly less than half the national population of 90 million people assured me with a wink that they would get me " in the car " with Manny Pacquiao .
But there had been no car .
No Manny Pacquiao .
( Pronounced like a comic - book sound effect : pack - ee- ow ! )
I did spend the afternoon of the man ’s thirty - first birthday in his living room , playing a series of increasingly aggressive Christmas carols on his Yamaha grand piano in a last - ditch effort to flush him from his bedroom .
( It was five in the afternoon .
He had risen for the day an hour earlier . )
But there was no Manny .
At 6 p.m. , in a single brisk movement , he descended from the balcony — eerily reminiscent of the one on which Al Pacino dies after screaming , " Say hello to my lee - tle frien ’ ! " in Scarface — and out to a waiting caravan .
He brushed my shoulder without looking at me as he passed .
Or did he ?
Later , I could not shake my suspicion that the shoulder brush , the whole trip , was a dream .
A vivid dream , of a place where every soul and every thing was lit from within by the still , small voice of Manny Pacquiao — Manny … Emmanuel …
Hebrew for " God is with us " — but where Manny Pacquiao himself was nowhere to be seen .
But now , at a promotional event in Texas , the first bor ever to win seven world titles in as many weight divisions , the first athlete ever to appear on a Philippine postage stamp , a man who in 2008 portrayed the Philippine warrior Lapu - Lapu , whose forces killed Magellan and repelled his conquistadores , in a reenactment of the 1521 Battle of Mactan , a man who often survives on three hours ’ sleep and is said to possess a photographic memory , is " in the car . "
As am I .
" Manny , " I begin , " one of the many reasons GQ wants to feature you is that we want to explain why your appeal in the United States extends far beyond the sport of boxing .
Do you have a theory about this ? "
The members of his posse , encircling him at ten , two , three , four , six , eight , and nine o’clock , lean in and look .
Nothing about the man moves .
He remains perfectly postured , eyes forward , arms crossed , the vertical of his chassis aligned with , determining , the center of the SUV ’s bench seat and of the vehicle itself .
Time passes .
" Manny , " I begin again , " are you aware that millions of people in this country who do n’t follow boxing follow you ? "
I can see myself reflected in his oversize mirrored Oakleys .
I look ridiculous .
After a time , the tiniest parting of the lips , just a sliver of a shadow between them , and a low exhalation :
" Yaaah . "
Then Manny Pacquiao tilts his head back several degrees to indicate the departure of his presence .
It is then , at long last , that a phrase Pacquiao ’s people use to explain his mysterious ways — which is n’t an explanation at all but a surrender — begins to seem adequate .
Because he is Pacquiao .
After the car ride , we all fly to New York on his promoter ’s plane .
There is great consternation in the hangar prior to departure .
Five men huddle over a small package .
They look ashen , cancer - stricken .
A decision is reached .
The tallest of them , a Canadian named Michael Koncz , takes the package and marches , as if toward his own death , onto the airplane .
Eric Cantor blames Democrats for ' fanning the flames ' on threats .
Cantor : Republicans threatened , too
House Minority Whip Eric Cantor blamed top Democrats for “ fanning the flames ” regarding threats to members of Congress — and says his office in Richmond was shot at earlier this week .
Cantor , a Virginia Republican , said the heads of the Democratic National Committee and the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee are using allegations of harassment and threats to Democrats nationwide for political purposes .
Advertisement
Cantor said he does n’t release information about the incidents of threats against himself to the media because it would only ratchet up violence .
But he did say a bullet shot through the window in his campaign office in Richmond on Monday evening , and he has received threats because he is Jewish .
According to a statement by the Richmond Police department , the bullet struck the window in a " downward direction " and broke the window , but did not penetrate the window blinds – suggesting that it was not a point blank shot at Cantor ’s office window .
" There was no other damage to the room , which is used occasionally for meetings by the congressman , " the statement reads .
“ [ I ] have deep concerns that some , DCCC Chairman Chris Van Hollen and DNC Chairman Tim Kaine in particular , are dangerously fanning the flames by suggesting that these incidents be used as a political weapon , ” Cantor said .
Democrats and Republicans today moved to distance themselves from the violence .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif. ) said “ we all reject ” any derisive language used by protestors Sunday in the lead up to the health care vote .
The top House Democrat said protesters and those engaging in violence and threats should not be lumped together .
Meanwhile , House Minority Leader John Boehner of Ohio said that the “ violence and the threats are unacceptable . ”
Tea party organizers across the country have also condemned the threats and vandalism .
Republicans and Democrats have joint statement ready that would condemn the violence and threats directed at members , a Democratic aide said .
DNC Spokesman Brad Woodhouse said their response has been “ entirely appropriate . ”
“ Instead of trying to distract from the issue with more attacks , we would ask Mr. Cantor and other Republicans to join Chairman Kaine in working to ratchet down the rhetoric , condemn deplorable behavior and disagree on these issues without being disagreeable , ” Woodhouse wrote in an e-mailed response .
Cantor , the highest ranking Jew in Congress , said that security threats are not a partisan issue and they should be handled by law enforcement officials .
“ I ’m not naïve enough to think that letters , statements or press releases will prevent anyone disturbed enough to commit violence from acting , ” Cantor said .
“ But I do know that such letters statements and press releases can very easily fan the flames by ratcheting up the rhetoric , some would only inflame these situations to dangerous levels .
Enough is enough it has to stop . ”
Another Republican , Jean Schmidt of Ohio , received a profanity laced voice mail this week in which the caller wished that the congresswoman had broken her back in a recent accident .
Boehner said rancorous debate on the floor of the House has been present over the past several months from both political parties .
He said “ threats and violence should not be part of a political debate ” and denied seeing his members holding “ Kill the Bill ” signs on a balcony outside the Capitol — Democrats have said this ginned up anger .
He also dismissed calling Rep. Steve Driehaus ( D - Ohio ) a “ dead man , ” saying he meant it in a political sense .
Few noticed the quote before Driehaus himself brought it up , Boehner said .
When asked if Democratic members should be concerned about their safety — as House Majority Leader Steny Hoyer said Wednesday — Boehner did n’t disagree .
“ They ’re in the middle of this and I have no reason to discount what they said , ” he said .
Dutch far right politician , who was last year banned from the UK , said film showing was a ' victory for freedom of speech '
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
The controversial far - right Dutch politician Geert Wilders appeared at the House of Lords today to screen an anti-Islam film and denounce the religion as " totalitarian " and incompatible with democracy .
The visit , which was originally planned for last year , sparked demonstrations from anti-fascists and a show of support from the far - right English Defence League .
Wilders , 46 , who leads the Freedom party , was banned from the UK when Jacqui Smith was home secretary .
She said his presence had the potential to " threaten community harmony and therefore public safety " .
Wilders succeeded in getting the ban overturned and told a press conference that he had screened his film in the Lords and discussed it afterwards in what he termed a " victory for freedom of speech " .
" I had to debate with people who disagreed with me and people who agreed with me , " he said .
Wilders said he had " nothing against Muslims whatsoever " but Islam was a " totalitarian religion " .
" Islamism and democracy are incompatible .
The more Islam we have , the more freedom we will lose and this is something worth fighting for . "
Wilders , whose film describes the Koran as a fascist book , has received death threats for denouncing Islam and has been under close protection for more than five years .
This afternoon he repeated the views that have angered Muslims in Europe and across the globe , saying Islam was a " fascist ideology " , " a violent and dangerous religion and a retarded culture " .
Wilders , who visited the Lords at the invitation of the UK Independence party leader Lord Pearson and the crossbencher Baroness Cox , said : " Cultural relativism is the greatest disease we face in Europe today . "
Lord Pearson said that while he and Wilders – " a very great man " – agreed on many things he did not support his Dutch colleague 's desire for the Koran to be outlawed .
" If Geert is still calling for the Koran to be banned like Mein Kampf then I would not agree with him , " he said .
" [ But ] the Koran should be very much more discussed among the Muslim community . "
When Wilders was asked whether he would engage with Muslims who reinterpreted their holy book in a manner more compatible with his views , he replied : " If you tear the hateful passages out of the Koran , you would get Donald Duck . "
In any case , he said , Muslims would never abandon the text of what he called " a terrible book " .
Lord Pearson denied suggestions that Wilders 's visit had been a publicity stunt designed to woo those on the far right , saying it was a multi-party event .
Asked how many people had attended the event in the Lords , he said " about half a dozen " , adding that he was not aware of any objections or boycotts .
Wilders was escorted from the press conference as a crowd of about 100 protesters from Unite Against Fascism ( UAF ) demonstrated against both his visit and the presence nearby of the far - right English Defence League , who had turned out to welcome the Dutch politician .
A large - scale police operation ensured that UAF and the EDL were kept well apart .
While the anti-fascists were waving placards reading " EDL+ BNP=Nazi racist thugs " and chanting " EDL , go to hell , and take your Nazi mates as well " , members of the league were massing further up the Thames outside Tate Britain .
After waiting around for two hours outside the gallery and in a nearby pub , the 300 EDL demonstrators began marching towards Parliament Square just before 2.30 pm .
Flanked by mounted officers and escorted by a thick police line , the EDL members wore shirts bearing the names of their divisions – Glossop , Blackburn , Oldham , Stockport , Merseyside – and carried placards reading : " Gert [ sic ]
Wilders , England Salutes You " and " England needs a Gert [ sic ] " .
The point of the march appeared to have been lost on at least one EDL member .
Spying a Dutch tricolour carried in salute to Wilders , he asked his fellow demonstrators : " What you got a French flag for ? "
WASHINGTON —
In his first full day at the White House almost 14 months ago , President Obama declared openness and transparency to be touchstones of his administration , and he ordered federal agencies to make it easier for the public to get information on the workings of government .
Indeed , Mr. Obama ’s administration has posted White House visitor logs online , it has made public the once - classified memorandums on torture policies in the George W. Bush administration , and it has developed an internal system for archiving its own unclassified e-mail messages .
But a new report released Sunday by a private research group , the National Security Archive , suggests that the results of Mr. Obama ’s push for transparency have been decidedly mixed across the federal government , with progress slow and erratic .
The report found that despite Mr. Obama ’s directive for agencies to take “ affirmative steps ” to make more information public through the Freedom of Information Act , many agencies do not appear to have made any concrete changes .
It also found little indication that most federal agencies were releasing information any more frequently or rejecting public requests for information any less often .
Did you know that when you email a photo from the camera roll on your iPhone , the resolution of the picture is automatically degraded to 800x600 ?
This makes sense if you do n't need to send anything at a higher quality resolution .
But what if you need to send the full resolution photo ?
The original iPhone and iPhone 3G both take photos at 1600x1200 resolution .
The iPhone 3GS with its auto - focus camera takes photos at 2048x1536 resolution .
The solution to this problem is simple if you 're running iPhone OS 3.0 or later .
Hold down on either the thumbnail of the image in the camera roll , or directly on the image and " Copy " will appear .
Touch " Copy " and it will turn blue .
This copies the full - sized image to the clipboard .
Now compose a new email and hold down until " Paste " appears .
Touch " Paste " and it will insert the full - sized image into the new email .
Another way to copy and paste one or more photos is to open the camera roll and touch the share button on the lower left corner .
Select the thumbnails of the photos you 'd like to send , then select the " Copy " button in the middle of the bottom menu to copy full resolution versions to the clipboard .
Now you can paste them all into the same ( large ) email .
Remember , the default 600x800 images are only around 140 kilobytes .
If you 're sending an iPhone 3GS photo at full resolution the file will be around 1.3 megabytes .
This is a significantly larger file , so only do this if you need the extra detail .
Shutterstock
ON THE face of it the world 's big and publicly quoted oil companies should be celebrating some pleasing results this week .
Royal Dutch
Shell unveiled its results on Thursday February 4th , reporting that it had made $ 9.8 billion in 2009 .
Two days earlier BP boasted profits of $ 14 billion for the same year .
Yet these billions are a disappointment compared with the bonanza of previous years ( Shell , for example , raked in $ 31.4 billion in 2008 alone ) when soaring oil prices pulled profits ever higher .
In the long term , however , the firms ' success depends on sustaining reserves .
The big western oil companies are trying to expand through acquisitions and investment , but the opportunities do so are becoming scarcer .
The firms are spending where they can .
Exxon Mobil , the biggest listed oil company , says that exploration and capital spending hit $ 27.1 billion in 2009 , 4 % higher than in 2008 .
The company expects to spend $ 25 billion to $ 30 billion annually to the same end over the next five years .
BP intends to spend some $ 20 billion this year on investment in new projects and drilling , roughly the same level as last year .
But there are limits to what money can buy .
State - controlled rivals — in the Middle East , Russia and beyond — jealously guard oil reserves on their home patches .
Few new big fields of oil , at least those that are easy to reach and cheap to exploit , have been discovered in recent years .
And where new opportunities emerge , such as in Iraq , Western oil giants are scrambling to pay big sums at auctions for drilling rights in territory where the local government tightly limits their returns .
Even then , competition from Chinese , Russian and other state - run oil firms can be severe .
National oil companies will often pay prices that would alarm shareholders in the big listed oil companies .
Thus Western firms are increasingly looking for different sorts of growth .
One option is to deploy their expertise in the hunt for oil that is harder to reach , for example deep offshore , or to go for reserves such as tar sands that are trickier , and so much pricier , to refine .
Another route is to speed up the quest for other energy reserves .
France 's Total has branched out into nuclear - power generation .
This week Shell announced a $ 12 billion joint - venture with Cosan , a Brazilian producer of ethanol from sugar cane .
This is something of a change of tack .
Exxon and Shell are both spending money on “ second generation ” biofuels made from algae or waste materials , but these could take years to develop .
Now Shell can sell Cosan's “ first generation ” wares through it global distribution network .
By far the biggest bet laid , however , has been on natural gas .
Around 40 % of Shell 's daily production is now in the form of gas .
Total and BP are not far behind .
Gas is increasingly important for power generation and heating and the global market is expected to grow by half by 2030 .
Big oil companies are keen to expand , calculating that their skills at managing huge capital projects will be useful when building gas - liquefaction plants that make the stuff readily transportable .
Late last year Chevron , Shell and Exxon agreed to spend $ 37 billion to develop the Gorgon field off Australia , another potentially huge source of gas .
Nonetheless investors remain cautious because prices are volatile .
Exxon 's shares fell in December when the firm bid $ 30 billion for XTO Energy , which gets its gas from “ unconventional ” shale beds .
Gas prices have tumbled in the past couple of years as new projects , especially shale , came on stream just as the global recession lessened demand .
And technological improvements have made the huge reserves of gas in America , from shale beds and the like , a commercial prospect .
BP believes that these factors will keep gas prices weak for three or four years , but it could be longer .
Though national oil companies have forced the Western oil giants to look farther afield for new reserves , the oil prices , unlike gas prices , are supported by the state - owned firms that make up OPEC .
Pick up lines Pickup lines used at your own risk
Is your name Pepsi cause ' I 've gotta have it .
I ’ve had the pleasure of blogging for gulacy.com in the past before the days of WordPress .
Paul Gulacy is a talented artist with a lifetime of experience .
I got his answers on everything from copyright litigation to comic conventions .
I even got his insight on Iron Man and Jonah Hex .
“ I don�t even mind fans criticizing .
When you don�t hear anything , that �s when you worry . ”
~ Paul Gulacy
Continue on to my article posted over at GEN online .
Isolated wolf population retains genetic variation
The 150 wolves living in Scandinavia descended from just three individuals , which sounds like a recipe for inbreeding .
But new research reveals that the wolves are , surprisingly , genetically diverse .
“ Small isolated populations in the wild may not lose genetic variation as quickly as predicted , ” say Staffan Bensch of Lund University in Sweden and eight coauthors in PLoS ONE .
The researchers determined the levels of wolf inbreeding each year from 1991 to 2001 according to both their pedigree and their genetic diversity .
The latter was estimated by analyzing DNA in blood , fur , and scats from 85 wolves ; all together , 31 DNA stretches , each having two to five variants , were considered .
Based on the wolf ’s pedigree , inbreeding has been rising since the mid-1990s and has reached the level of siblings mating with each other .
The DNA analysis tells a different story .
The actual decrease in genetic diversity has been quite small .
This unexpected finding led the researchers to compare the DNA of wolves that had bred to those that had not , which led to another surprise : the wolves that breed the most are also those that have the most genetic variation .
On average over the course of the study , breeding wolves were 14 percent more genetically diverse than nonbreeders .
The researchers speculate that genetic diversity could make wolves either healthier and thus more capable of breeding or more attractive to mates and thus more likely to have the opportunity to breed .
Either way , these findings could benefit other small , isolated populations of carnivores .
For example , if other species also avoid inbreeding on their own , managers wo n’t need to introduce new individuals as often as expected to bolster genetic diversity .
By Robin Meadows
Grenyer , R. et al. 2006 .
Global distribution and conservation of rare and threatened vertebrates .
Nature 444( 7115):93 -96 .
S. Bensch et al. 2006 .
Selection for hetero- zygosity gives hope to a wild population of inbred wolves .
PLoS ONE 1( 1):e72 .
© Tammy Wolfe/iStockphoto.com
opensnoop ( Mac file open watcher )
© May 2019 Anthony Lawrence
One of the fun things to do with any new OS that runs bash is to hit a random letter and then TAB twice .
As you probably know , that displays commands in your search path that begin with the letter (s ) you typed .
That 's what led me to sandbox - exec yesterday , and it's what brought me to " opensnoop " today .
Opensnoop uses the powerful Dtrace facility , which does mean that you need to run it with " sudo " , but if you can do that , it can watch any or all files you like for " open " events - including failed opens ( which can be useful for troubleshooting and is far less wordy than poring through strace output ) .
By the way , there is a large pile of pre-made Dtrace scripts available on Leopard .
An " apropos Dtrace " shows me all these :
bitesize .d( 1 m ) - analyse disk I /O size by process .
Uses DTrace cpuwalk .d( 1 m ) - Measure which CPUs a process runs on .
Uses DTrace creatbyproc.d( 1m ) - snoop creat ( ) s by process name .
Uses DTrace dappprof ( 1 m ) - profile user and lib function usage .
Uses DTrace dapptrace ( 1 m ) - trace user and library function usage .
Uses DTrace diskhits ( 1 m ) - disk access by file offset .
Uses DTrace dispqlen .d ( 1 m ) - dispatcher queue length by CPU .
Uses DTrace dtrace ( 1 ) - generic front - end to the DTrace facility dtruss ( 1 m ) - process syscall details .
Uses DTrace errinfo ( 1 m ) - print errno for syscall fails .
Uses DTrace execsnoop ( 1 m ) - snoop new process execution .
Uses DTrace fddist ( 1 m ) - file descriptor usage distributions .
Uses DTrace filebyproc.d( 1m ) - snoop opens by process name .
Uses DTrace hotspot .d ( 1 m ) - print disk event by location .
Uses DTrace httpdstat .d( 1 m ) - realtime httpd statistics .
Uses DTrace iofile .d ( 1 m ) - I/ O wait time by file and process .
Uses DTrace iofileb .d ( 1 m ) - I / O bytes by file and process .
Uses DTrace iopattern ( 1 m ) - print disk I /O pattern .
Uses DTrace iopending ( 1 m ) - plot number of pending disk events .
Uses DTrace iosnoop ( 1 m ) - snoop I / O events as they occur .
Uses DTrace iotop ( 1 m ) - display top disk I / O events by process .
Uses DTrace kill .d( 1 m ) - snoop process signals as they occur .
Uses DTrace lastwords ( 1 m ) - print syscalls before exit .
Uses DTrace loads .d ( 1 m ) - print load averages .
Uses DTrace newproc.d ( 1 m ) - snoop new processes .
Uses DTrace opensnoop ( 1 m ) - snoop file opens as they occur .
Uses DTrace pathopens .d ( 1 m ) - full pathnames opened ok count .
Uses DTrace pidpersec .d ( 1 m ) - print new PIDs per sec .
Uses DTrace plockstat ( 1 ) - front - end to DTrace to print statistics about POSIX mutexes and read / write locks priclass .
d ( 1 m ) - priority distribution by scheduling class .
Uses DTrace pridist .d ( 1 m ) - process priority distribution .
Uses DTrace procsystime ( 1m ) - analyse system call times .
Uses DTrace runocc.d ( 1 m ) - run queue occupancy by CPU .
Uses DTrace rwbypid .d ( 1 m ) - read / write calls by PID .
Uses DTrace rwbytype .d( 1 m ) - read / write bytes by vnode type .
Uses DTrace rwsnoop ( 1 m ) - snoop read / write events .
Uses DTrace sampleproc ( 1 m ) - sample processes on the CPUs .
Uses DTrace seeksize .
d ( 1 m ) - print disk event seek report .
Uses DTrace setuids .d( 1 m ) - snoop setuid calls as they occur .
Uses DTrace sigdist .
d ( 1 m ) - signal distribution by process .
Uses DTrace syscallbypid.d ( 1m ) - syscalls by process ID .
Uses DTrace syscallbyproc.d( 1m ) - syscalls by process name .
Uses DTrace syscallbysysc.d( 1m ) - syscalls by syscall .
Uses DTrace topsyscall ( 1m ) - top syscalls by syscall name .
Uses DTrace topsysproc ( 1m ) - top syscalls by process name .
Uses DTrace weblatency .d( 1 m ) - website latency statistics .
Uses DTrace
I 'll only look at " opensnoop " today , but obviously there 's a lot of territory to be explored here ..
The man page for " opensnoop " implies that you can use it to watch a specific file .
You can , but it 's not particularly smart about it .
For example , the man page suggests :
opensnoop -f /etc / passwd
Well , there 's a grand idea , right ?
But let 's test it out , shall we ?
After typing that ( with sudo , of course ) , I 'll see this :
$ sudo opensnoop -f /etc / passwd Password : UID PID COMM FD PATH
Switching to another screen , I type " cat /etc / passwd " , and when I return , I see :
UID PID COMM FD PATH 501 60638 cat 3 /etc / passwd
Wonderful !
Looks like I can easily watch any file I like , right ?
Well , no .. not exactly .
If I instead do :
cd /etc cat passwd
Opensnoop does n't notice .
Now , opensnoop is just a shell script that prepares a Dtrace script and runs it , so if you wanted to dig into the details of Dtrace ( I 'd like to , but not today ) , you could probably remedy this ignorance .
Or you could only monitor the most likely usages ( / etc / passwd , passwd , ./ passwd ) - after all , how likely is it that a program would open " /usr/../etc/passwd " ?
Running just " opensnoop " ( no arguments ) watches everything .
That can be an eye - opener .. there 's a lot going on that you probably never thought about .
Certain programs are more active than others : Parallels is constantly opening files even when I 'm not using it , but even things you 'd expect to sit quietly waiting for you to Alt - Tab will cause " opensnoop " to spit out some data now and then .. why did Preview suddenly need to open /.vol /234881026/9411827 just now ?
I sure do n't know , but it is no wonder my battery life is n't so great when I leave all these other apps running and ready to Alt - Tab to ..
You can also snoop a specific process by name or process id .
" sudo opensnoop -n Preview " keeps an eye on that sneaky Preview app ..
Got something to add ?
Send me email .
Inspired by a friend 's Facebook request for SMTP wedding vows , I came up with this : EHLO mail.happycouple.org 250-OK 250 - We are gathered here today to join together bride and groom in matrimony .
250 - If it is your intention to take each other as husband and wife , 250 please continue with two ESMTP transactions .
MAIL FROM : < groom@happycouple.org >
250 - OK 250
Do you , groom , now take this bride , to be your lawful wedded wife ?
RCPT TO : < celebrant@smtp-marriage.org >
250 - OK 250 - And do you solemnly promise , which will be recorded forever in the log file , 250 - that you will love and honor her , and that forsaking all others for her alone , 250 you will be faithful to her , until the death of the Internet ?
DATA 354 End data with < CR >< LF >.< CR >< LF > I do . .
250 - OK 250 Transaction 1 complete .
MAIL FROM : < bride@happycouple.org >
250 - OK 250
Do you , bride , now take this groom , to be your lawful wedded husband ?
RCPT TO : < celebrant@smtp-marriage.org >
250 - OK 250 - And do you solemnly promise , which will be recorded forever in the log file , 250 - that you will love and honor him , and that forsaking all others for him alone , 250 you will be faithful to him , until the death of the Internet ?
DATA 354 End data with < CR >< LF >.< CR >< LF > I do . .
250 - OK 250 - Transaction 2 complete .
250 May I present groomandbride@happycouple.org .
QUIT 221- Bye 221
You may now ping the bride .
Andrew Sullivan thinks it ’s getting a little scary out there and he links to this post by Ezra Klein , We have something to fear from fear - mongering itself , to illustrate the point .
Ezra writes :
I do n't want to exaggerate the importance of the death threats being made against congressmen who voted for health - care reform .
Nuts are nuts .
But there is a danger to the sort of rhetoric the GOP has used over the past few months .
When Rep. Devin Nunes begs his colleagues to say " no to socialism , no to totalitarianism and no to this bill " ; when Glenn Beck says the bill " is the end of America as you know it " ; when Sarah Palin says the bill has " death panels " -- that stuff matters … .. take the universe of people who really respect right - wing politicians and listen to right - wing media .
Most of them will hear this stuff and turn against the bill .
Some will hear this stuff and really be afraid of the bill .
And then a small group will hear this stuff and believe it and wonder whether they need to do something more significant to stop this bill from becoming law .
And then a couple will actually follow through .
And one will cut the gas lines leading to house of Rep.
Tom Perriello's brother after seeing a tea partier post the address online .
Beck and Palin are brazen demagogues and shameless opportunists out to make a buck off the anger and frustration of their fans and adherents .
They answer to nobody and nothing but their vanity and bottom lines and feel no responsibility except to continue their cults of personality so the money keeps pouring in .
But Devin Nunes is a member of the United States Congress .
Even if Nunes has no constituents who support health care reform , although he probably he has tens of thousands who by implication Nunes has accused of being eager for totalitarianism , he should be mindful of his colleagues in the House of Representatives with whom he has to work for the benefit of all his constituents and those colleagues might resent having to cooperate with someone who believes they ’re out to destroy the nation .
Ezra asks if Nunes really thinks what Nunes appears to think :
[ T] otalitarianism ?
Death panels ?
The end of America as we know it ?
These critiques are n't just wrong in their description of a cautious , compromised reform that uses private insurers and spends only 4 percent of what we spend on health care in an average year .
They 're shocking in terms of what the speakers believe their colleagues and representatives are willing to do to the American people .
Nunes , for instance , has served with Democrats for decades .
He might believe them too willing to tax society 's most - productive members to fund social benefits .
But does he really believe them friends of totalitarianism ?
My bet would be that if you tried to pin him down on this he ’d tell you that he did n’t say what he said .
If he ’s like most people , he would n’t recognize his own words as his own words even if you showed him a video of him saying those very words .
That ’s because for most people words do n’t matter as conveyors of meaning .
Words are merely sounds that express feeling .
Try to use their own words against them and they will reply , “ You know what I meant . ”
Of course they wo n’t have said what they meant with that rejoinder either , because what they meant to was , “ You know how I feel . ”
People will say anything when they ’re upset and they can expect that everybody who hears them will understand and not take it personally or excuse them on the spot .
And usually that ’s how it goes .
“ Nevermind .
I understand .
Heat of the moment .
No big fucking deal . ”
In the heat of passion , when carried away by excitement , when overwhelmed by terrible sorrow or terrific happiness , people might as well talk gibberish as try to make sense .
And sometimes the only words that sound right , that sound like how we feel , are the “ wrong ” words , sometimes only the ugliest words are strong enough for the most ecstatic emotions and out of the mouths of people who normally do n’t use four letters words harsher than darn and pooh will come vehement , loud , and accurate concatenations of Anglo - Saxon nouns and verbs that in other circumstances would offend the ears of convicts , Marines , and stand - up comics , as any one who has been to bed with a former Catholic schoolgirl can tell you .
Or , in other situations , has gotten one mad .
The best words are the ones that not only mean exactly what the person speaking them need them to mean but also sound like what they mean , words that convey both the idea and the feeling together .
And unless your audience is made up entirely of lawyers and schoolteachers , if you ’re going to use the wrong word , it ’s better to use one that sounds right but does n’t quite mean right than one that means perfectly but sounds weak , silly , priggish , pedantic , or just plain boring and does n’t carry with it the right feeling if it carries any feeling at all .
People are more impressed and more likely to approve your meaning if they share your feelings .
You can change most people ’s feelings , at least for the moment , far more easily than you can change their thinking .
Demagogues and other con artists do n’t even need to change the way people feel .
They just need to incite people to feel instead of think .
This is where I think the Right has had it over the Left for decades now .
Right Wing politicians and pundits and talk show clowns will say anything .
They will exaggerate , lie , make things up , insult and ridicule anybody for any reason , spout incoherent nonsense to the point where they might as well be talking gibberish , and not care , because what their words mean does n’t matter to them .
They use words for how those words feel .
And for how they want their audiences to feel .
Liberal politicians and pundits , though , tend to precision .
They choose their words carefully and choose the ones that most closely mean what they need them to mean .
They do n’t just talk as if their audiences are made up of lawyers and schoolteachers .
They talk as if they are lawyers and schoolteachers .
Which is not surprising since that is what many of them are .
And they do n’t just favor meaning over feeling when they choose their words .
They reject words because they sound too much like feelings .
When they choose words for their feelings it ’s often because those words make them feel clever .
I should know .
The Right has traded on fear and hate for decades now .
They ’ve become addicted to the feelings and dependent on words that express those feelings strongly and persuasively , persuasion here being a matter of infection and contagion .
A Right Winger does n’t try to convince you to think his way as much as he tries to get you to catch his feeling .
Or a feeling .
They do n’t care if Liberals are demonstrably not fascists , communists , or aiders and abettors of Islamic terrorists .
Liberals make them as angry and afraid as any and every enemy , real and imagined , because Liberals are trying to bring about the same thing as those other enemies --- a world in which the American Right is n’t the reason for that world ’s existence .
A world where they do n’t control everything is a world where they control nothing .
Power and domination define every relationship and if you are n’t the powerful and dominant party you are as good as nothing .
So bosses dominate over employees .
Men dominate over women .
Adults dominate over their children .
White people dominate over non-white people .
Christianity dominates over every other religion .
America dominates over every other nation .
Where their rhetoric has any consistency or coherence it is where they are promising each other power and dominance or warning each other that they have lost or are losing one or the other or both .
It ’s not surprising , then , that they love to use words that make them feel powerful and dominating , that make them feel strong and brave and tough and scary , all the things they are at heart afraid they are n’t .
And for them , strength , bravery , toughness , and the ability to make others afraid are all inherently violent qualities because they are all about power and dominance .
Power and dominance are achieved by beating your enemy into powerlessness and abject submission .
So it ’s not enough to use words that make you feel strong , brave , tough , and scary .
You need words that make you feel as though you are being strong , brave , tough , and scary , that you are beating your enemy into submission .
In a culture that privileges strength , bravery , toughness , and scariness but sees them all as expressions of power and dominance , the weak and afraid , as you can imagine , are going to suffer ridicule and ostracizing at the least .
Imagine then to be one of the weak or to be someone who suspects he is weak .
Someone like that needs words that make him feel strong and brave but he needs those words even more to make others feel he is strong and brave .
You do n’t think Glenn Beck and Rush Limbaugh do n’t know what they are ?
Unlocking a Deadly Secret text By Nicholas D. Kristof
New York Times
Morioka , Japan
He is a cheerful old farmer who jokes as he serves rice cakes made by his wife and then he switches easily to explaining what it is like to cut open a 30 - year - old man who is tied naked to abed and dissect him alive , without anesthetic .
" The fellow knew that it was over for him and so he did n't struggle when ' they led him into the room and tied , him down , " recalled the 72 - year - old farmer , then a medical assistant in a Japanese army unit in China in World War II .
" But when I picked up the scalpel , that 's when he began screaming " I cut him open from the chest to the stomach and he screamed terribly and his face was all twisted in agony .
He made this unimaginable sound , he was screaming so horribly .
But then finally he stopped .
This was all in a day 's work for the surgeons , but it really left an impression on me because it was my first time . "
Finally , the old man , who insisted on anonymity , explained the reason for the vivisection :
The prisoner , who was Chinese , had been deliberately ~ infected with the plague , as part of a research project , the full horror of which is only now emerging , to develop plague bombs for use in World War II .
After infecting him , the researchers decided to cut him open to see what the disease does to a man 's inside .
" That research program was one of the great secrets of Japan during and after World War II : a vast project to develop weapons of biological warfare , including plague , anthrax , cholera and a dozen other pathogens .
unit 731 of the Japanese Imperial Army conducted research by experimenting on humans and by " field testing " plague bombs by dropping them on Chinese cities to see whether they could start plague outbreaks .
They could .
A trickle of information about the germ warfare program has turned into a stream and now a torrent .
Half a century after the end of the war , a rush of books , documentaries and exhibitions are unlocking the past and helping arouse interest in Japan in the atrocities committed by some of Japan 's most distinguished doctors .
Scholars and former members of the unit say that at least 3000 people and by some accounts several times that number were killed in the medical experiments ; none survived .
No one knows how many died in the " field testing "
It is becoming evident that the Japanese officers in charge of the program hoped to use their weapons against the United States .
They proposed using balloon bombs to carry disease to America and they had a plan in the summer of 1945 to use kamikaze pilots to dump plague infected fleas on San Diego .
The research was kept secret after the end of World War II in part because the U.S.
Army granted immunity from war crimes prosecution to the doctors in exchange for their research data .
Japanese and U.S. documents show that the United States helped cover up the human experimentation and instead of putting the ringleaders on trial , it gave them stipends .
The accounts now emerging are wrenching to read even after so much time has passed : a Russian mother and daughter reportedly left in a gas chamber , for example , as doctors peer through the thick glass and time their convulsions , watching as the woman sprawls over her child in a futile effort to save her from the gas .
The origin of Germ warfare Japan 's biological weapons program was born in the 1930s , in part because Japanese officials were impressed that germ warfare had been banned by the Geneva Protocol of 1925 .
If it was so awful that it had to be banned under international law , the officers reasoned , it must make a great weapon .
The Japanese army , which was then occupying a large chunk of China , evicted the residents of eight villages near the city of Harbin in Manchuria to make way for the headquarters of Unit 731 .
One advantage of China , from the Japanese point of view , was the availability of research subjects on whom germs could be tested .
The subjects were called Marutas , or logs , and most were Communist sympathizers or ordinary criminals .
The majority were Chinese , but there were also many Russian expatriates living in China .
Takeo Wane , 71 , a former medical worker in Unit 731 who now lives in the northern Japanese city of Morioka , said he once saw a 6 - foot high glass jar in which 3 Western man was pickled in formaldehyde .
The man had been cut into two pieces , vertically , and Wane guesses that he was a Russian because there were many Russians then living in the area
The Unit 731 headquarters contained many other such jars with specimens .
They contained feet , heads , internal organs , all neatly labeled .
" I saw samples with labels saying ' American , ' ' English ' and ' Frenchman , ' but most were Chinese , Koreans and Mongolians " said a Unit 731 veteran who insisted on anonymity .
Medical researchers also locked up diseased prisoners with healthy ones , to see how readily various ailments would spread .
The doctors locked others inside a pressure chamber to see how much the body can withstand before the eyes pop from their sockets .
Victims were often taken to a proving ground called Anda , where they were tied to stakes in a pattern and then bombarded with test weapons to see how effective the new technologies were .
Planes sprayed the zone with a plague culture or dropped bombs with plague - infested fleas to see how many people and at what distance from the center would die .
The Japanese army regularly conducted field tests to see whether biological warfare would work outside the laboratory .
Planes dropped plague - infected fleas over Ningbo in eastern China and over Changde in north - central China and plague outbreaks were later reported .
Japanese troops also dropped cholera and typhoid cultures in wells and ponds , but the results were often counterproductive .
In 1942 , germ warfare specialists distributed dysentery , cholera and typhoid in Zhejiang Province in China .
but Japanese soldiers themselves became ill and 1,700 died of the diseases , scholars say .
Sheldon Harris , a historian at California State University , in Northridge , estimates that more than 200,000 Chinese were killed in germ warfare field experiments .
Hams - author of a book on Unit 731 , " Factories of Death " also says that plague - infected animals were released as the war was ending and caused outbreaks of the plague that killed at least 30,000 people in the Harbin area from 1946 through 1948 .
The leading scholar of Unit 731 in Japan , Keiichi Tsuneishi , is skeptical of such numbers .
Tsuneishi , who has led the efforts in Japan to uncover atrocities by Unit 731 , says that the attack on Ningbo killed about 100 people and that there is no evidence for huge outbreaks of disease set off by field trials .
Knowledge gained at the cost of human lives
Many of the human experiments were intended to develop new vaccines or treatments for medical problems the Japanese army faced .
Many experiments remain secret , but an 18 - page report prepared in 1945 -- and kept by a senior Japanese military officer until now -- includes a summary of the unit 's research .
The report was prepared in English for U.S. intelligence officials and it shows the extraordinary range of the unit 's work .
There are scores of categories that describe research about which nothing is known .
It is unclear what the prisoners had to endure for entries like " studies of burn scar " and " study of bullets lodged in the brains . "
Scholars say that the research was not contrived by mad scientists and that it was intelligently designed and ' carried out .
The medical findings saved many Japanese lives .
For example , Unit 731 proved that the best treatment for frostbite was not rubbing the Limb , which had been the traditional method but immersion in water a bit warmer than 100 degrees , but never mom than 122 degrees .
The cost of this scientific breakthrough was borne by those seized for medical experiments .
They were taken outside and left with exposed arms , periodically drenched with water , until a guard decided that frostbite had set in .
Testimony From a Japanese officer said this was determined after the " frozen arms , when struck with a short stick , emitted a sound resembling that which a board gives when it is struck . "
A booklet just published in Japan after a major exhibition about Unit 731 shows how doctors even experimented on a three - day - old baby , measuring the temperature with a needle stuck inside the infant 's middle finger .
" Usually a hand of a three - day - old infant is clenched into a fist " , the booklet says , " but by sticking the needle in , the middle finger could be kept straight to make the experiment easier " .
The Scope of Human experimentation
The human experimentation did not take place just in Unit 731 , nor was it a rogue unit acting on its own .
While it is unclear whether Emperor Hirohito knew of the atrocities , his younger brother , Prince Mikasa , toured Unit 731 's headquarters in China and wrote in his memoirs that he was shown films showing how Chinese prisoners were " made to march on the plains of Manchuria for poison gas experiments on humans . "
In addition , the recollections of Dr. Ken Yuasa , 78 , who still practices in a clinic in Tokyo , suggest that human experimentation may have been routine even outside Unit 731 .
Dr. Yuasa was an army medic in China , but he says he was never in Unit 731 and never had contact with it .
Nevertheless .
Dr. Yuasa says that when he was still in medical school
In Japan , the students heard that ordinary doctors who went to China were allowed to vivisect patients .
And sure enough , when Dr. Yuasa arrived in Shanxi Province in north central China in 1942 , he was soon asked to attend a " practice surgery . "
Two Chinese men were brought in , stripped naked and given general anesthetic .
Then Dr. Yuasa and the others began practicing various kinds of surgery : first an appendectomy , then an amputation of an arm and finally a tracheotomy .
After 90 minutes , they were finished , so they killed the patient with an injection .
When Dr. Yuasa was put in charge of a clinic , he said , he periodically asked the police for a Communist to dissect , and they sent one over .
The vivisection was all for practice rather than for research , and Dr. Yuasa says they were routine among Japanese doctors working in China in the war .
In addition , Dr. Yuasa - who is now deeply apologetic about what he did - said he cultivated typhoid germs in test tubes and passed them on , as he had been instructed to do , to another army unit .
Someone from that unit , which also had no connection with Unit 731 , later told him that the troops would use the test tubes to infect the wells of villages in Communist - held territory .
Plans to take the germ war to the US homeland In 1944 , when Japan was nearing defeat , Tokyo's military planners seized on a remarkable way to hit back at the American heartland : they launched huge balloons that rode the prevailing winds to the continental United States .
Although the American Government censored re. ports at the time , some 200 balloons landed in Western states , and bombs carried by the balloons killed a woman in Montana and six people in Oregon .
Half a century later , there is evidence that it could have been far worse ; some Japanese generals proposed loading the balloons with weapons of biological warfare , to create epidemics of plague or anthrax In the United States .
Other army units wanted to send cattleplague virus to wipe out the American livestock industry or grain smut to wipe out the crops .
There was a fierce debate in Tokyo , and a document discovered recently suggests that at a crucial meeting in late July 1944 it was Hideki Tojo - whom the United States later hanged for war crimes - who rejected the proposal to use germ warfare against the United States .
At the time of the meeting , Tojo had just been ousted as Prime Minister and chief of the General Staff , but he retained enough authority to veto the proposal .
He knew by then that Japan was likely to lose the war , and he feared that biological assaults on the United States would invite retaliation with germ or chemical weapons being developed by America .
Yet the Japanese Army was apparently willing to use biological weapons against the Allies in some circumstances .
When the United States prepared to attack the Pacific island of Saipan in the late spring of 1944 , a submarine was sent from Japan to carry biological weapons it is unclear what kind - to the defenders .
The submarine was sunk , Professor Tsuneishi says , and the Japanese troops had to rely on conventional weapons alone .
As the end of the war approached In 1945 , Unit 731 embarked on its wildest scheme of all .
Codenamed Cherry Blossoms at Night , the plan was to use kamikaze pilots to infest California with the plague .
Toshimi Mizobuchi , who was an instructor for new recruits in Unit 731 , said the idea was to use 20 of the 500 new troops who arrived in Harbin in July 1945 .
A submarine was to take a few of them to the seas off Southern California , and then they were to fly - in a plane carried on board the submarine and contaminate San Diego with plague - infected fleas .
The target date was to be Sept. 22 , 1945 .
Ishio Obata , 73 , who now lives in Ehime prefecture , acknowledged that he had been a chief of the Cherry Blossoms at Night attack force against San Diego , but he declined to discuss details .
" It is such a terrible memory that I do n't want to recall it , " he said .
Tadao Ishimaru , also 73 , said he had learned only after returning to Japan that he had been a candidate for the strike force against San Diego .
" I do n't want to think about Unit 731 , " he said in a brief telephone interview .
" Fifty years have passed since the war .
Please let me remain silent . "
It Is unclear whether Cherry Blossoms at Night ever had a chance of being carried out .
Japan did indeed have at least five submarines that carried two or three planes each , their wings folded against the fuselage like a bird .
But a Japanese Navy specialist said the navy would have never allowed Its finest equipment to be used for an army plan like Cherry Blossoms at Night , partly because the highest priority in the summer of 1945 was to defend the main Japanese islands , not to launch attacks on the United States mainland .
If the Cherry Blossoms at Night plan was ever serious , it became irrelevant as Japan prepared to sur-render in early August 1945 .
In the last days of the war , beginning on Aug. 9 , Unit 731 used dynamite to try to destroy all evidence of its germ warfare program , scholars say .
No Punishment , Little Remorse Partly because the Americans helped cover up the biological warfare program in exchange for its data , Gen .
Shiro Ishii , the head of Unit 731 , was allowed to live peacefully until his death from throat cancer in 1959 .
Those around him in Unit 731 saw their careers flourish in the postwar period , rising to positions that included Governor of Tokyo , president of the Japan Medical Association and head of the Japan Olympic Committee .
By conventional standards , few people were more cruel than the farmer who as a Unit 731 member carved up a Chinese prisoner without anesthetic , and who also acknowledged that he had helped poison rivers and wells .
Yet his main intention in agreeing to an interview seemed to be to explain that Unit 731 was not really so brutal after all .
Asked why he had not anesthetized the prisoner before dissecting him , the farmer explained : " Vivisection should be done under normal circumstances .
If we 'd used anesthesia , that might have affected the body organs and blood vessels that we were examining .
So we could n't have used anesthetic . "
When the topic of children came up , the farmer offered another justification : " Of course there were experiments on children .
But probably their fathers were spies . "
" There 's a possibility this could happen again , " the old man said , smiling genially .
" Because in a war , you have to win . "
Previously we looked at the five worst getaway drivers in the history of crime , however , this time we ’re looking at how criminals can screw up something as simple as a disguise .
What should be as simple as a wearing a balaclava or a mask ( really , anything that covers the face will do ) is constantly screwed up by burglars .
But it ’s any wonder how you could screw up as much as these guys :
1 ) “ Dumb And Dumber ”
Dubbed the “ Dumb and Dumber ” criminals by the press , these two robbers held up their own local bank .
What probably did n’t help was the fact that they were both regulars at the bank , they both usually went to the bank together and , unusual for an American town , they both had strong Australian accents .
Oh , and also , they were still wearing their name tags from work .
Gee , who could possibly be holding up the bank ?
Had they stayed any longer , they probably would have started handing out photo I.D.
We ’d like to think that removing the tags before entering the bank they planned on robbing would have been a good idea , but would it have concealed their identities ?
Probably not .
These two were already such unique customers , the bank tellers had a reasonably good idea who was trying to rob them .
2 ) “ It ’s a Little Weird ”
“ Weird ” is putting it lightly , “ downright stupid ” is right on the money .
When Matthew McNelly and Joey Miller were picked up for an attempted break - in , they were still wearing their disguises .
In fact , they were still wearing their disguises when they were photographed for their mugshots .
How ’s this possible ?
They drew their disguises on …
In what the police describe as being “ weird ” , these two decided to use textas to draw their disguises on .
Apparently they were drunk , but one has to wonder how drunk someone has to be before they decide that textas are the best options out there .
Hell , simply covering their faces with their hands would have been a better disguise .
( Oh , and in case you ’re American and / or do n’t have Google , Textas are Australia ’s equivalent to Sharpies .
- Ed. )
3 ) Tree Man
Presumably after failing to drop an ACME weight on top of the bank , this robber turned to his second favorite cartoon plan : he dressed up as a tree .
Sorry , make that a walking , talking tree with a very visible human face .
The man tried to make his own tree costume out of duct tape and branches .
Perhaps perfect for blending in with a forest , but not so perfect inside a bank .
If this is what he wears to rob a bank , we ’d hate to see what he wears when he goes hunting : a suit ?
4 ) An Accessorized Robber
In 2007 , Aston Barth , figuring he had nothing better to do ( and presumably after watching a re-run of Mrs. Doubtfire ) , decided to dress up in his mother ’s finest skirt and rob a bank .
Hilarity ensued .
He came across the same problem those transvestite hookers you know nothing about occasionally have .
He forgot to shave .
Strolling into the bank with armed only with a big ol ’ bushy mustache , bank workers noticed he was “ accessorized ” with a skirt , a wig and plenty of make - up .
But also the mustache .
After successfully robbing the bank with his less than successful disguise , a tipster was able to identify Aston and he was quickly arrested .
Users to be charged £ 1 for a day 's access and £ 2 for a week 's subscription for access to both papers ' websites
The Times and the Sunday Times are to start charging for content online in June .
Users will be charged £ 1 for a day 's access and £ 2 for a week 's subscription for access to both papers ' websites , publisher News International has announced .
The News International chief executive , Rebekah Brooks , implied in a statement that its other titles , the Sun and the News of the World , would follow .
The papers will relaunch their websites in early May and will be available for a free trial period to registered users .
Readers can register from today at timesplus.co.uk .
The Times and the Sunday Times are the first UK papers to fully charge for digital content .
While a daily payment will give users access to both sites , the weekly subscription will also include an e-paper and new applications .
Access to the digital services will be included in the seven - day subscriptions of print customers to the Times and the Sunday Times .
" This is just the start .
The Times and the Sunday Times are the first of our four titles in the UK to move to this new approach , " said Brooks .
" These new sites , and the apps that will enhance the experience , reflect the identity of our titles and deliver a terrific experience for readers .
We expect to attract a growing base of loyal customers that are committed and engaged with our titles . "
In the latest ABCe traffic figures , Times Online – which includes the Times and Sunday Times – saw its daily users rise 6 % to 1.22 m , although monthly browsers fell to 20.42 m .
Assuming that only 5 % of daily users convert to the paywall system – a standard metric for paywalls – that would bring in £ 1.83 m if they each buy a £ 1 daily pass .
At a 10 % conversion , it would net £ 3.66 m per month for the two papers .
If more chose the weekly pass , the revenues would be lower .
In August 2009 , Rupert Murdoch announced that he would introduce charges for all his newspapers , saying that News Corp wanted to prevent readers moving to free sites by making its content better and differentiated from other publishers .
• To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 3353 3857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 3353 2000 .
• If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
Gear & Guides
Is the Under Armour Sportsmask Really Worth the Hype ?
After two months of waiting , I finally got a $ 30 Under Armour Sportsmask to see if it 's really worth all that it promises .
Obama : If Democrats do n't pass health - care reform , ' I do n't know what differentiates us from the other guys '
Today 's televised session between Barack Obama and the Senate Democrats was n't encouraging to those of us hoping the Democrats are spending their time worrying about how to pass the health care bill .
There were questions on the deficit , on jobs , on partisanship , on energy and on judicial nominees .
No one bothered to ask about health - care reform .
The closest was New York 's Kirsten Gillibrand , who asked about health care for 9/11 responders .
It felt , for a moment , like we were back in the Bush years .
Want to talk health care ?
Add 9/11 to the sentence .
To Obama 's credit , he valiantly twisted questions on things like jobs and partisanship into opportunities to talk about health - care reform .
He reminded Democrats that they have the second - largest majority since the 1970s .
He mentioned the Village Voice 's mocking headline , " Scott Brown Wins Mass .
Race , Giving GOP 41 - 59 Majority in the Senate . "
Democrats laughed at that .
Obama did n't .
" Think about it , " he said sternly .
If we do n't pass this , he told the assembled Democrats , " I do n't know what differentiates us from the other guys . "
It 's nice to believe good things , but no one keeps their home , or pays for their doctor visit , because Democrats believe good things .
" If anyone is searching for an answer to the lessons of Massachusetts , " Obama continued , " I promise you , it 's not to do nothing . "
Evidence for that came in Tuesday 's Illinois primary .
Democrats were choosing their candidate to try to keep Obama 's Senate seat .
Republicans were looking for a standard - bearer able to take it .
The turnout numbers were scary for the Democrats .
As Jon Chait noticed , " GOP primary turnout is up 11 percent over 2004 .
Democratic turnout has dropped 29 percent . "
That 's what elections looks like in a world where 59 Senate Democrats give up on health - care reform .
The base gives up and stays home .
And come the day after the election , those Senate Democrats will find themselves spending plenty of time home , as well .
Photo credit : By Jason Reed / Reuters
TUCSON - With Sarah Palin , Sen . John McCain and their spouses onstage , all smiles , it looked just like 2008 .
It often sounded that way , too .
Summoning an energy reminiscent of their presidential run , Palin and McCain on Friday pledged to stand against what they called the big - government agenda of President Barack Obama .
Photos from Tucson event
In their first joint appearance since the presidential campaign , Palin helped bring an estimated 5,000 people to the Pima County Fairgrounds and national media attention to McCain 's surprisingly competitive Republican Senate primary .
Focusing on Washington themes rather than McCain 's competitor , former U.S. Rep. J.D. Hayworth , Palin exhorted the crowd to " send the maverick back to the U.S. Senate " to fight the newly enacted health - care legislation and keep America safe .
As she has seen in Alaska , she said , " only dead fish go with the flow , " which she said McCain would not do .
" I was pretty excited when John McCain asked me to join him on the campaign trail this go - round here in Arizona , " she added .
" I could n't wait to get some of the McCain - Palin team back together again . . . .
I think this go - round , when all of the votes are tallied , I think he 's going to win this one . "
For his part , the Arizona senator condemned the health - care legislation passed with support of Obama and Democrats in Congress .
He called its passage " sleazy Chicago - style sausage - making . "
" It 's going to be repealed and replaced , and it 's going to be done soon , " McCain said .
The appearance was a national political curiosity and a likely boost to McCain 's primary prospects .
Many who are ambivalent about McCain 's conservative credentials said they came just to see the former Alaska governor , who has remained a luminary in Republican circles .
Palin is a star among " tea party " activists , a bloc Hayworth has aggressively courted and whose support has likely helped move him within double digits of McCain in recent polls .
But it 's unclear how much impact her endorsement of McCain will have on those who have supported Hayworth .
Tucson resident Judith Blair , who attended the event , said she remains open to voting for McCain , in part because of Palin , whom she sees as " authentic . "
" McCain has positioned himself as a conservative , but too often he 's been in the middle , " Blair said .
Jennifer Leslie , 41 , of Tucson , who supports Palin and Hayworth , attended the McCain event with about two dozen others to welcome Palin but also show their votes wo n't be changed .
" A lot of people say ( Palin 's support for McCain ) is political payback , " Leslie said .
" I have not heard one person say they 're swayed . "
Darrell West , director of governance studies for the Washington - based Brookings Institution , also questioned the effect of Palin 's political coattails .
Last year , she publicly supported the Conservative Party candidate over a Republican in a New York congressional race that went to a Democrat in an upset .
But Palin also supported Texas Gov. Rick Perry , who easily won a Republican primary challenge that once figured to be competitive .
Appearing with McCain helps her sell copies of her book and keeps her in the public eye if she decides to make a presidential run of her own , West said .
" I do n't see any downside to this for her , " he said .
Cal Jillson , a political - science professor at Southern Methodist University in Dallas , said Palin should help blunt some Hayworth support among tea partyers and adds energy to McCain 's campaign , as she did two years ago .
" Clearly , John McCain needs Sarah Palin to secure the base against J.D. Hayworth , " Jillson said .
" He needs her to come in and attest to his conservative credentials , sad as that may be at this stage of his career . "
Their appearance Friday gave no indication of the post-election sniping that threatened their political bond .
In a January interview on CBS ' " 60 Minutes , " Steve Schmidt , McCain 's campaign manager , said Palin was dishonest during the campaign and was unprepared for the national stage .
For her part , Palin has said McCain 's campaign was hampered by his aides and their slow response to the economic meltdown in 2008 .
Despite the differences , McCain and Palin have offered unstinting public support for each other since the presidential election .
That was repeated on Friday , with Palin offering most of the praise .
Neither McCain nor Palin mentioned Hayworth directly , and Palin cast McCain as compatible with the tea -party movement .
" I admired his tireless crusade against the old pork - barrel - spending , earmarking , backroom - dealing ways of D.C. that make a whole lot of us pretty ill , " she said .
" Today , those issues are at the heart of a conservative movement that 's sweeping this country .
" It 's a beautiful grass - roots movement that 's putting government back on the side of the people .
. . .
It 's the tea -party movement , and I want to clear the air right now .
Everybody supporting John McCain here today , we are all part of that movement . "
McCain and Palin are scheduled to make another joint appearance today at Dobson High School in Mesa .
Design Services
Get free help from our design experts from the comfort of your home - no matter the size of your project .
I ’m about to commit an act of mathematical heresy .
I am a complex analyst by trade , which means I am a mathematician who studies the properties and utility of using complex numbers in calculus operations .
Complex numbers , you might recall , are numbers of the form a + b i , where a and b real numbers and i is the imaginary number ; i.e. i = .
Complex numbers are essential tools of mathematics .
Complex numbers provide natural and beautiful ways to connect arithmetic and geometry , algebra and trigonometry , differentiation and integration , single - variable and multi-variable calculus , number theory and analysis , mathematics with genetics … you name it .
The problem , however , is that no one outside of trained and dedicated mathematicians seems to know this .
I myself have taught Complex Analysis as a class a number of times , and each time I found that after fifteen weeks of showing students how the use of complex numbers fundamentally unifies almost all of the concepts they ’ve learned about in their other math class , how they provide novel and easy ways to solve problems raised in those other classes , and then how it goes on to produce results of surprising beauty and elegance and utility in its own right ….
even after all that , I still have a nontrivial subset of students who will say “ That ’s nice and all , but it is n’t real .
It ’s still all imaginary numbers . ”
That stupid phrase imaginary has done more to damage the perception of complex numbers than anything else I can think of .
I mean , by its very definition , the word imaginary describes something that does n’t exist or , at the very best , something utterly useless .
You do n’t see this self - destructive naming convention in the other sciences .
Physicists do n’t call gravity the phantom suck ; chemists do n’t mix solutions with the element doesnotexistium ; biologists have n’t relabeled the appendix as the useless organ , even though it ’s clearly more accurate .
Mathematicians tried to fix this somewhat by changing the name of imaginary numbers to complex numbers , although in hindsight the decision to change the adjective from one that describes something that does not exist to one that describes something that ’s ungodly difficult was n’t probably the optimal fix .
No , I have a better solution .
It ’s time to retire Euler ’s choice of the letter i for the imaginary number .
I ’m serious .
The problem with using i is that it stands for a number that is , well , imaginary .
It ’s a self - defeating prophecy .
Students are quite capable of appreciating the use of ( pi ) in geometry without necessarily knowing that is the first letter in the Greek word for “ perimeter . ”
Students are quite capable of appreciating the use of e in calculus and calling it the base of the natural logarithm without necessarily ever knowing that it ’s named for a Swiss mathematician whose name sounds like “ Oiler . ”
So why ca n’t we give students a chance to appreciate the use of i in algebra … and geometry !… and calculus !… without first telling them what the letter stands for .
We need to get rid of it .
I ’m not suggesting that we go back to the notation of yore — that ’s a choice frought with peril .
For a positive real number x , the radical symbol refers specifically to the unique non-negative number r such that the product of r with itself is x , and given this definition , we have a number of important rules of radicals , such as
.
However , even if we accept the existence of complex numbers ( and I do ! ) , there is no way to properly define , since there is no unique non-negative root of - 1 , as both i and 1 / i are such roots .
And even if we could somehow unambiguously define what complex number we meant by , it still would n’t respect the previously established rules of radicals .
As a simple example , if the rules of radicals applied to the root of - 1 , we could conclude that
No , no , no … I have a better idea .
We should use the letter j instead of i .
Bear with me .
I submit three criteria by which j is a better choice .
First : j is a neutral letter .
It does n’t stand for anything in general , and in particular it does n’t stand for imaginary .
Instead , we just say that j denotes the complex unit , a number that multiplies against itself to yield - 1 .
Second : the letter j arises naturally from vector calculus .
To be specific , the standard modern definition of the complex numbers is essentially to identify the complex number with the 2 - dimensional vector ( a , b ) in the Euclidean plane .
Vectors already have their own addition , whereas a “ complex ” vector product can be found by multiplying lengths and adding angles .
With these definitions it can be shown that
( a , b ) ( c , d ) = ( ac – bd , ad + bc )
for any vectors ( a , b ) and ( c , d ) in the plane .
In particular , this implies that
( a , b ) = ( a, 0 ) ( 1,0 ) + ( b,0 ) ( 0,1 )
for any real numbers a and b.
Since we commonly identify the x-axis of the plane with the real line , it is equally common to identify a complex number realized as the vector ( x,0 ) with the real number x .
In this case , the equation above can be written as
( a , b ) = a ( 1,0 ) + b ( 0,1 ) .
In vector calculus , we usually denote the vector ( 1,0 ) by i and the vector ( 0,1 ) by j .
Thus , every complex number / plane vector can be written in the form
( a , b ) = a i + b j ,
which complete agrees with any student ’s calculus intuition ( although the calculus version is thinking of these as vector scalings rather than complex vector products ) .
Of course , the identification above also implies that the vector ( 1,0 ) is identified with the real number 1 , so the equation above can equivalently be expressed as saying that any complex number can be written as
( a , b ) = a + b j ,
which looks exactly like the standard form of a complex number with the vector j standing in for .
Even more compelling , note that
j2 = j j = ( 0,1 ) ( 0,1 ) = ( - 1 , 0 ) = - 1 ,
so j is indeed a square root of - 1 .
Consequently , it makes sense to use j to denote the complex unit , particularly when we want to think of it as a number rather than a vector .
Third : I refers to multiplicative identities .
Note that my argument above implied that the real number 1 is identified with the vector i ; and if we further follow the font - style convention suggested above , we would also write 1 as the complex number i .
That may look a little weird , but it ai n’t a bad idea .
In fact , it ’s entirely consistent with another naming convention students are likely to see ( at least in part ) in vector calculus .
In the ring of square matrices , the unique multiplicative identity is denoted I ; that is , it is the unique matrix element such that A I = I A = A for any matrix A .
It turns out that a second common construction of the complex numbers is to identify the complex number a + b with the 2 x 2 matrix
with the usual matrix addition and matrix multiplication .
In particular , the complex unit is represented by the matrix
which could be conceivably denoted by any letter ( like J ) , while the real number 1 is identified with the matrix
which is the identity matrix , and is universally denoted by I .
Hence , identifying 1 with I is in fact required when we use the matrix description of complex numbers ( which is crucial in articulating the connection between complex differentiability and vector - field differentiability ) .
Thus , I respectfully submit that henceforth we banish the term imaginary and with it , that horrible perpetrator of confusion and distrust , the letter “ i . ”
In its place , let us choose only to speak of the complex number j , and …
Wait … what ?
Electrical engineers have been doing this for ages ?
Oh .
Well , then , false alarm .
Stupid idea .
In the chaotic days after the June election in Iran , the State Department asked Twitter to put off maintenance of its global network , which would have cut off service to Iranians using it to swap information and tell the world about antigovernment protests .
The administration ’s move will not deprive the Iranian authorities of the ability to clamp down on the Internet , as happened in February , when service was constricted so heavily that Iranians had difficulty accessing Gmail accounts and organizing protests before the 31st anniversary of the Iranian Revolution .
But by offering Iranians more options , the official said , it will force the authorities in Iran to plug more holes .
“ We want to make sure the information flows , ” he said .
“ It will obviously have political implications in a range of ways . ”
The administration ’s blanket waiver does not apply to encryption and other software that makes it harder for the authorities to track people ’s Internet activity .
That category of technology does not fall within the mass - market services that can be downloaded free from the Internet , he said .
But the official said the Treasury would grant licenses to such providers on a case - by - case basis , and would generally look favorably on them .
One such service , known as Haystack , is awaiting a waiver from the State Department , and is subsequently likely to obtain a Treasury license .
Developed by the Censorship Research Center , a San Francisco - based nonprofit organization , Haystack uses mathematical formulas to disguise a user ’s Internet traffic from official censors .
In December , Representative James Moran , Democrat of Virginia , introduced a bill in the House that would “ support the democratic aspirations of the Iranian people by enhancing their ability to access the Internet and communications services . ”
It also calls for the United States to give tools to Iranians to help circumvent government restrictions on the Internet .
The State Department says it is working in 40 countries to help people get around these barriers .
But critics said it had moved slowly in spending $ 15 million appropriated by Congress in 2008 to support these programs .
I saw a huge new billboard in San Francisco the other day — part of the $ 350 million ad campaign supporting this year ’s $ 14 billion Census — picturing an American Indian in full regalia against a black background , apparently in the process of worshiping the sky , with the stylized text “ Tell your story . ”
If he ’s wise , he might want to think twice about thereby providing information that can be used against him .
As examples , 1940 Census data was released and used to locate and intern Americans of Japanese , Italian and German descent , as outlined in these stories from Scientific American , “ Confirmed : The U.S. Census Bureau Gave Up Names of Japanese - Americans in WW II : Government documents show that the agency handed over names and addresses to the Secret Service , ” and USA Today , “ Papers show Census role in WWII camps . ”
The Census Bureau played a role in the confinement of more than 100,000 Americans of Japanese descent who were rounded up and held in internment camps , many until the war ended in 1945 .
In 1942 , the Census turned over general statistics about where Japanese - Americans lived to the War Department .
It was acting legally under the Second War Powers Act , which allowed the sharing of information for national security .
The newly released documents [ further ] show that in 1943 , the Census complied with a request by the Treasury Department to turn over names of individuals of Japanese ancestry in the Washington , D.C. , area because of an unspecified threat against President Franklin Roosevelt .
The list contained names , addresses and data on the age , sex , citizenship status and occupation of Japanese - Americans in the area .
[ emphasis added ]
And more recently , in 2002 ,
the Census turned over information it had collected about Arab - Americans ... to Homeland Security .
While the Census Bureau assures us that “ your confidentiality is protected .
Title 13 requires the Census Bureau to keep all information about you and all other respondents strictly confidential , ” the exceptions above negate such assurances .
And , of course , their release of the “ strictly confidential ” data was perfectly legal : during World War II , under the terms of the Second War Powers Act , and more recently under the terms of the still - in - effect USA PATRIOT Act .
Meanwhile , the data is also shared a little more broadly than advertised .
Stanford University recently joined UC Berkeley , Duke , the University of Michigan , UCLA , and others , in having its very own census data center .
As the director of the new center explained , “ The Census Bureau is very interested in making the centers more accessible to scholars who can use the data they provide . ”
The data available at the centers goes far beyond what ’s released publicly by the Census Bureau .
While demographic information on such things as age , income and racial background may only be broken down by county or city in the public information , researchers at the center can find that information for areas as small as neighborhoods of a few city blocks .
And , as Henry Brady , dean of the Goldman School of Public Policy at UC Berkeley and principal investigator for the California Census Research Data Centers helpfully added : “ We ’re trying to make centers where lots of federal agencies will let us use their data ... ”
Of course , they all swear that the data is held under the strictest security , and will only be used for innocuous projects like “ government programs and solutions to our problems . ”
I guess the degree to which this is a perceived good depends upon how highly one esteems the “ solutions ” government programs like internment and renditioning have offered to date .
One might thus consider following the advice of former Senate majority leader Trent Lott , who urged people to skip any Census questions they felt violated their privacy .
But fair warning , legislation was recently passed , “ changing the fine for anyone over 18 years old who refuses or willfully neglects to complete the questionnaire or answer questions posed by census takers from a fine of not more than $ 100 to not more than $ 5,000 . ”
In my mailbox yesterday , addressed to " Resident " :
You probably got one too !
Apparently , it 's Next - Week - Is - Census - Day Day !
Once the initial " you have got to be kidding me " response subsided , I called up the folks at the Census Bureau and they were kind enough to send me their canned response to the " are you freaking kidding me ? " calls and emails they have been getting all day .
Excerpted below :
Thank you for your email .
We here at the Census Bureau certainly understand your concern , and I want to assure you we care a great deal about being good stewards of the taxpayer 's money … .
Based on historical response rates , we expect roughly two thirds of households will mail back their form .
The rest we will have to send an enumerator to collect the data required by the Constitution .
You can imagine that follow - up is an expensive proposition .
In fact , every one percent increase in the number of households who mail back the form saves the taxpayers about $ 85 million in expensive door - to - door follow up .
That 's why we advertise and promote , to increase the mail back response rate and help save on expensive labor to follow up .
We have extensive research that shows additional mailings alerting households to the arrival of the census form increase response rates by about 6 to 12 percentage points .
The savings from that increase more than pay for these mailings .
It costs about $ 85 million to print and mail the advance letter and reminder postcard .
The potential increase in response rates demonstrated by our research could result in a savings of more than $ 500 million … .
The total we spend on all promotion and advertising is about one dollar per person in the U.S.
It costs just 42 cents to mail back the form .
But it costs $ 57 for follow up with non-responding households , many of which we must visit several times to reach someone at home … .
We appreciate your civic minded spirit , and your concern for our current fiscal situation .
I hope this information helps explain the steps we are taking to reduce the burden on taxpayers of meeting our Constitutional mandate to count every person in the country .
Not bad , actually .
Also , I reached a human being immediately when I called the ( easily findable ) Census office number , and he was able to promptly answer my question , which virtually never happens in government bureaucracy PR offices .
My only remaining question :
What about the lost stimulus effect of sending out all those official " enumerators " to count the recalcitrant ?
All those make work government jobs , lost !
Unavoidable conclusion :
This startling instance of government efficiency is ruining our economy and keeping unemployment high .
The Unluckiest Country
The Duvalier Dictatorship
Years : 1957 -1986
The catastrophe : After a period of instability in the mid-20th century following a bloody war with the Dominican Republic and the temporary U.S. military occupation of the island , Haiti had a glimmer of hope when François “ Papa Doc ” Duvalier , a popular health minister , was elected president ( in a military - rigged election ) .
But Duvalier was not exactly the humanitarian ruler Haitians had hoped for .
Duvalier quickly set about consolidating his power over the state and security services , enriching himself and his cronies through bribery and extortion , and building his own personality cult .
He lined his coffers with millions in U.S. aid money during his early years in power .
An estimated 30,000 Haitians were killed during Duvalier ’s reign of terror and many more fled into exile .
After his death in 1971 , he was succeeded by his 19 - year - old son Jean - Claude , known as “ Baby Doc . ”
After continuing his father ’s policies of repression and corruption , Baby Doc finally abdicated and fled the country under pressure from the Reagan administration in 1986 .
But the Duvalier dynasty left Haiti with a legacy of corruption and poverty from which it has never recovered .
AFP / Getty Images
The First Aristide Crisis
Year : 1991
The catastrophe : In 1990 , Jean - Bertrand Aristide was elected in what was considered Haiti ’s first fair election .
A former priest who had helped lead the opposition to the Duvalier regime , Aristide seemed a natural choice to help the country regain its footing .
But the country ’s experiment in democracy was to be short - lived .
Aristide was overthrown in a military coup just a few months later and forced into exile .
Over 1,500 people were killed .
Thousands of refugees fled to the United States in rickety boats , prompting President George H.W. Bush to enact a blockade against the country .
In 1994 , the United Nations authorized the use of force to remove the military dictatorship , and the United States took the lead in forming a multinational military to enforce the mandate .
Twenty - thousand military personnel landed unopposed , returning Aristide to power .
THONY BELIZAIRE / AFP / Getty Images
The Second Aristide Crisis
Year : 2004
The catastrophe : Aristide was legally barred from running for president again in 1995 , but he returned to power five years later in what was widely considered a fraudulent election , losing much of his international support in the process .
The first military coup attempt happened only a year later .
Frustration over Aristide ’s election grew into increasingly violent protests from 2000 to 2003 .
In February 2004 , a rebel group calling itself the National Revolutionary Front for the Liberation of Haiti , comprised of ex-military officers including several notorious Duvalier - era figures , captured Gonaives , Haiti ’s fourth - largest city , and began advancing toward the capital .
Although the United States had helped Aristide return to power after his last ouster , the George W. Bush administration remained neutral this time , blaming Aristide ’s years of corruption for the rebellion .
Aristide fled Haiti in late February , blaming U.S. pressure for forcing him from power .
Shortly after the coup , the United Nations authorized a atabilization mission in Haiti , including a military peacekeeping force led by the Brazilian military .
Despite the presence of the blue helmets , however , political violence , extrajudicial killings , and arrests of opposition members continued under the interim government .
Joe Raedle / Getty Images
The Floods
Year : 2004
The catastrophe :
As if the political turmoil were n’t bad enough , nature struck Haiti in 2004 to devastating effect .
Just one month after the coup , flash floods hit the Haitian - Dominican border , leaving more than 1,600 dead .
Then in September , Hurricane Jeanne decimated Gonaives , leaving more than 3,000 dead .
The interim government was almost entirely bankrupt and unable to effectively respond .
The flooding was further exacerbated by deforestation .
Because of poor environmental management and poverty , more than 98 percent of the country ’s forestland land had been cleared , eliminating the topsoil that could have held the water .
The 8,000 strong U.N. peacekeeping force , which had been intended to help Haiti form a government , struggled to cope with the humanitarian disaster .
The U.S. military , controversially , halted the delivery of aid during the first set of floods because of a lack of resources .
ROBERTO SCHMIDT /AFP / Getty Images
Riots
Year : 2008
The catastrophe : A small measure of political stability was restored with the election of President René Préval in 2005 , but the calm did n’t last .
By 2008 , 80 percent of Haitians lived on less than $ 2 per day , and the country found itself in the grips of a food crisis .
The international media shocked readers with reports of Haitians making cookies out of packed dirt .
In April , after the price of rice doubled over the course of six months , protesters descended on Port - au - Prince to demand that the government either take steps to lower the cost of living or step down .
Protesters built barricades and tried to use garbage cans as battering rams to break their way into the national palace .
Caught between the mob and the government they were charged with stabilizing , U.N. peacekeepers fired rubber bullets into the crowd .
One protester told Reuters , “ If the police and U.N. troops want to shoot at us , that ’s OK , because in the end if we are not killed by bullets we ’ll die of hunger . ”
In the end , the government survived the crisis , but its credibility was sunk , and the desperation of Haiti ’s people continued .
YURI CORTEZ / AFP / Getty Images
Hurricanes
Year : 2008
The catastrophe :
In the fall of 2008 , Haiti was hit by hurricanes , and Fay , Gustav , Hanna , and Ike in the space of a month , leaving more than 800 dead and more than a million homeless .
The long - suffering city of Gonaives again took the brunt of the devastation .
It was rendered largely uninhabitable , and government ministers said much of it would simply have to be moved .
Sixty percent of the starving country ’s harvest was destroyed , and the debris was still being cleared this year .
While other countries in the region , including the Dominican Republic and Cuba , were hit almost as badly by the storms , Haiti ’s death toll was nearly 10 times higher because of environmental degradation that exacerbated the flooding and the government ’s inability to respond .
U.S. anthropologist and longtime Haiti activist Paul Farmer called the hurricane season an “ unnatural disaster , ” saying that a “ Marshall Plan ” was needed to rebuild Haiti ’s political institutions or the country would “ have a hard time surviving the hurricane season . ”
But the damage unleashed this week by a 7.0 magnitude earthquake was probably more than even he could have imagined .
ADALBERTO ROQUE / AFP / Getty Images
Use of China ’s $ 2.4 trillion reserves to challenge US foreign policy is fraught with problems , not least because any damage to America will recoils immediately against China – which depends on the US market for its mercantilist growth strategy .
Beijing cannot stop accumulating dollars unless it is willing to let the yuan ride , eroding the margins of its export industry .
Some reserves can be parked in gold or even copper , but liquid commodity markets are not big enough to absorb the scale of Chinese surpluses .
Russia has accused the United States of " conniving " with Afghan drug producers by not destroying opium crops as U.S. troops advance in Helmand Province , one of the major opium growing regions .
The allegation , which came in a statement from the Russian Foreign Ministry , was the second time this week that Moscow has criticized the West over the opium issue .
NATO rejected the charge and said Russia could help by providing more troops to combat the insurgency .
U.S. Marines in Helmand Province have told villagers that they will not destroy this year 's crops .
In the Taliban stronghold of Marjah , which was captured by U.S. troops last month , the U.S. offered to pay poppy farmers to destroy their own crops and provide seed for them to plant other crops next year .
Afghanistan produces over 90 percent of the world 's opium .
compiled from agency reports
Neumorphism is a recent trend that is a descendant of skeuomorphism and is being used in UX and UI design on websites everywhere .
To take …
Neumorphism is a recent trend that is a descendant of skeuomorphism and is being used …
Neumorphism is a recent trend that is a descendant of skeuomorphism and is being used in UX and UI design on websites everywhere .
To take …
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
A fast , low cost DNA test which can determine a person 's chances of developing certain inherited diseases could soon be a reality , experts said .
A drop of saliva will be enough to allow medics to pinpoint variations in patients ' genetic code in a test being formulated at Edinburgh University .
Tiny differences in the DNA chain can show if a person is prone to disease , or has a life - threatening condition .
It is cheaper and promises quicker results than conventional DNA testing
Based on chemical analysis it does away with the need for expensive enzymes , researchers said .
Dr Juan Diaz - Mochon , of the university 's school of chemistry , said : " This technology offers a speedy , cost - efficient alternative to existing methods of DNA analysis .
" The market for DNA testing is quickly expanding as it becomes more affordable .
" Our method could help reach the goal of complete genome analysis in a few hours for less than £ 637 . "
Professor Mark Bradley , who also took part in the study , added : " We plan to test the technology further , extend our collaborations with leading researchers and companies in the DNA sequencing field and establish our first commercial operations within the next six months . "
The study , published in the journal Angewandte Chemie , was funded by Scottish Enterprise .
Charlie Kamerman ’s Kodak Collection .
This is a link to picture of a wonderful Kodak collection that I do not own !
http://blakeandujar.com/kodakcollection
Not many collections of this caliber are available on line to see !
Worth a look at the very least .
Exciting news … the Kodak Catalogue section now has low resolution complete catalogs to download .
These catalog span from 1887 through 1942 .
( I will be adding 1886 soon ) .
If you need reference material for collecting or for anything else , these will be invaluable to you .
Eventually , I will have a DVD with high resolution scans available … hopefully in October 2011 .
I have also started adding pictures of people & cameras .
Originally I wanted to compare the reality of real pictures of people with the advertising that was produced over the years .
Take a look .
Maybe you will see some one you know .
I am trying to add pictures of the collection and new aquisitions as fast as I can .
Anyone with a site knows how time consuming they are to maintain .
Please check back regularly , hopefully you will not be dissappointed .
More Later – Charlie – 9/13/2010 .
I have been collecting items in original boxes since 1979 .
My collection contains a wonderful mix of photographic related items representing the evolution of equipment and marketing of the Eastman Kodak Company over 120 years .
In the beginning I decided to buy items only if they were in their original boxes to limit the number of items I could acquire .
Eventually I decided to buy advertising items to complement the photographic equipment which helped me to create more visually pleasing exhibits .
To this day I only buy cameras and accessories in original boxes .
Parts of my collection of thousands of items have been exhibited in the California Museum of Photography , the Museum of Science and Industry in Los Angeles , the Seattle Convention Center and the George Eastman House in Rochester .
My son
Abe is helping me build this site .
I am using pictures from auctions I have won over the last 10 years and that have been sent to me .
So if you see a picture and would like credit or if you want me to remove a picture please contact me .
Eventually , I will start adding my own pictures .
I have over 10,000 items to list so it will take a while .
Thanks – Charlie
Dear Baby Boomers ,
I know you ’re not my biggest fan .
I ’m one of those pesky GenY twenty - somethings that you ’ve called “ cocky , ” “ lazy , ” and “ incompetent . ”
It appears our generation has hit a nerve , really gotten under your skin .
Well , I am writing to you because I feel like we ’ve gotten off on the wrong foot .
Please hear me out .
I ’ve thought long & hard about what it must be like from your perspective , and I have some theories about your frustration .
I will have to generalize , but from the many papers & articles published about GenY as a whole , I think you will understand .
Here it goes -
Many of you were raised the sons & daughters of hard - working middle class Americans & first - generation immigrants .
Growing up , you watched your parents make sacrifices & work incredibly hard to realize the American dream , even when fair employment was rarely offered to those not educated in America .
As young men , you faced drafts & as young women you had to break down the barriers of inequality in the work place .
You did not have it easy but you were determined to succeed .
Many of you were the first in your families to receive higher education and entered the workplace hungry for success .
For years you worked diligently , providing a lifestyle for your family that you could only dream of as a child .
All of the things you had to work so hard to achieve , you happily handed to us , your children .
We gladly accepted the opportunities provided to us and as youngsters , always sought your advice .
However as we enter adulthood , many of us having graduated college ; masters programs ; and / or started promising careers , some of us are turning away from the path that has been so carefully laid out before us .
As a result , you feel betrayed , taken advantage of , and ignored .
You might assume we are lazy & unwilling to work hard to achieve success the way you did .
You think the environment of positive reinforcement you raised us in has created an epidemic of spoiled , self - involved young adults .
Am I close ?
If it sounds at all familiar , I think we can clear a few things up .
First of all , please know that we are grateful for the sacrifices you made for our generation ; we recognize everything you did and know that we could not be where we are today without you help .
Thank you .
Thank you .
Thank you .
That being said , I ’d greatly appreciate it if you could consider the below :
You are right that many of us do not want to work the way you did , BUT by no means does that imply we do not want to work hard .
While we may not be following the standard 8 am - 6 pm cubicle job , modern technology allows us to be productive from anywhere at anytime and we are taking advantage of it .
You may not consider tasks like utilizing social media or blogging “ work ” but believe me , if you are contributing anything valuable , it is !
We have different definitions of success than you do .
Many millennials are placing greater importance on quality of life than monetary success alone .
After receiving top educations & gaining valuable experience , we are passing up some very lucrative , respectable careers , but we prefer to be passionate about our jobs and are willing to make financial sacrifices to get there .
I understand your frustration - tuition costs have skyrocketed and you want to get your money ’s worth .
However , instead of judging the worth of our education based solely on our starting salaries , please try to look at the whole picture .
You ’ve given us the background to find careers that not only support us but more importantly are fulfilling .
Perhaps we are starting our own business or following another , non-traditional career path , but trust that whatever we do , we are not treating it lightly .
With the constant restructuring of modern businesses , we are concentrating on building our individual worth by pursuing careers we are passionate about with the hopes to achieve long - term success .
( The one that really gets to me . )
We ’re tougher & more grounded than you give us credit for .
When you have gone through such lengths to prepare us for the real world , how is it that you so quickly assume we are making foolish decisions ?
We do n’t expect success to be handed to us on a silver platter ; give us a little credit & maybe even a chance to prove ourselves .
And finally , we ’ve learned from watching you .
Like every generation , we observed your trials & tribulations and have learned from them .
Perhaps we saw marriages fall apart or witnessed our fair share of mid-life crisis among the neighbors .
Whatever it was that influenced us , it is time for us to start our own journeys , make our own mistakes , and eventually give the generation after us their very own list of problems to avoid !
The best way for us to understand & maybe even help each other is through open communication .
I hope this is a good start .
Sincerely ,
GenY
Written by : Tina Paparone is the co-founder & CEO of the unique gift company BeMe , which creates products to inspire girls to embrace their individuality .
Find out more about BeMe & Tina ’s other projects at www.TinaPaparone.com.
[ social_buttons ]
The phrase , ” industrial farming ” is something I see on lots of web posts and comment strings .
I ’m guessing that this intentionally derisive terminology conjures up some pretty negative imagery for most people not directly involved with farming .
The use of this emotive term raises two questions for me :
Is modern , “ industrial ” farming actually what people imagine it to be ?
Is there actually a viable alternative ?
Well , let ’s consider some of the features of modern farming
“ Industrial Farming Is Highly Mechanized ” ( True but Necessary )
It might not fit your view of a romantic , rural life - style , but if you are actually the farmer , the comfortable , efficient , sophisticated farm equipment available today sounds pretty good .
As in all “ industrialized ” segments of our economy , machines and computers make farmers more productive and eliminate the most laborious ( and often dangerous ) parts of the job .
There is a detailed history of farm equipment on the John Deere website that is worth a read .
Mechanization of farming has enabled the workforce directly involved in farming to drop from ~ 40 % in 1900 to less than 1 % today .
Over this time period , people have chosen other careers intentionally .
There are not a lot of people who want to work on farms in the old , labor - intensive way .
Actually , hand - labor - intensive crops ( e.g. coffee , strawberries … ) , or high labor cropping systems ( e.g. Organic ) are on a collision course with demographic trends .
The pool of unskilled farm laborers upon which rich Americans have ( unethically ) depended is only going to decline over time and make rejection of “ mechanization ” an increasingly non-viable option .
Unless you are the one doing the work , it is n’t really reasonable to insist that mechanization be avoided because it ’s too “ industrial . ”
“ Industrial Farming is Largely Corporate ” ( False )
The widely held image of US Agriculture as “ corporate ” turns out to be in direct conflict with the facts .
The USDA tracks this in the “ Census of Agriculture ” that it conducts every 5 years .
It is n’t completely accurate because it does not differentiate between real “ corporations ” owned by uninvolved stockholders from farming operations that are conducted by an extended family and just put under a corporate structure for tax / estate - planning reasons .
Even so , the USDA map above shows that the vast , vast majority of farming is still on family farms .
That is not surprising .
Farming is a highly risky and not highly profitable venture .
Try selling that on Wall Street !
The most “ corporate ” sectors of farming are in fresh produce where scale is critical to be able to respond to the leverage of the retail industry .
Fresh produce is a tiny part of agriculture on an area basis .
“ Industrial Farming ” Is Large - Scale ” ( True , But Not Probably Like What You Think )
If I told you that I have visited 5,000 to 12,000 acre farms you might imagine something , well , “ industrial . ”
I ’ve met with many such growers and my interviews were with the 1 - 2 family members to do almost all the farming .
We met at the kitchen table or in a corner of the machine shed where there might be a sticky , runt calf under heating lights being bottle fed .
Even these seemingly huge operations are family farms .
Because of the mechanization I ’ve described , an extremely large grain farm can be run by a very small number of people who often work off - farm as well .
Still , if you met these farmers , they would perfectly fit your image of “ the salt of the earth , hard - working folks ” , and you would also see that they are quite concerned with the environment .
In fact large farms have a higher adoption rate of the most sustainable practices I will describe below .
Actually , there is a trend both towards large farms and small farms .
Between 2002 and 2007 there was a small increase in large farms , but a huge increase in the number of very small farms ( see the blue in the map above , 10 farms / dot ) .
In total the area involved is not large , but it is an interesting trend .
There are a lot of complex and region - specific dynamics here , but just the fact that much of farm acreage is in larger farms does not need to be a big concern .
If you do n’t believe me , go meet some of the folks that run the large farms .
“ Industrial Farms Use Synthetic Fertilizer , Hybrid Seeds and Pesticides ” ( True , But The Alternatives Are Not So Great )
The graph above shows that “ Pre-industrial ” yields were low and stagnant over 60 years .
The amazing yield gains in the “ industrial era ” came first from synthetic fertilizers , then from improved plant breeding , pesticides and most recently biotechnology .
Along the way there were definitely environmental issues with the way farming was being done , but also changes and improvements .
The Dust Bowl calamity of the 1930s lead to the establishment of the Soil Conservation Service as the first step towards improving farming practices .
The pioneers of “ no - till ” agriculture got started in the early 60s working to save fuel and stop erosion .
The Environmental Movement of the late 60s lead to the establishment of the EPA in 1969 and pesticides have changed dramatically .
By the time I started working in agriculture in 1977 there was already a major research effort focused on improving the environmental and safety profile of agriculture .
Since that time I ’ve had the privilege of working with a wide range of public and private scientists and with farmers to see these improvements implemented .
An Ideal for Industrial Agriculture
Even though mainstream industrial agriculture has come a long way , there is an even better “ suite ” of sustainable practices that would ideally see further adoption .
I sometimes call these the elements of “ Agriculture 2.0 ”
Continuous “ No - till ” ( saves fuel , stores moisture better , eliminates erosion and off - site movement of pollutants , increases biodiversity )
Cover - Cropping ( with no - till leads to net carbon sequestration , can be used either to produce biologically fixed nitrogen or to scavenge excess nitrate as needed )
Controlled Wheel Traffic ( saves fuel , stops compaction , reduces nitrous oxide emissions )
Precision , Variable - Rate Fertilization ( reduces fertilizer need , and nitrous oxide )
Considering Scale
There were 309.5 million acres of harvested cropland in the US according to the 2007 Census of Agriculture .
Even after 30 years of “ rapid growth ” , only 1.29 million of those were Organic .
But an anti-industrial purist would only consider a small part of that ( at most 20 % ) to be truly non-industrial .
What about “ Ag 2.0 ? ” Unfortunately , the Bush administration cut funding to the CTIC ( the organization that used to track things like tillage practices ) .
Groups like CTIC now estimate that , 5 - 10 % of the corn / soy rotation ( ~10 million acres ) in the US are farmed with “ continuous no - till ” – the most important feature of Ag 2.0 .
I estimate that the total area that is utilizing at least some Ag 2.0 practices is on the order of 70 MM acres or possibly higher .
Looking at this graph , which sustainable alternative looks to have the most realistic potential for growth ?
Non-Industrial Farms Exist ( True , but the model is not scalable )
I ’m all for small - scale , local farms , CSAs , gardens and the like , it is just that this cannot be extrapolated as the kind of farming that will feed the US population , let alone the millions of people around the world who depend on US agriculture .
To think that it can is actually a dangerous delusion that is wide - spread among our non-farming population .
People just do n’t understand the scale of food production that is needed .
The demonization of “ industrial farming ” serves no constructive purpose .
Yes , modern farming is “ industrial . ”
It has to be .
Like any industry , farming can be improved from an environmental point of view ( and it has , dramatically ) .
We will accomplish a lot more for the environment and for humanity by supporting the further adoption of “ Agriculture 2.0 ” practices on “ industrial ” farms than by pretending we do n’t need it .
You are welcome to comment on this site or to email me at feedback.sdsavage@gmail.com
Farming image from the Minnesota Department of Agriculture .
Maps from the USDA Census of Agriculture , 2007 .
Graphs by Steve Savage .
See full bio » Raised in the South , Beth Grant moved frequently as a child and enjoys claiming several towns and cities in Alabama , Georgia , and North Carolina as home .
She was a Page in the North Carolina Senate , attended the North Carolina Governor 's School for Gifted and Talented students , and received a governor 's appointment at the age of nineteen .
Grant was ...
Born : September 18 , 1949 in in Gadsden , Alabama , USA
( Adds quotes on Greece , background )
WASHINGTON , March 1 ( Reuters ) - White House economic adviser Larry Summers said on Monday winter blizzards were likely to distort U.S. February jobless figures , which are due to be released on Friday .
“ The blizzards that affected much of the country during the last month are likely to distort the statistics .
So it ’s going to be very important ... to look past whatever the next figures are to gauge the underlying trends , ” Summers said in an interview with CNBC , according to a transcript .
Construction activity was hit particularly hard by the storms , but many restaurants and stores also had to close , putting the brakes on hiring plans and temporarily throwing some employees out of work .
Summers , director of the White House ’s National Economic Council , also said the United States was closely monitoring Greece ’s debt problems and U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner was encouraged by what he had heard from European officials about the issue .
“ With respect to Europe , I am obviously very concerned about what ’s happening in Greece and Portugal , in Spain , in Italy , on the European continent , ” Summers said .
“ I think there have been increasing signs of recognition both in Greece and in the major countries of Europe that this is a situation that has to be managed ; that combination of getting the Greek budget under better control and providing more support is necessary to stabilize this situation . ”
Summers brushed aside speculation that he was interested in changing jobs .
“ I like what I ’m doing , ” he said .
“ My view is if the president asks me to do something in which I think I can make a contribution , the right approach to it is to say yes , and that ’s why I ’m very pleased to be here working at the National Economic Council . ”
( Reporting by Jeff Mason and Ross Colvin ; editing by Chris Wilson )
CLEVELAND , Ohio --
Millions of federal stimulus dollars poured into competing Great Lakes ports over the last year , but the financially troubled Port of Cleveland missed the boat .
The reason : Officials at the Cleveland - Cuyahoga County Port Authority asked for only one stimulus grant -- $ 45 million to buy and retrofit a container cargo ship -- and received not a dime .
And they applied for no grants for another round of funding this year .
John Baker , local head of the International Longshoremen 's Association and president of the Great Lakes Maritime Task Force places the brunt of the blame on the port 's previous leadership .
" These people left the port in the lurch , " Baker said .
" The whole past half year , the port has done nothing . "
Former President and CEO Adam Wasserman resigned his $ 282,000 job in November and pocketed a $ 330,000 buyout .
The port 's maritime director and government liaison also quit .
Peter Raskind , who assumed temporary leadership of the troubled authority in December , said the port 's top priority is to find money to help pay for a containment dike to store muck dredged from Cleveland 's harbor .
But that project , Raskind said in an email , is not eligible for stimulus money .
" Attracting additional tenants at the docks , moving more cargo and the possible pursuit of container ships are irrelevant if the harbor is not adequately dredged and ships can't navigate the river , " Raskind wrote .
Yet other ports across the country found projects eligible for stimulus financing and collectively received billions of dollars .
At least three of Cleveland 's competitors -- ports in Detroit , Lorain and Toledo -- figured out ways to cash in on the opportunity .
Toledo snagged $ 21 million .
Detroit received $ 7.1 million and Lorain , $ 3.4 million .
Great Lakes Towing Co. , a Cleveland - based commercial tugboat service , successfully applied for $ 845,000 .
While competitors counted their stimulus cash last year , the Cleveland authority disclosed financial problems so severe that the board laid off workers and indefinitely postponed a $ 500 million relocation of operations from downtown to East 55th Street .
So why did n't they apply for more stimulus money ?
Even staffers for Congressman Steven LaTourette , a Bainbridge Township Republican who serves on a committee overseeing federal stimulus spending , wonder why they have n't heard from the Cleveland port .
Also today
Cleveland - Cuyahoga County Port Authority drops plans to build warehouse , fill in slip on Port of Cleveland property
" Typically , a public entity will determine what its needs are and submit them to us by January or February , " said Dino DiSanto , LaTourette 's deputy chief of staff .
" We have n't seen any requests from the Port of Cleveland . "
In Toledo , port officials in search of stimulus money contacted their congresswoman , Democrat Marcy Kaptur .
She then went to work , successfully lobbying Transportation Secretary Ray LaHood for enough dollars to finance two projects , her spokesman said .
Toledo's port will receive $ 15 million to modernize and expand its shipyard , and $ 6.8 million to buy two mobile harbor cranes .
" This stimulus money was n't luck , it was from good planning , hard work and communication , " said Paul Toth , president of the Toledo - Lucas County Port Authority .
" We hold bi-annual meetings with our elected officials to brief them on port projects and our funding requirements , and they 're very responsive to our needs . "
DiSanto said LaTourette 's office has not heard from anyone at the Cleveland port since November , when authority board members bought out the contract of CEO Adam Wasserman in a move they have yet to explain .
The Cleveland port 's last request for federal money came more than a year ago , when officials sought $ 350 million from the Water Resource Development
Act for a dredge containment facility and the port 's proposed move to East 55th Street .
But that request is stalled , DiSanto said .
So , for now , LaTourette is working on a $ 50 million stimulus request from another Cleveland competitor , the port in Conneaut , to create a regional logistics hub to prepare for the possible arrival of international container ships through the St. Lawrence Seaway .
" If that possibility ever arises we 'll be ready for it , " said Joe Raisian , a member of the Conneaut Port Authority 's board of directors .
" We 're probably the most ready and available port on the Great Lakes and the most accessible from the St. Lawrence Seaway . "
Raskind , who is serving as interim chief executive at the Cleveland port , said the agency 's most critical concerns lie in keeping open Cleveland 's harbor and hiring a new CEO .
Everything else is on the backburner .
" Pursuit of any new projects , funds and initiatives will be based on the priorities of the board and the new CEO , " he said .
Tags
San Jose State economics professor Jeffrey Rogers Hummel tells all his students that the easiest way to understand the Federal Reserve is to think of it as a giant , legalized counterfeiter .
I had always known that the Fed and other central banks were like counterfeiters , but I still thought that the actual mechanics of open - market operations and so forth actually provided some important distinctions .
In large part because of my frequent email exchanges with Hummel , I now realize that I was being naïve .
Once you understand the details of modern central banking , you are able to step back and see that it truly is a way for the government to use the printing press to pay its bills .
All of the complicated process of targeting interest rates through buying Treasuries simply hides this essential point — and perhaps deliberately so .
An Old - Fashioned Monarch With a Printing Press
Before we examine Fed operations , let 's start with something simpler .
Suppose there is a powerful monarch reigning over a large , industrialized country .
The monarch has managed to wean his subjects off commodity money such as gold or silver , and instead they use fiat notes , rectangular slips of paper featuring the king 's portrait .
The king has a printing press at his disposal , which gives him unlimited ability to create more slips of paper with which he can buy goods throughout his kingdom .
At first , one might think that our hypothetical king has infinite wealth .
But upon reflection , we see that there are actually pragmatic limits on how much new money he will print up each year .
It 's true that there are no legal constraints on how many notes he can create , but the more monetary inflation he sows , the greater the price inflation he will reap .
At some point , the monarch would actually make himself poorer in the long run by running the printing press too heavily in the present .
For example , if he doubled the stock of money in one year , the resulting price inflation would destabilize his economy and cause much needless capital consumption .
His subjects would be less willing to invest in their businesses and retirement portfolios , knowing that he might effectively confiscate their savings again through massive creation of new money .
Foreign investors too would be wary of exposing themselves to his country if he made his fiat currency too volatile .
Because of these considerations , the monarch would no doubt run off new money every year from his printing press , but he would n't overdo it .
He would aim for a moderate level of constant price inflation , with the purchasing power of his fiat currency slowly falling over time in a predictable manner .
Each year , the new influx of money into the economy would represent a transfer of wealth from all other currency holders into the king 's possession .
Now what if our monarch is really profligate ?
What if he wants to spend more money than the income and tribute he earns in his position as monarch , even including the amount of new money he dares to create each year with his printing press , can support ?
In this case , the monarch can still resort to old - fashioned borrowing .
Therefore in any given year , the monarch can only spend what he collects in tribute ( taxes ) , debt financing , and inflation .
Modern Counterfeiting , Fed Style
At first glance , our present monetary system is nothing like the simple tale of a king with a printing press .
For one thing , the US Treasury is a distinct entity from the Federal Reserve .
When the US federal government runs a budget deficit , it can't simply have the Fed print up enough $ 100 bills to cover the shortfall .
No , the Treasury always covers its budget deficits by issuing debt , referred to as Treasuries .
These are bonds , IOUs sold by the Treasury to outside investors who lend the Treasury money today in the hopes of being paid back in the future .
But wait , there 's more to the story .
One of the main buyers of this Treasury debt is the Federal Reserve itself .
This phenomenon is especially pronounced during emergencies such as major wars and the current financial crisis .
Indeed , in the second quarter of 2009 , the Federal Reserve was the effective buyer of some 48 percent of the new Treasury debt issued that period , as part of its " quantitative easing . "
It 's true , the Fed does n't show up at the Treasury auctions and directly buy the new T - bills and so forth , but private dealers pay higher prices for the Treasuries knowing that the Fed is waiting in the wings to pick them up .
At this point let 's review exactly what happens when the Federal Reserve buys Treasuries from private dealers .
Let 's say the Fed wants to buy $ 1 million worth of T - bills from Joe Smith .
So it writes Joe a check for $ 1 million , drawn on the Fed itself .
Joe hands the T - bills over to the Fed , where they end up on the asset side of its balance sheet .
Joe then deposits the check in his personal checking account , which goes up by $ 1 million .
" If nothing else , the Fed 's massive buying of Treasury debt pushes up the auction price of the Treasuries , meaning the federal government can borrow at cheaper interest rates . "
So at this point the Fed has increased the money supply by $ 1 million .
In normal times , because of the fractional - reserve banking system , Joe 's bank would lend out $ 900,000 of the new deposit to another customer , so that the money supply would grow even further .
But that 's not what interests us in this article , so we 'll leave that train of thought .
What we want to focus on is the effect of the Fed 's purchase on the US Treasury .
By entering the bond market and buying Treasuries ( with money created out of thin air ) , the Fed pushes up the price of the bonds .
That of course means that their yield drops .
So , for example , if the Treasury issues a T - bill promising to pay the holder $ 10,000 in 12 months , then the auction price determines how much money the Treasury actually gets to borrow now in exchange for this promise to pay back $ 10,000 in one year .
If the demand is such that people pay $ 9,901 for each T - bill with a face value of $ 10,000 , then the Treasury gets to borrow money for a year at an interest rate of 1 percent .
Already we see why the folks at the Treasury are big fans of the Fed 's " quantitative easing " program , in which Bernanke decided it was in the national interest to begin adding more than a trillion dollars ' worth of Treasury debt to the Fed 's balance sheet .
If nothing else , the Fed 's massive buying of Treasury debt pushes up the auction price of the Treasuries , meaning the federal government can borrow at cheaper interest rates .
Now , if this were the whole story , it would be fishy but not nearly as bad as our hypothetical monarch with the printing press .
Sure , the Fed would create new dollars ( which would push up dollar prices of goods and services ) in order to keep the Treasury 's borrowing costs low .
But still , the Treasury would have to pay some interest on its debt , especially for longer - dated debt with higher yields , like 10 - year Treasury notes .
So although the mechanism we have described would encourage the Treasury to run higher deficits at the expense of average people , who suffer from rising prices , things do n't seem nearly as crooked as they were in the case of our monarch .
Ah , but we 're not done yet .
Not only does the Fed 's accumulation of Treasury debt artificially push down the interest rate , but the Fed gives the interest payments right back to the Treasury !
After all , interest is how the Fed " makes money . "
It writes checks on itself ( created out of thin air ) and accumulates assets , and then earns the interest and ( in some cases ) capital gains on the assets .
But after the Fed pays its employees , pays its electric bill , and throws the staff Christmas party , it remits the excess earnings back to the Treasury .
For example , in fiscal year 2008 the Federal Reserve distributed to the US Treasury some $ 31.7 billion ( page 173 ) of its net earnings .
To repeat , much of this money consisted of interest payments that the Treasury paid out to the holders of its debt , who just so happened to be the Fed for much of it .
So not only is the official rate of interest kept artificially low by the Fed 's money - creation , but the interest payments themselves are largely refunded to the Treasury , to the extent that the Fed ends up holding the Treasuries rather than outsiders .
" But after the Fed pays its employees , pays its electric bill , and throws the staff Christmas party , it remits the excess earnings back to the Treasury . "
All right , so the Fed ( a ) suppresses the interest rate on Treasury debt and ( b ) refunds virtually all of the interest payments on Treasury debt held by the Fed .
And remember , the way the Fed does this is through creating new dollars out of thin air , in order to buy the Treasury debt from the original investors who lent money to the Treasury .
Therefore the Fed is clearly giving aid to the US government 's deficit spending at the expense of everyone holding assets denominated in US dollars .
Still , the one thing holding back the complete recklessness of the feds is that they still have to pay off the principal of their bonds when they mature , right ?
In other words , all we 've really shown is that the Fed allows the Treasury to run deficits virtually at zero interest expense , at least for debt held by the Fed .
But this is still a far cry from our hypothetical monarch , who had a whole component of his expenses which he met year in and year out by running the printing press .
Sorry , but our own monetary system has the same feature .
When the Treasury securities held by the Fed mature — so that the Treasury has to pay back the face value in principal — the Fed rolls over the debt .
Over time , the nominal market value of the Fed 's holdings of Treasury debt continually grows .
Barring a sudden reversal in this policy , the Treasury knows that it will never have to pay off this debt .
For all practical purposes , any Treasury debt ultimately finding its way onto the Fed 's balance sheet is economically equivalent to our monarch running the printing press to pay his bills .
We have just one last consideration .
Up till now we 've seen that the modern US government , with its complicated central bank and fiat money system , operates essentially as a king with a simple printing press , to the extent that the Fed is willing to accumulate larger holdings of Treasury debt .
But what determines how much the Fed is willing to take on ?
At what point would the Fed decide to ease off on its open - market operations and stop creating so many new dollars to ( indirectly ) hand over to the government ?
The ultimate constraint on the Fed 's operations is the same one our hypothetical king faced : investor and citizen backlash in response to rising prices .
That is , the Federal Reserve can only absorb so much of the Treasury 's new debt each year because too much dollar - creation would lead to unacceptably high price inflation .
Thus our profligate government , like the hypothetical monarch , must finance some of its spending through traditional borrowing from private citizens and other governments .
Conclusion
Stripped of its fancy terminology and confusing mechanics , modern central banking boils down to a legalized counterfeiting operation .
If there were suddenly a widespread public outcry to " punt the press , " we can bet our hypothetical monarch would mobilize all his allies in the media to discredit the people threatening his source of revenue .
In that light , we can understand the reaction today to people calling to " end the Fed . "
NASA today moved quickly to advance its role as commercial space entrepreneur by awarding $ 50 million to five companies who could help design and build future spacecraft that could take astronauts to and from the International Space Station .
During its 2011 budget rollout today NASA said if private companies can develop safe , solid spaceships , astronauts could use them as early 2016 .
As part of its 2011 budget request , NASA asked for $ 6 billion over five years to spur the development of American commercial human spaceflight vehicles .
As the space shuttle retires this year , NASA will have to use other means to get its astronauts to the ISS .
7 critical commercial spaceflight concerns the US must tackle
The five companies and their awards are :
• Blue Origin : $ 3.7 million • The Boeing Company : $ 18 million • Paragon Space Development Corporation : $ 1.4 million • Sierra Nevada Corporation : $ 20 million • United Launch Alliance : $ 6.7 million
The money is expected to be used toward the development of crew concepts and technology for future commercial support of human spaceflight and are designed to foster entrepreneurial activity leading to high - tech job growth in engineering , analysis , design and research , and to promote economic growth as capabilities for new markets are created , NASA said .
NASA said the money and the research will be managed by and are part of are part of its recently established Commercial Crew and Cargo Program that looks to develop and demonstrate safe , reliable , and cost - effective capabilities to transport cargo and eventually crew to low - Earth orbit and the International Space Station .
The program , known as " CCDev , " represents a milestone in the development of an orbital commercial human spaceflight sector , NASA stated .
By maturing " the design and development of commercial crew spaceflight concepts and associated enabling technologies and capabilities , " the program will allow several companies to move a few steps forward towards the ultimate goal of full demonstration of commercial human spaceflight to orbit , NASA said .
CCDev will go hand - in - hand with NASA 's existing $ 500 million Commercial Orbital Transportation Services ( COTS ) which is supporting the private development of commercial cargo transportation from companies such as SpaceX and Orbital .
For its part NASA says that programs such as COTS and CCDEv will reduce the gap in US human spaceflight capability .
NASA also recently said it would partner with the US Air Force Research Laboratory to develop a technology roadmap for use of reusable commercial spaceships .
The study of reusable launch vehicle or RLVs will focus on identifying technologies and assessing their potential use to accelerate the development of commercial reusable launch vehicles that have improved reliability , availability , launch turn - time , robustness and significantly lower costs than current launch systems , NASA stated .
The study results will provide roadmaps with recommended government technology tasks and milestones for different vehicle categories .
Reusable launch vehicles or rockets are one of the key technologies for the future of commercial space flight .
The Review of United States Human Space Flight Plan Committee report said that commercial services to deliver crew to low - Earth orbit are within reach .
" While this presents some risk , it could provide an earlier capability at lower initial and life - cycle costs than government could achieve .
A new competition with adequate incentives to perform this service should be open to all US aerospace companies . "
Today 's commercial contracts come as NASA rolled out its $ 19 billion 2011 budget .
Most of the attention was focused on the fact that the Constellation project , which has already spent $ 9 billion , was axed .
But the budget includes three new exploration programs :
• A Technology demonstration program , $ 7.8 billion over five years .
The program funds the development and demonstration of technologies that reduce the cost and expand the capabilities of future exploration activities , including in - orbit refueling and storage . •
A Heavy - Lift and Propulsion research and development plan of $ 3.1 billion over five years .
Funds R&D for new launch systems , propellants , materials , and combustion processes . •
Money for robotic missions : $ 3.0 billion over five years .
The idea is to fund cost - effective means to scout exploration targets and identify hazards and resources for human visitation and habitation .
This story , " NASA Moves Quickly to Advance Commercial Space Operations " was originally published by Network World .
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
Leading Democrats moved today to condemn acts of vandalism and death threats against legislators after several members of Congress were targeted by angry opponents of the healthcare reform measure .
The FBI was called in to help handle a torrent of abuse , from bricks through congressional office windows to sinister , obscene phone messages .
The House speaker , Nancy Pelosi , said the threats had " no place in a civil debate in our country " .
The House Democratic leader , Steny Hoyer of Maryland , said that at least 10 House members were concerned for their personal safety , and a number reported their offices had been vandalised .
In one incident , authorities in Virginia are investigating a severed propane gas line at the home of the brother of a Democrat who supported the overhaul measure .
An activist with the " tea party " movement had posted the brother 's address on an internet forum , apparently thinking it was the congressman's , and urged angry opponents to pay him a visit .
A New York Democrat reported a brick was thrown through a window at her office , and a glass front door was smashed at the office of an Arizona Democrat .
One caller to the office of Bart Stupak , a Democrat who voted for the legislation , said : " I hope you bleed ... [ get ] cancer and die . "
A fax to his office carried a picture of a gallows with " Bart ( SS ) Stupak " on it and a noose attached .
Representative James Clyburn , the highest ranking black lawmaker , said he received a fax with an image of a noose .
Others received threatening phone calls .
Representative Phil Hare , an Illinois Democrat , told the Politico news website that several Democrats had told their spouses to move out of their constituencies while the legislators are in Washington .
" If this does n't get under control in short time , heaven forbid , someone will get hurt , " Hare told the paper .
The Republican House leader , John Boehner , has spoken out against the violence , but Democrats have criticised Republicans for not forcefully condemning the violence and threats and for encouraging raucous demonstrations .
" There are a lot of angry Americans and they are angry over this healthcare bill , " he said Wednesday on Fox News .
" They are angry about the fact that the Democrats here in Washington are n't listening to them .
" But I 've got to tell you that violence and threats are unacceptable ...
Let 's take that anger , and go out and register people to vote , go volunteer on a political campaign . "
President Barack Obama signed the measure into law this week after a year of intense battle on Capitol Hill and furious protest by conservative opponents .
As the House prepared for a final vote over the weekend , several African - American lawmakers were subject to racial epithets from angry protestors surrounding the Capitol building , with one reporting he was spat upon .
Although healthcare reform is now law , the political wrangling continued in the Senate , which is taking up a package of modest fixes to the initial bill .
Senate Democrats this morning were fending off dozens of Republican efforts to amend the bill , moves which if successful would trigger a new round of debate in the House .
Voting began about 5.30 pm Wednesday and continued until well after midnight .
The Senate resumed today and by midday had held nearly 40 votes .
Democratic leaders say the votes are a frivolous attempt to delay or kill the bill .
Meanwhile , Republicans won a minor victory that will force another vote in each chamber , with a parliamentary ruling that certain parts of the fixes bill must be struck because they do not have the required effect on the US budget .
The Senate is expected to approve the bill this afternoon , and the House will take it up soon after .
Inquiring minds are reading a 66 page Pew Center study on the Trillion Dollar State Pension Gap .
A $ 1 trillion gap .
That is what exists between the $ 3.35 trillion in pension , health care and other retirement benefits states have promised their current and retired workers as of fiscal year 2008 and the $ 2.35 trillion they have on hand to pay for them , according to a new report by the Pew Center on the States .
Executive Summary
Pew ’s figure actually is conservative , for two reasons .
First , it counts total assets in state - run public sector retirement benefit systems as of the end of fiscal year 2008 , which for most states ended on June 30 , 2008 — so the total does not represent the second half of that year , when states ’ pension fund investments were devastated by the market downturn before recovering some ground in calendar year 2009 .
Second , most states ’ retirement systems allow for the “ smoothing ” of gains and losses over time , meaning that the pain of investment declines is felt over the course of several years .
The funding gap will likely increase when the more than 25 percent loss states took in calendar year 2008 is factored in .
Key Findings
In eight states — Connecticut , Illinois , Kansas , Kentucky , Massachusetts , Oklahoma , Rhode Island and West Virginia — more than one - third of the total liability was unfunded .
Two states had less than 60 percent of the necessary assets on hand to meet their long - term pension obligations : Illinois and Kansas .
Illinois was in the worst shape of any state , with a funding level of 54 percent and an unfunded liability of more than $ 54 billion .
click on any chart for sharper image
Health Care and Other Non-pension Benefits
Retiree health care and other non-pension benefits create another huge bill coming due : a $ 587 billion total liability to pay for current and future benefits , with only $ 32 billion — or just over 5 percent of the total cost — funded as of fiscal year 2008 .
Half of the states account for 95 percent of the liabilities .
[ Mish Note :
That chart is much worse than it looks .
41 states are less than 10 % funded ! ]
Unfunded Health - Care and Non-Pension Liability
New Jersey ......... $ 68,900,000,000
California ............ $ 62,463,000,000
New York ............
$ 56,286,000,000
Illinois .................
$ 39,946,678,000
Michigan ............. $ 39,878,500,000
Texas ..................
$ 28,611,584,000
North Carolina .... $ 28,741,560,000
Ohio ....................
$ 27,025,738,000
Connecticut ......... $ 26,018,800,000
Smoothing
All but three states — Idaho , Oregon and West Virginia —use a smoothing process in which investment gains and losses are recognized over a number of years .
10 Smoothing is a way of managing state expenditures by preventing contribution rates from suddenly jumping or dropping .
The number of smoothing years varies , with five years being the most common .
Because only a portion of the 2008 losses will be recognized each year , there is a great likelihood that pension funding levels will be dropping for the next four to five years .
Pension Reform
No states moved completely away from defined benefit plans in the past two years .
The last two that took any steps in this direction were Alaska , which moved new employees to a defined contribution plan in 2005 , and Michigan , which moved new state employees to a defined contribution approach in 1997 .
In light of severe investment losses in 2008 and 2009 that resulted in decreased pension funding levels , policy makers are once again openly discussing defined contribution plans .
Louisiana lawmakers , for instance , are looking at the recommendations of a pension panel that studied making this switch .
Other states where this has been mentioned by policy makers include Florida , Kansas and Utah .
Because unions and other employee representatives often have vigorously opposed defined contribution plans , it is unclear whether any state will find such a switch viable , or if such plans are primarily being proposed as a starting point for hybrid plans or other compromises .
[ Mish Note :
The only viable solution is to eliminate defined benefit pension plans .
Any other alternative just pushes the problem down the road . ]
Laggards In Pension Funding
In eight states — Connecticut , Illinois , Kansas , Kentucky , Massachusetts , Oklahoma , Rhode Island and West Virginia — more than one - third of the total liability was unfunded .
Two states — Kansas and Illinois — had less than 60 percent of the necessary assets on hand to meet long - term pension obligations at the end of 2008 .
Illinois .
The state in the worst shape in fiscal year 2008 was Illinois .
With a combined funding level of 54 percent , the five pension systems of Illinois had accumulated a total liability of $ 119 billion , $ 54 billion of which was unfunded .
To start closing that gap and covering future expenses , the state should have made an actuarially required payment of $ 3.7 billion in 2008 .
Instead , it contributed a little less than $ 2.2 billion , meaning that the state will face a bigger gap in 2009 even apart from investment losses .
For Illinois , the unfunded liability is more than three times annual payroll costs .
Oklahoma .
The seven state - administered pension systems had a combined funding level of 60.7 percent in fiscal year 2008 , a total liability of $ 33.5 billion and an unfunded liability that was 219 percent of total payroll .
During the 1980s and 1990s Oklahoma increased benefits , but did not boost contributions enough to offset those increased liabilities .
By pushing the costs into the future , the state ’s actuarially required contribution has risen to almost 21 percent of payroll , annually .
Rhode Island .
The four pension systems administered by Rhode Island had a combined funding level of 61.1 percent in fiscal year 2008 , with a total liability of $ 11.2 billion and an unfunded liability that is close to three times payroll .
Connecticut .
With a combined funding level of 61.6 percent , Connecticut ’s three pension systems had a total liability of $ 41.3 billion in fiscal year 2008 and an unfunded liability that is nearly four and a half times its annual payroll cost .
The state ’s current collective bargaining agreement lasts until 2017 , which limits reform options .
Kentucky .
Kentucky ’s six pension systems had a combined funding level of 63.8 percent , and a total liability of $ 34 billion in fiscal year 2008 .
The Bluegrass State had an unfunded liability that was 234 percent of payroll .
Bill Coming Due
In the vast majority of states , the effect of significant investment losses from 2008 and early 2009 have not yet been fully factored into contribution rates .
But given the extent of the losses , it is likely that even states that have funded their pension plans well in the past will face large increases in annual payments .
Oregon provides a unique early warning of the impact of the dramatic drop in pension investments .
It is one of 15 states in which the 2008 asset valuations for at least some of the plans were calculated as of the end of the calendar year and , as a result , show the effects of the devastating second half of the year .
In addition , Oregon , like Idaho and West Virginia , calculates its pension assets based on fair market value .
All the other plans smooth out their investment gains and losses over a set number of years , recording only a portion of the impact each year .
This means that Oregon took the full brunt of its 27 percent loss in 2008 — while other states ’ funding levels will likely continue to drop for the next four or five years , as the major losses experienced in 2008 and the first quarter of 2009
are gradually incorporated .
Paul Cleary , executive director of the Oregon Employees ’ Retirement System , expects that because of investment losses , its employer contributions will rise from 12 percent of payroll paid in the state ’s current biennium to 18 percent56 of payroll in the 2011 –2013 biennium , about a $ 750 million increase .
“ When we look at cumulative investment returns over the last 10 - year period , it was worse than the decade that included the Great Depression , ” said Cleary .
In New Jersey , with a pension system that was about 106 percent funded in 1998 , the state legislature began to dramatically underfund its annual contributions .
Between 2000 and 2006 , the state never exceeded 30 percent of the required contribution .
By 2008 , the total funding level had fallen below 73 percent .
Recently defeated Governor Jon Corzine ( D ) emphasized the need to improve the state ’s pension situation and increased funding in 2007 and 2008 , but during the financial crisis , the resolve to do a better job of supporting the pension system all but vanished .
According to Frederick Beaver , director of the New Jersey Division of Pensions and Benefits , New Jersey was supposed to pay about $ 2.3 billion in 2009 but contributed just $ 105 million .
For 2010 , the amount required was about $ 2.5 billion , but just $ 150 million was budgeted .
“ There was just not money to go around for everything , ” said Beaver .
Investment Return Assumptions
[ Mish Comment :
It is interesting to note that many of the states in deepest trouble , including Illinois , have the highest pension plan assumptions . ]
Promises Hard To Take Away
Once a state promises a retirement benefit , it is extremely difficult to take it away .
This is true in every state in the country , albeit to varying degrees .
In general , pension benefits that already have been earned have strict constitutional or contractual protections , although the right to continue to accrue benefits going forward is slightly less certain , according to Keith Brainard , research director for the National Association of State Retirement Administrators .
In some states , retiree health benefits also are protected .
85
Even in states that have more flexibility to change benefits for current employees , the political difficulties are formidable .
No legislature wants to antagonize government employees who , at the least , vote in elections and , at worst , can turn into powerful political foes .
There also is a question of fairness .
Should employees who have been counting on retirement benefits and who have considered them to be part of ongoing compensation suddenly discover that those benefits have disappeared ?
Question of Fairness
Sensible Course of Action
Question of Returns
Inquiring minds are digging deeper into the State of Wisconsin Investment Board ( SWIB ) ideas to rescue Wisconsin 's deeply underwater pension plans .
The plan is get the investments back on track using leverage starting out at 104 % escalating up to 120 % .
The board even considered 200 % leverage at one point .
No Free Lunch
There is simply no beating around the bush with this .
Anyone who believes in " free lunches " is a fool .
So is anyone who thinks leverage reduces risk .
Here is a simple rule to live by :
If anyone , anywhere , ever promotes " free lunches " , and you believe it , you are as big a fool as he is .
The problem with pension plans in general is that rate of return assumptions are too high .
Anything that one does to stretch for those returns increases risk .
That is a simple statement of fact .
All In All The Time
Moody's Baa Corporate Bond Yields
80 % Chance of a Significant Decline
It 's important to recognize that when I quote probabilities , I am generally using a form of
.
So when I say , for example , that I estimate a probability of about 80 % of fresh credit difficulties accompanied by a market plunge over the coming year , that figure is based on various combinations of historical evidence , and what has ( and has not ) happened afterward , and how often .
As a side note , a “ market plunge ” in this context need not be a “ crash . ”
In the context of a credit - driven crash and rebound ( which is what I believe we 've observed ) , a typical post - rebound correction would be about - 28 % , but even that would take stocks to less than 20 % above the March lows .
20 % chance of a durable rally
20 % chance the market meanders nowhere for as long as 5 years
30 % chance of a hard 25 - 30 % correction
30 % chance the bottom is not even in
estimate a probability of about 80 % of fresh credit difficulties accompanied by a market plunge over the coming year
Pension Plans & Chasing Yields
One of the problems pension plans faced was the stock market decline between 2000 - 2003 .
The same problem is about to hit again .
Illinois , as well as every other state likely has pension returns and revenue growth assumptions that are way too high headed into a recession .
The likelihood of negative returns and falling revenues simply is not being planned for by any one at any level .
Fundamental Thesis
There 's nothing better than free food .
Nothing .
For more than a dozen years , the B&B Do It Center in Camarillo , CA , has been offering free doughnuts and coffee to customers .
Not anymore .
An anonymous " customer " ( maybe a rival store ? ) called the health department .
Now , in what some in this town consider a complete overreach of government , the county has told the store the freebies have to go .
They violate food - handling regulations .
No more " pink box of love " as one customer describes the doughnuts .
No more hot cup o' Joe .
According to the Ventura County Star , co-owner Randy Collins was n't aware he was violating the rules .
" We 've been doing this since we bought the place 15 years ago , and the previous owner was doing it , too , " he tells the newspaper .
The health department says that if Collins wants to give away doughnuts and coffee , he 'll need to install " stainless steel sinks with hot and cold water and have a prep kitchen to handle the food . "
A prep kitchen .
For a box of doughnuts ?
" Where the public has access to food , permitting is required , " says Ventura County health official Elizabeth Huff .
Reaction from customers ?
" I was a little outraged , " says Ty Brann , a long time customer who owns a pest control and landscaping business .
" I thought it had to be a joke . "
I called the hardware store this morning to see if there 's any update .
" No , " I was told .
Store management does n't want to make too big a deal out of this .
Who needs the hassle ?
But 75 - year - old Thomas Frye of Camarillo told the Star , " We've abandoned common sense where the need for licenses and fees are more important than tradition . "
A friend suggested to me that instead of giving away coffee and doughnuts , B &B Do It Center start handing out tea and crumpets and hold a Tea Party rally .
Just ... Do It ?
Questions ?
Comments ?
Funny Stories ?
Email funnybusiness@cnbc.com
The memory model is a fascinating topic – it touches on hardware , concurrency , compiler optimizations , and even math .
The memory model defines what state a thread may see when it reads a memory location modified by other threads .
For example , if one thread updates a regular non-volatile field , it is possible that another thread reading the field will never observe the new value .
This program never terminates ( in a release build ) :
class
Test { private bool _loop = true ; public static void Main ( ) { Test test1 = new Test ( ) ; //
Set _loop to false on another thread new Thread ( ( ) => { test1._loop = false ; } ) . Start ( ) ; //
Poll the _loop field until it is set to false while ( test1. _loop == true ) ; //
The loop above will never terminate !
} }
There are two possible ways to get the while loop to terminate :
Use a lock to protect all accesses ( reads and writes ) to the _loop field Mark the _loop field as volatile
There are two reasons why a read of a non-volatile field may observe a stale value : compiler optimizations and processor optimizations .
In concurrent programming , threads can get interleaved in many different ways , resulting in possibly many different outcomes .
But as the example with the infinite loop shows , threads do not just get interleaved – they potentially interact in more complex ways , unless you correctly use locks and volatile fields .
Compiler optimizations
The first reason why a non-volatile read may return a stale value has to do with compiler optimizations .
In the infinite loop example , the JIT compiler optimizes the while loop from this :
while ( test1._loop == true ) ;
To this :
if ( test1._loop ) { while ( true ) ; }
This is an entirely reasonable transformation if only one thread accesses the _loop field .
But , if another thread changes the value of the field , this optimization can prevent the reading thread from noticing the updated value .
If you mark the _loop field as volatile , the compiler will not hoist the read out of the loop .
The compiler will know that other threads may be modifying the field , and so it will be careful to avoid optimizations that would result in a read of a stale value .
The code transformation I showed is a close approximation of the optimization done by the CLR JIT compiler , but not completely exact .
The full story is that the assembly code emitted by the JIT compiler will store the value test1._loop in the EAX register .
The loop condition will keep polling the register , and will read test1._loop from memory again .
Even when the thread is pre-empted , the CPU registers get saved .
Once the thread is again scheduled to run , the same stale EAX register value will be restored , and the loop never terminates .
The assembly code generated by the while loop looks as follows : 00000068 test eax , eax 0000006a jne 00000068
If you make the _loop field volatile , this code is generated instead : 00000064 cmp byte ptr [ eax + 4 ] ,0 00000068 jne 00000064
If the _loop field is not volatile , the compiler will store _loop in the EAX register .
If _loop is volatile , the compiler will instead keep the test1 variable in EAX , and the value of _loop will be re-fetched from memory on each access ( by “ ptr [ eax + 4 ] ” ) .
From my experience playing around with the current version of the CLR , I get the impression that these kinds of compiler optimizations are not terribly frequent .
On x86 and x64 , often the same assembly code will be generated regardless of whether a field is volatile or not .
On IA64 , the situation is a bit different – see the next section .
Processor optimizations
On some processors , not only must the compiler avoid certain optimizations on volatile reads and writes , it also has to use special instructions .
On a multi - core machine , different cores have different caches .
The processors may not bother to keep those caches coherent by default , and special instructions may be needed to flush and refresh the caches .
The mainstream x86 and x64 processors implement a strong memory model where memory access is effectively volatile .
So , a volatile field forces the compiler to avoid some high - level optimizations like hoisting a read out of a loop , but otherwise results in the same assembly code as a non-volatile read .
The Itanium processor implements a weaker memory model .
To target Itanium , the JIT compiler has to use special instructions for volatile memory accesses : LD.ACQ and ST.REL , instead of LD and ST .
Instruction LD.ACQ effectively says , “ refresh my cache and then read a value ” and ST.REL says , “ write a value to my cache and then flush the cache to main memory ” .
LD and ST on the other hand may just access the processor ’s cache , which is not visible to other processors .
For the reasons explained in this section and the previous sections , marking a field as volatile will often incur zero performance penalty on x86 and x64 .
The x86/x64 instruction set actually does contains three fence instructions : LFENCE , SFENCE , and MFENCE .
LFENCE and SFENCE are apparently not needed on the current architecture , but MFENCE is useful to go around one particular issue : if a core reads a memory location it previously wrote , the read may be served from the store buffer , even though the write has not yet been written to memory .
[ Source ]
I do n’t actually know whether the CLR JIT ever inserts MFENCE instructions .
Volatile accesses in more depth
To understand how volatile and non-volatile memory accesses work , you can imagine each thread as having its own cache .
Consider a simple example with a non-volatile memory location ( i.e. a field ) u , and a volatile memory location v .
A non-volatile write could just update the value in the thread ’s cache , and not the value in main memory :
However , in C# all writes are volatile ( unlike say in Java ) , regardless of whether you write to a volatile or a non-volatile field .
So , the above situation actually never happens in C# .
A volatile write updates the thread ’s cache , and then flushes the entire cache to main memory .
If we were to now set the volatile field v to 11 , both values u and v would get flushed to main memory :
Since all C# writes are volatile , you can think of all writes as going straight to main memory .
A regular , non-volatile read can read the value from the thread ’s cache , rather than from main memory .
Despite the fact that thread 1 set u to 11 , when thread 2 reads u , it will still see value 10 :
When you read a non-volatile field in C# , a non-volatile read occurs , and you may see a stale value from the thread ’s cache .
Or , you may see the updated value .
Whether you see the old or the new value depends on your compiler and your processor .
Finally , let ’s take a look at an example of a volatile read .
Thread 2 will read the volatile field v :
Before the volatile read , thread 2 refreshes its entire cache , and then reads the updated value of v : 11 .
So , it will observe the value that is really in main memory , and also refresh its cache as a bonus .
Note that the thread caches that I described are imaginary – there really is no such thing as a thread cache .
Threads only appear to have these caches as an artifact of compiler and processor optimizations .
One interesting point is that all writes in C# are volatile according to the memory model as documented here and here , and are also presumably implemented as such .
The ECMA specification of the C# language actually defines a weaker model where writes are not volatile by default .
You may find it surprising that a volatile read refreshes the entire cache , not just the read value .
Similarly , a volatile write ( i.e. , every C# write ) flushes the entire cache , not just the written value .
These semantics are sometimes referred to as “ strong volatile semantics ” .
The original Java memory model designed in 1995 was based on weak volatile semantics , but was changed in 2004 to strong volatile .
The weak volatile model is very inconvenient .
One example of the problem is that the “ safe publication ” pattern is not safe .
Consider this example : volatile string [ ] _args = null ; public void Write ( ) { string [ ] a = new string [ 2 ] ; a [ 0 ] = " arg1 " ; a [ 1 ] = " arg2 " ; _args = a ; ... } public void Read ( ) { if ( _args != null ) { //
Under weak volatile semantics , this assert could fail !
Debug . Assert ( _args [ 0 ] != null ) ; } } Under strong volatile semantics ( i.e. , the .NET and C# volatile semantics ) , a non-null value in the _args field guarantees that the elements of _args are also not null .
The safe publication pattern is very useful and commonly used in practice .
Memory model and .NET operations
Here is a table of how various .NET operations interact with the imaginary thread cache :
Construct Refreshes thread cache before ?
Flushes thread cache after ?
Notes Ordinary read No No Read of a non-volatile field Ordinary write No Yes Write of a non-volatile field Volatile read Yes No Read of volatile field , or Thread .
VolatileRead Volatile write No Yes Write of a volatile field – same as non-volatile Thread .
MemoryBarrier
Yes Yes Special memory barrier method Interlocked operations Yes Yes Increment , Add , Exchange , etc. Lock acquire Yes No Monitor .
Enter or entering a lock {} region Lock release No Yes Monitor .
Exit or exiting a lock {} region
For each operation , the table shows two things :
Is the entire imaginary thread cache refreshed from main memory before the operation ?
from main memory the operation ?
Is the entire imaginary thread cache flushed to main memory after the operation ?
Disclaimer and limitations of the model
This blog post reflects my personal understanding of the .NET memory model , and is based purely on publicly available information .
I find the explanation based on imaginary thread caches more intuitive than the more commonly used explanation based on operation reordering .
The thread cache model is also accurate for most intents and purposes .
To be even more accurate , you should assume that the thread caches can form an arbitrary large hierarchy , and so you cannot assume that a read is served only from two possible places – main memory or the thread ’s cache .
I think that you would have to construct a somewhat of a clever case in order for the cache hierarchy to make a difference , though .
If anyone is aware of a case where the hierarchical thread cache model makes a prediction different from the reordering - based model , I would love to hear about it .
If you are interested in the .NET memory model , I encourage you to read Understand the Impact of Low - Lock Techniques in Multithreaded Apps in the MSDN Magazine , and the Memory model blog post from Chris Brumme .
READER COMMENTS ON
" The Real Targets of the ACORN Smear Campaigns : Verifiable Truth , American Democracy "
( 69 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 3/10/2010 @ 6:29 am PT ...
Thanks for posting Rachel Maddow and helping explode the myth put forth by the right and believe it or not some liberals like Jon Stewart , that MSNBC 's Maddow / Olbermann / Schultz are the " FOX ' news ' of the left " .
The difference is they do n't lie , they actually expose things , and they expose lies of the right and how their lies get into the mainstream media .
They 're populists who also attack Democrats ( like Stupak ) that are hypocrites and against the good of most Americans .
They would LOVE everyone to think they 're the " FOX ' news ' of the left " , which is false .
For starters , they do n't LIE , make things up , or distort and mislead like rightwing media .
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Billy said on 3/10/2010 @ 9:27 am PT ...
Just the latest episode of The Shock Doctrine .
But instead of Dick Cheney and the Patriot Act , we 're stuck with cowards like Barney Frank and a bill of attainder .
We 're still putting up with the goddamn Patriot Act , and we 're still putting up with cowards like Barney Frank .
And the New York Times stands tall beside them all .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/10/2010 @ 12:41 pm PT ...
The last paragraph of Ernie 's article says it all ...
Without the light of truth piercing the darkness wrought by right - wing propaganda that is designed to destroy organized opposition to totalitarian corporate societal control , like the citizens of New Orleans in the wake of Katrina 's wrath , each of us , every man , woman and child , will be left to fend for ourselves against the harsh realities of a greed - driven , corporate security state whose heartless and corrupt leaders could care less whether we sink or swim .
We , at The BRAD BLOG , are determined to see that this does not happen .
I 'm right in between the two camps that either ; want to find a commonground way to work with the tea - baggers / right wing or dismiss them as blind tools of the fascist right wing propaganda machine .
I understand the need to find commongraound with those whose views differ from ours .
But I 'm dumbfounded about how to reach those whose brainwashing wo n't let them consider another 's viewpoint at all ... and whose whole position is based on falsehoods .
As myself and David Lasagna have debated .
I feel it 's intellectually impossible to see another 's point of view if that other is n't sincere or willing to give your point of view full consideration .
It 's like you 're bargaining from a losing position to begin with ...
I do know that the truth ALWAYS wins out ... and our present circumstances are no different .
" They " want us to believe it 's over and their lies have won .
But outlets such as Bradblog and others refute that everyday ... the truth tide will turn .... SOON !
God I hope it 'soon ... This country can't stand much more .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Adam Fulford said on 3/10/2010 @ 1:19 pm PT ...
New York Times editor Clark
Hoyt is a barefaced liar and a coward with an obvious far - right agenda .
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 3/10/2010 @ 1:22 pm PT ...
Ernest ,
This is truly an outstanding summary of the whole ACORN hit job promulgated by Breitbart , O'Keefe , Giles , and then propagated by the NYT and other supposedly reputable news sources .
Some thoughts : 1 ) I am sorry that any ACORN employees got the axe due to O'Keefe 's and Giles ' hoax .
While it may be true that some of them did not act according to ACORN guidelines , nevertheless we should remember that they were conned .
They were led to form a sympathetic relationship with Giles and O'Keefe first and then slowly and artfully led deeper into knowledge of the imaginary prostitution business through innuendo and careful insinuation of phrases and bogus information .
I can't help but wonder if the employees who were fired would have acted that way in any other circumstance .
Like the lobster that does n't try to climb out of the pot if you raise the temperature slowly , they were gradually taken in .
2 ) I believe the illicit - underage - immigrant - sex - trafficking angle was the reason this hoax was successful in forcing Congress ' hand so quickly .
The right wing has been trying to smear ACORN for years and they were largely unsuccessful until now .
It took the insinuation of sex of the most abhorrent kind --- trafficked undocumented foreign children as prostitutes --- and our governing body just lost its head .
They wanted to make it go away --- and fast .
Due diligence went out the window .
Brilliant move on Giles ' part , who apparently thought of the scheme , and O'Keefe who may have racheted it up a few notches .
3 ) You have to wonder .
Let 's see , the NYT and other papers and news outlets who ought to know better perpetuated this damaging hoax and have either ignored the facts when they emerged or outright refused to issue retractions ( with a few exceptions ) .
EVEN THOUGH these same outlets seem to have no problem issuing retractions when they are clearly wrong in other news reporting .
Are they just stubborn ?
Or do they just not care ?
Or were they told not to get involved in correcting the facts about ACORN ?
I do n't know .
( Just because I 'm paranoid does n't mean they ain't out to get us ! )
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/10/2010 @ 4:15 pm PT ...
Superlative job , Ernest .
Well done .
Will circulate and tweet .
A nice companion piece to Ernest 's that highlights the thrust of BlueHawk's ( # 3 ) and Lora 's ( # 5 ) above comments from Bob Cesca , today : http://www.huffingtonpos...s-all-abou_b_493929.html " ... each ( Tea Party ) topic abstractly hinges on race .
The insistence that the tea party movement is more about taxes , big government and personal freedoms is partly true .
And many tea party people honestly believe it .
But if you dig below the surface into the details underlying these banner themes , it 's not difficult to find that , yes , it 's about taxes --- taxes on the rich to finance the extravagant lives of layabout welfare queens , or big government " ramming health care down our throats " as a means of slavery reparations to African Americans , and personal freedoms being stripped away by a liberal fascist Nazi who wants to give money and handouts to minorities ... " ... Developed by Republican strategists like Harry Dent and Pat Buchanan during the rebuilding of the GOP in the post Civil Rights Act and Voting Rights
Act era , the Southern Strategy 's goal was to win over southern whites by demonizing blacks using subterfuge , dog whistles and coded language .
As I mentioned last week , the late Republican mastermind Lee Atwater described the use of the Southern Strategy as being all about the use of " abstract " issues that imply race without explicitly using direct racial epithets or even the words " black " or " white . " " ... Atwater described some of the abstract issues of his era as " forced bussing " or taxes , and framing these issues in a way that subconsciously fuels white resentment towards blacks , and serves to coalesce white votes around Republican candidates .
After all , Republicans will readily admit that trying to win over black voters has been a lost cause since LBJ , so why not exploit that loss by playing to white racial bias and thus locking down larger chunks of the white vote ? "
Exactly .
Cesca could 've been writing solely about O'Keefe / Breitbart , there .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... BlueHawk said on 3/10/2010 @ 4:28 pm PT ...
Jeanie Dean @6 Spot on ....
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 3/10/2010 @ 5:21 pm PT ...
Ernie -
So many words , so many distortions and untruths .
Patterico has a post up today which blows large sections of your post completely out of the water , but he ignored a lot .
" Had Congress looked before leaping , they would have found that an independent analysis [ PDF ] , furnished by former MA Attorney General Scott Harshbarger , disabuses much of the misinformation that has been propagated about the entire ACORN " pimp " hoax . " -
Not really , Ernie .
Congress acted in September and ACORN voluntarily shut down certain operations in September .
Why did they need to wait for Harshbarger 's report to come out in December since we are not operating in a court of law , contrary to what you contend later .
Harshbarger 's report did not use the word hoax , that is your terminology for something you deem meaningful , but he did find the acts of the various employees very troubling and did not deny that they occurred , even with the admitted editing .
" there have been 46 reported federal , state , and local investigations concerning ACORN ; 11 still pending . "
- Ernie , I believe there are a lot more than 11 investigations pending when you include the county level investigations , but you might want to check my math .
Also , the CRS report did not clear ACORN of illegal behavior as you and Brad have been citing in past references .
They were not tasked with that investigation .
The CRS for the most part merely searched news stories referring to ACORN .
" Doctored videotapes are not ' evidence ' " - Ernie , we are not in a court of law .
As someone who claims to be an attorney , you should know that .
If there is a legal proceeding , then you would have a legitimate point .
The rapes should be described as edited and not doctored , but thanks for the hyperbole .
" ACORN Housing is " a separately incorporated organization ( not a subsidiary or affiliate ) with which ACORN contracts for home buyer and foreclosure programs . "
Ernie , I find this a very curious part of Harshbarger 's report and defense of the organizations .
Maybe you can help me out .
Immediately after the videos started getting released , Bertha Lewis started hitting the airwaves and issuing press releases making what turned out to be completely false claims about the activities of O'Keefe and Giles on behalf of ACORN and ACORN Housing and talking about terminating employees of the organizations .
She was also the one who was quoted in the press release about shutting down operations .
How could she do that for both operations if they were completely separate Ernie ?
Something does n't smell right there .
I call bullshit .
Chew on these comments and read Patterico 's post , Ernie .
Enjoy !
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/10/2010 @ 5:47 pm PT ...
DaleyRocks spewed :
The rapes should be described as edited and not doctored , but thanks for the hyperbole .
And thank you for the brilliant Freudian slip !
First time to date you 've been darn near correct in your continuing defense of accused felons , con-artists and admitted fraudsters !
Good up the good work !
The hoaxsters are counting on your support !
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/10/2010 @ 6:54 pm PT ...
Daleyrocks said @ 8 " Ernie - So many words , so many distortions and untruths .
Patterico has a post up today which blows large sections of your post completely out of the water , but he ignored a lot . "
___________________
Not even close there Daleyrocks .
Patterico , aka Deputy LA County DA Patrick Frey , was so overwhelmed by the logic of my well - researched and well - written piece that he was reduced to complaining that I did not add " according to sources " when I accurately quoted an article that appeared in Ruppert Murdock 's New York Post after the Brooklyn DA revealed that the ACORN employees had not violated any law .
_________________________
Daleyrocks complains that he thinks there were more than 46 investigations of ACORN
_____________________________
It would be helpful if you paid better attention .
I accurately reported that the Congressional Research Service had listed 46 federal , state and local investigations of ACORN ; 11 still pending as of Oct. 2009 , and further reported that , per the Congressional Research Service , none of them , nada , zero , zilch , showed that a single individual improperly registered by ACORN or its employees actually showed up at the polls to cast a vote .
Understand the math supplied by the Congressional Research Service , Daleyrocks ?
49 investigations , zero cases of ACORN - related voter fraud .
Hello !!!
____________________
Daleyrocks wrote : " We are not in a court of law . "
_______________________________
I agree , which is all the more reason why you do n't try and convict people in the press or in Congress , let alone a nationwide organization of 400,000 member families on the basis of this idiotic hoax which took place in only three ACORN offices , 2 of which Harshbarger reported there were extenuating circumstances and one which led to the immediate dismissal of the part - time employees for violating ACORN 's written protocols .
_________________
Daleyrocks wrote : " the NYT and other papers and news outlets who ought to know better perpetuated this damaging hoax and have either ignored the facts when they emerged or outright refused to issue retractions ( with a few exceptions ) . "
__________________________
Precisely !
But what troubles me , Daleyrocks , since you seem so obsessed with sex scandals is that you ignored the following from my piece :
The same New York Times which ran with the O'Keefe / Breitbart scurrilous ACORN " pimp " lie , chose to ignore the sworn affidavits of former Blackwater / Xe insiders which not only alleged that Blackwater had engaged in murder , destruction of evidence , weapons smuggling , and corruption but specifically alleged that Blackwater operated a wife - swapping sex ring here in the US , and that , in Iraq , Blackwater had " young girls provide oral sex to Enterprise members in the ' Blackwater Man Camp ' in exchange for one American dollar . "
I 'll bet your pal Patterico never covered that little piece of information on his site , did he ?
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Macswain said on 3/10/2010 @ 6:55 pm PT ...
DaleyRocks ,
If Patterico had such a solid argument , why are the likes of Ernest and I banned from commenting on his site ?
On the other hand , you & Patterico have been allowed to come on to Brad 's site and make your arguments .
It really betrays who has a lack of confidence and fear of embarrassment regarding the validity of the arguments being made .
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... deecee said on 3/10/2010 @ 7:41 pm PT ...
Still waiting for Alan Grayson and congress to apologize .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 3/10/2010 @ 7:51 pm PT ...
Aww how cute Patterico 's lackeys are now coming over to comment with the same misconceptions .
I learned all I needed about Patterico 's frame of mind when I went through his Schiavo section where he talks about a balanced article he came across .
I started reading the article .
Within the first several paragraphs it accused Michael Schiavo of causing his wife 's condition .
If that 's Patterico 's idea of balanced I sincerely question his judgment .
The fact is Patterico has to cherry pick much like O'keefe to try to make arguments then accuses others of the same thing .
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 3/10/2010 @ 8:03 pm PT ...
As for patterico's blog he moderates his comments before they ever appear .
Brad 's blog allows comments without filtering them unless you break the rules .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 3/10/2010 @ 8:36 pm PT ...
" As for patterico 's blog he moderates his comments before they ever appear . "
Bob -
That would be false unless you have done something against the blog rules such as using multiple screen names after having been warned - then your comments go into a filter before they appear .
" If Patterico had such a solid argument , why are the likes of Ernest and I banned from commenting on his site ? "
MacSwain - Patterico has publicly stated Ernie the Attorney is not banned , stop making shit up .
Using multiple screen names will get you in trouble -
If you believe you are banned , email Patterico and ask why and ask to be reinstated .
Stop whining .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 3/10/2010 @ 8:37 pm PT ...
Brad -
Thanks for pointing out my typo and avoiding the falsehoods you and Ernie keep perpetuating here .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 3/10/2010 @ 8:55 pm PT ...
Ernie -
Your distortions continue to overwhelm and your reading comprehension continues to underwhelm .
Patterico , aka Deputy LA County DA Patrick Frey , was so overwhelmed by the logic of my well - researched and well - written piece ..... that the ACORN employees had not violated any law . "
Ernie , you have such an inflated sense of you abilities that you completely missed the point Patterico was addressing with your inadequate disclosure .
Lying by omission is still lying , but as a purported lawyer you should know that .
" We are not in a court of law . " - Ernie , since you agree with this point , why do you keep harping on it .
Nobody is trying to convict 400,000 ACORN members of anything , that 's just a strawman argument you concocted to distract from the current discussion .
The videos at hand were enough for Congress , the IRS , and the Census Bureau to act .
Harshbarger did not call the tapes a hoax .
The Brooklyn DA said O'Keefe and Giles were posing as a pimp and prostitute .
It 's only fringe lefty losers such as yourself and MMFA who are defending an organization the employees of which advised people on tax evasion , child sex slavery and mortgage fraud .
Take a look in the mirror .
What is wrong with you people !
Have you no shame !
Your point about ACORN and ACORN Housing being separate entities is debatable - you failed to address my point .
" Daleyrocks wrote : " the NYT and other papers and news outlets who ought to know better perpetuated this damaging hoax and have either ignored the facts when they emerged or outright refused to issue retractions ( with a few exceptions ) . " "
Ernie , I did not write that .
You need to be more careful as a purported officer of the court .
Ernie -
You can choose to be obsessed with Blackwater if you wish .
I do n't see the connection to the ACORN videos .
You guys love conspiracies over here , though .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... Fusion said on 3/10/2010 @ 9:08 pm PT ...
BlueHawk @ 3 said " I understand the need to find commongraound with those whose views differ from ours .
But I 'm dumbfounded about how to reach those whose brainwashing wo n't let them consider another 's viewpoint at all ... and whose whole position is based on falsehoods . "
I suggest a different approach though unable to say how it can be carried out .
We need to bypass logical arguments with many regressives .
I think we need to rely eg on Franti / Spearhead and others striking directly at the emotional level ...
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Michael_Franti
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 3/10/2010 @ 9:13 pm PT ...
" Daleyrocks complains that he thinks there were more than 46 investigations of ACORN " Ernie - I forgot that you screwed up on the above too .
I said that I thought there were more than 11 investigations pending in the CRS Report .
See , if you look at the wording of the report , when they total the pending investigations , they exclude the county level investigations , of which there are a boatload .
Try to avoid the reflexive patellar partisan responses Ernie .
They just make you look like an ass when they prove you do n't know what you are talking about .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/10/2010 @ 9:40 pm PT ...
Why can't visiting blogs ever play nice ?... ( # 17 ) - Are n't you the one who comes over here and whines about articles you do n't even bother to read ?
The one impervious to independent thought ?
Who 's been proven wrong over and over again and is n't embarrassed enough by it to realize he 's shredded his credibility here ?
Are you so gray - matter challenged and surrounded by general stupidity that you think we wo n't remember you from two posts ago ?
Well we do .
So even before Ernie is gracious enough to take the time to put your above absurd - isms way out to pasture where they were illegitimately birthed by braindead bullies who hate that poor people can vote - consider :
You 've shamed yourself here many times in front of the whole class .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/10/2010 @ 9:53 pm PT ...
daleyrocks wrote @ 15 " If Patterico had such a solid argument , why are the likes of Ernest and I banned from commenting on his site ? "
MacSwain - Patterico has publicly stated Ernie the Attorney is not banned , stop making shit up .
___________________________
What Patterico " publicly stated " and what he " did " are not one and the same .
When I initially called him out at Ponterico's Pontifications for his refusal to admit the obvious --- that the Baltimore ACORN transcript reveals , beyond a reasonable doubt , that O'Keefe did not pose as a pimp , Patterico blocked my IP .
I know that because when I sought to respond to him , and went to post , my post simply vanished ; never to appear .
Obviously , some time after I complained about it at this site , Patterico reinstated my " privilege " to post at his , which I did today so that his readers can see for themselves .
While I know that someone who is ideologically blinded by the right will come in here and try to challenge the cold facts I have left on this piece , I am truly hopeful that there are a few who have been taken in by hard - right propagandists will come here with their minds at least open enough to take in the truth that appears throughout this blog , and not just in my pieces .
If you wish to cling to your delusions , that 's your choice .
Meanwhile , if you go to the top of this blog you will learn from the new piece I just posted that , today , a federal judge ruled that Congress had violated article I section 9 of the U.S. Constitution when it sought to strip ACORN of funding .
Finally , I have twice asked Patterico why he did not call out one of his right - wing followers for posting what amounted to a thinly veiled terrorist threat against me at his site .
Since he is a Deputy DA , I 'd have expected nothing less .
Yet , Patterico aka Patrick Frey has never responded to that simple question .
Perhaps , if you have any sense of decorum , you 'll take that up with him .
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/10/2010 @ 10:02 pm PT ...
daleyrocks said @ 17 Your point about ACORN and ACORN Housing being separate entities is debatable .
____________________
There 's no debate here !
Read the Harshbarger report .
Go to law school , my friend .
Study corporate law .
They are separate entities .
The fact that they both use the name " ACORN " in their title is meaningless .
ACORN Housing is neither a subsidiary or division of ACORN .
ACORN Housing is a separate entity that enters contracts with ACORN .
As to the balance of your points , and I mean this with the utmost respect , you are so ill informed that it is simply a waste of my time to converse with you .
When you have something of substance to say , I 'll consider responding further .
Out !
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/10/2010 @ 10:26 pm PT ...
The only comments of Ernie 's sitting in moderation at my blog violate my posting rule against slandering me professionally because of my blogging .
The only comments of Brad 's sitting in moderation at my blog violate my new , special rule , enforced only against Brad Friedman , for knowing misstatements of fact .
Why do I have that special rule only for Brad ?
It 's called tit for tat . . . sort of , because I never told any falsehoods --- but if he is going to claim I have , and then come tell actual falsehoods at my site , then yeah , I 'm going to apply his rules to him .
If I applied the " knowing falsehoods are banned " rule to every leftist at my site , I would have no leftist commenters .
But since my comments here sit in moderation until they are too old to have any force , on the justification that I am saying truths that Friedman does n't like , I have decided that the gander can enjoy the same sauce enjoyed by the goose .
That 's about all I have to say .
I have given up commenting here because of Friedman 's erratically imposed rules , which penalize conservatives but leave liberals who commit the same offenses untouched .
If daleyrocks were not spending his time here being lied to repetitively , I would n't bother .
My time is better spent composing posts revealing the multiple falsehoods told her .
The volume of falsehoods here is so overwhelming I do n't know if I can keep up .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/10/2010 @ 10:27 pm PT ...
Great Job , Ernie !!
San Diego is my favorite so far .
Bears repeating .
The interviewer , Juan Carlos , took a bunch of pictures of Hannah when she and O'Keefe were leaving .
This seemed to greatly disturb O'Keefe . ( from transcript )
When they got to their car O'Keefe said ( among other things ) to Giles , " I thought he was gonna call his thug Mexican friends and come over and beat us up . " ( from the transcript )
When they finally did leave Juan Carlos called his cousin the cop to get his advice on what to do about the couple he thought were human traffickers visiting his office . ( from the Harshbarger report )
Soon it was all revealed as a hoax .
The edited and completely misrepresentative video of these events is then entitled -- Acorn San Diego Child Prostitution Smuggling .
Do n't understand how that is not libel .
Do n't see why O'Keefe and Breitbart should n't be spending some uncomfortable time in court .
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/10/2010 @ 10:53 pm PT ...
Very sound points , David Lasagna .
There is certainly an intriguing question pertaining to defamation of ACORN by O'Keefe , Giles , Breitbart , Fox " News " and perhaps multiple other media outlets that ran with this story , especially when they refused to retract it after it unraveled .
O'Keefe , Giles and anyone who conspired with them to secretly record what looks like confidential communications without the knowledge or consent of the ACORN and ACORN Housing employees may have opened themselves up to a charge that they committed a criminal violation of CA Penal Code 632 .
Thus , these two scam artists may not only face days in court , but days in the slammer .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Macswain said on 3/10/2010 @ 11:13 pm PT ...
Daleyrocks ,
It must be a hard reality for you to accept that your idol misstates facts to justify his bogus bannings and that , in reality , he bans progressives who have exposed him for making false statements or weak arguments .
I know from personal experience that Patterico does n't moderate comments based on " rules " violations .
When I found out he was moderating my comments , I challenged him on it and he said it was because I was telling lies .
Of course , this is a serious charge and I asked him to identify just one lie , much less multiple lies .
You'd think that if a person - indeed a lawyer - made such an inflammatory charge he'd have some evidence to back it up .
Yet , Patterico never could identify a single lie .
In reality , he began moderating my after I proved he made repeated false statements about John Kerry not releasing his military medical records to the media .
He knows what happened and why he ran from further debating me .
It 's actual a quite common tactic of rightwing bloggers .
Its sweet that you feel the need to carry Patterico 's water .
Anytime he wants to debate any of us " losers " in person , we 're all available and not hiding from anyone .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/10/2010 @ 11:16 pm PT ...
Dep. D.A. Patrick " Patterico " Frey @ 23 : Just like a wingnut .
Change the rules to suit whatever you like .
Versus our rules policy which is clear , simple , and linked at the top of every comment form as it has been for years .
Your whining and dissembling is pathetic , but no longer a surprise .
You can't support your positions , so you make things up , call people names , and block comments from those who you do not agree with .
You 've still miserably failed to answer the one single question I 've asked you more than a dozen times now : Since you are a Los Angeles County Deputy D.A. you know very well what constitutes " evidence " and you know how to authenticate it .
What steps have you taken to authenticate the " unedited audio " that you claim includes exculpatory evidence for the accused felon and admitted hoaxster that you are shamelessly blogging in defense of ?
You have referenced that " unedited audio " over and again to suggest it " proves " something or other , but you have failed to offer a modicum of information as to how you , as either a blogger or Deputy D.A. have bothered to ensure it 's authenticity as being " unedited " .
I guess we can all assume you have done no such thing , and have chosen to believe the accused felon and admitted fraud .
Good stuff there , counselor !
Finally , you refer to " penaliz[ing ] conservatives but leave liberals who commit the same offenses untouched " .
The charge is absurd on two levels .
We " penalize " nobody , unless they violate the simple rules for commenting here , and that only after several warnings .
Moreover , last I checked , conservatives were interested in the Rule of Law , as I am .
I have so far seen absolutely no evidence that you are actually a conservative , otherwise you would be demanding that your own office investigate and prosecute what appear to be very clear crimes by O'Keefe and Giles within your own district of Los Angeles .
Instead , you are defending them pseudonymously and shamefully on the Internet .
You 'll find real conservatives on this blog , Patty .
Calling for the enforcement of the Rule of Law and the Constitution .
You are nothing of the sort .
You are a pretend conservative who , in reality , is nothing but a party - before - country rightwing propagandist .
Good luck to ya , counselor .
And shame on you .
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 3/10/2010 @ 11:21 pm PT ...
" ACORN Housing is neither a subsidiary or division of ACORN .
ACORN Housing is a separate entity that enters contracts with ACORN . "
Ernie -
If it is separate and independent , why was Bertha Lewis speaking for both organizations , in particular about personnel matters ?
Harshbarger 's report says they dropped the number of subs from the 200 + from their lawyers report in 2008 , with interlocking boards , etc. , down to a madageable level , but provides no detail on when or how this was done - most probably deliberately .
" you are so ill informed that it is simply a waste of my time to converse with you . "
Ernie -
That 's pretty funny coming from you with all the outright lies and distortions in your posts on this subject .
I do n't think you can stand someone scutinizing your screeds who is n't on your team and willing to overlook your blatant fudging of facts and lies , but that seems to be what this blog is all about .
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/10/2010 @ 11:39 pm PT ...
Brad , you will note that in addition to his repeated refusal to answer your question , Patterico aka L.A. County Deputy District Attorney Patrick Frey has refused to answer multiple direct questions I 've put to him .
These include the following : 1 . Whether he believes that his office should be investigating O'Keefe and Giles for a possible PC 632 violation ; 2 . Whether he ever spoke with O'Keefe directly , especially as it pertained to O'Keefe 's methodology applied with respect to the audio tapes in order to assure their authenticity ; 3 . Why he failed to admonish a right - winger who posted a comment on his site that amounted to a veiled terrorist threat against me .
Pat keeps saying that I " slandered his profession . "
I 'm not entirely sure what he means by that , but since both Pat and I are attorneys , it would seem a bit self - defeating for me to slander my own profession .
I did ask Pat whether his defense of an individual who could potentially become the subject of a PC 632 violation by his office raised any ethical concerns on his part .
Is that what he means by slandering his profession ?
Pat 's modus operandi is to level a personal attack on anyone and everyone who does n't accept his rather myopic world view .
I think you are quite right .
He is not a " conservative , " unless you accept John Dean 's descriptor of a " conservative without conscience . "
I believe it more apt to simply suggest that his is typical of the hard - right , totalitarian mindset that does not tolerate anything or anyone who does not agree with him .
If he actually believes half of the crap that he has spewed these past few weeks , then I fear he is suffering from some deep seated , psychopathology .
If he does not believe what he is saying , then he is simply a dishonorable propagandist .
At this point , I 'm really not sure which descriptor aptly fits the man .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Macswain said on 3/10/2010 @ 11:50 pm PT ...
It seems to me that the rightwing barometer for ACORN anger has reached an all - time high since their Republican Wisconsin AG and the Wisconsin " task force " investigation that they so hoped would prove ACORN was a fraudulent organization came up so woefully short .
Moreover , as Patterico is the self - appointed arbiter of truth , one must wonder why his site continues to link approvingly to a post by Ed Morrissey accepting an allegation by the criminal defendant , who the right accepts is a fraud , as factual ( the sex and special treatment allegation ) without any other substantiating evidence .
I guess when you 're smearing ACORN , truth be damned .
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/11/2010 @ 12:38 am PT ...
DaleyRocks @ 17 said : Lying by omission is still lying , but as a purported lawyer you should know that .
Good point , Daley .
Be sure to mention that next time L.A. County Deputy D.A. Patrick " Patterico "
Frey brings up his canard about my having " lied " to NYT Public Editor Clark Hoyt about the " audio " .
There are a few words , both before and after his selectively quoted phrase , ( not to mention a rather clear explanation at the top of what he 's deceptively quoting from ) , that , um , should leave you calling him a liar .
If you suddenly decide to become intellectually honest with yourself , in any case .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/11/2010 @ 12:50 am PT ...
MacSwain ,
As I recall , you praised me for correcting re Kerry .
Shall I roll the tape or would you like to retract now and save yourself the embarrassment ?
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/11/2010 @ 12:53 am PT ...
Whoops , one other point for ...
DaleyRocks @ 17 : Ernie -
You can choose to be obsessed with Blackwater if you wish .
I do n't see the connection to the ACORN videos .
You guys love conspiracies over here , though .
If by " conspiracies " you mean several sets of criminal allegations against Blackwater and it's top - most officials alleged to have conspired to run actual prostitution and child prostitution rings with federal tax - payer dollars --- more of which they receive in a single day than ACORN has received in its lifetime --- and to even cover up murder and so forth and massive defrauding of the federal government .
If so , then no , we do n't " love " conspiracies , but we do feel it 's our patriotic duty to help expose them and hold the criminal conspirators accountable .
You do understand these are allegations , in court , from several sets of company employees and the charges have not been exposed by the company itself ( as with ACORN when they turn in folks who have defrauded them to officials ) , but against the company itself and its CEO , etc .
I 'd have thought as a supposed " conservative " you 'd be in favor of cracking down on such things .
Ya know , holding folks to the rule of law , fighting against massive government waste and corruption and stuff .
Yet none of this stuff appears at Patterico 's site , or at any of the " Andrew Breitbart Presents ... Big Doings " sites for some strange reason .
It 's as if he and you and they do n't care about this stuff at all .
But perhaps you 're busy chasing partisan political agendas and ghosts with ACORN , ACORN , ACORN instead of the actual , massive corruption going on under your nose , and presumably , to your liking ??
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Macswain said on 3/11/2010 @ 12:54 am PT ...
Daley ,
Also be sure to explain " lying by omission " the next time Patterico suggests O'Keefe did n't lie when Steve Doocey introduced O'Keefe on Fox as wearing exactly what he wore to the ACORN offices when O'Keefe was wearing his outlandish , " stereotypical " pimp outfit .
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/11/2010 @ 12:54 am PT ...
Friedman : Did you write Hoyt and say O'Keefe would not release unedited audio ?
Yes .
Did you correct your misstatement ?
No. Evidence forthcoming .
With Hot Air and Instapundit links to my posts revealing your mendacity , you are building yourself quite a reputation as a purveyor of falsehoods .
Congratulations !
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Macswain said on 3/11/2010 @ 1:15 am PT ...
Rico ( since we 're only using last names now ) , I always thought this grand debate on blogs and their associated comment sections was good fun .
There was a time when he seemed to be able to laugh and roll with this rough and tumble world .
But , dude , that last post seems to reveal a troubled soul .
It appears you truly believe that you , Instapundit and Hot Air are some kind of grand arbiters of truthfulness that can simply bring progressive bloggers to their knees .
That is simply a bizarre view .
And the whole juvenile , tattle - tale thing ...
Wow !
Honestly , you may want to consider taking a break from this blogging thing for a while .
You might be surprised to learn that the world can continue without your posts and you do n't have to shoulder this burden of going through these extreme mental gymnastics in your efforts to describe all progressives as liars .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/11/2010 @ 2:45 am PT ...
MacSwain ~ Righto !
I did n't know this guy from a hole in the wall before I read his hostile - aggressive responses to Brad 's recent devastating expose of O'Keefe 's ACORN hit - job / hoax .
Regretting I do now - he makes me want to wash my brain with some kind of chemical solvent .
At first , I thought he was some unhinged fringe -y .
Now ?
Now I do some more .
And yet I 'm told he 's a public official of some kind .
( I would n't believe that ' cause it seems too much of a stretch - but then Brad reported it , so ... just another daily installment of his jaw - to - floor - dropping , dead accurate coverage . )
Not sure if " Co " ( why stop at the implied insult of using just last names ?
Why not just last SYLLABLES ? ) - not sure if Co knows ( or cares ) how crazy he reads , but it has been suggested ( and the record will show ) that he needs help .
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 3/11/2010 @ 5:50 am PT ...
Daley there must be some odd delsy then on patrick 's site I refreshed the page several times waiting for my comment to appear .
As for Patrick he whined over at his blog that he was put into moderation for knowing misinformation as opposed to the real reason .
That he was personally insulting other posters and was warned multiple times to stop .
Patrick , how is an article about schiavo balanced if the first few paragraphs accuse Michael of strangling his wife and putting her in that condition ?
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 3/11/2010 @ 6:49 am PT ...
That should be odd delay .
Phone has small keyboard .
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/11/2010 @ 8:42 am PT ...
Bob Ross --
I like the sound of " delsy " .
And as it sounds odd all by itself , an " odd delsy " is doubly emphatic .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/11/2010 @ 8:51 am PT ...
Patterico wrote : Did you write Hoyt and say O'Keefe would not release unedited audio ?
Yes .
Did you correct your misstatement ?
No. Evidence forthcoming .
_____________________________
What " evidence " ?
Brad has repeatedly asked you what , if anything , did you do to authenticate that the audio was not edited .
The mere fact that accused federal felon James O'Keefe and his serial dissembling employer and publisher Andrew Breitbart say that the audio tapes were not edited does not establish that they were not edited .
Since you are obviously the very competent attorney you claim to be , then surely you took steps to authenticate the audiotapes before you called Brad out on the issue .
How much longer do we have to await your " evidence " of authentication ?
I suspect the answer is , until pigs fly .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/11/2010 @ 9:19 am PT ...
Well , there you have it .
After repeatedly refusing to answer my straight forward question as to whether he believed James O'Keefe * should be investigated by his office for what appears to be a violation of CA Penal Code 632 when he secretly recorded confidential communications inside three ACORN offices , Deputy DA Patrick Frey aka Patterico wrote at his blog : " Even if O’Keefe did n’t break any laws , the leftists will make something up .
You read it here first . "
This would be the same Patrick Frey who denigrated the efforts by former LA County Deputy DA Vincent Bugliosi to set forth a legal case as to why George W. Bush should be tried for the murder of the deaths of U.S. service personnel occasioned by the lies Bush told to take us to war in Iraq as " politics . "
Clearly , Deputy DA Patrick
Frey believes that one 's political leanings provide the litmus test for determining whether an individual can be charged with a crime .
Scary , a man who has taken a solemn oath to enforce the law , sees enforcement as a question of one 's politics .
* Of course , in addition to the possible PC 632 violation James O'Keefe has been accused by federal authorities of committing a felony when he entered the office of a U.S. Senator with the intent to tamper with her phone system .
But obviously , in Patterico's way of thinking , since the Justice Department is currently under the leadership of someone appointed by a Democratic President , any charges against O'Keefe are simply political .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 3/11/2010 @ 10:21 am PT ...
It 's been questioned here whether Daleyrocks is just misguided or deliberately lying .
I just read his comments here trying to answer this question , and I must confess I am impressed .
Daleyrocks is as slippery as an eel ( that 's a compliment , not an insult ) .
I will address one paragraph from comment # 17 : " We are not in a court of law . " - Ernie , since you agree with this point , why do you keep harping on it .
[ If you scroll back to comment # 8 , Daleyrocks brings up the point that we are not in a court of law : " Why did they need to wait for Harshbarger 's report to come out in December since we are not operating in a court of law , contrary to what you contend later . "
It is disingenuous of Daleyrocks to accuse Ernie of " harping on it . " ]
Nobody is trying to convict 400,000 ACORN members of anything , that 's just a strawman argument you concocted to distract from the current discussion .
[ Sure , Daleyrocks .
Pretend that Congress ' action did n't affect 400,000 members of ACORN .
Oh , oh , wait ... they were n't convicted , just punished ( this is not a court of law ) .... my bad . ]
The videos at hand were enough for Congress , the IRS , and the Census Bureau to act .
[ Sadly , yes . ]
Harshbarger did not call the tapes a hoax .
The Brooklyn DA said O'Keefe and Giles were posing as a pimp and prostitute .
[ Disingenuous slippery Daleyrocks ignores all the evidence presented here which discredits the whole " O'Keefe posed as a pimp " canard .
And he ignores the fact that all sorts of people were taken in by it , including the Brooklyn DA . ]
It 's only fringe lefty losers such as yourself [ sadly methinks this was meant as an insult ] and MMFA who are defending an organization the employees of which advised people on tax evasion [ questionable --- the transcripts show that in some cases the employees were advising how to pay taxes on money earned --- but of course Daleyrocks knows this ] , child sex slavery [ ok Daleyrocks , where in the transcripts does it show this ?
They do n't and you know it ] and mortgage fraud [ and you mean exactly what by this ? ] .
Take a look in the mirror .
What is wrong with you people !
Have you no shame ?
[ Daleyrocks , the last three sentences apply to you ! ] "
Just to set the record straight :
The quote which Ernest attributed to Daleyrocks : " the NYT and other papers and news outlets who ought to know better perpetuated this damaging hoax and have either ignored the facts when they emerged or outright refused to issue retractions ( with a few exceptions ) . " is in fact mine from comment # 5 .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Patterico said on 3/11/2010 @ 12:50 pm PT ...
MacSwain ,
As I recall , you praised me for correcting re Kerry .
Shall I roll the tape or would you like to retract now and save yourself the embarrassment ?
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... David Lasagna said on 3/11/2010 @ 2:25 pm PT ...
Dear Lora @ 43
At the risk of making myself and everyone else crazy again I will repeat -- I believe the kind of magic thinking you are trying to deconstruct here is endemic .
Rachel gives new examples almost every night of the serial dissembling coming out of Washington .
And this is dissembling that easily crosses the aisle ( not much distance there , I 'll grant you ) in Washington .
Having also witnessed this kind of thinking first hand for years in my family and in relationships I will say again -- there is an awful lot of this going on .
I think the field of inquiry needs to be opened up a bit .
I believe there are psychological / emotional factors being manifested here that just do n't give two hoots and a damn how much sense and reality you have on your side .
Please , please do n't misunderstand what I 'm saying .
Truth , sense , and reality must be championed .
I think we 're doing a hell of a job , all of us here , with that part .
But my sense is if there is to ever be any agreement on common ground , if there is ever going to be anything other than a battle of wills , other factors may need to be considered .
For instance as Robert Jensen writes concerning literal interpreters of the Bible - - " That is rooted , I believe , in a fear of a world that is complex beyond our understanding , a fear of the fact that uncertainty is the defining characteristic of human claims to knowledge .
In such a world , it 's not difficult to see why people would want to believe that there is a source of ultimate understanding that can reveal itself to people , rather than a contingent source of understanding that we must work hard to grasp , knowing that a definitive understanding is always just beyond our grasp .
The second fear concerns the reaction to any challenge to such a belief ; if the instinct to believe in this fashion is rooted in fear , a challenge to that belief is likely to intensify the fear .
It usually is frightening for us all whenever we have to ponder the possibility that a central tenet of our belief system is illogical . "
I suspect this applies to rigid , fear - based political thought as well .
I 'm not sure it 's possible to address what I 'm suggesting / advocating here in this cyberspace format .
Maybe the back and forths we 're doing with the other side is the best we can do in this medium .
I 'm just trying to say that this ongoing political discussion / argument may not be in the slightest what is taking place internally between all the participants .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Macswain said on 3/11/2010 @ 3:03 pm PT ...
Patterico says : MacSwain ,
As I recall , you praised me for correcting re Kerry .
Shall I roll the tape or would you like to retract now and save yourself the embarrassment ?
I do n't know if you have a reading comprehension problem or are intentionally dissembling .
Nowhere did I say you did not correct your false Kerry posts once busted or that I initially complemented you on the correction .
I claimed you were embarrassed by being busted and began moderating my comments thereafter .
Of course , if I knew you were going to flip and begin moderating my comments , I would n't have complemented you at all .
I also claim you accused me of telling " lies " and have never produced a single one .
Why do n't you roll the tape on that one ?
You 're making yourself look worse when your sole defense is to submit goofy strawman arguments that have never been made .
How many hours did you spend researching your takedown of an argument that was never made ?
Does n't that tell you something about yourself you might seriously want to consider ?
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 3/11/2010 @ 5:46 pm PT ...
Lora -
The Brooklyn DA 's press release about the investigation specifically describes O'Keefe and Giles posing as a pimp and prostitute .
This whole " hoax " narrative was concocted by losers like Boehlert , stolen by Brad who did not do his homework before he began writing about it , merely as a means of discrediting the videos after the racism attacks did not work .
The " hoax " narrative only works on those who did not watch the videos as they came out or are too stupid to understand what they are seeing since it was clear from the first video O'Keefe did not wear the gaudy pimp outfit into the ACORN offices and that footage was edited onto the beginning and end of each video for effect .
Ignorance or stupidity , take your pick .
Like the piece in FAIR today , it 's clear the writer has not watched the videos and is merely ripping and rehashing Brad 's lies .
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 3/11/2010 @ 5:51 pm PT ...
Brad and Ernie - Since Ernie agrees we are not in a court of law , what purpose does perseverating over the questions related to the standards of evidence related to the unedited transcripts and audio serve at this point .
You jerks will just keep raising objections no matter what is put forward and continue lying , which is why Breitbart has n't released the unedited videos , but you know that .
It is pretty funny to watch an actor lecture an assistant DA about standards of evidence , though .
Brad , do n't ever change .
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 3/11/2010 @ 8:09 pm PT ...
Ah I get it Daley Brietbart wo n't release unedited tapes simply because he 's afraid people will actually look at them .
Kind of like how the Schiavo family never released the hours of footage they have because then people might actually pay attention to them .
I find it funny that you 'd take O'Keefe at his word after he already went around on TV saying he dressed in that outlandish costume .
He already lied to you guys once yet you 're willing to believe the hoax .
Even so what actual crime did ACORN part timers commit ?
Do you hold the same standards for John Yoo and Alberto Gonzales ?
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 3/11/2010 @ 8:24 pm PT ...
Dear David @ 45 , I will consider what you say .
I do n't think I am taking it wrong .
I think you believe there are other factors at work here that facts and logic do n't begin to address .
That may be true .
I 'm sure it 's true for some " believers . "
I guess I hope to sort out the " believers " from the " deceivers . "
I think they are two different breeds and I fear the " believers " are sorely used and manipulated by the " deceivers . "
I guess I hope that by exposing the " deceivers " we can hope to reach and influence the " believers . "
Dear Daleyrocks @ 47 , I went on youtube and watched all the videos I could find .
If you are looking for O'Keefe in his button - down shirt and slacks , you can find him .
However , it was NOT " perfectly clear " as you say that O'Keefe did not wear his pimp outfit into the ACORN offices , especially after he appeared on FOX in that very same pimp outfit and we were told he was .
Countless media outfits reported it .
O'Keefe himself played part in this deception .
This evidence has been presented over and over again right here .
If it was " perfectly clear " as you say , then kindly explain why nearly everyone got it wrong .
O'Keefe himself lied about it on FOX ; hence we are perfectly justified in calling it a hoax .
It is also a hoax because the transcripts and eyewitness accounts are so out of line with his heavily edited videos .
As for ignorance and stupidity , I agree with you if you are referring to the NYT and other so - called reputable news and media outlets .
They should have done some fact - checking .
It does seem painfully clear that they did not watch the released videos at all carefully , or perhaps even at all .
I release the general public from the " ignorance and stupidity " label , as they should have been able to trust the so - called reputable news organizations to give them the straight story .
However , Fox and Breitbart and O'Keefe and Hannity and Giles get the label of deceivers and slanderers .
They knew the truth was not anywhere close to what they were telling us , yet they chose to tell us anyway with the purpose of taking ACORN down .
The rationale you put forward in your next comment to Brad and Ernest as to why Breitbart wo n't release the unedited videos makes no sense .
The unedited videos will be the closest we have to the truth of what really happened .
Folks can reach their own judgment about ACORN's and O'Keefe 's and Giles ' behavior .
Unless Fox and the NYT spread falsehoods about what is happening on the unedited videos like they did on the edited ones , there will be no need to raise objections .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/11/2010 @ 10:41 pm PT ...
Daleyrocks @ 47 wrote
The " hoax " narrative only works on those who did not watch the videos as they came out or are too stupid to understand what they are seeing since it was clear from the first video O'Keefe did not wear the gaudy pimp outfit into the ACORN offices and that footage was edited onto the beginning and end of each video for effect .
___________________
What a load of crap !
O'Keefe wore the outfit outside one ACORN office ; spliced it into every video , used voice - overs to make answers to what had been innocuous questions appear as if the ACORN employees were giving advice to a pimp and a prostitute when , in fact , they had posed , in the Baltimore office , for example , as a " dancer " and a " college student . "
O'Keefe , who not only refused to turn over the unedited videos , also refused to be interviewed by former AG Harshbarger .
O'Keefe appeared on the Fox Propaganda network wearing the cheesy pimp outfit , and sat with a smug look on his face as Steve Deucy announced that he , O'Keefe , was wearing the exact same outfit he wore into the ACORN offices .
Obviously O'Keefe told Deucey that he wore the pimp outfit into ACORN ; otherwise why would Deucey have said it ?
( Or do you think Deucey pulled that line out of his ass ? ) .
Even in the highly unlikely event that O'Keefe did not tell Deucey that he wore the pimp outfit into the ACORN offices , O'Keefe 's smug silence when Deucey said that this was the exact same outfit he wore into the ACORN offices is what is known in law as an " adoptive admission . "
Yeah , I know , Daleyrocks .
We 're not in a court of law --- which is precisely what makes it so terrible that ACORN was tried and convicted in the press and in Congress without so much as a single hearing on the basis of nothing more than these deceptively doctored videotapes and the McCarthy - like smear job of Republicans ( and some gutless Dems ) in Congress .
Worse , O'Keefe , Breitbart , Fox News , Patterico and you --- yes I 've read some of your earlier comments at Patterico 's Pontifications , as part of this deceptive scheme , have sought to use the distorted images of these doctored videos ; a few words extracted out of context out of a 46 page transcript and reassembled to make it appear as if the ACORN workers had done something illegal --- they had not .
You and your ilk , in McCarthy - like fashion , then used this disinformation to smear an entire organization consisting of 400,000 member families in 75 cities .
The real question , Daleyrocks , the one you have no doubt never addressed is why , since there were no published reports of illegal ACORN prostitution schemes before O'Keefe & Giles launched the " Great Pimp Hoax , " the motley pair went into ACORN with their hidden cameras in the first place ?
The answer is as plain as the snot dripping from your nose .
ACORN registers voters who do not vote for Republicans .
ACORN assists the poor and lower middle class .
ACORN is the class enemy that a billionaire - funded hard - right was and is Hell bent on destroying .
For years , the hard - right tried to destroy ACORN by bogus " voter fraud " claims , but as the Congressional Research Service study reveals , there has not been a single instance in which a voter , improperly registered by an ACORN employee , cast a ballot at the polls .
In fact , ACORN , the victim of the fraud , is the one that turns people in for registration fraud .
Since the bogus voter fraud charge did n't work , the lying scum that make up the hard - right came up with this phony pimp hoax , and that is why they went into the ACORN offices in the first place with their hidden cameras .
There is no question but that this was a deceptive hoax .
The only unanswered questions are how much money and how many people are implicated in this deceptive hoax and whether , at least in California , the perpetrators of the hoax will eventually face charges for a criminal violation of CA Penal Code 632 .
Your many dissembling comments , Daleyrocks , call to mind the words from an old Paul Simon tune , " Who do you think you 're foolin ' ? "
COMMENT # 52 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/11/2010 @ 11:02 pm PT ...
What 's next , Daleyrocks ?
Will you be coming in to join with the rest of the loony right in claiming that Obama was not born in the U.S. , or are you going to simply join with the likes of Sarah Palin in claiming that the health care reform bill contains " death panels ? "
Oh , but how can I say Obama was born in the U.S. ?
After all , this " is not a court of law . "
COMMENT # 53 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/12/2010 @ 9:39 am PT ...
DaleyRocks asked : Brad and Ernie - Since Ernie agrees we are not in a court of law , what purpose does perseverating over the questions related to the standards of evidence related to the unedited transcripts and audio serve at this point .
Thanks for asking .
While the paper trail of when , how and where this repeated question has come up is readily available on the net both here and at Patty 's site --- along with LA County 's Dep. D.A. Patrick
Frey 's flat out unwillingness to even acknowledge the question , much less answer it ---
I 'll briefly recap to help you understand the answer , presuming you actually want one .
" Patterico "
Frey has continually called me a " liar " for this and that , which is what he does , apparently , in lieu of actual substantive criticism on just about anything .
So that part is expected .
But , in general , he has referred to the " unedited audio " as " proof " or " evidence " that I am " a liar " .
He 's done that over and over again .
Now , never mind that he 's completely misrepresented that unauthenticated " unedited audio " and the unauthenticated text transcripts , both posted by the admitted hoaxters and accused felon , over and over again by deceptively stitching and reassembling parts of them to make his case ( while ignoring the vast majority of both which do quite the contrary ) , as shown here in responses to his comments over and again .
The point is that while that " unedited audio " seems to be the basis for his silly accusation that Ernie and myself ( and Eric Boehlert and anybody else who does not agree with Patty 's partisan , rage - filled , anti-ACORN derangement syndrome ) are " liars " , he has failed the basic benchmark for evaluating " evidence " before using it as " proof " of anything .
As a reporter / blogger / political pundit , he should certainly know better .
That is , after all , what I 'm quite certain he has likely been critical of Dan Rather for in the past .
But as a Deputy D.A. , of all things , he has absolutely NO excuse for not understanding what constitutes " evidence " and how such things are authenticated .
Thus , I 've simply and politely asked him , over and over again , what steps he has taken to authenticate the " unedited audio " which he cites , over and over and over again , as " evidence " for me having " lied " .
He has refused to answer the question , which ought to help you understand how you 've been connned and dishonorably mislead by this man .
It also underscores that the basis of " evidence " which he has tried to use to attempt to label me as a " liar " --- evidence which , even if authenticated , actually does n't prove me to be a liar , but never mind that --- is wholly speculative and is based on taking the word of the admitted scammers , and an accused felon for chrissakes ! , in order to absolve those scammers and felons of guilt .
His arguments , in other words , in either a court of law , or in the court of public opinion , or in the court of legitimate blog comment FAIL from the get go .
He knows this , of course , which is why he wo n't answer the question , because he has failed to do even minimal due - dilligence .
Instead , he simply screams " LIAR ! LIAR ! LIAR ! LIAR ! " and counts on his readers being too lazy , or intellectually incurious enough to bother to go figure that out .
If you buy into what Patty has been selling , you are being scammed plain and simple .
He may be disingenuous , but he 's not stupid .
He knows exactly what he 's doing , and he knows that he is hoping to con you guys , plain and simple .
From reading comments over at his site , including yours , it seems that con is working for at least some of the people , much of the time .
Hope that answers your question , and thanks for asking it .
Now go ask him what steps he 's taken to authenticate the " unedited audio " which he uses as virtually his ENTIRE basis for attempting to disprove the independently verifiable and authenticated FACTS I 've used from day one to illustrate the entire ACORN " pimp " hoax scam .
You jerks will just keep raising objections no matter what is put forward and continue lying , which is why Breitbart has n't released the unedited videos , but you know that .
It is pretty funny to watch an actor lecture an assistant DA about standards of evidence , though .
Brad , do n't ever change .
COMMENT # 54 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 3/12/2010 @ 6:32 pm PT ...
" It also underscores that the basis of " evidence " which he has tried to use to attempt to label me as a " liar " --- evidence which , even if authenticated , actually does n't prove me to be a liar , but never mind that " Brad -
You are a shameless liar .
I listened to Larry O'Connor 's radio show live and the lies were coming out of all your orifices simultaneously .
You could not keep them straight .
Just because the tapes were edited does not mean that something called unedited , has flaws in it because you have created some fabulist narrative about the tapes which even the liberal house organ , the NY Times , does not find credible .
Labelling O'Keefe an accused felon also does not diminish the credibility of the unedited audio and video .
Unless you have some specific claim which raises doubts about their authenticity , you are are again perfectly illustrating why Breitbart made the right decision about not releasing his videos .
I 'm sorry if you are too dense to understand that .
Perhaps an illustration will help .
Ernest keeps claiming that Giles and O'Keefe did not present them selves as a prostitute and a pimp in Baltimore , that she posed as a dancer .
Complete and utter BS .
Dancing was mentioned , but prostitution was clearly part of the discussion , hence the discussion of condom expenses .
Also the underage Salvadorans turning tricks and turning over their money - whaddaya know - a pimp .
Ernie has been shown those lines several times but keeps repeating his BS denying it .
I call him a liar for his continued claims .
COMMENT # 55 [ Permalink ]
... daleyrocks said on 3/12/2010 @ 6:51 pm PT ...
Lora @ 50
You seem like a reasonable person , just a little confused .
" However , it was NOT " perfectly clear " as you say that O'Keefe did not wear his pimp outfit into the ACORN offices , especially after he appeared on FOX in that very same pimp outfit and we were told he was .
Countless media outfits reported it .
O'Keefe himself played part in this deception .
This evidence has been presented over and over again right here .
If it was " perfectly clear " as you say , then kindly explain why nearly everyone got it wrong . "
I do n't know who countless media outlets are .
The citations here and at MMFA totaled something six to eight - hardly enough to " drive " a story .
If you 've got more , bring 'em on as they say .
Nearly everyone I know understood that the pimp outfit was part of B - roll footage , so I do n't understand your claims of people missing it other than my theories of ignorance or stupidity I outlines above .
Liberals are not known for their senses of humor .
" The rationale you put forward in your next comment to Brad and Ernest as to why Breitbart wo n't release the unedited videos makes no sense . "
Lora , it absolutely does and Brad and Ernest are vindicating it every day with their continued posting of fabulist nonsense about " hoaxes " and the tapes .
Sorry if you can't see that .
Even the NY Times finds the narrative the narrative Ernest and Brad are constructing not credible .
Go figure .
I 'm also sorry you can't figure out that advising someone they can choose not to file a tax return if they want is tax fraud or manufacturing expenses or personal exemptions ( Salvadorans ) to reduce the income they report to Uncle Sam .
Lying on a mortgage application , about the source of your income or other matters is mortgage fraud .
With respect to defunding ACORN , were the grants for mortgage counseling from HUD intended for existing members or for outreach ?
Do you have any idea Lora ?
Tell me how the defunding was specifically disadvantaging the members .
COMMENT # 56 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/12/2010 @ 6:52 pm PT ...
(# 54 ) You 've been neutralized here again and again .
Dude , stay down .
" Liarliar lie lie lying liar . "
Why not continue to completely drain the word of all meaning some more by repeating it over and over when it clearly does n't apply ?
-- Liar .
Liar lying to liars .
-- Am not .
-- Are too , Liar .
You 're lying because I said so .
That is how you sound .
Grow up or go away .
Or grow up AND go away .
COMMENT # 57 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/12/2010 @ 7:05 pm PT ...
" ... so I do n't understand your claims of people missing it other than my theories of ignorance or stupidity I outlines above . "
That 's because you 're theory of ignorance or stupidity does n't include you as part of the empty set .
Your scientific sampling is corrupt .
Maybe THAT's why Lora and I ( and the New York Times and Washington Post and the Boston Globe and every other media outlet who got it wrong ) are confused ( and even more REASONABLY ) doubtful of your stats .
" Liberals are not known for their senses of humor . "
Wha ..?
Now you 're just shootin ' blanks .
I guess you guys have really taken over the Vegas Strip with conserva - flop Dennis Miller .
COMMENT # 58 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 3/12/2010 @ 7:45 pm PT ...
Daley a pimp finds clients for his prostitute .
If he was posing as a pimp he would have come out and said it from the beginning instead of beating around the bush .
Unless you think Okeefe is some kind of pussy ?
Instead of claiming he was some college student and she was his girlfriend .
As for " turning tricks "
Okeefe got his wording wrong he said performing tricks .
In the end what crime was committed here other than the breaking of the recording consent laws .
Do you think someone Dyncorp should be defunded for actual crimes of child prostitution .
COMMENT # 59 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/12/2010 @ 9:54 pm PT ...
Bob Ross @ 58 .
You reference actual crimes of child prostitution committed by Dyncorp .
While I discuss the sworn affidavits of former Blackwater that make such an allegation , I 'm not aware of any against Dyncorp .
Would greatly appreciate a link if you have it .
Thanks .
COMMENT # 60 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/12/2010 @ 9:56 pm PT ...
Oh , and Jeannie Dean , I really chuckled at your " shooting blanks " observation as it applies to Daleyrocks , as there certainly appears to be a degree of impotence in his superficial mumblings .
COMMENT # 61 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/13/2010 @ 7:30 am PT ...
Another nonsensical post # 53 from the Brad Blog 's most nonsensical poster , Daleyrocks , responding to Lora # 50 : " However , it was NOT " perfectly clear " as you say that O'Keefe did not wear his pimp outfit into the ACORN offices , especially after he appeared on FOX in that very same pimp outfit and we were told he was .
Countless media outfits reported it .
O'Keefe himself played part in this deception .
This evidence has been presented over and over again right here .
If it was " perfectly clear " as you say , then kindly explain why nearly everyone got it wrong . "
_____________________
That sort of reasoning reminds me of the words someone had written on a men's room wall at UCLA when I was a student there in 1971 .
It read : " Eat shit !
Ten billion flies can't all be wrong . "
On behalf of my dear intellectually challenged friend , Daleyrocks , I will repeat what should have been all the evidence required to determine that O'Keefe was not dressed as a pimp when he entered any of the ACORN offices : Hannah Giles , O'Keefe 's co-conspirator in this concocted partisan " sting , " has now admitted ( once even on video ) that O'Keefe never went into any of the offices dressed as a pimp .
COMMENT # 62 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/13/2010 @ 2:29 pm PT ...
DaleyRocks @ 55 said disingenuously : I do n't know who countless media outlets are .
The citations here and at MMFA totaled something six to eight - hardly enough to " drive " a story .
If you 've got more , bring 'em on as they say .
Of course you know who the countless media outlets are .
As I just explained in a comment to you on another thread , where you similarly tried to use the same laughable red herring : I have shown some 8 instances of the misreporting in just the New York Times alone since Harshbarger 's report was released in December ( unreported by the Times ) .
That does n't account for all of their misreports prior to the Harshbarger report .
Nor the scores and scores and scores of similar misreports by CNN , Fox " News " , AP , NPR , Washington Post , Dallas Morning News , Baltimore Sun and hundreds of other papers and media outlets .
So you 're serious with the above ?
Or being a disingenuous tool of the L.A. County Dep. D.A. Patrick
Frey who keeps stepping on the same rake over and over again , and then lying about it in hopes of hiding the bumps on his own head ?
Thanks again for stopping by to help demonstrate how absurd the arguments are for the apologists of admitted hoaxters and accused felons .
Looks like Patterico could no longer support his own nonsense he was posting here , so had to retreat back to the " friendlier " territory of his own blog where folks like you have a tendency to believe whatever he tells you without bothering to look into the facts .
Here 's hoping your next political scam will targets orphans and cripples !
Those bastards and their " evil organizations " are really living large on the federal government tax - payer dollar and need to be stopped immediately !
America could n't be prouder of you guys .
Impressive stuff .
COMMENT # 63 [ Permalink ]
... Brad Friedman said on 3/13/2010 @ 2:58 pm PT ...
DaleyRocks @ 54 said : Brad -
You are a shameless liar .
I listened to Larry O'Connor 's radio show live and the lies were coming out of all your orifices simultaneously .
You could not keep them straight .
Cool !
That appearance is online , so you should have no trouble pointing out any of those " lies " to us !
I look forward to them .
Or , you could do what seems to be the M.O. for you and L.A. County Dep. District Attorney Patrick " Patterico " Frey and Andrew Breitbart and James O'Keefe and all the rest of the wingnut scammers do , and just say stuff and then declare that it 's true on the basis that you said it , so it 's got to be true !
Just because the tapes were edited does not mean that something called unedited , has flaws in it because you have created some fabulist narrative about the tapes
Let 's proceed as if the above sentence makes sense .
You and Patty have based your defense of the admitted hoaxters on the basis that the " unedited audio " tapes " prove " somethign or other .
Among them , you and he have claimed that they " prove " O'Keefe " posed as " and / or " represented himself " as a pimp .
Among the reasons you make that dubious claim is because at some point in the unauthenticated " unedited audio " and unathenticated text transcripts , you point to a moment when O'Keefe said something about " turning tricks " .
That phrase , however , is not acknowledged by the ACORN Housing worker who is heard responding to " making money " but not to " turning tricks " .
Did she even hear the words " turning tricks " ?
Did O'Keefe even actually say it ?
If you 're going to hang your weak argument that though O'Keefe represented himself as the girl 's college student law school boyfriend over and over again , he was actually " posing as " and / or " representing himself " as a pimp , based on two words that come near the very end of a 46 page transcript , should you --- or the Dep. D.A. Patrick Frey --- have bothered to ensure that " unedited audio " was actually authentic and " unedited " ?
Should n't you and / or he have done the minimal due dilligence to ensure that not only did O'Keefe really say that , but that the person he was talking to actually heard him say that ?
These are basic , Journalism 101 and District Attorney 101 matters .
But neither you , nor ne , nor anybody else hanging your pimp hat on this remarkable thin " evidence " have bothered to do step one of the most obvious , and responsible fact - checking before making your arguments which are , so far , disputed by one official law enforcement agent after another who have looked at the same material .
Unless you have some specific claim which raises doubts about their authenticity , you are are again perfectly illustrating why Breitbart made the right decision about not releasing his videos .
Well , we could simply take O.J. Simpson 's word for it that he did n't kill his ex-wife , or we could bother to more closely examine his claims , since he 's been proven to be a liar on several occassions , just as both O'Keefe and Breitbart and Giles have already been proven .
As to withholding evidence from law enforcement , evidence said to demonstrate serious crimes , as O'Keefe and Breitbart are both claiming and doing , I 'm not sure how you 'd want to be an apologist for that either .
But as you are clearly so enraged by Anti-ACORN Derangement Syndrome ( AADS ) that you are willing to justify anything , I suppose I should n't be surprised that you 've also figured out how to reconcile being in favor of withholding ' damning ' evidence of ' crimes ' from law enforcement , since doing so continues to help justify your partisan political agenda .
Also the underage Salvadorans turning tricks and turning over their money - whaddaya know - a pimp .
Ernie has been shown those lines several times but keeps repeating his BS denying it .
I call him a liar for his continued claims .
I 've already discussed that point above .
The burden is on you and Breitbart and O'Keefe and Deputy D.A. Frey to prove your point .
As Breitbart himself has said over and again ( though only about O'Keefe and his arrest in New Orleans ) , folks in this country are innocent until proven guilty .
You have failed to prove your point to a single law enforcement official .
All of them who have looked at those claims have derided them as laughable , phony , and trumped up .
And yet , you are hanging your hat on a transcript and audio which has been supplied by admitted liars without even taking the time to authenticate the transcript and audio you are relying on .
Is n't that the exact same thing you folks claimed that Dan Rather did , and called for him to be fired because of ?
Why yes , it is .
Double standards ?
" Double " may be too few for you guys .
If you 've got a legitimate story or scandal of corruption and child prostitution on the government dime , please let us know !
Oh , look , here 's one !
But for some odd reason , neither the L.A. County Deputy D.A. Patrick Frey , nor Andrew Breitbart on all of his " Andrew Breitbart Presents ... " websites has bothered to report any of it , even once , to my knowledge .
Now I wonder why that would be ?!
You guys can continue putting politics and party before country .
We 'll continue to fight for democracy --- even your democracy --- whether you wish us to or not .
You 're welcome .
COMMENT # 64 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 3/13/2010 @ 3:19 pm PT ...
Brad , I 've come to the conclusion that further dialogue with the serial dissembling Daleyrocks is pointless .
Like the wing nuts who shut down one of the oldest forms of American democracy , the town hall meeting , Daleyrocks has arrived at the intersection of Brad Street and Democracy Blvd. , seeking to tie us up with one idiotic point after another .
When you refute him point by point , he just denies reality , poses a new set of passive aggressive questions , like the suggestion that we have to keep coming back to demonstrate what has already demonstrated , i.e. , the irrefutable evidence that this entire scam was a hoax ; the number of media outlets that erred in covering this story , etc .
When I pose a direct question as to whether there was any evidence that ACORN was involved in prostitution before O'Keefe & Giles conducted their deceptive sting , Daleyrocks , without a link , suggested that I simply go to another site where O'Keefe supposedly stated his reasons for starting up this hoax in the first place --- as if the burden is on me to search through an entire site to find an answer when Daleyrocks could have directly answered ( or admitted that he did not know the answer ) --- that is the nature of the beast we are dealing with here .
They can't compete with the facts or the law , so they repeatedly raise bogus points , time and again , hoping that , if nothing else , they can get the two of use expending enormous time chasing facts they are already fully aware of --- or , in the case of Daleyrocks , misquoting me out - of - context , thereby forcing me to make the same point I had already provided in the body of this piece .
I believe this blog 's policy precludes the deliberate act of posting comments known to be false .
Daleyrocks has become a serial violator of that policy .
He should be warned , and if this unacceptable tactic continues , he should be placed in moderation .
COMMENT # 65 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/13/2010 @ 5:34 pm PT ...
Ernest writes : " Brad , I 've come to the conclusion that further dialogue with the serial dissembling Daleyrocks is pointless . "
FINALLY !
Have you , really ?
I hope so because :
a ) it is .
b ) we have ( almost ) unanimous concensus on that .
c ) you guys have neutralized him in thread after thread , only to spend wads of your time reassembling long arguments to his same lame , already debunked , patently absurd allegations / name calling / insulting and stupid posts ...
d ) ... which , obviously , these hacks never actually READ , and I 'm now skipping over because you 've already said it quite well in the thread before that and most importantly because :
e ) you both have bigger fish to Frey than Frey .
And yes , these Deceivers (* ) are hyper - aware of what they 're doing .
The INTENT is to keep you ( and us ) posting round in circles , on the defensive , arguing for fact as if it's an intangible , repeating their echo chamber of lies , hold our debate captive to their derision , make us play partners to their chest - beating , stooping , bravado .
We have all been bearing witness in these threads , and there is no question that they are intentionally ushering in the Age of Duh .
Enough .
You are right , Ernest - any other commenters would have been long banned for so many despicable turns of tide .
While I would n't mind seeing that happen , I am not advocating it .
I very much appreciate that you and Brad are giving them every benefit of the doubt to post here in good faith ( as they do not extend the same ) and every good grace to try to make their case based here based on the merits of rational debate ( as they can not rise to meet you in the same ) no matter much they whine and wheeze and call foul .
So keep them around if you must .
But try to economize your responses to them .
Instead of prepping mini-essays , provide a Hot Link to this series as rejoinder for new readers , and count on your regular readers to do the same on your behalf .
We have to find ways of keeping their lies in check without allowing them to usurp you .
Do n't continue to feed their egos by giving them your bully pulpit , your valuable time , your beautiful deductive reasoning and super - solid , loving logic .
They piss on such gifts .
( Oh , and it should be painfully obvious by now that they are NEVER going to answer your fine questions .
Ever .
They can't , so they wo n't , as Ernest rightly reasons above . )
Friends .
You have defeated them .
They are unraveling in front of us .
I know you meant to hoist them on their own petard , but have n't they successfully hoisted their own petards to the moon and back by now ?...
( * Props to Lora for her important distinction between what she termed " Believers and Deceivers " - I think that terminology is a keeper . )
COMMENT # 66 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/13/2010 @ 5:42 pm PT ...
... I just read that their petards were last spotted sailing over the Euphrates at 30,000 feet .
( I 'm not sure that sentence reasonable applies to petards , as I 'm not really sure what petards are .
Can they fly ?
Hm .
Well , if they can , then these ones sure are . )
COMMENT # 67 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean said on 3/13/2010 @ 5:50 pm PT ...
Wiki : as a verb : " The word petard comes from the Middle French peter , to break wind , from pet expulsion of intestinal gas , from Latin peditum , from neuter of peditus , past participle of pedere , to break wind ; akin to Greek bdein to break wind .
( Merriam - Webster ) Petard remains a French word meaning a firecracker today ( in French slang , it means a handgun , or a joint ) . "
Wow !
I 'm an accidental genius .
Must 've transchanneled that term from some very funny , French patriot , fairy - muse hovering about .
COMMENT # 68 [ Permalink ]
... Bob Ross said on 3/15/2010 @ 6:11 am PT ...
Ernie 59 : Rachel Maddow has done a few pieces regarding Dyncorp being twice caught for illegal prostitution rings on the taxpayer dime as well as child prostitution .
Here 's one article
http://www.corpwatch.org/article.php?id=11119
http://www.sourcewatch.o.../index.php?title=DynCorp
" Kathryn Bolkovac , a United Nations International Police Force monitor , filed a lawsuit in Britain in 2001 against DynCorp for firing her after she reported that Dyncorp police trainers in Bosnia were paying for prostitutes and participating in sex trafficking .
Many of the Dyncorp employees were forced to resign under suspicion of illegal activity .
But none were prosecuted , since they enjoy immunity from prosecution in Bosnia . "
" Ben Johnston , a DynCorp aircraft mechanic for Apache and Blackhawk helicopters in Kosovo , filed a lawsuit against his employer .
The suit alleged that that in the latter part of 1999 Johnson " learned that employees and supervisors from DynCorp were engaging in perverse , illegal and inhumane behavior [ and ] were purchasing illegal weapons , women , forged passports and [ participating in ] other immoral acts . "
The suit charges that " Johnston witnessed coworkers and supervisors literally buying and selling women for their own personal enjoyment , and employees would brag about the various ages and talents of the individual slaves they had purchased . "
" DynCorp is just as immoral and elite as possible , and any rule they can break they do , " Some of the girls were as young as 12- 15
COMMENT #69 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 3/16/2010 @ 3:08 pm PT ...
Web Extra : 10 News camera captures car drive into rockslidePhotojournalist Jerry Owens was shooting video of the rockslide when a car comes around the curve and drives right into the rockslide aftermathWBIR video
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Privacy campaigners claim increasing numbers of councils are gearing up for " pay as you throw " rubbish charges by installing microchips in wheelie bins .
The Big Brother Watch group says its survey found 68 UK authorities with the technology at their disposal - up from 42 last year - with chips in 2.6 m bins .
Councils say the chips simply identify to which house a bin belongs and may be used to offer incentives - not fines .
A voluntary scheme is being set up in Bristol to reward people who cut waste .
The city council has applied to the government to become the first to trial a scheme which would pay residents according to how much they reduce refuse not sent for recycling .
SEE FULL LIST OF COUNCILS WITH MICROCHIPS IN BINS Big Brother Watch 's ' Lifting the Lid ' report [ 258KB ]
Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Most computers will open this document automatically , but you may need Adobe Reader Download the reader here However , campaigners say other authorities could use the technology to pile charges onto those who throw away the most - often those with large families .
" If local authorities have no intention to monitor our waste then they should end the surreptitious installation of these bin microchips , " said Big Brother Watch director Alex Deane .
The group 's report , Lifting the Lid , follows a a series of requests under the Freedom of Information Act to identify councils using the microchips .
" Councils are waiting until the public are n't watching to begin surveillance on our waste habits , intruding into people 's private lives and introducing punitive taxes on what we throw away , " said Mr Deane .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
His campaign is funded by the Taxpayers '
Alliance , which lobbies for lower taxes and greater government efficiency .
Former Prime Minister Tony Blair first raised the prospect of councils charging extra to those households putting out the most waste in 2007 .
However , it met fierce public and political opposition .
When the government said in 2008 it would allow up to five authorities to pilot the scheme , none applied .
' Behavioural change ' Shadow local government secretary Caroline Spelman said " bin taxes " would harm the environment by encouraging " fly - tipping and backyard burning " .
" We do not oppose schemes where residents willingly opt - in to a scheme which rewards them for recycling , " she said .
Windsor and Maidenhead rewards people with local shopping vouchers for increasing the amount they recycle .
Microchips do not mean councils can analyse what people are throwing away or issue fines
Local Government Association
Send us your comments Borough councillor Liam Maxwell said penalties did not work .
" Incentives and helping people make the right decision of whether to put some recycling in their landfill bin , or in their recycling bin , is where we 're making the behavioural change for this . "
A spokesman for the Department for the Environment , Farming and Rural Affairs said it was up to councils - not the government - whether they used microchips .
" Microchips do not monitor what goes into the bin and this is not about ' spying ' on people or fining them , " he said .
" Britain cannot keep on sending waste to landfill , and it is important that councils work with communities to reduce waste , reuse it where possible , and recycle more . "
And Corinne Thomson , of the Local Government Association , which represents councils in England and Wales , said : " What microchips allow councils to do is reduce the cost of collecting the bins and , ultimately , keep Council Tax down . "
She said the technology helped councils to establish whether people are recycling and offer incentives to do so .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Abstract
The Consultive Committee on Space Data Systems ( CCSDS ) has defined the Proximity - 1 Protocol for use by space data links between vehicles in the vicinity of Mars and in the vicinity of the Moon .
However , the means to provide time synchronization require processing by the NASA / JPL Deep Space Network ( DSN ) consisting of very large and expensive Earth stations .
This document proposes the interleaved symmetric mode of the Network Time Protocol ( NTP ) , which provides a mechanism for time synchronization without requiring Earth resources .
1. Introduction
While NTP has been deployed on the seabed , onboard ships and on every continent for the past three decades , it is probably not widely known that it has been deployed in space almost as long .
NTP first flew on an AMSAT Earth satellite in the early 1980s and on another AMSAT satellite in 2000 .
It flew on at least two NASA Shuttle missions and in simulation experiments for future Earth - Moon missions .
The NASA / JPL space community has established three regimes of accuracy requirements , precision ( 1 ns to 1 μs ) , fine ( 1 μs to 1 ms ) and coarse ( 1 ms to 1 s ) .
In space all three regimes require some form of hardware assist , as the errors due to packet transmission times can be relatively large compared to the current Internet deployment on Earth .
Precision timekeeping in space must account for relativistic effects ( red shift and time dilation ) , as well as satellite motion during measurements ( Sagnac effect ) .
In extreme cases timekeeping must account for the effects of the Earth geoid , troposphere and ionosphere , the solar wind and the influence of other objects in the solar system .
By far the most important consideration in space timekeeping is that distances and roundtrip times can become huge .
A roundtrip to the Moon takes over 2 s , while a roundtrip to Mars takes up to 40 min and a roundtrip to the outer planets of the solar system takes several hours .
In principle , NTP can work well in the fine and coarse regimes for the Earth - Moon system and for other planetary systems , but something quite different might be required for missions between planets .
However , many of the fundamental algorithms intrinsic in the NTP architecture and protocol suite are well suited for planetary and deep space missions , but packaged in a different way .
The purpose of the time transfer function in space is to synchronize vehicles moving in a gravitational field to a common timescale .
In general , this functin depends on the range and range rate between vehicles , either measured or predicted by orbital mechanics .
Due to relativity effects , these clocks are not syntonic ; that is , they do not have a common rate as assumed on Earth .
The rates can differ from nanoseconds per day to milliseconds per day and have both secular and time - varying components .
2. Proximity - 1 Protocol
The Consulting Committee on Space Data Systems ( CCSDS ) has defined several protocols for communications over space links .
In general , these protocols are designed for use where distance , and thus delays , are very large .
On the other hand , our interest here is where distances are relatively small , as with Mars orbiters and landers .
The CCSDS has designated the Proximity - 1 architecture and protocol [ 1 ] for the transmission of commands , telemetry and science data between spacecraft on and near Mars ( or the Moon for that matter ) .
The Proximity - 1 specification includes six sublayers : I/O , Data Services , Frame , Coding and Synchronization ( C&S ) , Physical ( PHY ) and Medium Access ( MAC ) .
All but the C&S and PHY layers are implemented in the spacecraft computer ( SC ) .
The C&S is implemented in dedicated chips and FPGAs , while the PHY is the RF modem itself .
The MAC is the main point of interaction for the time transfer function .
It has means to instruct the C&S sublayer to intercept a 24 - bit ASM marker used to delimit C&S frames and capture a time tag from the spacecraft clock ( SCLK , pronounced " esclock " ) .
In this narrative the term time tag refers to a value derived from the SCLK , while the term timestamp refers to a value derived from a coordinate timescale in a common inertial frame , such as Ephemeris Time ( ET , aka J2000 ) .
This is important since the buffering and coding functions can delay a time tag in the frame data payload many and varying seconds .
The MAC can also send and receive supervisory frames to and from the remote MAC for the space link .
User data units ( U frames ) are sent and received over the space link along with supervisory data units ( P frames ) .
There are two kinds of U frames , sequenced and expedited .
Sequenced frames are used for reliable data that may be retransmitted in case of error .
Sequenced frames carry sequence numbers modulo 256 .
Expedited frames are used for datagrams that are not retransmitted .
Expedited frames carry sequence numbers modulo 8 .
Sequence numbers are visible to the C&S layer at both ends of the space link .
The SC includes separate queues for each of these and in addition a SPDU ( P frame ) queue , which has no sequence numbers .
The priority of these queues ( leaving out some special cases ) is SPDU , UPDU expedited and UPDU sequenced .
A sequenced U frame of maximum size 2048 octets transmitted at the minimum channel rate of 1000 b/s takes 32 s in transmission , so a SPDU or expedited frame might have to wait that long .
Thus , it is imperative that time tags be captured at the C&S layer .
The C&S time tag and associated sequence number can be captured and retained for later retrieval .
Note that the MAC does not have direct access to the data stream and can only inject or capture SPDU frames and enable or disable C&S time tag capture .
In particular , the MAC cannot inspect or overwrite sequenced or expedited frames .
3. Proximity - 1 Time Service
The specification includes a Transmit Parameters SPDU to enable the remote MAC to capture a specified number of transmit time tags and a Receive Parameters SPDU to capture a specified number of local receive time tags
These are retained in buffers for later retrieval as telemetry data .
In addition , there is a Time Distribution SPDU to convey time tags from one MAC to another and to broadcast the time in CCSDS format [ 2 ] .
SPDU frames carry no sequence numbers , so time tags associated with these frames are not useful in the present design .
The specification expects that the time tags and associated sequence numbers are captured only for expedited frames .
To capture for both sequenced and expedited frames would create an ambiguity , as the sequence numbers are from different spaces .
The C&S wiretaps the frame type and sequence number from the 5 - octet frame header .
This is the same approach used with the IEEE 1588 Precision Time Protocol ( PTP ) .
The network interface card ( NIC ) reaches far into the packet to inspect the frame type , packet type ( UDP / IP ) and port number to determine whether this is a PTP packet and if so , captures a timestamp for later retrieval .
In some designs the timestamp in the packet itself is overwritten .
This of course causes a messy UDP checksum error unless explicitly corrected or disabled .
What would seem to be a prudent procedure is for the MAC to enable the C&S to capture a number of transmit and receive time tags and send SPDUs to the other end of the link to enable the C&S to do the same thing .
Then , each end sends a number of expedited frames to the other .
While not in the specification , captured time tags and sequence numbers are telemetered to Earth and correlated by sequence numbers to select the transmit and receive time tags for the same packet in one direction and then the other .
The time tags are latched from the SCLK , which counts at a rate peculiar to each vehicle from liftoff .
The time tag must be converted to a coordinated - time timestamps for comparison with other vehicles .
This results in four timestamps from which the clock offset and roundtrip delay can be determined as in NTP .
4. Proposed Proximity - 1 Interleaved Time Service ( PITS )
The current method for time synchronization in the Mars space fleet requires the correlation function for each SCLK to be done on Earth .
As the fleet grows , this can put onerous burden on the deep space network ( DSN ) and operating procedures .
This requires means to accurately measure and exchange time values between the vehicles of the fleet .
These means should be an intrinsic , distributed and ubiquitous service of the fleet .
The proposed Proximity - 1 Interleaved Time Service ( PITS ) does this using the Proximity - 1 data link protocol with certain minor modifications .
PITS is applicable in NTP - like configurations involving multiple spacecraft and space links .
In this design the Earth - disciplined vehicles operate as PITS primary servers and the others as PITS secondary servers and clients as in NTP .
However , servers can come and go relatively frequently , depending on Earth telemetry schedule and orbit crosslink opportunities .
The protocol is similar to the NTP interleaved symmetric mode described in the white paper Analysis and Simulation of the NTP On - Wire Protocols , but using only two packet fields instead of three to carry the timestamps .
As a consequence , , the PITS protocol itself cannot detect all instances of lost packets or packets that violate the interleaved rules .
These protections must be provided by additional means .
In order to avoid conflict with the existing Proximity - 1 provisions , we define a new , variable - length Timestamp SPDU ( type 3 ) .
The C&S sublayer already sniffs the data stream for an expedited frame and captures the time tag and sequence number on request .
In this proposal , the C&S sublayer sniffs the data stream for a Timestamp SPDU and captures a time tag ( only ) .
On transmit the C&S recognizes the Timestamp SPDU , captures a time tag and saves it in a buffer .
On receive the C&S recognizes this SPDU , captures a time tag and saves it in a buffer .
No sequence numbers are necessary and capture does not need to be enabled - it is always enabled for the Timestamp SPDU .
Timestamp SPDUs are exchanged over the link several times each pass for redundancy and in order to discipline the rate offset , if needed .
The Timestamp SPDU has two 8 - octet fields , one for the last transmit timestamp , the other for the last receive timestamp , both converted to coordinate time .
At each end of the link this results in four timestamps which can be used by the PITS protocol described in the next section to compute the relative offset and roundtrip delay as in NTP and the IEEE 1588 Precision Time Protocol ( PTP ) .
5. PITS Protocol Operations
The PITS state machine is very similar to the NTP interleaved symmetric mode state machine as described in the white paper Analysis and Simulation of the NTP On - Wire Protocols .
Pseudo - code is contained in a companion S briefing document NTP Interleaved Protocol for LANs and Space Data Links .
While NTP supports an interleaved broadcast mode , this mode is not appropriate for the current Mars space fleet configuration , but could be considered in a future study .
The basic idea is that the PITS primary servers synchronize to Earth by some means and in the process determines the coordinate time t 0 and the offset T = t 0 - S , where S is the SCLK time at t 0 .
Each time the SCLK is read , T is added to its value S to determine the coordinate time t.
If necessary , the SCLK rate can be disciplined as in NTP .
Coordinate time values are used in Timestamp SPDU fields , so operation continues as in NTP .
Note that the Timestamp SPDU packet has room for only two timestamp fields , while NTP headers require three .
The need for this limitation is to avoid fracturing the Proximity - 1 existing packet data formats .
In PITS the origin timestamp field is not used , as its only function is to detect bogus packets , where are highly unlikely in the space environment where transmissions are point - to - point and there is no possibility of retransmission of the same packet .
Where bogus detecting is required , the timestamps can be integrated with an ordinary NTP protocol implementation .
Implicit in this discussion is the need to convert coordinate time as received over the space data link to proper time as used by each spacecraft .
The details on how to do this and correct for orbit mechanics , relativistic time dilation and red shift effects are beyond the scope of this document , but can be found in Chapter 17 of [ 3 ] /
6. Parting Shots
The synchronization method described in the previous section assumes the vehicles are stationary .
This of course is not the case for vehicles in orbit or on the surface of a rotating planet .
In general , this simplification results in timekeeping errors in the order of a few milliseconds to tens of milliseconds .
A more accurate synchronization method requires dynamic measurement or prediction of space vehicle position and velocity , such as could be achieved using Keplerian elements .
Using these six elements , it is possible to determine the orbital position and velocity state vector as a function of coordinate time .
If these elements could be uploaded to the space vehicles in advance , accuracies in the order of tens of microseconds could be achieved .
This would require using an iterated procedure , as described in Chapter 17 of [ 3 ] .
In practice , multiple measurements of range and range rate ( Doppler ) are required in order to determine the Keplerian elements .
These measurements are usually made using speciallized optical or radio signals .
For a given coordinate time , Keplerian elements determine the spacecraft state vector , including its position and velocity relative to the inertial frame of the elements .
For synchronization flow from vehicle A to vehicle B , the position vector and coordinate time of A must be included in the message to B .
At B , the coordinate time of arrival must be accurately determined along with the position and velocity of B. Assuming A and B are in the same inertial frame , such as the Earth and its satellites , the iterated procedure then refines these estimates as in [ 3 ] .
This results in a coordinate time at B .
The success of this method depends on the orbit geometry of B and can result in ambiguity or degeneracy that must be resolved by other means .
If A and B are not in the same inertial frame , as when A is on the Earth surface and B is a Mars satellite , A and B must be transformed to the same inertial frame .
In this case , A is transformed from Earth geographic coordinates to Earth planetocentric coordinate , then to Solar System barycentric ( J2000 ) coordinates , while B is transformed from Mars planetocentric coordinates to J2000 coordinates .
Then , the light time from A to B can be determined in J2000 coordinates .
Questions remain on how to implement this method as a practical matter .
Computing the state vectors and coordinate transforms , given the Keplerian elements and the coordinate time , is not a trivial matter , especially if the spacecraft computer has no provisions for floating point arithmetic .
The computation must be done in such a way that the coordinate time computed from the time tag can be transmitted in a following mesage , as required by the interleaved mode .
If a SPDU frame is used to carry the state vector , a new and possibly awkward frame format must be used .
Further study on these issues could be a topic for future research .
7. Further Reading
Basics of Space Flight
Rocket and Space Technology : Orbital Mechanics
8. References
Web Exclusive
CNPC , Sinopec push up oil prices to cut stockpiles - report By Cai Muyuan ( chinadaily.com.cn )
Updated : 2010-02-23 18:10
China National Petroleum Corp ( CNPC ) and China Petroleum & Chemical Corporation ( Sinopec ) , the country 's leading oil and gas producers , began to heat up wholesale prices of refined oil following the rebound of crude oil prices in the international marketplace .
Between Feb. 20 and Feb. 22 , wholesale prices of diesel and gasoline rose more than 100 yuan ( $ 14.64 ) per ton , the National Business Daily reported Monday .
Market analysts said price hikes by the two companies will trigger panic buying , which will help reduce stockpiles and sales losses for the two companies .
" The wholesale price of diesel have been rising for days , " an employee of Sinopec 's sales company told the newspaper by telephone .
" The diesel price is 6,450 yuan a ton and gasoline 7,600 yuan a ton . "
Private refining companies followed suit and raised prices .
Liu Feng , a researcher with an information service company said .
China 's leading refineries in Shandong province raised their wholesale prices yesterday , with the gasoline price rising about 150 yuan per ton .
According to statistics , CNPC and Sinopec raised factory - gate prices of diesel and gasoline yesterday in many provinces .
The wholesale price of gasoline in Hubei province rose by 200 yuan to 7,300 yuan to 7,600 yuan a ton , the biggest rise across the country .
Price increase a stunt ?
" Both companies raised prices for selling the stocks , " said Liu .
" The dealers tend to buy in when the market price is high .
It is the two companies ' habitual practice for their sales approach . "
The world oil price rose 7.7 percent in the latest four trading days and soared to $ 79.97 a barrel on Friday .
This round of price increases has not exceeded the permissible limit .
Liu said the National Development and Reform Commission adjusted the oil price on Nov 10 , with the wholesale price of gasoline limited at 8,037 yuan a ton .
Usually , burglars steal possessions from inside a home .
This time , they stole the whole home .
The model home , measuring 11 feet wide by 50 feet long by 16 feet tall , was stolen last month from outside a housing company 's Kern County office .
" The home was set on piers and whomever stole it , took the piers and all , " said Statewide Homes spokeswoman Sheri L. Murray in an e-mail .
" This home was originally for a retired couple in LA , and he passed away .
So we helped them out by making the home our model home for our new office in Mojave , " she said .
The home was valued at $ 45,000 , " and our insurance may not cover it until it is found , " Murray said
Anyone with information about the theft was asked to contact the Kern County Sheriff 's Office at 661-824-7130 .
" We are offering a $ 1,000 reward for the information leading to the recovery of the home , " Murray said .
PRESS RELEASE
Stockholm March 5 , 2010
Climate scientist delivers false statement in parliament enquiry
It has come to our attention , that last Monday ( March 1 ) , Dr. Phil Jones , head of the Climatic Research Unit at the University of East Anglia ( CRU ) , in a hearing with the House of Commons Science and Technology Committee made a statement in regards to the alleged non-availability for disclosure of Swedish climate data .
Dr. Jones asserted that the weather services of several countries , including Sweden , Canada and Poland , had refused to allow their data to be released , to explain his reluctance to comply with Freedom of Information requests .
This statement is false and misleading in regards to the Swedish data .
All Swedish climate data are available in the public domain .
As is demonstrated in the attached correspondence between SMHI ( Swedish Meteorological and Hydrological Institute ) , the UK Met Office and Dr. Jones ( the last correspondence dated yesterday March 4 ) , this has been clearly explained to Dr. Jones .
What is also clear is that SMHI is reluctant to be connected to data that has undergone “ processing ” by the East Anglia research unit .
STOCKHOLM INITIATIVE
Göran Ahlgren , secretary general
Kungsgatan 82
12 27 Stockholm , Sweden
===================================
They included attached PDF files .
which I have uploaded to WUWT below .
Click for PDF files :
Request_from_Professor_Phil_Jones_regarding_the_release_of_data_from_the_HadCRUT_dataset__dnr_SMHI_
Data_from_the_HadCRUT_dataset_100304
DOC111209
Sponsored IT training links :
100 % pass guarantee on first try with help of best quality 1Y0 - A17 study material including 642-456 dumps and 1Y0 - A08 practice exam .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
McCain repeats Bart Stupak 's lie on Greta Van Susteren 's show that the Senate bill will allow for federal funding of abortions even though that talking point has been debunked by ABC News and their " truth squad " .
From Media Matters :
For more on why McCain and Stupak are wrong , from Slate : Why Stupak Is Wrong :
A central puzzle of the health reform debate is why Rep. Bart Stupak , D - Mich. , keeps saying that the Senate - passed bill allows taxpayer dollars to be spent on abortions .
The U.S. Conference of Catholic Bishops says it , too .
This dispute concerns ( or at least pretends to concern ) matters of fact , not belief .
The question of whether the government funds a given medical procedure is not like the question of whether human life begins at conception .
It 's empirical , not ideological .
And Stupak happens to be wrong .
Read on ...
h/t jwh22 at Daily KOS who has an action update with contact info for several of the networks SAT .
ACTION UPDATE -- ABC News ACTUALLY DID THEIR JOB !.
The distinctive roar of fighter jets tore across Brisbane 's skyline this afternoon .
Labelled " the Ferrari of the skies " , five F / A - 18 F Super Hornets made their debut in Australian skies over South - East Queensland .
F /A - 18 F Super Hornets , considered " the Ferrari of the skies " , will make their debut in Australian skies over South - East Queensland today .
As the newest addition to the Australian Defence Force military capability , the Super Hornets were escorted by a formation of the outgoing F - 111s and a Hawk aircraft .
The show - and - tell flight over the region finished at the jets ' new home at RAAF Amberley base .
Homebrew Channel
So you want to install the Homebrew Channel ?
The Homebrew Channel , also known as the HBC , lets you execute other homebrew applications stored on an SD Card .
It is necessary for almost all homebrew you need to run .
What you should install first
nothing
What you need
SD Card ( an SDHC card is also suitable if you are at firmware version 4.0 or higher )
Installation
Launch the Hackmii Installer using one of the methods on the Launch page , returning here when requested .
Read the warning message and wait for the " Press 1 to continue " prompt to appear
When the prompt does appear , push 1
Take note of what you can and can't install then push A to Continue .
If any options say No apart from BootMii as boot2 , then you have likely previously installed some destructive apps .
We can't help you fix that .
Installing BootMii as boot2 is an option only available to older Wiis , so do n't worry if you can't do it .
Select " Install the Homebrew Channel " with the D - pad and push A. Answer " Yes , continue " and the HBC will be installed .
This is also a good time to consider installing BootMii .
If you do so , skip to step 5 of that installation .
Now return to the Launch method you used and check if your method has any steps to follow after the installation .
Once you are done , you now have a Wii that can launch homebrew apps .
Read about the HBC below or return to the Starting Page to figure out which apps you want to install .
Upgrading the Homebrew Channel
If your Wii is connected to the Internet , the HBC will automatically apply updates .
Just start the HBC , select yes at the prompt to update and follow the instructions for installation .
If the prompt does not appear and the network icon at the bottom right of the screen is not switched on , click the icon and it should connect .
For offline installations , download the latest version of the Hackmii Installer and use the following procedure :
Create a subdirectory called sd:/apps/BootMiiHBCUpgrade/ on your SD card .
Download HackMii Installer v0.7 or later from this page .
Unzip HackMii Installer and copy boot.elf to sd:/apps/BootMiiHBCUpgrade/
Start the HBC and load the / apps / BootMiiHBCUpgrade / boot.elf application .
Follow installation steps above .
Using the Homebrew Channel
Starting the Homebrew Channel without apps will simply give you a blue screen with bubbles at first .
It 's time to install some apps .
Go to the Starting Out / FAQ page to work out which apps you want to install , for example , the Homebrew Browser a Region Free app or a USB Loader .
You can change viewing mode to a grid pattern with the 2 button
You can choose to load files off a FAT partition on the hard drive with the 1 button .
Install homebrew applications into sd:/ apps / appname , replacing appname with any string of characters to represent the program
, replacing with any string of characters to represent the program
All homebrew apps will have either a .dol or .elf file .
Rename this to boot . dol or boot.elf ( do not change the extension ) and place it in the sd:/ apps / appname directory
directory Optionally add the files meta.xml and icon.png into the sd:/ apps / appname to get a name , info and image to show up for the program
to get a name , info and image to show up for the program The HBC will be located in your Wii Channels .
Run it , and it will give you a list of all the applications in the sd:/ apps directory
To change the order of the apps , alter the meta.xml files and change the name field .
Apps will display in alphabetical order .
FAQ
The HBC says " Not a valid Wii executable " or something similar when I choose my app .
What 's wrong ?
This is likely a .elf file .
Some older apps do not use the proper .elf format and the HBC does n't recognise them .
You should find an updated version , or use ELF to DOL converter
I just see bubbles .
What do I do now ?
You do n't have any apps yet .
Go here to find out what apps you might like to install and how to install them , or look at the What Next section below .
What Next ?
CENTRAL FALLS , R.I. —
A teacher at a failing Rhode Island school where he and all his colleagues were fired hung an effigy of President Barack Obama in his classroom , apparently in reaction to Obama ’s support of extreme measures to ensure accountability in schools .
The teachers union on Thursday condemned the effigy , discovered Monday in the teacher ’s third - floor classroom at Central Falls High School , saying it was wrong and cannot be condoned under any circumstances .
ADVERTISEMENT
The effigy was found in the unidentified teacher ’s classroom by Superintendent Frances Gallo , Nicole Shaffer of the Rhode Island Department of Education told The Associated Press .
Shaffer said the department would not have any further comment .
Gallo did not immediately respond to calls from the AP seeking comment , but she told CNN that the foot - tall Obama doll that she saw Monday was found hung from its feet from a white board and was holding a sign that said “ Fire Central Falls teachers . ”
FULL STORY FOLLOWS BELOW
Yesterday we mentioned that Rick Green had made it into a run-off election for a spot on the Texas Supreme Court , which was rather remarkable considering that he had exactly zero judicial experience and , since being voted out of state legislative office back in 2002 , had been serving as David Barton ’s right - hand man at WallBuilders .
Now if you know anything about Barton ’s work and his presentations , then this video of Green will seem very familiar as he is basically Barton ’s back - up ; a second - stringer delivering WallBuilders ’ presentations about America ’s purely Christian heritage when Barton is unavailable :
But rest assured that Green has an identity of his own , as well … he ’s also a Tea Party activist who rails against “ socialists ” like Barney Frank and Chris Dodd and announces that they are “ firing the first shots of a second American Revolution right here in Texas ” :
And just in case it is n’t clear just how right - wing Rick Green really is , allow me to post this video of Alan Keyes endorsing him back in 2002 :
Now that might not seem particularly relevant , except for the fact that it was Green who posted this ad on his YouTube page on February 11 , 2010 … so obviously , the endorsement of a completely unhinged Birther like Keyes is something that Green thinks is the sort of thing that it helps to highlight .
In one month , it is entirely possible this man could win a Republican run-off election and be all but assured of a seat on the Texas Supreme Court .
At the Capitol on Tuesday , he spent much of the day declaring that he was going to fight to keep his seat , and that the very rule of law was at stake .
“ There was one , sole conviction on reckless assault misdemeanor , which is under appeal , ” Mr. Monserrate said .
“ This is not about the underlying incident . ”
What , then , was shaping the debate about throwing him out ?
He spoke in a low voice : “ There ’s a lot of politics driving this . ”
The point was inarguable .
Mr. Monserrate had committed multiple political felonies , and Tuesday was as much the day of reckoning for them as it was for the crime he was convicted of .
Image Credit ... Nathaniel Brooks for The New York Times
During his 13 months as a state senator , both parties found Mr. Monserrate to be a useful bug to have in the bed .
He was elected as a Democrat in 2008 , when the party gained a majority in the Senate for the first time in decades .
Six months after taking office , he switched sides with Senator Pedro Espada Jr. , who was given various emoluments and a splendid title by the Republicans so that they could recapture control of the Senate .
TO ENGLISH ears , the word “ compromise ” often has a shabby ring .
When safety or quality are compromised , people get hurt .
Yet in continental Europe , compromise is often a political ideal .
Nowhere is this truer than in Belgium , a country whose Dutch - and French - speaking populations tolerate each other ( just ) , thanks to endless fudges and deals lubricated with taxpayers ' money .
Belgium 's six governments are all baggy coalitions that balance social - market capitalism with a free - spending public sector ( one in three active adults works for the state ) .
A third of parliamentarians from Flanders would like Belgium to vanish , says one senior politician .
Belgian governments fall often , yet the place trundles along because most leaders agree to disagree .
One thing that unites them is faith in deeper European integration .
Apart from those on the extreme right , most Belgian politicians would welcome European Union taxes , a European army and nation - states reduced to a vestigial role .
It is not hard to see why : to Belgian leaders trapped in the national equivalent of a bad marriage , the EU 's free love must look like bliss .
This is the world that shaped Herman Van Rompuy , the first permanent president of the European Council , where heads of government come together .
This job ( once coveted by Tony Blair ) was created by the Lisbon treaty .
It is held for a two - and - a - half year term , renewable once .
It makes Mr Van Rompuy a full - time spokesman for the EU 's 27 leaders , a chairman who sets the agenda for summits and is host when foreign dignitaries come calling .
The post replaces a system in which national leaders chaired the European Council in rotation for six months at a time .
Mr Van Rompuy , a 62 - year - old Flemish Christian Democrat , was picked in November 2009 , at the same time as Catherine Ashton , a British Labour peer , who became the EU 's foreign - policy chief .
As onlookers rubbed their eyes and Googled this little - known pair , a simple gibe spread : EU leaders had chosen non-entities who could not overshadow them .
A few months on , Lady Ashton remains a target of withering criticism , much of it unfair .
In contrast Mr Van Rompuy 's star has risen .
Senior officials call him “ very intelligent ” and “ a master tactician ” , notably at a summit on February 11th when he drafted a declaration of EU solidarity with Greece that bridged the differences between Germany 's Angela Merkel and France 's Nicolas Sarkozy .
In person , he has an air of authority more than power .
With his soft , monotonous delivery , his fondness for grey ties , and wispy , professorial hair , he could be a university president .
He is a devout Catholic with mild , donnish quirks .
He writes haiku poems and reads Shakespeare for pleasure .
Official lunch guests are greeted with sherry , which one does not often see nowadays .
Mr Van Rompuy sips his sherry modestly and shuns wine at table ( instead , his glass is discreetly filled with Stella Artois beer ) .
He speaks French and German as well as Dutch : he is shy of using English in public although he is fluent in it , say aides .
He has his critics .
Photographs of Mr Van Rompuy at the February 11th summit , flanked by the German and French leaders , reinforced the impression that he has “ only two bosses , Merkel and Sarkozy ” , to quote one national ambassador to the EU .
Supporters say these images were “ unfortunate ” , and add that Mr Van Rompuy saved the summit by heading off a Franco - German announcement on Greece that did not even involve the European Council .
But another ambassador says that east and central European leaders remain “ furious ” with Mr Van Rompuy , feeling that he ignores small countries .
He has raised some eyebrows with his eagerness to represent the EU at G20 meetings , alongside the European Commission president , José Manuel Barroso , and leaders of G20 members from Europe .
Despite weekly breakfasts with Mr Barroso , a “ blow - up ” looms , it is widely predicted , as the two men tussle over who should speak for Europe in global discussions of economic governance or climate change .
Mr Van Rompuy 's background has left its mark .
As a former Belgian prime minister , he has big ambitions for the European Council , which became a formal EU institution for the first time under the Lisbon treaty .
He has startled colleagues by suggesting that they gather once a month , and devote some meetings to single issues : energy security , foreign policy or a mandate for him to take to global gatherings , say .
Many past European summits have been dull affairs , generating 40 - page conclusions that the assembled leaders barely read , drafted for weeks by their underlings .
Mr Van Rompuy wants “ top - down ” summits that issue crunchy conclusions , filled with concrete tasks , that leaders then take collective responsibility for fulfilling , says a senior official .
Enter economic government
A priority is what Mr Van Rompuy calls “ European economic government ” .
This is a slippery term .
Among French politicians , it can mean dirigisme , and putting growth ahead of budget deficits or inflation .
In Germany , where it was until recently a taboo phrase , it means something like the harmonisation of rigour .
Privately , Mr Van Rompuy 's instincts may be more Germanic than French .
He talks of macroeconomic co-ordination , to make sure that national policies do not clash with EU goals .
But his private views are not important .
He knows that national leaders disagree about a lot .
But he likes to say that people do not have to agree on an end goal to work together .
After all , in Belgium , everyone disagrees all the time : the art of compromise comes later , making sure that everyone leaves the room on the same line .
Is Mr Van Rompuy a man of ambition , keen to push national governments towards deeper EU integration ?
Or is he a pragmatist , wary of imposing ideas on elected national governments ?
Both : he is a man of compromise .
He will be worth watching .
Economist.com/blogs/charlemagne
The U.S. Supreme Court 's camera blackout of the trial over same - sex marriage in California did n't faze two Los Angeles filmmakers , who - with the help of transcripts , bloggers and a corps of professional actors - have launched its re-enactment on YouTube .
" We want all Americans to have a chance to judge for themselves , based on the evidence that was presented , " John Ireland said Monday after the first of 12 scheduled " episodes , " each covering a day of the trial , made its Internet debut .
The cast includes such Hollywood talents as Tess Harper and Adrienne Barbeau .
Testimony in the trial ended Wednesday in San Francisco before Chief U.S. District Judge Vaughn Walker , who is expected to hear closing arguments next month .
At stake is the constitutionality of Proposition 8 , the November 2008 initiative that defined marriage as the union of a man and a woman .
The Supreme Court intervened Jan. 11 to block Walker 's plan to have the trial telecast to other courthouses and have testimony uploaded to YouTube , both of which would have been unprecedented for a federal case in California .
In a 5 - 4 ruling two days later , the court said the telecast might subject pro-Prop .
8 witnesses to harassment and intimidation .
" We were poised ... getting ready to watch it , " when the court ruled , said Ireland 's filmmaking colleague , John Ainsworth , who married his partner at San Francisco City Hall before Prop. 8 passed .
" It frustrated me .
Who were they to say that I can't watch this , especially when it's in a public courtroom ? "
With no money to pay anyone , they put out a casting call to the Screen Actors Guild and got an enthusiastic turnout for the more than 40 available roles , Ireland said .
The No on 8 side relayed official trial transcripts , bloggers and a professor in the courtroom described the witnesses and the atmosphere , and David Cruz , a University of Southern California law professor , provided legal guidance .
Although both filmmakers opposed Prop. 8 , they took pains to cast attractive performers on both sides , Ireland said .
Their goal , he said , was " transparency , not swaying anybody . "
Harper , who starred in " Tender Mercies " and was nominated for an Academy Award for " Crimes of the Heart , " plays plaintiff Sandra Stier , a Berkeley woman suing for the right to marry her partner .
Barbeau portrays one of the plaintiffs ' witnesses , psychology Professor Letitia Peplau .
Ireland cast himself as another plaintiffs ' witness , George Chauncey , a Yale history professor .
Veteran character actor Jack Laufer plays plaintiffs ' attorney David Boies .
Gregory Itzin , who plays the president in the television series " 24 , " is cast as the star defense witness , David Blankenhorn , president of the Institute for American Values .
The filmmakers plan to post a new installment every two or three days and hope to finish by late February , Ireland said .
So far , he said , the only feedback from trial participants has been some phone calls from lawyers and witnesses offering tips on how to portray them .
By Katia Moskvitch
BBC Russian.com
Cloud seeding on days of celebration has been routine
Standing by an open hatch on a Russian military plane high up in the sky is tricky .
All the more so when your job is to " seed " clouds , shovelling chemicals outside to cause rain .
These seeded clouds never make it to Moscow , where millions are enjoying a nice sunny holiday .
Or where guests might be dancing at a wedding under the clear blue sky .
Some might think that controlling the weather sounds a bit like science fiction .
But military pilot Alexander Akimenkov does n't think so .
I do n't think there will be good results - dry substances are not able to have any noticeable reaction with ice particles
Dr Nina Zaitseva
Russian Academy of Science
He has seeded clouds over Moscow on important state holidays for many years .
He says the Russians use two different methods to try to drive the rain away .
" Either there 's a special machine that spits out silver iodide , dry ice or cement into the clouds , or a hatch opens and a guy with a shovel seeds the clouds manually , " he explains .
" As soon as the chemicals touch the cloud , a hole appears .
It becomes bigger and bigger , and it either rains right there and then or , if the clouds are n't very dense , they disperse without any precipitation . "
The Russian government has used rain prevention methods since Soviet times , seeding clouds for major celebrations three times a year - Victory Day , City Day and , more recently , Russia Day .
There are also private companies that for some $ 6,000 per hour say they can guarantee sunshine on your wedding day - or for any other private party .
HOW CLOUD SEEDING WORKS 1 .
Silver iodide is fired into cloud using flares on planes or from the ground 2 .
Water droplets then attach to these particles 3 .
They fall as snow if surface temperatures are below or near freezing , or as raindrops at warmer temperatures 4 .
Heat released as the droplets freeze boosts updrafts , which pull more moist air into the cloud Despite the use of the cloud - seeding technique , many scientists remain sceptical of its effectiveness
Many ecologists agree that these techniques , also used in many other countries for irrigation purposes , do not pose much of a threat to the environment or people 's health , as the period of active influence on the clouds is very short .
But when Moscow 's mayor Yuri Luzhkov suggested the technique could shift the winter snow outside the capital - and therefore save more than $ 10 m in snow - clearing costs - many felt the city authorities were going a bit too far .
Alexey Yablokov says winter snow is vital in Moscow ( Photo : Y. Kotlyarenko - Shukhman )
Even if the idea might appeal to Moscow drivers , tired of constant traffic jams - especially bad in snowy conditions - it has stirred concerns among local ecologists .
" Millions of tonnes of snow diverted from Moscow will create chaos in the areas where it is forced to fall and might even lead to the collapse of bridges and roofs , " said Alexei Yablokov , one of Russia 's leading environmentalists , who was ecological adviser to former President Boris Yeltsin .
Besides , a lack of snow in Moscow would cause many problems in the capital itself , he said .
" Why do we need snow in Moscow ?
Snow on the ground helps the roots of trees to survive during severe frosts .
If there 's no snow , lots of vegetation - trees , bushes - will die .
" Snow also cleans the atmosphere very effectively .
If there 's nothing to clean the Moscow atmosphere , many people will die - there will be tens or even hundreds of additional deaths , " explains Mr Yablokov .
' Groundless ' concerns But Valery Stasenko from Roshydromet - the Federal Service of Hydrometeorology and Environmental Monitoring - calls these concerns groundless .
" It is stupid to say that there wo n't be any snow in Moscow .
If there is some five centimetres of it , it 's absolutely fine , but there is a limit when all the transport just stops , " he said , adding that the aim of winter cloud - seeding would not be to get rid of snow , but to control its level , not letting it go over this maximum limit .
The planes will be out only occasionally , said Mr Stasenko , to prevent major snowfall that happens on average three or four times a month .
Thus it will cost a lot less than using snowploughs that are out most days of the winter .
Moscow 's mayor raised the possibility of seeding in the winter " Besides , the idea did n't come to the Moscow mayor from nowhere , it is based on facts .
In the early 1980s , back in the Soviet period , there was a special service to limit snowfall over Moscow .
It stopped working during perestroika [ Gorbachev 's reforms ] , when money became scarce , " Mr Stasenko said .
" Some eight to 10 planes had to find clouds with the most precipitation and spray them with crystallising chemicals .
" Not all water vapour in the atmosphere turns to precipitation , and for the snow to fall , water vapour should concentrate on ice crystals first .
So we were making snow fall before it reached Moscow and this work reduced the amount of snow in the capital by 20 , 30 and sometimes 40 % . "
Ecology threat
And even though this winter is over and the snow in Moscow will soon disappear naturally , scientists at the Central Aerological Observatory of Roshydromet have been working for months trying to come up with new , improved techniques of winter cloud - seeding .
They refused to explain the essence of their work .
And this secrecy raises important environmental concerns , says a climate specialist from the Russian Academy of Sciences ' Department of Earth Sciences , Nina Zaitseva .
She believes that even with raincloud seeding , much depends on luck and coincidence .
She is sceptical about the current research and the state 's past or present ability to effectively seed winter clouds .
" I do n't think there will be good results - dry substances are not able to have any noticeable reaction with ice particles .
But if they decide to seed winter clouds with a liquid , they should first and foremost think about the ecological consequences , " said Dr Zaitseva .
Regardless of the Moscow authorities ' final decision on snow cloud seeding , Russia remains one of the few nations where weather control is more than using anti-hail cannons and battling droughts .
So if you want to visit Moscow and do n't fancy rain , go there on one of the three precipitation - free holidays .
And if you want to ensure your wedding day is dry - it might just be possible to make it happen .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Advertisements
On his radio show today , Rush Limbaugh kept it classy by going on the attack against the decreased Ted Kennedy .
Limbaugh took offense at Karl Rove saying that he was impressed with Kennedy , and showed his displeasure by saying , “ You and I look at Ted Kennedy .
He ’s a buffoon , a dangerous buffoon . ”
Rush must have been having some sort of drug induced flashback , because he kept speaking about Kennedy in the present tense .
Here is the audio courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
Limbaugh said , “ I ’m sure you heard Karl say how impressed he was with Ted Kennedy .
Now how can that be ?
You and I look at Ted Kennedy .
He ’s a buffoon , a dangerous buffoon , who ’s out destroying very important valuable people on our side , personally , character wise , career wise , he ’s out destroying them , but people get to Washington and see Ted Kennedy as an icon .
How can that be , very successful Democrat , because he ’s in the game . ”
Being that he is dead and all , I would be very impressed with Ted Kennedy too , if he was still in the game .
This has to be one of the most delusional things that Rush Limbaugh has ever said .
Ted Kennedy is dead , so why is Limbaugh speaking about him in the present tense .
As evidenced by the never ending healthcare reform debate , Ted Kennedy is certainly not influencing our national politics anymore .
Kennedy has a legacy of impact that the bitter and drug ravaged Limbaugh can never hope to match .
I do n’t know maybe this is some warped political version of A Christmas Carol where the ghost of Ted Kennedy visits Limbaugh every night and tries to get him to change his ways , but a more likely explanation is that the drugged out Limbaugh was hallucinating again .
Limbaugh has become right wing talk version of Jim Ignatowski from Taxi .
You never when he is going to leave our world and go off on one of his little trips .
Why the ' Human Barbie ' is now injecting her own 16 - year - old daughter with Botox
A teenage girl has become Britain 's youngest Botox user at the age of just 15 - thanks to injections administered by her own mother .
Hannah Burge , now 16 , first had Botox injections into her facial muscles at a clinic in Spain last year after her mother Sarah , 49 , gave consent .
She has since had two more Botox injections administered at home by her mother , known as the Human Barbie , who is a trained aesthetic practitioner .
Face value : Sarah Burge , who has had over 100 cosmetic procedures , administers Botox to her sixteen - year - old daughter , Hannah
The single mother - of - three holds the world record for the most cosmetic procedures and has spent more than £ 500,000 to get the perfect face and body .
Her daughter is now injected with half the usual dosage given to adults which she believes will prevent her developing wrinkles in the future .
The schoolgirl looked at online teen websites and forums to research the treatment and found young girls saying they felt more confident after having Botox .
She has heard of girls having the treatment at 16 but believes she was the youngest UK teen to have the injections at just 15 .
Ms Burge said : ' I wanted to have Botox for two reasons - it prevents wrinkles and everyone at my school was talking about having " B " .
' I wanted to have Botox for two reasons - it prevents wrinkles and everyone at my school was talking about having " B " '
' I had a couple of lines on my forehead and around my mouth , which I was unhappy about .
' Appearance is important to me and I do n't want to look haggard and ugly by the time I'm 25 .
' Some of my friends told me that the earlier you start to have B , the fewer wrinkles you 'll have as an adult .
Sarah Burge supports her daughter having Botox at such a young age and is happier administering the injections herself .
The trained aesthetic practitioner from St Neots , Cambridge , describes herself as an ' expert ' in Botox and uses the same Botox on her daughter that she uses on herself .
She said : ' I was thrilled Hannah was open and honest with me about having Botox .
' I 'd much rather know about it than have her do it behind my back .
Like mother , like daughter : Sarah was ' thrilled ' when Hannah wanted Botox and now also plans to have lip fillers administered by her mother
' I talked her through the procedure and feel I did the responsible thing .
' I know some parents will be horrified but this is my way of protecting my daughter from back - street rip - off merchants .
' Also , considering I have had so much surgery , I 'd be a hypocrite to tell my daughter she could n't have Botox .
Human Barbie : Sarah has spent more than £ 500,000 to get the perfect face and body
' My opinion is that parents should be much more involved in their children 's lives from an early age and I know that Hannah does n't mind me knowing about her love of B . '
Sarah has had over 100 procedures including implants in her cheeks and chin , a brow lift , an upper eye lift , liposuction to the jaw , chin and neck and three facelifts .
Botox is the trade name for botulinum toxin , a bacteria which causes muscle paralysis lasing for up to four months .
Fazel Fatah , President - Elect of the British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Surgeons said that Botox should only be administered by a professional in sterile conditions .
He said : ' It is shocking to me , as an experienced surgeon , that anyone would buy from the internet and administer Botox into the face of a 16 - year - old .
' And buying Botox or fillers online is extremely dangerous because the buyer has no idea of the source .
' The product could be contaminated or not completely pure .
' Too frequent or excessive dosing of Botox can lead to the patient developing resistance to treatment or may exaggerate any facial asymmetry .
' Excessive Botox can also cause facial weakness or paralysis , and double vision , if injected incorrectly near the eye area . '
' I was thrilled Hannah was open and honest with me about having Botox '
But the teenager is happy to have had the injections and now plans to have lip fillers administered by her mother to give her a fuller pout .
She said : ' I 've met plenty of girls my age who are having these procedures behind their parents ' backs , which I think is pretty dangerous .
' Teen Toxing is just part of life these days , which is why I share it with my mum .
' With her help , I wo n't get that frozen - face look when I 'm older and will never have a line or wrinkle on my face . '
Natural beauty : A brunette Sarah before her surgery obsession began
FOCUS La Commission européenne a autorisé mardi la culture d'une pomme de terre OGM , mise au point par un spécialiste de la chimie , BASF , pour un usage industriel .
Pourquoi BASF s'est - il intéressé à la pomme de terre ?
BASF a longtemps été davantage connu pour ses cassettes vidéo vierges que pour sa position de numéro un mondial de la chimie .
Cela fait pourtant plus de treize ans que le groupe allemand s'est séparé de cette activité , dans une filiale indépendante revendue au coréen Kohap .
Cette revente coïncide avec la première demande d'autorisation de la pomme de terre OGM Amflora , en Suède , développée par BASF pour ses usages non alimentaires .
Quels sont les usages non alimentaires d'une pomme de terre ?
La pomme de terre n'a pas seulement un usage alimentaire .
Elle est aussi appréciée pour ses vertus industrielles .
L'amidon qu'elle contient est ainsi utilisé dans la fabrication de textiles d'adhésifs ou de papiers .
Il sert par exemple à réaliser les couvertures brillantes des magazines ou à retarder la prise de certains bétons .
Quel est l'intérêt d'une pomme de terre OGM ?
La pomme de terre OGM de BASF , baptisée Amflora , ne conserve que la partie de l'amidon qui intéresse les industriels .
L'amidon est composé d'amylose et d'amylopectine .
S'ils ont tous les deux des vertus nutritionnelles , seule l'amylopectine est utile dans l'industrie .
Jusqu'alors , cette séparation de l'amylose et de l'amylopectine était coûteuse .
La pomme de terre de BASF , par une modification génétique qui inhibe la synthèse d'amylose , produit de l'amylopectine pure .
En attendant que le même résultat puisse être atteint par des procédés de sélection naturelle , la Commission européenne souligne donc que la pomme de terre génétiquement modifiée de BASF « contribue à optimaliser le processus de production et à économiser des matières premières , de l'énergie , de l'eau et des substances pétrochimiques » .
A LIRE AUSSI
» Un nouvel OGM autorisé à la culture
» OGM : commercialisation ou culture , une vraie différence
We remarked last week that the FDIC had put forward a proposal for fixing the securitization market .
To be a bit more precise , it was the FDIC ’s plan , put forward for public comment , of the rules it wanted to have in place for banks to get “ safe harbor ” , meaning off balance sheet treatment , for their securitizations .
As anyone who had even slight contact with the business press no doubt knows , a whole raft of credit bubble era securitizations , particularly real estate and credit cards , have suffered losses far in excess of what banks and investors anticipated .
The result , with real estate securitizations , is that almost all of the market ex government guaranteed paper is in a deep freeze .
Worse , servicers , who were never set up to do loan mods ( and by happenstance also make more by not doing mods ) are operating to the disadvantage of investors and communities ( as we have mentioned on previous posts , vulture investor Wilbur Ross , the antithesis of a bleeding heart , has demonstrated that deep principal reductions work and for viable borrowers produce better results for the investors than foreclosures ) .
For credit card conduits , rather than let them flounder ( banks desperately need to keep that pipeline open ) banks have intervened to shore them up , raising serious questions about their off balance sheet treatment .
So right now , we have a securitization markets , ex the parts on government drip feed , or actively supported by the banks , that are in a wee bit of disarray .
And the FDIC plan reveals an ugly little conundrum : what it takes to private real estate securitization safe for investors ( in particular , twelve month seasoning of deals and a 5 % retention , but there were other well though - out provisions as well ) make it much less attractive to banks .
Now that might sound perfectly fine to most readers , but there was a reason loans started shifting off balance sheet in the 1980s : securitization was cheaper .
If a bank held a loan , it had to put some equity up against it , and pay FDIC insurance on the portion funded by deposits .
So banks had skinnier balance sheets all across the banking system and shifted loans to investors .
Now it may be that we have two unattractive choices : making the securitization market “ less unsafe ” ( which seems to be the direction of the OCC ideas , which are getting vastly more MSM attention than the FDIC draft ) or make it safe , which has the effect of making it much much smaller , and thus requiring banks to get bigger ( in terms of their balance sheets ) .
Bigger banks require a LOT more equity .
Where will that come from ?
So the inevitable result of more on balance sheet lending is less lending overall .
Now many readers will regard this as a good solution , but they forget that this process of shrinking lending will be painful and is something policy markers are struggling mightily to avoid .
This is the 21st century version of St. Augustine ’s prayer , “ Give me chastity and continence , but not jyet . ”
One example of the discomfort that is resulting from this conundrum comes in tonight ’s Financial Times .
Citigroup is choking on some auto loans it would like to unload , but the securitization route is n’t open right now , and other possible buyers are not willing to bet on the market coming back to life ( and note the implication : the pricing that Citi deems acceptable depends on the securitization market , neither Citi nor investors like the economics of owning and funding the loans ) :
The securitisation market ’s failure to recover from its slump during the crisis is complicating efforts by Citigroup and other troubled financial groups such as AIG to sell unwanted assets and repair their balance sheets , bankers and executives say .
People close to the situation said that Citi had opened talks with private equity groups and hedge funds over the sale of $ 3 bn - worth of car loans as part of its efforts to cleanse its balance sheet of billions of dollars in troubled assets … .
However , some private equity groups and hedge funds that have looked at the assets said that the lack of a thriving market for securitised bonds , which are backed by cash flow from loans , made the assets less attractive .
They added that the absence of a fully functioning securitisation market increased the uncertainty over how buyers could fund the loans once Citi ’s credit facility expired .
“ Private equity ca n’t make a bid on anything where the business model requires a bet that the external funding markets and securitisation comes back , ” said the head of capital markets at a big private equity firm .
A second issue that is not getting the press it deserves is that banks are almost certain to take losses ( and we do n’t mean writedowns , as in recognizing impairments they arguably should have ‘ fessed up to sooner , but hard dollar payments to third parties ) on litigation and claims made under old mortgage securitizations .
The widespread perception is that the banks are off scott free on the bad loans they have sold to securitized vehicles .
That is n’t exactly true .
The banks made legal representations and warranties regarding the loans they sold .
If the loans fell short of the contractually agreed upon standards , the seller has to make good in some form , say substitution of good collateral for the bad loan , or monetary damages .
But the recoveries , by parties like Freddie , Fannie , AIG , MBIA , and Ambac , are going to come straight out of the bottom lines of banks .
As Chris Whalen noted :
The wave of loan repurchase demands on securitization sponsors is the next area of fun in the zombie dance party , namely the part where different zombies start to eat one another .
The GSE ’s are going to tear 50 - 100 bp easy out of the flesh of the banking industry in the form of loan returns on trillions of dollars in exposure , this as charge - offs on the several trillion in residential exposure covered by the GSEs heads north of 5 % .
The damage here is in the hundreds of billions and lands in particular on the larger zombie banks , especially Bank of America ( BAC ) and Wells Fargo ( WFC ) .
To put the growing combat in the loan repurchase channel into perspective , keen analysts will already know that a new item has appeared in the disclosure for non-interest income by many larger banks that have been active in the securitization markets .
In the case of WFC in Q4 2009 , gross income of $ 1.2 billion in mortgage loan originations was net of $ 316 million in loss reserves for loan repurchases .
Imagine if we add a zero to the loss allocation , then another , and you get to the worst - case exposure on OBS loan repurchases .
MBIA ’s latest financial statements ( see the disclosure starting p. 53 ) illustrates how ugly this can get .
It appears that MBIA has requested and received almost 27,000 loan files , mainly from Countrywide relating to pools of second mortgages that MBIA had guaranteed .
This is a small sample of the total ( over 400,000 ) and represented 25 % of the loans classified seriously delinquent at the time ( I understand mid-2007 ) .
Of the 27,000 , 24,000 were fraudulent / non- conforming ( FICO scores below what was repp’ed and warrantied , homes not primary residences ) .
Those who have been watching the case believe the same percentage would apply to all of the remaining “ seriously delinquent ” loans , and perhaps even more of the rest of the loans , since those were the earliest vintages and those from later in the cycle were even more suspect .
But their access to more files was blocked so they filed the lawsuits , etc. MBIA has already recorded $ 1.2 billion as “ receivable ” from this action , and that is based ONLY on those 27,000 loans .
As one reader noted :
The magnitude of the absolute liability of the mortgage originators to the bond insurers and securitization trusts themselves – on second mortgages alone – is , categorically and empirically , well into the tens of billions of dollars .
The percentage of abjectly fraudulent second - mortgage loans made by Countrywide , ResCap , IndyMac , JPM , WFC is staggering .
When the house of cards begins to come down , it will spread far and wide – to not only the bond insurers and mortgage insurers , but to the trusts themselves .
The GSEs are just starting this process on their firsts , but it ’s the private sector entities who are moving aggressively in court , but have been ( temporarily ) stymied by the aforementioned defendants who have thrown up all sorts of legal bs just to prevent even showing the original loan files to the very institutions that insured them on the basis of the originators ’ reps and warranties !
Some of this is on MBIA ’s website , but I have n’t seen this really written about anywhere , despite ( because of ? ) the impact it would have on the banks ’ balance sheets .
This could become very interesting , and not in a good way , either .
To study : 0 tomorrow | 0 this week | 0 next week
Click flashcard terms on the left to see their definitions .
All terms in this list :
abjure :
To renounce upon oath ; to forswear ; to disavow .
abrogate : Repeal or do away with ( a law , right , or formal agreement )
abstemious :
Not self - indulgent , esp. when eating and drinking
acumen : quickness of perception or discernment ; penetration of mind ; the faculty of nice discrimination
antebellum :
Of the time period prior to a war .
auspicious :
Of good omen ; indicating future success .
belie :
To give a false representation of something .
bellicose : Warlike in nature ; aggressive ; hostile .
bowdlerize :
To remove those parts of a text considered offensive , vulgar , or otherwise unseemly .
chicanery : Deception by use of trickery , quibbling , or subterfuge .
chromosome : A structure in the cell nucleus that contains DNA , histone protein , and other structural proteins .
churlish :
Of or pertaining to a serf , peasant , or rustic .
circumlocution : A roundabout or indirect way of speaking ; the use of more words than necessary to express an idea .
circumnavigate :
To travel completely around somewhere or something , especially by sail .
deciduous : Describing a part that falls of , or is shed , at a particular time or stage of development .
deleterious : harmful or hurtful , to physical , mental or moral health .
diffident : Modest or shy because of a lack of self - confidence
enervate : Lacking in energy or vitality
enfranchise : Give the right to vote to
epiphany : A manifestation or appearance of a divine or superhuman being .
equinox :
The intersection of the ecliptic ( apparent path of the sun ) with the celestial equator .
euro :
The currency unit of the European Monetary Union .
Symbol : €
evanescent : vanishing , disappearing , fleeting
expurgate : Remove matter thought to be objectionable or unsuitable from ( a book or account )
facetious : Treating serious issues with deliberately inappropriate humor ; flippant .
fatuous : Obnoxiously stupid , vacantly silly , content in one 's foolishness .
feckless : Lacking purpose .
fiduciary :
One who holds a thing in trust for another ; a trustee .
filibuster :
Act in an obstructive manner in a legislature , esp. by speaking at inordinate length
gamete : A reproductive cell ( male ( sperm ) or female ( egg ) ) that has only half the usual number of chromosomes .
gauche : Awkward or lacking in social graces ; bumbling .
gerrymander :
To divide a geographic area into voting districts in such a way as to give an unfair advantage to one party in an election .
hegemony : Domination , influence , or authority over another , especially by one political group over a society or by one nation over others
hemoglobin :
The iron -containing substance in red blood cells that transports oxygen from the lungs to the rest of the body ;
homogeneous : similar , or the same as something else
hubris : Excessive pride , presumption or arrogance ( originally toward the gods ) .
hypotenuse :
The side of a right triangle opposite the right angle .
impeach : Call into question the integrity or validity of ( a practice )
incognito :
Without being known ; in disguise ; in an assumed character , or under an assumed title
incontrovertible : Not capable of being denied , challenged , or disputed ; closed to questioning .
inculcate : To teach by repeated instruction .
infrastructure :
An underlying base or foundation especially for an organization or system
interpolate :
To estimate the value of a function between two points between which it is tabulated .
irony : A statement that , when taken in context , may actually mean something different than , or the opposite of what is written literally ;
jejune : Lacking matter ; empty ; devoid of substance .
kinetic :
Of or relating to motion
kowtow :
To kneel and bow low enough to touch one ’s forehead to the ground .
laissez faire : A policy of governmental non-interference in economic affairs .
lexicon :
The vocabulary of a person , language , or branch of knowledge
loquacious : Talkative or chatty , especially of persons given to excess conversation .
lugubrious : gloomy , mournful or dismal , especially to an exaggerated degree .
metamorphosis : A transformation , such as that of magic or by sorcery
mitosis :
The division of a cell nucleus in which the genome is copied and separated into two identical halves .
It is normally followed by cell division .
moiety : Half ;
Each of two parts into which a thing is or can be divided
nanotechnology : the science and technology of creating nanoparticles and of manufacturing machines which have sizes within the range of .1 to 100 nanometres
nihilism : Extreme skepticism , maintaining that nothing has a real existence .
nomenclature : A name .
nonsectarian :
Not involving or relating to a specific religious sect or political group
notarize : Have ( a document ) legalized by a notary
obsequious : Obedient or attentive to an excessive or servile degree
oligarchy : A government run by only a few , often the wealthy .
omnipotent : Having unlimited power , force or authority .
orthography :
The study of correct spelling according to established usage .
oxidize : Combine or become combined chemically with oxygen
parabola : A symmetrical open plane curve formed by the intersection of a cone with a plane parallel to its side
paradigm :
An example serving as a model or pattern .
parameter : A variable kept constant during an experiment , calculation or similar .
pecuniary : Of , or relating to , money ; monetary .
photosynthesis :
The process by which plants and other photoautotrophs generate carbohydrates and oxygen from carbon dioxide , water , and light energy in chloroplasts .
plagiarize :
To use , and pass off as one 's own , someone else 's writing / speech .
plasma :
A state of matter consisting of partially ionized gas
polymer : A long or larger molecule consisting of a chain or network of many repeating units , formed by chemically bonding together many identical or similar small molecules called monomers .
precipitous : Steep , like a precipice ; as , a precipitous cliff or mountain .
quasar :
An extragalactic object , starlike in appearance , that is among the most luminous and thought to be the most distant objects in the universe .
quotidian : daily ; occurring or recurring every day .
recapitulate : to summarize or repeat in concise form
reciprocal :
Of an action , feeling , etc , done , felt , etc , by each of two people to , on or towards the other .
reparation : A payment of time , effort or money to undo past transgression (s ) .
respiration :
The process of inhaling and exhaling ; breathing , breath .
sanguine : Having the colour of blood ; red .
soliloquy :
The act of a character speaking to himself so as to reveal his thoughts to the audience .
subjugate : To forcibly impose obedience or servitude .
suffragist : A person who promotes suffrage .
supercilious : showing contemptuous indifference ; haughty .
tautology :
The saying of the same thing twice in different words , generally considered to be a fault of style ( e.g. , they arrived one after the other in succession )
taxonomy :
The science of finding , describing , classifying and naming organisms .
tectonic :
Of or relating to the structure of the earth 's crust and the large - scale processes that take place within it
tempestuous : stormy , tumultuous .
thermodynamics :
The science of the conversions between heat and other forms of energy .
totalitarian :
Of or relating to a system of government that is centralized and dictatorial and requires complete subservience to the state
unctuous : Oily or greasy .
usurp :
To seize power from another , usually by illegitimate means .
vacuous :
Showing a lack of thought or intelligence ; vacant
vehement : Showing strong feelings ; passionate ; forceful or intense .
vortex : A whirlwind , whirlpool , or similarly moving matter in the form of a spiral or column .
winnow : Reduce the number in a set of ( people or things ) gradually until only the best ones are left
wrought : Having been worked or prepared somehow .
xenophobe :
One who fears people who are different from oneself , especially in the case of foreign people
yeoman :
An official providing honorable service in a royal or high noble household , ranking between a squire and a page .
ziggurat : A temple tower of the ancient Mesopotamian valley , having the form of a terraced pyramid of successively receding stories .
PETER BURN , THE MANUFACTURER
Porsche ’s plans for hybrid road vehicles are nothing new — the company plans to introduce a hybrid Cayenne SUV in the truck ’s next generation , as well as a hybrid version of its Panamera sedan — but at the Geneva auto show , the German sports - car king will introduce a hybrid race car based on its 911 GT3 R .
It ’s no mere concept , either .
Following its debut , the car will head to the Nürburgring , where it will compete in the 24 - hour race on May 15 and 16 .
This hybrid is unlike anything you ’ve previously heard called a hybrid .
Rather than the bulky battery pack associated with roadgoing hybrids , Porsche ’s racing hybrid system utilizes an electrical flywheel generator to capture and store kinetic energy .
Sitting where the passenger would be in a road car , the flywheel generator is charged by a pair of 60 - kW motors in the front wheels and stores its energy mechanically as it spins up to 40,000 rpm .
When fully charged , the generator can send bursts of 161 hp back to the front - wheel motors for periods of up to six to eight seconds .
The rear wheels have full - time , exclusive access to the naturally aspirated flat - six 's 480 hp .
This system is essentially the KERS ( Kinetic Energy Recovery System ) technology that generated so much controversy in Formula 1 racing last year — it is similar , but not , as is being widely reported , the same as that developed by the Williams F1 team .
Porsche ’s system was developed in conjunction with Williams , but considering that the shroud of secrecy in F1 would seem impenetrable to even Dan Brown , the exact differences are hard to come by .
We ’ll see if we ca n’t shake loose a little more information as the car ’s debut in Geneva nears .
PETER BURN , THE MANUFACTURER
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
U.S. Banks have a solid incentive , dipped in gold , to keep people in a perpetual state of paying rent on debt while not saving a shiny penny .
In fact , their ideal state of financial equilibrium for Americans would be one in which people spent every single penny from their earnings reaching the end of the month like a pauper showing snake eyes in their savings account .
This unfortunate banking structure has also been fostered by decades of government banking welfare for an entrenched corporatacracy .
Now it is no responsibility of the government or banks on how people choose to manage ( or mismanage ) their money but when taxpayer money is used to subsidize the banking structure it is important to setup a system that is both fair and beneficial to the overall economy .
That should be a minimum requirement .
Today ’s current system is designed to penalize savings and creates perverse incentives .
Let us first look at how absurd current savings rates are :
This rate is so low , that if you had $ 10,000 in a Chase standard savings account , after one year you would earn a whopping $ 10 or enough to buy two Big Macs or one movie ticket .
What incentive is there to put your money in a bank account ?
They used to say people enjoyed watching their money grow but at this rate you ’ll have better luck watching your lawn grow .
Much of this low rate environment has been created by the Federal Reserve pushing the Fed funds rate to zero :
What incentive is there for saving any money for the typical family in the U.S. ?
And interest rates do make a big difference .
Take for example the rule of 72 .
This is a quick rule where you divide a stated interest rate to see how long it will take to double your initial money .
This actually highlights how important it is to get a solid rate :
72/15 = 4.8 years at 15 % to double 72/10 = 7.2 years at 10 % to double 72/5 = 14.4 years at 5 % to double 72/.1 = 720 years to double
Right now , most of the too big to fail banks are offering that .1 % annual interest rate .
At the same time , they are charging astronomical rates on credit cards and other loans making up a margin that would embarrass even your local loan shark :
The current national average interest rate for credit cards is 14.56 percent yet they are offering clients who want to save 0.1 % or even lower on their savings account .
In business lingo this is what you call the margin and it is gigantic .
This is why the banking system is fundamentally flawed .
They borrow taxpayer money for cheap , take client money for cheap , and lend it out at usury rates .
Not only does it encourage massive consumption but it creates a large part of our economy that is simply dedicated to paying rent above and beyond the face value of the product .
And many people only pay that minimum interest rate .
As we have seen above , only paying the minimum with a 15 % interest rate will double the cost of the item in 4.8 years .
That flat screen TV no longer costs just $ 1,000 but $ 2,000 over many years and high amounts of interest .
And the problem with savings at least in our current banking model is that these same banks are also the biggest credit card pushers :
U.S. general purpose credit card market share in 2008 based on outstandings
( Note : 2007 ranking in parentheses )
1. JPMorgan Chase – 21.22 % ( 17.74 % )
2. Bank of America – 19.25 % ( 19.36 % )
3. Citi – 12.35 % ( 13.03 % )
4. American Express – 10.19 % ( 11.40 % )
5. Capital One – 6.95 % ( 6.95 % )
6. Discover – 5.75 % ( 5.65 % )
7. Wells Fargo – 4.21 % ( 3.07 % )
8. HSBC – 3.47 % ( 3.65 % )
9. U.S. Bank – 2.14 % ( 1.84 % )
10 . USAA Savings – 2.02 % ( 2.01 % ) Source : Creditcards.com
There is no incentive to offer a competitive savings account from the banks perspective because they can milk their clients on interest and other fees .
What other choice do people have ?
At the same time , any bad loans that go sour will be bailed out by the taxpayers .
This is the most incestuous and corrupt banking system in the history of the U.S.
What real use is being provided ?
We need banks but not operating under this structure .
Banks right now are operating like feudal lords smacking their peasants around for their interest payments .
Ironically a part of GDP comes from this servicing of debt :
So let us set aside saving anything for the moment , many Americans are only having enough to service the current debt they have .
And if they try to save , they get rates that are equivalent to stuffing money into the mattress .
The only option that even comes close to competing with credit card rates is the stock market but that is one giant casino .
Or take a look at I - Bonds from the U.S. Treasury .
These seemed to be a safe place but not so :
Since I - Bonds started , they were meant to pay savers a guaranteed amount bi-annually based on current inflation rates .
The bond would never go below zero percent even in a moment of deflation .
Now , no one ever expected this to hit when it started in 1998 but we hit that in May of 2009 when we did experience deflation .
So for six months , I - Bond holders were receiving 0.00 % .
These are the ways the system punish savers even who are looking for “ safe ” 5 percent returns .
There is a reason why banks are making billions of dollars even in this economy with record unemployment .
They are the new landlords of the nation .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
﻿﻿Thanks to work by Bryan O’Sullivan , there has been a rennaissance in performance benchmarking tools for Haskell , built upon Criterion .
Compared to most other benchmarking frameworks ( for any programming language , not just Haskell ) , criterion focuses on being easy to use , informative , and robust .
The Galois Tech Talk of Feb 23rd presented this work .
You can read the slides online , or find the source and examples here .
Criterion uses statistically robust mechanisms for sampling and computing sound microbenchmark results , and is more stable in the presence of noise on the system than naive timings .
Criterion has in turn spawned some extensions :
Progression : compare different criterion graphs
NoSlow : a new array benchmark suite based on Criterion
In this talk I will present these tools , how to use them , and how to make your performance benchmarks in Haskell , or languages Haskell can talk to , more reliable .
In addition , we ’ll explore benchmarks using the new vector package , and GHC ’s llvm backend .
Cases of mistaken identity can be a royal pain .
In this poor guy ’s case , that royal pain was both figurative , and literal .
Yao Wei Wu , pictured , was at his home this past Wednesday night when , at 2 a.m. , there came a knocking at his door .
When
Wu opened the door , he was yanked out of his house and beaten about the back , head and face .
Wisely
Wu did not resist or fight back , as he noticed the men had guns .
The thugs handcuffed the stunned and bloodied Wu , who identified themselves as plainclothes police officers .
When
Wu identified himself as , well , himself , the officers realized they had made a huge mistake .
See , the cops were there to investigate a report of a violent domestic dispute .
However , the overzealous officers failed to realize there was a second separate entrance to the residence .
They also failed to realize that it ’s their job to get the facts first , then lay a beating on the suspect .
Have n’t they ever seen an episode of T.J. Hooker ?
Wu was taken to the hospital where he was diagnosed with fractured bones around his eye and bruises on his back .
For his troubles ,
Wu received an apology from the Vancouver Police Department for the case of mistaken identity .
Yeah , that should make up for the savage beating and broken bones .
[ ad#reddit - big ]
[ CBC News ]
London , England ( CNN ) --
British citizens who travel to Israel should be aware that their passport details could be captured for " improper uses , " Britain 's Foreign Office warned Tuesday .
It follows Britain 's expulsion of an Israeli diplomat and its accusation that the Israeli government was responsible for forging British passports used in an international murder plot .
Foreign Secretary David Miliband said Tuesday that there are " compelling reasons " to believe Israel was behind it .
Twelve suspects in the January murder of Hamas leader Mahmoud al - Mabhouh , who was found dead in his Dubai hotel room , used British passports , the Dubai police have said .
Miliband said the passports had been copied from " genuine British passports " in a " highly sophisticated operation , " indicating that a state intelligence service was responsible .
The Foreign Office changed its official travel advice Tuesday for British citizens going to Israel , to warn them about the risk of their passport details being compromised .
A British investigation " found circumstantial evidence of Israeli involvement in the fraudulent use of British passports , " the advice says .
" This has raised the possibility that your passport details could be captured for improper uses while your passport is out of your control .
The risk applies in particular to passports without biometric security features .
" We recommend that you only hand your passport over to third parties , including Israeli officials , when absolutely necessary . "
Britain's Serious Organised Crime Agency concluded that the 12 British people whose passports were cloned were " wholly innocent victims of identity theft , " the foreign secretary said .
Israel has a stated policy on security matters of neither confirming nor denying involvement .
Australian Foreign Minister Stephen Smith said the British government would be giving its report on the passports to the Australian Federal Police , who are investigating how some of their country 's passports came to be used by the Dubai suspects .
In an interview Tuesday with the Australian Broadcasting Company , Smith said Australia was not taking any action yet .
" We have an investigation underfoot , and we will await the results of that investigation by the Australian Federal Police , " Smith said .
He added : " We 're treating this matter very seriously .
Israel understands that , and when I receive the report ( from the federal police ) , we 'll make judgments which will be in Australia 's national interest . "
Dubai police had previously said three Australian passports were used in the murder plot , but Smith said there were four .
He said there is nothing to indicate that the holders of the passports were anything but " innocent victims " in the crime .
Al - Mabhouh , a founding member of Hamas ' military wing , was found dead January 20 in his Dubai hotel room .
Police believe he was killed the night before , allegedly by the secretive Israeli foreign intelligence unit Mossad .
A source close to the investigation said Wednesday that the total number of suspects had increased to 28 , from 27 , after Australia confirmed the use of a fourth passport .
Six suspects used Irish passports , four used French documents , one had German papers and four had Australian papers .
There is also one Palestinian suspect , police have said .
Interpol expands search for suspects
Lt. Gen. Dahi Khalfan Tamim , Dubai police chief , has said not all the suspects had fraudulent passports .
" We know some of the names are real , " he said .
Interpol , the international police agency , has issued " red notices " to help search for the suspects .
The notices are not international arrest warrants , but are a way of alerting police forces around the world that the suspects are wanted by United Arab Emirates authorities .
Paying for insurance is something I believe everyone should do .
Why ?
Because it transfers the monetary risk of a catastrophic event from you the insured , to the insurance company .
The insurance company banks on the fact that most people are n’t going to have a major event in any given period , and because of the fact that most people do n’t , insurance companies end up bringing in a lot of money .
( Yes , there ’s a reason why many of the huge buildings in metropolitan centers are owned by insurance companies )
On the other hand , if you do have an accident , a negative health event , or if you pass away , you and your family will be extremely glad you ’ve been paying those premiums .
The insurance is your safety net while walking the high wire of life .
At our house we have been blessed to have good health insurance ever since we got married .
In the past 3 years my wife has had various health issues which have lead to over $ 250,000 dollars in medical care .
I on the other hand had to have my appendix taken out .
In the end because of our surgeries and health events we ’ve spent close to $ 300,000 dollars over the past few years .
For us having that health insurance means that we did n’t end up in bankruptcy .
For you it could mean the same thing , or it could mean having your family be provided for in the case that you pass on unexpectedly .
What Types Of Insurance Should I Have ?
What types of insurance you carry depends upon your personal financial situation , and whether you ’re secure enough to self - insure .
If you ’re not to that point yet , here are some of the most important types of insurance to have :
health insurance
life insurance
disability insurance
long term care insurance
homeowner ’s insurance
auto insurance
I did a video this past week talking about my “ personal finance tip ” for Get Rich Slowly ’s video contest .
My personal finance tip was a reminder to everyone – “ Do n’t Forget The Insurance ! “ .
Health Insurance
I think that health insurance is one of the most important types of insurance to carry .
The stats of people who go into bankruptcy or huge debt because of medical debt is staggering .
My wife and I have seen first hand just how much money you can spend when you have a health crisis .
In our case we ’ve spent well over $ 300,000 at hospitals since we ’ve been married , and since we ’re having our first child this year , it ’s going to be another expensive year !
Health insurance can be extremely expensive , but when you consider the alternative , it is definitely worth it .
So where can you find health insurance coverage ?
Usually the first place you should check is with your employer .
They are usually going to have some sort of a group plan that you can opt in for , and it will give you much lower rates than if you were to buy on your own .
If you do n’t have that option available , you may want to consider getting a HSA or Health Savings Account .
A HSA basically gives you a tax - exempt savings account to pay for your own health care expenses .
It is usually paired with a high deductible insurance plan that covers major health care expenses ( including types of preventive care , maternity care , and pediatric primary care ) .
One of our favorite health savings accounts is from Lively .
They have no fees , have an easy to use website and include a debit card for expenses .
Check out Lively HSA !
Whatever you decide to do , it ’s a good idea to have some sort of coverage .
Term Life Insurance
This is one that I ’ve thought was a good idea , but did n’t pursue until I found out we were expecting our first child .
Now that I know we have another family member to provide for , it ’s way past time that I got life insurance to help them out in case of my untimely demise .
Good term life coverage is n’t that expensive nowadays , and I was able to get ten times my income in coverage for only around $ 50 / month , provided my health exam goes well .
( I have it next week ! )
Disability Insurance
Another important type of coverage to have , for many of the same reasons as having life insurance .
If you ’re incapacitated and are n’t able to work , who is going to provide for your family ?
Having own occupation long term disability insurance will allow you to be sure that your family is protected in case you get hurt and are disabled to some degree .
Check with your employer to see if they offer any type of coverage , and if not , shop around to find the best rates .
A good place to start your search for long term disability insurance is Breeze .
They ’ll walk you quickly through the quote process , and you can have a decision on insurance in as little as 15 minutes !
Breeze Long Term Disability Insurance
Long term disability insurance should n’t be that expensive , but if you need it , you ’ll be glad you had it .
Long Term Care Insurance
If you ’re 60 or over and in relatively good health , you may want to get a long term care insurance policy .
The costs of living in an assisted living facility can be astronomical , and if you do n’t have insurance it can run through your savings in short order .
Having an insurance policy will mean you ’re covered and your family protected in case you need to move into a facility .
Homeowner ’s Insurance
If you own a home these days and have a mortgage , you ’ll likely be required to have a homeowner ’s insurance policy .
While you ’re required to have a policy , that does n’t mean you have to accept just any policy .
It pays to shop around and try to find the best policy for you on a regular basis .
I suggest shopping around every year or two to see if you can find better coverage .
We just completed purchasing a new policy for our house this week and we ended up saving around $ 650/yr !
Check out Policy Genius for quotes on your homeowner ’s insurance .
They make the process of getting multiple quotes simple , and they can even continue checking for the best rates on a regular basis !
Auto Insurance
If you own a car , you ’re going to be required to have auto insurance coverage .
Just how much coverage you have will likely depend on your situation , the age of your car , and so on .
Take the time every year to shop around to find the best coverage through an aggregator , and direct through insurance company sites .
One place to try shopping for auto insurance is through Gabi .
They ’ll compare quotes from over 20 different companies and have insurance brokers licensed in all 50 states .
People save $ 720 on average when shopping for home and auto insurance through Gabi Insurance Quotes !
Are there other types of insurance that you think people should have ?
Do you have all these types of coverage ?
A former Milwaukee sheriff 's deputy will spend 18 months behind bars for beating a man in the back of a squad car .
The attack happened more than 4 months ago , after former deputy Scott Krause gave the handcuffed Ray Calderone a warning for kicking the window of the squad car .
Calderone was asking to use the bathroom , and continued kicking the window .
The tape then shows Krause yelling at Calderone and slapping and punching him in the head repeatedly .
More than four months later , Calderone asked a judge to make an example out of his attacker .
" I have n't been the same psychologically or physically , " Calderone said in court on Friday .
Prosecutors admit Calderone was unruly that night , but said that was no excuse for losing control .
Krause 's attorney says his client suffers from PTSD after four years in the army , and has zero history of violence .
The former deputy tearfully apologized to his victim , his family , to the community and co-workers .
" I 'm also sorry to other law enforcement officers that may have gotten a bad name from what I did , " Krause said .
The judge recognized Krause 's contrition and clean record , but sentenced him to a year and a half in prison , saying the shock from this abuse of power is too great to ignore .
Calderone did not want to talk after court , but said through his attorney the sentence was fair .
One oddity of the report : Mr. Obama weighed 179.9 pounds with his shoes and workout attire on , which is not the usual way to measure a patient ’s weight .
 The Times , March 1
KATIE COURIC ( in studio ) : “ What ’s the president hiding ? ”
This question from senior members of the Republican Party , who are outraged tonight at what they ’re calling the president ’s “ purported ” weight .
In a hastily called news conference , the Senate minority leader , Mitch McConnell , said he would call on Congress to convene a bipartisan panel made up entirely of Republicans to investigate the president ’s weight :
MITCH McCONNELL ( at news conference ) : This president claims to weigh 179.9 pounds .
How do we know that ’s true ?
He wore shoes and workout pants and a jacket and a T - shirt and some kind of presidential undergarment .
What is that garment ?
How much does it weigh ?
How do we know that he was n’t wearing long underwear to add bulk to his delicate frame ?
Why is this administration so secretive when it comes to its own weight ?
 “ CBS Evening News ”

Senate Democrats responded angrily this evening to allegations by senior members of the Republican Party that President Obama may , in fact , be wildly underweight .
“ It is despicable that members of this esteemed body would question the integrity and the weight of a sitting president during wartime , ” said Harry Reid , the Senate majority leader .
“ I weigh 160 pounds .
John McCain weighs 165 .
I know the height and weight of every member of my party because we ’ve stood in a room , removed our clothing , and stood on that scale like old naked American men .
While I have never seen the president naked , I have no doubt his weight is 179.9 and , if he were a woman , would probably wear a size six , though possibly a four in Armani . ”
Hărți
Bing nu este disponibilă pentru pe browserul dvs..
Puteți utiliza Internet Explorer 10 sau 11 , Microsoft Edge , Mozilla Firefox , Google Chrome sau Opera , dacă folosiți un PC sau o tabletă , Silk , dacă folosiți o tablet ă
Fire , sau Safari , dacă folosiți un Mac sau un iPad .
These tea -party folks seem to most liberals - well , to most of us who live in the " reality community , " or , as I like to call it , " reality " - like crazy types .
As a recent NY Times article reports , this hodgepodge of people and groups spout frankly paranoid beliefs as received , e. . the Federal Reserve is our enemy and should be abolished , citizens should stock up on ammo , gold , and survival food in anticipation of an impending Civil War , states should " nullify " federal laws and even secede , medical records are being shipped to federal bureaucrats , the Army is seeking " Internment / Resettlement " specialists , Obama is trying to create crises in order to destroy the economy , convert Interpol into his personal police force , and create a New World Order .
Conspiracy theories involving shadowy elites like the Trilateral Commission and the Council on Foreign Relations have resurfaced .
Self - defense and armed resistance are frequently called for .
Racist stereotypes , innuendo , and hostility run rampant .
The Constitution is its sacred text and Glenn Beck its most beloved prophet .
They do n't usually wear aluminum hats but perhaps they should .
I hate these folks but I also understand them .
And , well , uh , I also empathize with them .
They share the same psychology as the paranoid patients I treat every day .
The only difference is that the paranoid beliefs of the tea-party movement are political while those in my consulting room are of a more personal nature .
The causes and dynamics , however , are the same .
And so just as I have for my patients , I have come to have empathy for the tea - party 'ers , even as I despise their influence and work hard to defeat their ideology .
It 's crucial that progressives do likewise because if we do n't understand the ways that decent , god- fearing , and victimized people can come to espouse such a dangerous ideology , we wo n't be able to fight them effectively .
I treat people who are paranoid all the time .
Sometimes they 're only mildly paranoid .
For example , someone I treat can't tolerate blame of any kind , can't take any responsibility for failures , and can't really be about the potential goodness in others .
It 's always someone else 's fault .
Other times , they 're more severely paranoid .
A patient I saw spun tale after tale of slights , interpreted innocuous events as malignant , saw conspiracies everywhere , and always imputed malevolence to others ' motives .
The most extreme cases can be found in the delusions of .
There is n't one cause of .
Tomes have been written about it .
Individual variations and exceptions abound .
A few generalizations , however , can be made .
Paranoid people are trying their best to make sense of and mitigate feelings of helplessness and worthlessness .
Their beliefs are attempts to solve a profound problem , albeit in ways that distort reality .
People can't tolerate feeling helpless and self - hating for very long .
It 's too painful .
It 's too demoralizing , too frightening .
They have to find an antidote .
They have to make sense of it all in a way that restores their sense of meaning , their feeling of agency , their , and their belief in the possibility of redemption .
They have to .
They have no choice .
That 's just the way the mind works .
The paranoid strategy is to generate a narrative that finally " explains it all . "
A narrative - a set of beliefs about the way the world is and is supposed to be -- helps make sense of chaos .
It reduces and self - blame by projecting it onto someone else .
And it restores a sense of agency by offering up an enemy to fight .
Finally , it offers hope that if " they " - the enemy , the conspirators -- can be avoided or destroyed , the paranoid person 's core feelings of helplessness and devaluation will go away .
Take an extreme case .
Someone I saw years ago had a paranoid delusion that orbiting satellites were trying to control his mind .
He went to great lengths to insulate his apartment so as to repel these psychic assaults .
When I got to know him better , I discovered that he developed this delusion as a way to make sense of an on - going but terrifying experience -- the genesis of which lay in his -- that he was n't a separate person and did n't have the right to his own thoughts .
This terrifying feeling of helpless vulnerability was rendered comprehensible to him by his delusion about orbiting satellites .
In a paradoxical way , his delusion reduced his terror even as it generated its own fears and dangers .
Another patient I saw had a daughter who was mentally retarded .
When the daughter 's disability was discovered , he felt so helpless and guilty ( normal feelings that were exaggerated by experiences from his own childhood ) that he slowly developed the belief that the daughter had been the unwitting victim of by relatives , that this abuse had led to various cognitive arrests , and that treatment for the abuse could and would restore her to normalcy .
In this way , he negated his guilt , and momentarily overcame his helplessness through a heroic search for a therapeutic " cure . "
While extreme cases , these vignettes illustrate the core truth about paranoia , namely , that it is an attempt to lessen unbearable feelings of self - blame and powerlessness .
In this special sense , psychotherapists understand paranoid beliefs as attempts at adaptation and self - healing , even as these beliefs compromise the ability to test reality and invariably create suffering of their own .
Paranoid beliefs about Obama and the government promulgated by the ultra - right have a similar genesis and meaning .
In the Times story about the tea -party movement , the writer describes how most tea-party activists are not loyal Republicans .
" They are frequently political neophytes , " he writes , " who prize independence and tell strikingly similar stories of having been awakened by the recession .
Their families upended by lost jobs , foreclosed homes and depleted funds , they said they wanted to know why it happened and whom to blame . "
They began listening to Beck , reading the Federalist Papers , books by Ayn Rand and George Orwell , and started visiting radical right wing websites .
The Times writer then makes a crucial observation : " Many describe emerging from their research as if reborn to a new reality . "
In other words , like my patients , the tea party folks find in their paranoid views about a narrative that " explains it all , " that reduces their sense of helpless confusion , and that channels their feelings of victimization into ones of self - righteous militancy .
They go from passive victim to active agent , from guilty to innocent , but all at the price of distorting reality into one full of malevolent conspiracies .
The payoff is that they are no longer confused .
They are reborn and now , thankfully , have the " answer . "
And that answer is that big forces are hurting and enslaving them .
And while these forces include the banks and large corporations , the main culprit is , of course , the government .
People do n't have a direct and immediate experience of Goldman Sachs .
The do , however , experience government every day , not only on television news shows , but via laws , taxes , public services ( or the lack thereof ) , law enforcement , etc .
Lots of people feel guilty and helpless , of course , and most do n't become paranoid .
Some become simply or resigned , others turn to strategies of distraction or addictive self - .
Others might face their feelings more directly , tolerate them , and find alternative solutions , e.g. turn to friends , therapists , or various communities of support .
Still others may find relief for painful feelings by projecting all meaning and agency onto God .
And some simply fight back against " reality , " despite long odds .
The psychological reasons that one person turns to paranoia and another seeks a healthier solution are not generally known .
It is also obvious that left wing conspiracy theorists share much of the same pathology as those on the right wing of the spectrum .
For new tea -party members , however , the drift toward paranoia is facilitated by the right - wing media machine that offers several ready - made narratives perfectly designed to help its consumers clear up their confusion , understand their helplessness , absolve them of any blame , and offer a way out .
The conspiratorial alliance of business and government , a growing tyranny intended to disenfranchise , disarm , and exploit ordinary citizens , secret pacts to overthrow the constitution , etc. all currently led by an un-American , godless , colored , elitist , contemptuous , foreigner -- Barack Hussein Obama .
A grim and frightening picture of the world to be sure .
Psychologically speaking , however , it offers relief from helplessness and a sense that things are falling apart .
It offers a sense of cohesion and based on certainty , a commonality of interests , innocence , and even martyrdom .
While the world of the tea - party 'ers is filled with danger , it is a danger mitigated by moral certainty , clarity of purpose , and a definable external enemy .
The " problem , " then , is not the paranoid story line but the , helplessness , and pain that generate it .
And that pain is not irrational or crazy .
It 's real .
We all feel it .
Most of us do feel helpless in relation to the most important aspects of our lives , from the nature of our work to its security , from our politicians who are on the corporate dole to those perpetuating gridlock through their narrow ideology , from the quality of our health care to its availability , and from the isolation and of everyday .
The pain of self - blaming is also ubiquitous in the cultural assumption that our lot in life is determined primarily by individual ability , not by getting help from others .
Confusion , anxiety , disconnectedness , and a sense that " things are falling apart " are not crazy feelings .
They are accurate and valid responses to a highly alienated and often abusive social world .
The " problem " is that tea-party activists move from legitimate feelings and normal longings to paranoid political positions that are dangerous and cruel .
But because these positions serve an important psychological function , because they resolve an emotional dilemma , they can't be changed by rational argument .
I have never been able to help a paranoid patient even a little bit by arguing with his or her view of reality .
Not one bit .
The only way I have been able to make any headway is use our relationship to provide real experiences that have a shot at providing an alternative and more satisfying " solution " to their underlying fears .
Only then can I begin to offer a counter - narrative , one that acknowledges their pain and innocence , but enables them to more accurately identify its sources and , therefore , its antidote .
Perhaps the progressive movement should n't waste its time dealing with the tea - party movement except as a spur to get our own house - and movement - in order .
A legitimate argument can be made that these people are , simply , the enemy and that our challenge is to build progressive majorities immune to their sabotage and interference .
But I would argue that to the extent we want to reach people who are drawn to tea-party , patriot , libertarian , and other right wing movements but are not yet hard - line ideologues , or prevent others from becoming so , we have to begin with empathy .
We have to get inside their heads , figure out how their choices are reasonable from their point of view .
It would help if we found ways to get into relationship with them , to demonstrate a genuine curiosity not about their paranoid theories but about the underlying pain and fear that is the source of them .
In this way , perhaps we can figure out how to speak to that pain and fear in ways that are both authentic and comforting .
Perhaps we can figure out what experiences they might need to have in order to feel safe enough to at least listen to another narrative - ours .
Tory leader appears less than confident when asked about attitude of Conservative MEPs and peers to homosexuality
This article is more than 10 years old
This article is more than 10 years old
David Cameron 's efforts to present the Conservatives as a modernised party suffered a blow yesterday when he stumbled in an interview over gay rights .
The Tory leader has attempted to reach out to the gay community as part of his attempts to persuade voters that the Tory party has changed its views on equality issues .
But he repeatedly faltered in a video interview with Gay Times magazine , at one point asking for the camera to be switched off while he gathered his thoughts .
Ben Bradshaw , the culture secretary , who is gay , accused Cameron of making a " major gaffe " .
In the interview Cameron was pressed on why , in light of his recent pronouncements on gay rights , his MEPs refused to support a motion condemning a homophobic law in Lithuania .
He agreed that gay equality was a fundamental human right , before going on to say that the Tories usually had free votes on equality issues .
Cameron said he was unaware of this particular European vote , before insisting that he rarely issues instruction to MEPs " to vote in this way or that way because they have their own leader and their own group " .
The Tory leader has previously been criticised for pulling Conservative MEPs out of the main centre - right grouping in the European parliament and forming a new group alongside colleagues from the Polish Law and Justice party , which has faced repeated accusations of homophobia .
In the interview , conducted by the broadcaster Martin Popplewell and shown on Channel 4 News last night , Cameron said : " I 've tried to have free votes where possible on these sorts of issues but , er ... I 'm responsible for votes here .
Sorry , it 's not a very good answer . "
Pressed on whether free votes were appropriate for a fundamental human right , a clearly flustered Cameron said : " You 're right , you 're right .
Sorry , sorry .
You 're right ...
The two are very different .
Sorry . "
Cameron attempted to clarify the issue during a routine press conference yesterday .
He said : " The point is , in the European parliament , our MEPs have a general approach of not voting on the internal matters of another country , even if we disagree with the particular law that there is .
" And I think it 's a balance to get that right , but I can see why , if you believe in a looser federation , if you believe that the European Union should be about cooperation rather than about one nation called Europe , then actually , it does make sense in many circumstances to say : ' Look , these are internal matters for other countries , rather than things we should vote on ourselves . ' "
Bradshaw told Channel 4 News it was " extraordinary " that the Conservative leader had said equality matters should be left to a free vote .
" [ Cameron has ] talked a good talk on some of these issues but his voting record has n't been very good .
He 's learned a script , but when he 's actually scrutinised and forgets the script , he does n't have the fundamental core belief to support him in his argument . "
As the filmed interview draws to a close , Cameron also struggles to answer a question on whether Conservative peers would have a free vote on civil partnerships , or whether how the Tories voted would be decided by party whips .
Asked about an amendment to allow civil partnerships to take place in places of worship , Cameron said : " I think it 's an important debate , this , and I do n't rule out changes .
I think it 's right there should be a free vote .
It was a backbench amendment . "
This prompted the interviewer to tell Cameron : " If we vote for you , we want you to vote for us . "
The Tory leader said : " I do , I do .
Do you know – can we stop for a second ? "
The party leader has assiduously been courting the gay vote over the past 12 months and the party is fielding a number of openly gay candidates at the next general election .
Last summer , Cameron offered a public apology for section 28 , the controversial Tory legislation introduced in the 1980s that banned the " promotion " of homosexuality in schools .
Cameron voted against the repeal of section 28 as recently as 2003 .
Cameron also predicted at a gay pride event last summer that a Conservative would become Britain 's first openly gay prime minister .
The issue of gay rights surfaced as the government confirmed that inciting hatred against gay people because of their sexuality is now a criminal offence that can lead to a jail term of up to seven years .
Maria Eagle , the junior justice minister , denied that the measure , aimed at those stirring up " homophobic hatred " , would affect comedians making politically incorrect jokes .
She said : " Intentionally stirring up hatred because of sexual orientation will not be tolerated .
This is not about stifling artistic creativity or criminalising comedians for making jokes that are not seen to be politically correct . "
The move was welcomed by a campaign group for gay rights .
Ben Summerskill , the chief executive of Stonewall , said it would encourage more lesbians and gays to report hate crimes .
" Lesbian , gay and bisexual people are entitled to live without fear like everyone else , " he said .
Mr Obama outlined his vision of a world free of nuclear weapons last April US President Barack Obama is planning " dramatic reductions " in the country 's nuclear arsenal , a senior US administration official has said .
This would come as part of a sweeping policy review designed to prevent the spread of atomic weapons , he said .
He added that the new strategy will point to a greater role for conventional weapons .
Mr Obama was holding a meeting with his Defence Secretary Robert Gates to discuss the new nuclear strategy .
The review " will point to dramatic reductions in the stockpile , while maintaining a strong and reliable deterrent through the investments that have been made in the budget , " the official said .
MARDELL'S AMERICA
All this is in line with President Obama 's vision of a nuclear free world , set out in Prague a little less than a year ago
Mark Mardell
Mark Mardell 's America
He said the review would go further than previous reviews in " embracing the aims of non-proliferation . "
Officials say thousands of nuclear weapons could be cut , in many cases by retiring weapons that are now kept in storage .
The new strategy will also seek to abandon plans put in place by the previous administration to develop a new generation of nuclear weapons for penetrating underground targets known as " bunker busters . "
The officials say the strategy will be an important step towards Mr Obama 's declared aim of reversing the spread of nuclear weapons and seeking a world without them .
New partnerships Last April , Mr Obama outlined his vision of a world free of nuclear weapons in a major speech in the Czech capital Prague .
He spoke of putting an end to Cold War thinking , a process in which , he insisted , the US was morally obliged to play a leading role .
He called for the forging of new partnerships to prevent the spread of nuclear weapons and a global summit on nuclear security , which will take place next month .
Ahead of the summit , the Obama administration began a wide - ranging nuclear policy review , which was initially supposed to have been released in December .
The BBC's Jonathan Marcus says all the signs are that the first draft of the document has been rejected as being too wedded to the status quo and not sufficiently " transformational " to use the language favoured by the Obama administration .
He says the review will be read closely to see what it might say about the potential circumstances in which nuclear weapons would be used , an issue Mr Obama is to discuss with Mr Gates .
The review comes as the US and Russia appear close to a new deal to cut their nuclear arsenals , despite Moscow 's concerns over Washington 's missile defence plans .
On Monday , Russian President Dmitry Medvedev said negotiations with the US on a replacement for the 1991 Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty ( Start ) , which expired last December , had reached the stage of agreeing the nuances of the text .
" We are close to agreement on virtually all issues , " Mr Medvedev said , but admitted that it was " not an easy subject " .
The document will also set the tone for the next five - yearly review conference of the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty , or NPT agreement , to be held in May .
The Obama administration is hoping to bolster the NPT , amid growing concern over Iranian and North Korean nuclear programmes .
Jonathan Marcus says Mr Obama will want to prevent the weakening NPT regime from unravelling , and to do so he needs to have powerful evidence that the US is taking its disarmament responsibilities seriously .
STRATEGIC NUCLEAR WARHEADS AROUND THE WORLD
All numbers are estimates because exact numbers are top secret .
Strategic nuclear warheads are designed to target cities , missile locations and military headquarters as part of a strategic plan .
Israel Israeli authorities have never confirmed or denied the country has nuclear weapons .
North Korea
The highly secretive state claims it has nuclear weapons , but there is no information in the public domain that proves this .
Iran The International Atomic Energy Agency reported in 2003 there had been covert nuclear activity to make fissile material and continues to monitor Tehran 's nuclear programme .
Syria US officials have claimed it is covertly seeking nuclear weapons .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I want to learn about
Everything Content Marketing Conversion Rate Optimization Ecommerce Email Marketing Entrepreneurship Marketing Online Marketing Paid Ads SEO Social Media
Six papers posted online present new satellite snapshots of the earliest light in the universe .
By analyzing these images , cosmologists have made the most accurate determination of the age of the cosmos , have directly detected primordial helium gas for the first time and have discovered a key signature of inflation , the leading model of how the cosmos came to be .
The analysis , based on the first seven years of data taken by NASA ’s Wilkinson Microwave Anisotropy Probe , also provides new evidence that the mysterious entity revving up the expansion of the universe resembles Einstein ’s cosmological constant , a factor he inserted but later removed from his theory of general relativity .
In addition , the data reveal that theorists do n’t have the right model to explain the hot gas that surrounds massive clusters of galaxies .
Researchers studying the light , which was generated at the birth of the cosmos but was seen by the satellite as it appeared when it first escaped into space about 400,000 years later , unveiled the findings in six papers posted online January 26 .
The ancient light , known as the cosmic microwave background , is peppered with hot and cold spots , signs of the tiny primordial lumps from which galaxies grew .
To calculate the age of the universe , scientists including David Spergel of Princeton University and Charles Bennett of Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore compared the size of those hot and cold spots today with the size of the spots when the radiation was first released into space .
Using data from WMAP along with studies of distant supernovas and other phenomena , the team finds that the universe is 13.75 billion years old , give or take 0.11 billion .
( By comparison , the team ’s previous calculation , which used the same method but included only five years of satellite observations , had pegged the universe at 13.73 billion years , plus or minus 0.12 billion . )
Data from the WMAP satellite supports the idea that the early universe inflated rapidly , Bennett says .
Inflation theory , which posits that the universe ballooned from subatomic scale to the size of a soccer ball during its first 10 - 33 seconds , has had great success in explaining the structure of the universe .
According to the theory , fluctuations in the intensity of microwave background radiation over larger spatial scales should be slightly bigger than those on smaller scales .
The satellite , which was launched in 2001 and will make its last observations this fall , has confirmed that behavior .
“ This is a really strong endorsement for the theory , " says Scott Dodelson of the Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory in Batavia , Ill .
The standard model of cosmology — replete with inflation , invisible material known as dark matter and something called dark energy , which is believed to accelerate cosmic expansion — “ is a wild idea , ” admits Bennett .
But with the newest analysis of the satellite observations “ we have confronted the model against the data in a substantially new way … and this picture is holding up very well . ”
By using the satellite data to measure the speed of acoustic oscillations — the cosmic equivalent of sound waves — astronomers have confirmed that the early universe forged helium in addition to hydrogen , just as the Big Bang theory has long predicted .
Previous studies were based on the amount of helium present in the cosmos ’ oldest stars rather than a direct detection of the gas in the early universe .
" This opens up a new window for measuring primordial helium , " Dodelson comments .
The detection “ is not a surprise , but it ’s nice to have confirmation , ” Spergel says .
Researchers also analyzed the satellite data to discern the diversity of neutral elementary particles called neutrinos in the universe .
Physicists know of three types — the electron neutrino , the muon neutrino and the tau neutrino .
But the current data would be consistent with the existence of either three or four types .
The analysis of an additional two years of observations from the satellite may settle whether a fourth type exists , says Bennett .
In a separate finding , WMAP detected the abundance of microwave background photons in the vicinity of galaxy clusters .
Here , the satellite has come into conflict with theory .
Energetic electrons associated with galaxy clusters are known to interact with some of the microwave background photons , kicking the photons to higher energies than the probe can detect .
As a result , the probe ought to record fewer microwave - energy photons in the vicinity of clusters .
The probe indeed records a deficit , but it ’s only about half the amount predicted by galaxy cluster theory .
The South Pole Telescope , a ground - based experiment that also studies the cosmic microwave background , also finds a lower - than - expected deficit .
The mismatch suggests that theorists will have to revise their understanding of galaxy clusters , says Bennett .
Image : NASA / WMAP Science Team
See Also :
Follow us on Twitter @betsymason and @wiredscience , and on Facebook .
by Emily J. Martin , Vice President ,
National Women's Law Center
The Senate is now in recess until April 12 , and word is that Senate leadership will not recall Senators back to pass extended unemployment insurance and COBRA subsidies before those benefits lapse on April 5 .
Last week , an attempt to extend these benefits was blocked by Senator Tom Coburn of Oklahoma .
As a result , more than 200,000 unemployed workers will lose their unemployment benefits at the beginning of April .
The most frustrating part of this dynamic is that everyone expects Congress to ultimately approve these extensions .
In fact , both the House and the Senate have already voted to extend unemployment benefits and COBRA subsidies ( the House through June and the Senate through December ) , but because these two bills differ in their details , a final version must be worked out after recess .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Despite Congress ’s votes to extend unemployment insurance and COBRA subsidies , because of Senator Coburn hundreds of thousands of workers will have to figure out how to make ends meet as they lose benefits next week .
Moreover , state unemployment agencies will have to take up the burdensome and expensive task of closing thousands of cases and then reopening them a week or two later if Congress retroactively extends assistance .
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
ADVERTISEMENT
Thanks for watching !
Visit Website
Two months in a row of these unnecessary and painful disruptions are two too many .
When Congress returns to D.C. in two weeks , it must quickly finalize the extension of unemployment insurance benefits and COBRA subsidies through the end of the year .
But that is just the beginning of a meaningful jobs agenda .
Last week , the House passed a job bill aimed at small businesses that included an extension of the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families ( TANF ) emergency fund through 2011 .
The TANF emergency fund provides subsidized jobs and assistance for low - income parents — a group in particular need of targeted job creation .
A minority of Senators blocked an extension of this fund last month ; this time around , the Senate needs to give low - income parents the help they need .
Congress should also pass legislation recently introduced by Representative George Miller , of California , which would create and save one million jobs in local governments and non-profits , employing teachers , police officers , librarians , and child care workers across the country .
It ’s past time to make a real commitment to job creation and support for the unemployed .
undefined
Hey people , you know you can't believe ... Jamaica wo n't have a bobsled team in the upcoming Winter Olympics .
Sad ...
In what could be the most disappointing news of the upcoming Vancouver Games , it was announced that Jamaica has failed to qualify .
But all hope is not lost -- the team is still optimistic about their chances in 2014 .
offers organic wheat grass , stations to charge electric vehicles and " sustainable " salmon .
But the Southeast Portland store no longer offers plastic bags at checkout .
State Sen .
, D- Beaverton , wants every store in Oregon to do the same .
Hass is spearheading a
, Senate Bill 1009 , that is up for a
Tuesday in Salem that would outlaw single - use plastic bags at checkout .
Paper bags would remain legal .
His plastic bag indictment :
They contribute to litter , are minimally recycled , regularly gum up recycling sorting machines , harm marine life and are made from fossil fuels .
" I do n't think people understand the true cost of these bags , " Hass said .
Hass 's bill – at best a long shot in a short session – would buck a string of victories for the bags that environmentalists love to hate .
And contrary to popular belief , the ecological costs and benefits of paper versus plastic are n't that clear cut .
The
expert on environmental impacts of products says the agency has " reservations " about a plastic bag ban , given the impact of paper bags .
Last week , a California appeals court panel sounded a similar note ,
2 - 1 that Manhattan Beach in Southern California could n't ban plastic bags without a more thorough environmental review .
Studies indicate " paper bags have greater negative environmental effects as compared to plastic bags , " the court majority wrote , including " greater nonrenewable energy and water consumption , greenhouse gas emissions , solid waste production , and acid rain . "
Portland Mayor Sam Adams
he may try again to cut plastic bag use , after dropping a bag fee idea .
The Portland chapter of the
has collected 5,000 signatures asking the city to ban plastic checkout bags as a way to encourage shoppers to bring their own reusable bags .
Paper vs. Plastic vs. Reusable
Paper bags :
Include recycled fibers , but take more energy to produce and ship .
Biodegrade , but that can produce methane in landfills .
Cost retailers more than plastic .
Plastic bags :
Take fossil fuel — usually natural gas — to produce .
Are more likely to turn into litter , on land and at sea .
Jam up recycling sorting machines .
Reusable bags :
Cost consumers more .
Are n’t always recyclable .
Are a clear environmental winner — if they ’re durable .
Source : Oregon Department of Environmental Quality
Twelve U.S. cities , with San Francisco in the lead , have banned plastic bags , and Washington , D.C. , debuted a nickel fee on single - use bags Jan .
1 . Green - minded stores such as Portland - based
and Texas - based
do n't offer plastic at checkout .
But Seattle voters shot down a bag fee last year , and the
, backed by bag producers , has scored a series of victories in California .
Stephen Joseph , the coalition 's attorney , said he's " horrified " that San Francisco is passing out paper instead of plastic .
" The evidence is very strongly in favor of plastic bags being better for the environment , " Joseph said .
David Allaway , a DEQ policy analyst , said the environmental impact of bags is n't big enough to obsess over -- especially compared with the environmental costs of the products in the bags .
When Allaway forgets his reusable bags , he chooses plastic and recycles it at the store .
If plastic is n't available , he 's fine with paper .
" Sweating the small stuff distracts us from paying attention to the bigger stuff , " he said .
With paper bags , the biggest environmental challenge is the amount of energy it takes to make them , Allaway said .
So banning plastic bags in favor of paper " would n't necessarily be a win for the environment in the big picture . "
It 's true paper bags biodegrade , and most plastic bags do n't .
Degrading is a plus if a bag is littered , Allaway said , but a pitfall in a landfill , where it produces methane , a greenhouse gas .
The biggest plastic bag drawback :
They 're littered more often , fly away from landfills and garbage cans and often end up in the ocean , where plastic makes up the vast majority of floating debris .
There they fill the gullets of sea turtles that mistake them for jellyfish , entangle sea birds and contribute to the garbage gyre in the North Pacific .
People also put plastic bags in their curbside recycling , though they 're not supposed to .
The bags regularly jam the recycling sorting machines , sending more recyclables to the garbage pile .
Joe Gilliam , president of the
, said grocers ' voluntary efforts have boosted reusable bag use by 400 percent in four years , with about a tenth of customers using them .
But the association , which represents large grocers , is wary of a ban .
Some customers -- especially those who walk or wait for the bus in the rain -- prefer plastic , he said .
Others use them for garbage - can liners , lunch bags and picking up after their dogs .
Melinda Merrill , a Fred Meyer spokeswoman , said grocers also worry about cost , with paper bags three or four times more expensive than plastic .
A voluntary marketing push -- and a nickel - a- bag credit for reusable bags -- allowed Fred Meyer to order 14 million fewer plastic bags and 2.2 million fewer paper bags in 2008 than in 2007 , when it began offering 99 - cent canvas bags .
Hawthorne is the only
store that has gone plastic - free at the checkout aisle .
It 's in an eco-minded section of Portland , however customers interviewed Sunday were n't wild about a ban .
Lisa Kaskan , a child psychiatrist , sighed when asked about it .
She was carrying a paper bag full of groceries -- she 'd forgotten her cloth bag .
" Honestly , if ( a plastic bag ban ) is environmentally best , I think that 's fine , " she said .
" My understanding is paper is marginally better , but neither is great . "
Farther east , at the
on Northeast 122nd Avenue , Charlotte Heisler and her daughter bagged most of their groceries in plastic and paper .
They had n't brought enough of their reusable bags .
Heisler does n't like plastic .
She does n't like bags made of trees , either .
" They should charge a nickel a bag to people who do n't use their own bags , " she said , " and make the reusable bags out of hemp . "
--
US House Rep. Darrell Issa wondered aloud Monday whether last week ’s sensational incident of a runaway Toyota Prius was a hoax , telling CBS ’s Early
Show that some drivers may be lying about problems with their cars to gain fame .
The California Republican pointed to news that investigators from Toyota and the federal government were unable to duplicate the incident in testing last week .
ADVERTISEMENT
That “ does n’t mean it did n’t happen , but let ’s understand it does n’t mean it did happen , ” said Issa , who is the ranking member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee , which has been investigating the recent Toyota recalls over stuck accelerator pedals .
“ In some cases , people did n’t understand how their car worked , and so they thought something was unintended acceleration when it was n’t , ” Issa said .
“ And in some cases there will be people who , quite honestly , want the notoriety . ”
Last Monday , Prius owner James Sikes called 911 from a California freeway to report his car was accelerating to above 90 miles per hour and he could n’t stop it .
Police helped bring the car to a stop .
But even before news emerged that Sikes ’ mishap could n’t be duplicated , accusations began flying that the incident was a hoax .
Blogger Matt Hardigree at Jalopnik suggested Sikes may have had a financial motive to claim wrongdoing by a corporation : Sikes reportedly declared bankruptcy in 2008 and is $ 700,000 in debt .
Theodore H. Frank , a lawyer who represented General Motors in lawsuits over sudden acceleration , also suggested Sikes may have been faking it .
“ Somehow no one in the press has asked Sikes how it is he could stop the car once it had slowed to 50 mph , but not when it was going 90 mph , ” Frank wrote in an op - ed for the Washington Examiner .
“ Have Balloon Boy and the finger - in - the - chili taught us nothing ? ”
ADVERTISEMENT
But Sikes ’ lawyer has stated Sikes is not interested in suing Toyota over the incident .
Toyota ’s woes have mounted in recent weeks as the carmaker repeatedly expanded its recall of cars that could suffer from stuck accelerator pedals .
Most recently , Orange County in California announced a lawsuit against the Japan - based company .
This video is from CBS ’ Early Show , broadcast March 15 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
There is nothing like giving your garden a makeover .
Whether the makeover includes mowing your lawn , planting new flowers , or trimming down the lawn edges .
Every change counts .
In this article , we are discussing the investment that will give your fence the makeover of the year .
By choosing the best fence sprayer , you are initially giving the entire yard a new and fresh look .
We have selected five different fence sprayers that promise to refresh the décor of your fence .
Photo : Hannah Whitaker
Most New Yorkers had n’t heard of Bart Stupak before he attached his devastating anti-abortion amendment to the House ’s health - care - reform bill three weeks ago .
We know a lot more about him now , of course : that he lives in a Christian rooming house on C Street ; that he ’s a former state trooper .
He has become a symbol of legislative zealotry , living proof that the fight over the right to choose will always attract a more impassioned opposition than defense .
( As Harrison Hickman , a former pollster for NARAL , put it to me : “ If you believe that choosing the wrong side of the issue means spending eternal life in Hades , of course you ’re going to be more focused on it . ” )
Just a week after the vote , when I reached the Michigan Democrat as he was driving across his district , he seemed dumbfounded that anyone found his brinkmanship surprising .
“ I said to anyone who ’d listen : ‘ Do you want health care , or do you want to fight out abortion ? ’ ” says Stupak .
He points out that he ’d nearly managed to bring down a rule about abortion funding earlier in the summer , this time in a bill about spending in the District of Columbia .
“ I said , ‘ Look , that was a shot across your bow , ’ ” he recalls .
“ ‘ I was being polite to you .
That was a warning . ’
And the leadership just blew us off . ”
Until it realized it could n’t , of course .
And the results sent chills through the pro-choice world , dampening what was otherwise an impressive victory for Democrats on the issue of universal health care .
If Stupak ’s amendment holds , then any health - insurance plan that ’s either listed on the government - run exchange or accepts federal subsidies — which would likely be almost all of them — would not be allowed to cover abortions .
( The Senate bill is better thus far , but what the legislation will ultimately be , assuming it passes at all , is anyone ’s guess . )
Four days after the vote , Kate Michelman , the former head of NARAL , and Frances Kissling , the former head of Catholics for Choice , warned of an ominous new landscape in a Times op - ed : “ The House Democrats reinforced the principle that a minority view on the morality of abortion can determine reproductive - health policy for American women . ”
But is that actually right ?
Was Stupak ’s truly the minority view ?
According to a Gallup poll from July , 60 percent of Americans think abortion should be either illegal or “ legal only in a few circumstances . ”
Only seventeen states pay for the procedure for poor women beyond the standards of the 1977 Hyde Amendment — meaning if the woman ’s life is in danger or she ’s been the victim of rape or incest .
Just two months before the health - care bill ’s passage in the House , a Rasmussen poll found that 48 percent of the public did n’t want abortion covered in any government - subsidized health plan , while just 13 percent did .
( Thirty - two percent believed in a “ neutral ” approach — though what on Earth that means is hard to say . )
“ I knew even some pro-choice people would vote with us , ” says Stupak .
“ This was n’t like opposing RU - 486 or parental consent . ”
To really understand the House vote on abortion , one ought not look just at Bart Stupak .
As the Democratic co-chair of the pro-life caucus in Congress , he was bound to have strong feelings on the subject .
More representative , perhaps , of the kind of supporter he attracted in Congress was David Obey — chairman of the Appropriations Committee and , with some exceptions , a committed Wisconsin progressive .
He votes for expanding money to Pell Grants , Head Start , and stem - cell research .
He was an outspoken opponent of the Iraq War and voted against a Republican - proposed ban on gay adoptions in the District of Columbia .
It just so happens that he takes the pro-life doctrine of his faith quite seriously .
“ I agree with my church , ” he wrote in a national Catholic weekly in 2004 , “ that abortion in most cases is wrong . ”
“ Because there ’s a Democratic majority in Congress and the president is pro-choice , ” says Nancy Keenan , the current director of NARAL , “ it sometimes gets lost how truly numerically challenged we are . ”
That ’s especially true for people in New York City , where access to abortion is plentiful and unconstrained .
But it ’s a very ambivalent pro-choice nation we live in .
The idea that a bunch of pro-life rogue wingnuts have hijacked the agenda and thwarted the national will is a convenient , but fanciful , belief .
Even with an 81 - person margin in the House , and even with a passionately committed female , pro-choice Speaker , it was the Democrats who managed to pass a bill that , arguably , would restrict access to abortion more aggressively than any state measure or legal case since the Supreme Court decided Roe v. Wade .
From the moment abortion was legalized nationally in 1973 , the American public was n’t especially comfortable with it .
As Jeffrey Rosen , the legal scholar at George Washington University , wrote in The Atlantic three years ago , Roe v.
Wade was one of the few Supreme Court decisions that was out of step with mainstream public opinion .
Patricia Schroeder , the Denver Democrat who was first elected to the House in 1972 , remembers that practically every bill she saw in the beginning of her tenure had an anti-abortion rider attached to it , forcing the same ten or so women down to the House floor .
“ And we ’d get very angry , ” she recalls , “ because there would be very few congressmen joining us .
They ’d say , ‘ We really do n’t like having to vote on this all the time , ’ and we ’d say , ‘ Um , we ’re not the ones bringing you down here . ’ ” Within a decade , says Elizabeth Nash , an analyst at the Guttmacher Institute , states had made significant headway in trimming the law ’s scope , with 27 passing measures that required 24 - hour waiting periods , mandatory counseling , or both ( now law in 34 states ) , and 25 passing measures that required parental notice or consent ( ditto ) .
Photo : Hannah Whitaker
And going strictly by the numbers , it may not look like public opinion on abortion has changed very much over the years .
In April 1975 , according to Gallup , 21 percent of Americans thought abortion should be legal under all circumstances and 22 percent thought it should be illegal under all circumstances .
In the early nineties , there was a brief spell where a full third of Americans believed abortion should always be legal .
That started to slide midway through the Clinton years , and by May of this year , we were almost exactly where we started in 1975 : 22 percent saying always legal and 23 saying always illegal .
But that downward trajectory could continue .
If forced to choose , Americans today are far more eager to label themselves “ pro-life ” than they were a dozen years ago .
The youngest generation of voters — those between the ages of 18 and 29 , and therefore most likely to need an abortion — is the most pro-life to come along since the generation born during the Great Depression , according to Michael D. Hais and Morley Winograd , authors of Millennial Makeover , who got granular data on the subject from Pew Research Center .
Crisis Pregnancy Centers , dedicated to persuading women to continue their pregnancies , now outnumber the country ’s abortion providers , who themselves are a rapidly aging group ( two - thirds are over 50 , according to a National Abortion Federation study from 2002 ) .
In the wake of the murder of Dr. George Tiller this year , the Senate could n’t even pass a resolution condemning violence against abortion providers .
Abortion counselors will also tell you that the stigma attached to the procedure is worse than it ’s been in years .
“ When I started as a patient advocate in Ohio in 1996 , ” says Jeannie Ludlow , a professor at Eastern Illinois University who has written a great deal about abortion , “ what I mostly saw were women who were thinking about abortion in individual ways — this is what ’s going on in my life , this is what I ’m thinking I should do .
But by the time I left in 2008 , our patients would be saying all that and ‘ Oh , and I know I ’m going to feel bad for the rest of my life , ’ even if they seemed perfectly sure of their choice . ”
One could say , in a sense , that the pro-choice movement has always had the harder job .
The choice argument is an analytical one , grounded in theories of privacy and the rights of the mother ; the pro-life side has the case with instant visceral and emotional appeal :
This is life we ’re talking about .
Things were also bound to get worse when the national tide turned Democratic ; whenever a pro-choice person occupies the White House , those who fret about the issue stop giving money to NARAL and the pro-life side reasserts itself ( indeed , says Cecile Richards , the head of Planned Parenthood , protests at her clinics are up , up , up ) .
But these explanations alone can’t fully account for the shift in tide .
Rather , it ’s a confluence of things — starting , I ’d argue , with technological advances .
Generally , science is the friend of progressive political causes .
Not this one .
As fetal ultrasound technology improved during the nineties , abortion providers , conditioned to reassure patients that the fetus was merely tissue , found it much harder to do so once their patients were staring at images that looked so lifelike .
Banking on the emotional power of seeing a beating heart on a television screen — many in the pro-life movement refer to sonograms as “ God ’s window ” — organizations like Focus on the Family began to use this technology to their advantage , sending ultrasound machines to Crisis Pregnancy Centers in an initiative taglined “ Revealing Life to Save Life . ”
Perhaps just as important , the pro-life movement got very shrewd about its politics , realizing that it had a highly conflicted electorate on its hands .
As William Saletan shows with depressing cogency in Bearing Right : How Conservatives
Won the Abortion War , the pro-choice movement was never going to win its case on the basis of women ’s rights .
Men , especially southern white men , did n’t care .
The most persuasive argument it had was an old American standby :
The government has no right meddling in your business .
It did n’t take long for the pro-life movement to use this argument to its own advantage , realizing that if the public did n’t like the government making decisions about abortions , it could force pro-choice legislators to admit that the public would n’t like the government funding them either .
They were right .
Soon , pro-choice candidates were running away from public funding and toward parental consent — another constraint the public overwhelmingly prefers , as well as 24 - hour waiting periods — and a more libertarian Supreme Court upheld these restrictions in landmark cases in 1989 and 1992 .
Yet that still was n’t the worst of it .
Until the mid-nineties , the political debate over abortion remained mostly in the theoretical realm , with the role of government at its center .
Had it stayed there , it ’s possible we ’d be in a different place today .
But in late 1995 , a Florida Republican congressman named Charles Canady had a stroke of insight that would shift it to the realm of both the metaphysical and brutally physical , which is precisely where the pro-life movement wanted it all along .
On the floor of the House , he introduced a bill that would ban so - called “ partial - birth abortions , ” a second - trimester surgical method previously known as intact dilation and extraction .
The procedure was extremely upsetting to behold .
In it , the fetus — or is it a baby ? — is removed from the uterus and stabbed in the back of the head with surgical scissors .
It ’s a revolting image , one to which the public was ritualistically subjected on the evening news as the debate raged on the House and Senate floors .
Defending it was a pro-choice person ’s nightmare .
Pat Moynihan compared it to infanticide .
Clinton still vetoed the ban in 1996 , but it was eventually signed into law in 2003 and withstood a Supreme Court challenge in 2007 .
More important , women were spooked .
“ A lot of our patients started asking whether or not the fetus felt pain after that , even if they were early along in their pregnancy , ” says Albert George Thomas , who until two years ago had spent eighteen years as the head of the family - planning clinic at Mount Sinai .
He adds that many women also came into his clinic expressing confusion about the size of the fetus they were aborting .
Some were terrified that it was huge , even those who were coming in at six weeks .
At that stage , it ’s the size of a lentil .
The woman is 28 years old and ten - and - a - half - weeks pregnant .
She wears false eyelashes , blue eyeliner , and a striped shirt of black and gray .
The condition is : I can sit in on her counseling session if I do not know her name .
“ I can see that you are stressed , ” starts Claire Keyes , her counselor .
“ Yeah , ” the woman responds .
“ Always look stressed . ”
Keyes was particularly interested in counseling this woman because of the constellation of adjectives she ’d checked off on her intake form : selfish , uncertain , guilty .
If you listened only to pro-life cant , you ’d think that women were unconflicted — cavalier , even — about their abortions , using them fungibly with birth control .
Keyes can tell you this is seldom the case , especially in such a Catholic city as Pittsburgh , and especially among African - Americans , like this woman , who on national surveys are less inclined than whites to identify themselves as pro-choice .
“ I see you ’re going to school , ” says Keyes .
“ Is it harder doing that or working ? ”
“ Going to school . ”
“ Because … ? ”
“ Because I got to cram in homework ; sometimes I do n’t do it , ” says the woman .
“ I got three kids : 13 , 11 , and 8 .
And I got to deal with them , and the household , and phone calls from school , ’ cause they ’re cutting out .
So it ’s just like … a whole lot of … everything . ”
She reaches for a tissue .
“ Basically , I go to school , and as soon as I come home , I go straight to sleep . ”
Not all abortion clinics drill down and do this kind of work .
But the Allegheny Reproductive Health Center in Pittsburgh , from which Keyes stepped down as director in January but still works as a counselor , has a national reputation for being psychologically oriented .
If there ’s any place where the complexity and ambivalence surrounding abortion plays out , it ’s here .
Keyes opens the woman ’s folder .
“ The first thing I saw in your chart , ” she says , “ is you ’re not sure about your decision .
What do you want to tell me about that ? ”
“ I do n’t know , ” says the woman .
“ In a sense , I got too much going on , and I ca n’t afford to take on another child .
But in a sense , I feel pressure from my boyfriend , because he do n’t want the kids … so it ’s like , I want to .
I ’m not into the whole abortion thing .
I did it before ” — twice , according to her chart , once last year at this very clinic — “ and I really did n’t like it .
I think some things happen for a reason . ”
The youngest generation of voters — those most likely to need an abortion — is the most pro-life to come along since the generation born during the Great Depression .
Keyes knows that most women refer to the developing lives inside of them as “ babies , ” rather than fetuses , whether they ’re conflicted about their abortions or not .
She knows that occasionally women want to keep sonograms of the fetuses they ’ve aborted and even ask to see their reassembled remains once the procedure ’s through .
( This is standard medical procedure , in order to make sure all the parts have been removed . )
While many of her clinic patients are at peace with their decision , others are not , and she ’s got piles of loose - leaf binders containing pink hearts inscribed with messages to husbands , boyfriends , parents , God ( “ A lot are to God ” ) , and the never - born that express those feelings of uncertainty — like this one , written in the bubble handwriting of a teen who had accompanied her friend :
To the unborn child , Know that your mom made the choice to keep you in heaven and this was not easy for us .
( I was her support . )
At the end of each counseling session , Keyes offers women a basket of stones from which to choose and make a wish .
In early 2008 , she built a small sanctuary in her clinic so that women and their partners could “ say a final good - bye or a prayer , or just to sit quietly and not think anything at all . ”
Keyes gestures toward the waiting room , where the patient ’s boyfriend is sitting .
“ Is he an important part of your life ? ”
The woman hesitates .
“ I guess .
For now . ”
“ He does n’t have kids ? ”
“ He ’s got kids .
He just do n’t want any more . ”
Keyes pauses .
“ I do n’t feel you in this decision , and that makes me sad . ”
She thinks .
“ If you had to name a percentage — pick a number — what percentage of your decision to be here today is yours ? ”
The woman stares into space .
“ Basically , 99 percent of it is him . ”
She looks listlessly at Keyes .
“ So .
Get it done and over with . ”
Keyes gently returns her look .
“ We have a saying around here : We do n’t do abortions for boyfriends . ”
The woman is silent for several long , drawn - out seconds .
Then , she offers something .
“ But see , that ’s where it comes down to my percent .
I have three kids already .
So , he leaves , and now I have four children and no dads . ”
“ Oh , ” says Keyes .
You can see that she is processing this , trying to figure out whether one percent truly means one percent .
“ Okay .
So let ’s just say you had the abortion done here today .
What happens when you wake up tomorrow ? ”
“ I ’ll feel bad .
But I would n’t be , like , angry .
The way I see it , whatever happens , better that way , because if it do n’t work out between us , at least I do n’t have any strings attached . ”
“ So if he disappeared tomorrow , would you say ” — Keyes snaps her fingers — “ ‘ I should have continued that pregnancy ? ’ ”
“ Nope . ”
Keyes reaches for a pen .
“ Okay .
You ’re going to have to tell me what to write here . ”
“ I ’m gonna do it .
Get it over and done with . ”
Keyes sucks in her breath , uncertain again .
“ That ’s not a reason . ”
The woman reaches for another tissue .
“ It ’s for the best , and best interest of me , and my life . ”
A few minutes later , we leave the room .
Keyes is shaking .
I start to ask her a question , but she cuts me off .
“ Do I feel good about signing this ?
Shit , no . ”
She wipes her eyes .
“ And I could deny her .
We do deny women abortions . ”
Well , look , I say .
You told her she has trouble acting for herself .
That was valuable .
Keyes brushes it off .
“ She was here a year ago .
She might have heard the same thing from the counselor then .
In fact , let ’s look . ”
She starts flipping the pages of her chart .
“ Oh my God . ”
What ?
“ I was her counselor . ”
She covers the woman ’s name , and together we peer at Keyes ’s old notes : Certain of her decision … not prepared for a fourth child … may have a fourth later … gave her a stone .
After surveying a raft of studies dating back to 1989 , the American Psychological Association concluded last year that there was no evidence to suggest that an abortion causes mental - health problems in adult women .
Indeed , clinic workers will tell you that most patients experience relief when the procedure is over , believing they were doing what ’s best .
But that does n’t mean women approach abortion without anxiety or conflict .
And if you want to hear honest talk about the realities of abortion , go speak with those abortion counselors and providers .
Even the most radically pro-choice will tell you that the political discourse they hear about the subject , with its easy dichotomies and bumper - sticker boilerplate , has little correspondence to the messy , intricate stories of her patients .
They hear about peace and guilt , relief and sin .
And it is they who will acknowledge , whether we like it or not , that the rhetoric and imagery of the pro-life movement can touch on some basic emotional truths .
Peg Johnston , who manages Access for Women in upstate New York , remembers the first time her patients unconsciously began to co-opt the language of the protesters outside .
“ And it was n’t that these protesters were brainwashing them , ” she says .
“ It ’s that they were tapping into things we all have some discomfort about . ”
This is quite a brave confession for Johnston — or any pro-choice person — to make .
It means making oneself vulnerable to opportunist pro-life activists , who ’ll happily take those words about uncertainty or moral qualms and repurpose them for their own ends .
Back in the late eighties , Charlotte Taft , who first pioneered the practice of writing notes on hearts in her Dallas clinic , mentioned to a journalist that women knew “ abortion is a kind of killing , ” and poor Kate Michelman , at NARAL , was forced to go on the defensive for days .
Last year , Lisa Harris , a Michigan doctor , wrote an incredibly powerful essay for Reproductive Health Matters , trying to come to terms with the goriness of second - trimester abortions while simultaneously recognizing their validity : “ What do we do when caught between pro-choice discourse that , while it reflects our values , does not accurately reflect the full extent of our experience of abortion and in fact contradicts an enormous part of it , and the anti-abortion discourse and imagery that may actually be more closely aligned to our experience but is based in values we do not share ? ”
Following the publication of her essay , the pro-life movement went nuts , calling her a hypocrite , semantic gymnast , and Dr. Mengele .
But Harris raises a very real and terrible dilemma for those of us who are pro-choice :
Engage these questions and you play into the hands of the pro-life movement ; refuse to engage in them and you risk living in a political vacuum .
Nancy Keenan , the current president of NARAL , knows this .
Last year , at an event commemorating the 35th anniversary of Roe v.
Wade , she told her audience : “ Our reluctance to address the moral complexity of this debate is no longer serving our cause or our country well . ”
Michelman knew it too .
Twenty years ago , on Face the Nation , she said practically the same thing .
The trouble is , both Keenan and Michelman are soldiers ; their primary job is to defend abortion rights .
Even clinic workers were n’t always comfortable talking about moral complexity .
“ In the beginning , ” recalls Johnston , “ we were so afraid of Roe being overturned we did n’t want to do anything to jeopardize legal abortions .
So things like the reality of abortion — all those posters showing bloody fetal tissue — we freaked out at it , and if people used to ask ‘ Am I going to regret this ? ’ or ‘ Is God going to punish me ? ’ the questions would stop some of us cold . ”
But sustained exposure to the worries of women making this decision , day after day , year after year , has a way of changing things , and in the past decade , some of the most emotionally honest pro-choice materials — workbooks , DVDs , websites — and conversation have come from people who ’ve been at patients ’ sides .
Particularly the academic literature .
In “ The Things We Cannot Say , ” published last year in Women ’s Studies Quarterly , Jeannie Ludlow describes the experience of seeing repeat - abortion patients —
“ I love you guys , but I hope I never see you again ! ” says one as she leaves the clinic — and dares the pro-choice movement to own up to the fact that it ’s these women , much more so than rape and incest victims , whom they ’re defending : average , fallible people who on occasion screw up their birth control .
And then there was Harris , who wrote about performing an abortion on a woman who was 23 weeks along and then immediately running to deliver a premature baby … of 23 to 24 weeks .
“ I thought to myself how bizarre it was that I could have legally dismembered this fetus - now - newborn if it were inside its mother ’s uterus , ” she writes , “ but that the same kind of violence against it now would be illegal , and unspeakable . ”
Later she notes , “ Currently , the violence and , frankly , the gruesomeness of abortion is owned only by those who would like to see abortion ( at any time in pregnancy ) disappear . ”
The girl , a high - school sophomore from a small rural town , is curled up in a ball in her seat , her giant sweatshirt pulled down low over her gym shorts .
Her mother , trim and erect and clearly stunned , can barely squeak out her question : “ It ’s too late for her to have an abortion now , right ? ”
“ Well , ” says Keyes , looking at the daughter , “ you ca n’t have one at this clinic .
There ’s one hospital in Pittsburgh where they do it , but it ’s often hard to get an appointment . ”
She looks at the patient ’s folder .
Her sonogram says she ’s 21 - weeks pregnant , which means the fetus — or baby — is nearly a foot long .
“ Oh . You live in West Virginia .
Why does life have to be so complicated ? ”
She closes it .
“ There are a few other places you can go , if you still decide that an abortion is what ’s appropriate for you .
One would be D.C. There ’s also Cleveland .
New York .
And Philadelphia . ”
As a political matter , it has always been safest to discuss second - trimester abortions in the context of a looming tragedy : women whose lives are endangered by the pregnancy , women who discover terrible fetal anomalies .
But they ’re not the only women who get them .
Some are extremely poor and only scrape together the money for the procedure when it ’s nearly too late .
Some are drug addicts or mentally unstable .
And some , like this patient , are 15 years old .
Adolescents have an amazing capacity for denial .
And when girls are this young , their periods are so irregular and their birth - control literacy is so poor they often have no idea they ’re pregnant until the baby starts to kick .
Keyes turns to the daughter .
“ Is there anything you want to ask me ? ”
The girl is catatonic .
Then : “ Are they positive ?
I went to the thing in July ” — by which she means her local health department , in order to get birth - control pills — “ and when I had a pregnancy test , I was n’t pregnant . ”
Keyes stands up to get a pregnancy calculator wheel .
“ When in July ? ”
“ The beginning . ”
“ Okay .
Fourth of July , we ’ll call it . ”
She spins the wheel and turns it upside - down to show the girl .
“ If you got pregnant on the Fourth of July , that puts you at 21 weeks .
So you were pregnant either right when you went for your pills , or right before , or right after .
Which means it did n’t show up . ”
The girl is impassive .
Her mother is holding her head in her hand .
“ So if we ca n’t do it at the hospital here , the closest place to us would be where ?
Cleveland ? ”
Keyes consults some literature and determines that it is .
One clinic goes to 22 weeks , the other to 24 .
“ Here ’s one thing I ’d advise , ” she says .
“ Make the appointment , because that way , at least you ’re on the books .
People do n’t do this procedure every day , and it takes three days . ”
At this , the girl ’s mother shoots straight up in her chair .
“ Three days ? ”
You can almost read her thought : I will never be able to take that kind of time off .
“ You have dilators inserted one day .
The next you have more .
And the third day is the procedure itself . ”
Keyes adds that it would save her and her daughter time if they hang around the clinic until the doctor is free , so that he can read aloud the statement they ’re required by Ohio state law to hear .
The mother nods and asks Keyes to go get him .
“ So anything after 24 weeks , ” she asks , “ and she ca n’t get an abortion ? ”
Keyes shakes her head .
“ There ’s someone in Colorado , but other than that , no .
Doctor Tiller is gone . ”
This girl could have given up her baby for adoption .
For all I know , that ’s the path she chose , though it did n’t look like she was headed in that direction .
It was certainly an easier option for me to stomach , if I were to be honest about this .
This girl was halfway through her pregnancy .
She was in her fifth month .
But the truth is , there were no good outcomes in this situation .
Carrying the baby to term during her sophomore year would have been horribly difficult , nothing like the movie Juno would have you believe .
Terminating at five months tests the moral limits of even the most obdurately pro-choice .
And yet that ’s still not what ’s most depressing here .
What ’s most depressing is to think that in the coming years , this girl may effectively have no choice at all .
NARAL ’s Nancy Keenan likes to say that abortion ’s biggest defenders right now are a “ menopausal militia ” — a rueful , inspired little joke .
These baby - boomers , whose young adulthoods were defined by the fight over the right to choose , will soon be numerically overtaken by a generation of twentysomethings who is more pro-life than any but our senior citizens .
As GOP strategists Christopher Blunt and Fred Steeper have pointed out , this group came of age during the partial - birth debate and was the first to grow up with pictures of sonograms on their refrigerators .
The major development in reproductive technology during their lifetimes was n’t something that prevented pregnancies but something that created them : IVF .
These kids have no idea — none — what it was like to live in a world without abortion rights .
( “ This generation ’s knowledge of Roe is like , ‘ Roe vs. what ? ’ ” says Keenan . )
And they feel much more strongly about personal responsibility than the generations preceding them :
Did n’t use birth control ?
The burden ’s on you .
Given this demographic shift , plus the Stupak Amendment , plus the unavoidable fact that abortion ’s essential nature is unchanging — it will always involve some brutal nexus of the heart and the mind — it ’s hard for a pro-choice person like myself to see how the ball rolls forward .
Perhaps Obama will help .
This is , after all , a president who went to Notre Dame , a school with a 167 - year history of Roman Catholic orthodoxy , and dared to give a speech about abortion .
But what he said was hardly his usual optimistic , paradigm - shifting oratory .
All it was was a sober recitation of the problem , one that all - too - painfully explained why public opinion on the subject has n’t budged in 36 years .
“ I do not suggest that the debate surrounding abortion can or should go away , ” he told his audience .
“ No matter how much we may want to fudge it — indeed , while we know that the views of most Americans on the subject are complex and even contradictory — the fact is that at some level , the views of the two camps are irreconcilable . ”
Below you will find all research papers on company tax cuts produced by The Australia Institute to date [ updated 25.06.18 ]
The big four banks get an extra $ 7.4 billion dollars :
Australia ’s big four banks are some of the most profitable banks in the world and are the big winners here , getting an extra $ 7.4 billion dollars in the first 10 years of the tax cuts when they ’re already making record profits .
By the 2025 – 26 financial year , the tax cuts for the big four banks will be $ 3.2 billion every year .
This post is part of the How to Start an Architecture Firm series .
In February 2006 , Christian , Michael and I went to work on forming our own architecture firm .
The following is tip number five of seven in our start - up strategy .
Tip 05 : Start and Stay Small
photo credit
I 've never been a fan of large companies .
It 's probably because I 've never worked for one .
Before founding Modative , I worked for three small - to medium - sized architecture firms .
Christian and Michael have similar experiences , learning the architecture business in offices where you had to do it all .
There was no way to pass along unwanted tasks or hide amongst hordes of CAD stations .
Christian always jokes that in one office , the first thing the boss asked him to do on his first day was to take out the trash .
Experiences like this are humbling , but also critical to developing the kind of discipline it takes to start your own architecture firm .
If I do n't do this myself , it wo n't get done .
A philosophy that clearly ties into Tip 02 : Do it Yourself .
Growing a Company on Fact vs. Faith ?
Many people set out on their own with intentions of growing their offices fast .
Far too often , this growth is unwarranted .
Are you hiring people because you can't possibly complete your long - term billable work with your current staff ?
Or , are you hiring in a panic because you momentarily feel overwhelmed at a perceived inundation of new projects in the office ?
Even worse , are you hiring so you can tell people at dinner parties that your office has X number of people or so you do n't have to work more than 40 hours a week ?
We have faced all of these situations here at Modative .
To expand or not to expand .
I credit our frequent internal debates amongst my partners and I to keeping our company small and responsible when it comes to hiring .
It would have been far too easy in our founding year ( 2006 ) to grow our company based on faith in the booming economy .
But as this glimpse of the U.S. stock market shows over our first three years in business , we made the right call to base our growth on fact rather than faith .
Technology Enables " Smallness "
When I graduated from architecture school 10 years ago , most firms were organized in a much different fashion .
Architecture offices relied on larger project teams to complete the labor - intensive production and coordination that 2D CAD ( and even some hand drafting ) required .
As technology improved , these old - school firms had a tough time changing .
Their principals , often from a generation that did n't grow up with computers , would eventually come to embrace new technology , but in a slow evolutionary way , dragged down by large production - based staffs .
It has taken 10 years for many of these old - school firms to evolve into technology .
Many of them still resist .
Having three founders that grew up with computers and rapid technology changes , our firm was founded with a much different mentality .
We embrace technology because it enables us to remain small .
Our new - school firm can accomplish the same amount of work with one person that an old - school firm needed 4 - 8 people to complete .
These two technologies help make this possible :
ArchiOffice
This program is the key to keeping us organized .
It 's a management system for our projects , contacts , time cards , calendar , billing and much more .
Check out a prior post where I describe our ArchiOffice use in more detail .
A screenshot of the ArchiOffice dashboard .
ArchiCAD
I 've worked with ArchiCAD , our CAD software here at Modative , on and off for nine years .
ArchiCAD 's BIM ( building information modeling ) technology enables " smallness " by taking much of the grunt work out of drawing production , allowing us to focus on creativity .
Virtually constructing projects before they are built not only creates pretty pictures to show our clients , but it also drastically reduces expensive construction conflicts .
An example of how our virtual building models contain information on the structural systems , reducing potential drawing errors .
Stay tuned as we fill in the last two tips of our 7 Tips for Starting an Architecture Firm .
Want to stay up to date as we post the 7 Tips to Starting an Architecture Firm ?
Subscribe to this blog by adding your email to the subscribe form on the right .
In this spellbinding series Professor Brian Cox visits the most extreme locations on Earth to explain how the laws of physics carved natural wonders across the solar system .
What reconciliation is for
One of the weirder ideas out there is that it would somehow be unorthodox to use the budget reconciliation process to smooth out the difference between two health - care reform bills that have already been passed .
But as Henry Aaron points out ( pdf ) , this is literally what the reconciliation process was created to do :
The idea of using reconciliation has raised concern among some supporters of health care reform .
They fear that reform opponents would consider the use of reconciliation high - handed .
But in fact Congress created reconciliation procedures to deal with precisely this sort of situation -- its failure to implement provisions of the previous budget resolution .
The 2009 budget resolution instructed both houses of Congress to enact health care reform .
The House and the Senate have passed similar but not identical bills .
Since both houses have acted but some work remains to be done to align the two bills , using reconciliation to implement the instructions in the budget resolution follows established congressional procedure .
Furthermore , coming from Republicans , objections to the use of reconciliation on procedural grounds seem more than a little insincere .
A Republican president and a Republican Congress used reconciliation procedures in 2001 to enact tax cuts that were supported by fewer than 60 senators .
The then - majority Republicans could use reconciliation only because they misrepresented the tax cuts as temporary although everyone understood they were intended to be permanent -- but permanent cuts would have required the support of 60 senators , which they did not have .
At this point , Democrats have passed health - care reform bills through the two legislative chambers charged with considering them .
The president stands ready to sign the legislation .
The roadblock is that 41 Republicans have sworn to use a parliamentary maneuver to obstruct any effort to smooth out differences between the bills .
It 's pretty clear who 's stepping outside the traditional workings of the process here .
Yet Democrats have allowed the other side to make it look like they 're the ones who are bending the rules !
It 's completely astonishing .
Last week Deep Vellum Publishing Company , a small distinguished nonprofit Dallas publisher , announced it will re-publish my 1987 book , The Accommodation , about the racial history of Dallas .
I have been thinking about it all week , ever since I found out .
First of all , the re-publishing of the book has precious little to do with me .
Years ago I conveyed the rights to the book to Dallas County Commissioner John Wiley Price .
There ’s a whole personal back - story there about why I did that and why he and I had a falling out and why he sat on the rights for so long .
( Ed. Note : Jim explained this peculiarity to us on our EarBurner podcast , back in the early months of the pandemic .
Listen here . )
But you know what ?
This week when I was pondering , I decided his and my personal stories about this are not all that interesting anymore .
Commissioner Price and I are two old guys who should get over it .
I hope somewhere in this new adventure a moment will arrive for us to shake hands again .
But much more interesting things are in play right now than our personal feud – more important things to talk about .
I was inspired to write my book by one specific moment in my life .
On the evening of August 20 , 1984 , when it was still 97 degrees outside , I sat in the over - air - conditioned Dallas Convention Center listening to the late W.A. Criswell , pastor of First Baptist Church of Dallas .
He was delivering a typically flouncy long - winded invocation to the Republican National Convention that was about to nominate Ronald Reagan to his second term as president .
Expressed entirely in cowardly euphemisms and dog- whistles , Criswell ’s message was that Dallas was a White Jesus town , a city that had never taken the boot off the neck of the Black man , had never allowed riots and uprisings like those that had shredded the rusting decadent metropolises of the northeast .
The path to salvation for the rest of the nation , he said , was for everybody to be more like Dallas , which meant implicitly that some weak - sister cities might need to hike up their trousers and put the boot back on the neck .
I was appalled .
And I do n’t mean the riots back up where I had come from six years earlier had not been terrible .
They did deep lasting damage .
What appalled me was Criswell ’s proposition that we go backward , that we reverse course and return to … what ?
What ?
That was the question .
What was the past here ?
Where would Criswell ’s road back take us ?
What kind of town awaited us behind that deeply shadowed bend in the road ?
To cut to the chase , I spent long evenings over the course of a couple of years researching that question in what is now called the Dallas History and Archives Division of the Dallas Public Library .
A team of expert librarian - scholars helped me overcome some of my own dearth of scholarly training as I pursued this singular quest .
By the way , if you want a more comprehensive look at the history of Dallas , you should read Darwin Payne ’s book published in 2000 , “ Big D : Triumphs and Troubles of an American Supercity in the 20th Century . ”
If you want a keen appraisal of what the city ’s all about right now , go to Jamie Thompson ’s new book , “ Standoff : Race , Policing , and a Deadly Assault That Gripped a Nation . ”
My book had a narrow focus .
If the nation did what Criswell had urged , if we went backwards on race , where would we wind up ?
U.S. News evaluated 187 of the most in - demand careers to help you find the job that 's right for you .
Previous coverage
Feb. 22 , 2010 :
Updated at 5:21 p.m..
LORDSTOWN , Ohio -- General Motors ' decision
to
restart a third shift at its Lordstown complex , taking on 1,200 more workers , is about more than simple product planning .
It is a leap of faith for the company that came dangerously close to disappearing last year .
" This is ground zero " for the recovery of GM and the U.S. economy , Mark Reuss , president of GM's North American operations , said at the plant this afternoon .
The Trumbull County plant will start adding a small number of workers for a third shift in July , he said , beginning a slow ramp - up toward full production of the 2011 Chevrolet Cruze in December .
Plant manager John Donahoe said he expects the complex to be fully staffed with 4,500 workers by the end of the year -- up from 3,300 now and as few as 2,000 at the beginning of last year .
The complex hit its peak in 1985 when 12,000 clocked in each day .
GM in Lordstown
1966 : Assembly plant opens with 5,700 workers .
1968 : GM adds a van plant and a stamping plant , employing 7,700 , to the complex , but shuts car plant for retooling .
1985 : Employment peaks at 12,000 with the van plant , car plant and stamping plant all running .
1991 : GM closes the van plant , cutting about 5,000 jobs
2000 : After years of steady declines , 8,000 people work at the plants .
2003 : Employment drops to 6,000 .
2006 : GM ends the third shift .
Employment falls to about 2,200 .
2008 : GM restarts the third shift .
Employment hits 3,500 .
2009 : GM cancels the second and third shifts at the plant , cutting employment to 2,000 .
Toward the end of the summer , the company brings back the second shift .
2010 : At the start of the year , employment hits 3,300 workers on two shifts .
By year 's end , the company expects 4,500 people on three shifts .
SOURCE : Plain Dealer files , General Motors
About 350 Lordstown GM workers still on layoff will be recalled first , said United Auto Workers Local 1112 President Jim Graham .
They lost their jobs early last year when auto sales plummeted and Lordstown went from three production shifts to one .
The plant restarted its second shift last summer .
Graham said Lordstown also will probably get a lot of transfers from plants that GM has closed or where it has cut jobs .
Among them is the Mansfield stamping plant , about 90 miles away , which GM shuttered last year .
" We have n't gone through all of the numbers yet , so we just do n't know where everybody 's going to come from , " Graham said .
The compact Cruze that the Lordstown workers will build replaces the compact Cobalt in Chevrolet 's lineup .
And for the first time , Reuss said , GM has a small car that " blows away its competitors . "
GM is showing confidence that it will be a success by increasing production capacity even before the car goes on sale .
The Cruze will definitely be an Ohio effort .
Its engine block will come from GM 's foundry in Defiance , the transmission will come from Toledo , and GM 's stamping plant in Parma will make nearly 50 parts for the vehicle .
Parma will have a much bigger role in building the Cruze than it does the Cobalt , said Arvin Jones , manufacturing manager for GM .
Parma now makes only a few underbody parts for the Cobalt .
" They 're going to be responsible for a huge portion of this vehicle , " Jones said .
Gov .
Ted Strickland and other political leaders were on hand for GM 's announcement .
Strickland praised the company and its workers for making the event possible .
" We are here to celebrate a bright future , " Strickland said .
Workers basked in the moment .
Following a year in which thousands of their friends and co-workers lost jobs , their employer went through bankruptcy and the future of auto manufacturing in the Mahoning Valley was at risk , they see hope for a comeback .
" A year ago , it looked pretty grim out here .
Cars just were n't selling , " said Jim Moore , a 40 - year veteran of the plant and a quality coordinator .
" It looks like we 've got a good product .
I 'm looking forward to it . "
Your schedule should work for you , not the other way around !
Let our call center optimize the timing of your appointments and other scheduled events .
Using an online scheduling calendar developed expressly for you — and which you can access and change any time — Answer United agents can schedule appointments for you from our call center .
Experience greater convenience while enjoying more control .
We can also populate training sessions , meetings , or conferences and even send out letters of welcome and e-mail reminders .
43 % have less than $ 10 k for retirement
NEW YORK �( CNNMoney.com ) --
The percentage of American workers with virtually no retirement savings grew for the third straight year , according to a survey released Tuesday .
The percentage of workers who said they have less than $ 10,000 in savings grew to 43 % in 2010 , from 39 % in 2009 , according to the Employee Benefit Research Institute 's annual Retirement Confidence Survey .
That excludes the value of primary homes and defined - benefit pension plans .
Workers who said they had less than $ 1,000 jumped to 27 % , from 20 % in 2009 .
Confidence in ability to save enough for a comfortable retirement hovered at 16 % of respondents , the second lowest point in the 20 - year history of the survey .
A drop in the bucket
" Americans ' attitudes toward retirement have clearly tracked the economy the last couple of years , and that seems to be the case in 2010 , " said Jack VanDerhei , EBRI 's research director and co-author of the survey , in a statement .
The percentage of workers who said they have saved for retirement fell to 69 % , from 75 % in 2009 .
While VanDerhei attributed the decline in current savings rates to job losses , mortgage problems and the suspension of corporate 401 ( k ) matches in 2009 , he said the economy is n't entirely to blame .
" In previous years , there were a whole lot of people who had nothing to begin with , " said VanDerhei .
The gap between what Americans have saved and what they 'd need for retirement is forcing workers to prolong their working years .
According to the survey , 24 % of workers said they have postponed their planned retirement age in the past year , up from 14 % in 2008 .
But even as fears over health care costs and job prospects mount , the survey found that only 46 % of workers have tried to calculate what they need for a comfortable standard of living in their golden years .
" People just do n't want to think about this , " said VanDerhei .
" Everybody thinks they 're too young to think about it , until suddenly they 're too old to do anything about it . "
In general , financial planners say that retirement savings , including Social Security benefits and pension , should be large enough to provide about 80 % of pre-retirement income .
To reach that target , " most Americans need to be saving within the healthy range of 6 % - 10 % ( of their salary ) , " said Beth McHugh , vice president of workplace investing for Fidelity Investments .
But the survey found that 54 % of the workers with some form of savings said that they have less than $ 25,000 stowed away .
Delaying retirement , though not ideal , is a good sign that people are finally facing reality .
" People have figured out that they do n't have enough money , " VanDerhei said .
" Still , I 'd rather they bite the bullet today , rather than take the chance that they'd have a job when they are 65 . "
The EBRI surveyed 1,153 U.S. workers and retirees , age 25 and older , in January .
Anyone who has ever visited a company ’s head office to find their office looking like it ’s been annihilated by adverse weather conditions , will probably admit that their opinion of the company went down as a result .
In the same way that you ca n’t help but judge the author of an email littered with spelling and grammatical errors , you invariably judge a company whose employees ’ work at desks piled with seemingly random papers .
It all comes back to that age old rule : your first impression counts – mess that up , and you ’re facing an uphill battle that could ’ve been easily avoidable .
Whether we like to acknowledge it , a cluttered , untidy and – worst of all – unhygienic office is likely to scare off new clients .
In fact , never mind about new clients , you want your current partners to hold you with high esteem , right ?
If so , undoubtedly the best way for that to happen is creating a clean , organised environment and sometimes the best way to do that is by hiring a professional office cleaning company .
As a business manager , the key is to shift the company ’s attitude to creating clutter .
This is significant for two reasons .
First is because the overall efficiency and productivity of a business can increase when employers spend just a minute a day less searching for documents etc .
By itself a minute does n’t sound like much of course , but accumulatively – over the space of weeks , months and years – it can make profound difference to your business ’ growth .
Secondly , cleaning gets harder the worse mess becomes .
It ’s human nature to put off chores like cleaning until tomorrow .
Problem is ; tomorrow comes and the mess is worse , making tidying up even more of a chore .
It ’s a vicious ( and ultimately messy ) cycle !
So how can you sort this ?
In today ’s office cleaning tips we will bring you a wise and environmentally friendly idea to help you reduce paper clutter in your office .
The tidiest offices are generally those that simply have less material clutter to begin with .
And how do they manage this ?
By bringing in a digital filing system …
It ’s likely your business already has a network , and that ’s a great starting point .
Next comes a complete overhaul of the network ’s file structure .
This will take some time and careful consideration .
A general rule - of - thumb is that an effective digital file system – when compartmentalized – reflects exactly how the business is organised and leaves room for future amendment and likely change .
Of course , there will always be a need for hard copies .
However , to discourage printing unnecessary hard copies , some organisations have avoided giving each employee their own filing cabinets , and instead , opt for a communal filing station that of course means getting up , walking over and finding the appropriate file .
Although simple , making this change and gathering your troops for a inspiring talk about the reasons behind , is a sure fire way to instal greater productivity and the priceless benefit of your employees and clients enjoying spending time at the office – the value of which barely needs our endorsement !
Custodians of The Urantia Book since 1950
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The family of Antisa Khvichava say she is the world 's oldest woman and that she is 130 years old .
Rustavi 2 , an independent Georgian broadcaster , reported that she lives with her son , grandchildren and great grandchildren deep in the Caucasus Mountains .
Khvichava 's registration shows her date of birth as 1880 .
Mike Cartwright reports .
Robinho has reiterated his desire to extend his loan stay at Santos and hopes talks have already been initiated Manchester City .
Robinho returned to Santos in January , signing a six - month loan deal that is set to expire on 4 August .
The 26 - year - old , who spent the first three seasons of his career at Santos , has been in impressive form and having notched up five goals in eight matches puts his refound goalscoring prowess down to his happiness .
" It was the right choice , " said Robinho .
" I 'm good physically and mentally .
I hope to continue like this until the end of my spell at Santos .
" Where I have to be happiest is within the four lines of the pitch , and this is happening .
I intend to continue for long .
I hope that the board is already addressing this issue .
You just have to look at my face to see my desire to stay at the club . "
Mangy dog , ugly people on the beach , dirty beach and in the end a corpse floating arriving at the beach .
I conclude that there probably is only one way out of our fiscal dilemma , apart from default , devaluation , or runaway inflation , and that is to increase the rate of economic growth to the point at which a growing public debt falls , or at least does not increase further , in percentage of GDP .
But measures to increase economic growth must satisfy four criteria : that they not interfere with the economic recovery ; that they not put the government in the futile position of trying to pick tomorrow 's industry winners and investing in them ( " industrial policy " ) ; that they not cost too much , as that will contribute to the deficit , because the costs are likely to be incurred before the benefits are obtained ; that they be politically feasible .
With these constraints in mind , I suggest the following candidates for stimulating the growth of the economy .
1. Remove all limits on the immigration of highly skilled workers , or persons of wealth .
( This should be done gradually , so as not to increase unemployment while the unemployment rate remains very high . )
2. Decriminalize most drug offenses in order to reduce the prison population , perhaps by as much as a half , which will both economize on government expenditures and increase the number of workers .
( Again and for the same reason , phase in gradually . )
3. Curtail medical malpractice liability , which increases medical costs gratuitously ( because the courts are very poor at identifying actual malpractice ) and , more important , engenders a great deal of very costly , and largely worthless , " defensive medicine . "
4. Augment the admirable efforts being made by the Obama administration to improve public education .
5 . Increase investment in the treatment of mental illness , which disables people during their productive years .
6. Simplify the federal tax code .
This list is merely suggestive , and could surely be improved .
It is meant to suggest a more productive alternative to the current efforts at comprehensive health care reform , unpromising job subsidy and mortgage relief programs , and ambitious financial regulatory reform -- all measures that are likely to slow the recovery by making the economic environment more uncertain and our fiscal problems more acute .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
Best Dentist in Torrance , CA 90504
Our website is meant to be an extension of your care .
Our goal is to meet and exceed our patient 's expectations .
In quality of care , absolute comfort during treatment , and excellent final results .
Choosing a Torrance dentist for most people is a pretty big decision .
They understand that dental care is an ongoing process , and they want a practitioner that they can be comfortable with and can count on to do what is best for them and their teeth in the long run .
From the first visit with your Torrance Dentist you will see :
We are committed to caring for you
We 'll answer all your questions
We 'll explain all your options and help you make the best choice
We 'll help you afford the care you need
We 'll help make your care as simple and pleasant as possible
Blue Sky Family Dental & Orthodontics
Choosing your oral care provider is an important decision .
Your dental health is one of the most important aspects of your life .
Every person deserves the right to have healthy teeth and an attractive smile .
Exceeding your expectations for dental care is the goal of our Torrance dentist , Dr. Robert Mondavi .
Looking for a Dentist near me ?
Our quality dental care is performed in a safe environment using the latest dental techniques and technologies to produce great smiles .
A combination of specially designed oral care programs and routine dental treatments are provided to keep your teeth and gum line healthy .
× Invisalign Testimonial from Nicole
× Invisalign Testimonial from a Parent
The commitment to your oral health by our dentist in Torrance begins on your first visit .
We care about your oral health
We answer your questions
We provide in - depth explanations of dental options and help you to decide
We give you flexible payment options
We make sure your dental care is pleasant and safe
We create a friendly atmosphere to make your dental visit memorable and stress - free .
We believe in creating a personal relationship with you that is essential in your long - term dental provider .
Our continued investment in modern technologies gives us the ability to professionally perform general and cosmetic dentistry procedures to create healthy and attractive smiles here in Torrance California .
Our dental care consists of five specialized areas to provide you with a complete dental solution .
These areas include cleaning and prevention , cosmetic dentistry , periodontal disease , restorations and orthodontics .
If you are in need of a Dentist nearby , Our Torrance cosmetic dentist , Dr. Robert Mondavi , has the experience and passion required for keeping your teeth healthy .
Keeping up with the latest advancements in treatments and procedures helps us to provide you with the best dental care .
When dental problems are discovered , our cosmetic dentist in Torrance accurately restores damage and will prevent future problems from developing .
Modern cosmetic dentistry treatments like dental implants , dental veneers , porcelain bridges , porcelain crowns and teeth whitening help to give you a great smile .
Modern ways to straighten and align your teeth can be completed with Invisalign or additional orthodontic treatments .
We are committed to creating and maintaining your smile .
Thank you , Dr. Mondavi
By Sean Coughlan
BBC News education correspondent
The numbers of women at university have surged this decade A watershed in university participation has been reached - for the first time a majority of young women in England are going to university .
Provisional figures , showing university entrance for 2008 - 09 , show that 51 % of young women entered higher education - up from 49 % the previous year .
The overall figures also show an all - time high of 45 % going to university , including 40 % of young men .
Both Labour and the Conservatives are promising even more university places .
Showing the scale of the social change - 20 years ago only about one in five young women went into higher education and 30 years ago it was about one in 10 .
In the early 1960s , only about one in 20 young people were going into higher education .
Soaring applications
This latest record high has been driven by a decade - long surge in the numbers of women going to university .
A decade ago , although a slightly different measurement was used , 41 % of women were going to university and 37 % of men .
The figures published by the Department for Business , Innovation and Skills show the proportion of people aged between 17 and 30 who were entering higher education in the autumn of 2008 .
It shows that there has been an increase from 43 % to 45 % in the overall figure - with an increase of 2 percentage points for both women and men .
There had been a longstanding target for 50 % of young people to go to university , which has never been achieved - not least because of a relatively slower growth in male numbers .
Until the early - 1990s , more men than women were going to university - but since then women have taken an increasing proportion of places .
' Great investment '
Political opposition to expanding student numbers has also faded - with all the major parties supporting the principle of more university places .
In the Budget last week , the government sought to double the Conservatives ' promise of university expansion , by announcing a further 20,000 places for this year .
But this increase will still not keep up the soaring demand for university - with admissions authorities reporting a 23 % year on year increase in applications .
There have been warnings that this will mean tens of thousands of well - qualified applicants will not get a place this autumn .
This growth in student numbers reflects international trends - with the number of graduates in industrialised countries almost doubling in the past decade , according to the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development .
Business Secretary , Lord Mandelson , whose department is responsible for universities , welcomed the continued push towards 50 % of young people going into higher education .
" This aspiration is important not for the sake of a target , but because Britain 's economy needs skilled graduates to innovate , grow and secure the recovery .
A university education also sets students up to succeed across their lifetimes and a British degree is still a great investment for any individual . "
But responses from the university sector reflected fears over funding .
Pam Tatlow , chief executive of the Million + group of new universities , warned : " No - one who has the ability should be deprived of the opportunity to go to university ... the opportunity to go to university is a question of both social justice and ensuring the UK's economic competitiveness . "
The head of the UCU lecturers ' union , Sally Hunt , said : " The government should be rightly proud of its efforts to get more people into our universities .
However , it needs to be brave enough to back its policy and provide the necessary resources the university sector , and record numbers of students , so desperately need . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Preamble John
Terry got us into this mess by eschewing a simple handshake and choosing instead to sate his grubby urges by irrevocably damaging the life of a perfectly decent human being and also a small child ; as a consequence we now have the vaguely farcical scenario of a significant football match – Chelsea go four points clear if they win ; City go fourth if they draw – being overshadowed by a handshake .
A handshake .
You know , the thing that is occasionally used to significant a vital political breakthrough , an initiation and the like .
Oh , football .
What I would like to happen I 'm not picky , any of these will do .
1 ) Bridge goes straight to his position at left - back when he comes out of the tunnel , not even bothering to disguise his contempt for the absurd sham that is " The Respect Handshake " .
2 ) The entire City team refuse to shake Terry 's hand , citing the age - old juvenile excuse that they do n't know where it 's been .
3 ) Bridge does a Banzai Mr Shake Hands Man number on Terry , holding the handshake for almost four minutes .
A confused Terry , who does n't know whether he 's being mocked , forgiven or about to appear on This Is Your Life , responds with a headbutt and receives an 84 - year ban from football as a result .
John Terry 's take on it all " " I will offer my hand and be prepared to shake his . "
Cheers , John !
Good of you to forgive him , John !
From afar , Terry seems like a peculiarly English streak of odiousness ; the sort who , despite being guilty of some palpably indefensible behaviour , is able to ignore all logic and manufacture their own grievance so that they can behave like they have been wronged .
All very strange .
All very English .
Whoever was responsible for the despicable attempt to discredit Bridge a couple of days ago , be it Terry or one of Team Homewrecker , needs to talk a good long look in the mirror .
Trouble is , they do , many times a day , and they see nothing bad looking back at them .
Oh , England .
Team Terry apparently reckon Bridge is a bottler .
How might such a character trait manifest itself , I wonder .
" The front page of theguardian.com / sport says that Portsmouth are going to be ' cut to the bone ' , " says Mac Millings .
" In the circumstances , that seems like an appropriate punishment for John Terry , too . "
Putting popular misconceptions to bed department
The received wisdom is that Terry did not allegedly do anything with Ms Perroncell while she was still going out with Bridge .
a) So what ?
They were close friends .
Anyone seeking to defend
Terry on any grounds wants to be asking Santy Claus for a new moral compass as well as a year 's supply of wasps to chew on come December .
b ) This story suggests otheriwse .
" The affair the Chelsea star tried to hide from the world began after his pal Bridge left Chelsea for Manchester City last year .
Terry kept it under wraps until we caught him sneaking off to her home for secret romps after away games and training .
He had already laid the groundwork by flirting heavily with leggy Vanessa while Bridge was still at Chelsea - KISSING and playing FOOTSIE with her under his wife 's nose on team nights out . "
That 's right : KISSING and FOOTSIE with LEGGY VANESSA .
Of course , this is how real men settle things .
I particularly like the long - haired gentleman trying to stop the egg - white - haired gentleman breathing by smothering him with his breasts .
Team news Florent Malouda stays at left - back despite the availability of Paulo Ferreira .
Joe Cole starts .
Hard to say whether City 's formation will be as below , or 4 - 4 - 2 with Johnson wide right and Barry wide left .
I suspect the former .
Team Terry ( 4 - 1 - 4-1 ) Hilario ; Ivanovic , Carvalho , Terry , Malouda ; Mikel ; J Cole , Ballack , Lampard ; Anelka ; Drogba .
Subs : Turnbull , Paulo Ferreira , Kalou , Sturridge , Matic , Alex , Belletti .
Team Bridge ( 4 - 1 - 4-1 ) Given ; Richards , Kompany , Lescott , Bridge ; De Jong ; A Johnson , Zabaleta , Barry , Bellamy ; Tevez .
Subs : Taylor , Onuoha , Wright - Phillips , Santa Cruz , Sylvinho , Toure , Ibrahim .
Pre-match emails
" Anyone else pining for the days of Mark Stein and David White ? " - Niall Mullen .
" What a brilliant game this is already .
It 's like being part of a morality play .
I just wish Brian Glover was around to play God " - Ian Copestake .
" Mac Millings is some kind of emailing - in wonder .
Every one of these MBMs he pops up .
Perhaps he should be secured on contract ? " - Peter Crosby .
" I can't believe I got up at 7 in the morning on a Saturday for a bloody handshake " - Aidan Gibson .
" Oh , Rob .
Please stop the oh , riff .
It 's very oh - nnoying " - Scott W .
" Fine piece on today 's site .
Am in foreign .
This kind of of elaborate trivialization of human suffering is just what I missed .
Well done go to top of the class " - Belette Holt Fente .
" Drew the long straw for this one eh Robbie ?
I 'm off to bed , it 's half past eleven on Saturday night here and I need my beauty sleep , but I want second by second analysis of the handshake that time forgot .
Minute by minute just wo n't cut it today .
How ridiculous is this whole sorry affair eh ? " - Sean Boiling .
" About the ' oh ' complaint .
I do n't want to feel mean .
You are my favourite MBMer .
And I really hope you get your Proper Journalism Award .
Maybe it's a reference to something I do n't get .
I feel petty now " - Scott W .
A very special email .
One so special that it deserves to stand alone " Tomorrow is Sunday that 's the right day for preaching , " says Rob in Dusseldorf .
" He [ allegedly - imaginary ed. ] had an affair with Bridge 's EX - GIRLFRIEND .
She may do what she want ; if this includes [ allegedly - etc ] shagging an odious [ alleged - etc ] nicker of handicapped parking spots , then that 's her choice .
If Bridge is cheesed off then tough !
As for Terry the only apologies he needs to make are to his wife .
I do n't know if you are in a relationship but if you are such an angel I 'm sure it owes more to lack of opportunity than to some strong morale backbone .
It 's easy to avoid temptation if there is none ... "
That 's right , reduce the argument to abusing me because I do n't look like Brad Pitt .
Well done Rob !
Also , the main story on which society is basing its assumptions about this alleged affair makes it explicitly clear that they were engaged in certain activities while she was in a relationship with Bridge .
As already stated earlier .
It 's not a David Lynch film , Rob .
12.44 pm Bridge does n't shake hands with Terry .
It was Manchester City who had to walk towards the Chelsea players and Bridge , one of the last , looked Terry up and down , thought about it for a split second - and just kept walking .
Hahaha , that was very funny .
1 min City are in their white away strip .
Chelsea kick off from right to left .
2 min
The death knell for a once proud country : Bridge gets his first touch and is roundly booed .
As he goes to collect the ball for a throw - in , you can easily lipread one charming gentleman calling him a " fucking prick " .
I want none of this .
3 min A lively start from Chelsea , as you 'd expect .
No real dangerous attacks , though .
4 min " I appreciate this is orthogonal to the main points of interest in this game , but is anyone else impressed by City 's away strip ? " says David Wall .
" Nice 70s - throwback - style , and tactfully small advertising logo .
Seems that the guys from Abu Dhabi are not content with usurping Chelsea 's status as the nouveau - riche of the Premier League , but also after the Londoners ' reputation for sartorial elegance . "
Agreed .
There are some thing about City that do n't exactly ooze claGARRYCOOKss , but that strip is great .
5 min Lampard thwangs miles over the bar from 25 yards .
6 min Chelsea are having all of the possession without yet doing anything of note .
Tevez is very isolated for City , which I suppose is inevitable when you pick three central midfielders who rarely run in line with the ball , never mind beyond it .
7 min " Does anyone get the impression that Mancini really does n't know his squad all that well ? " asks Declan Johnston .
" His constant dropping of Stephen Manchester from the line - up and acquiring of Vieira gives the impression that he is n't entirely familiar with the personnel , or at least did n't watch them play before taking over ... "
I agree completely .
And by the time he does know the squad , in the summer , it will probably be someone else's .
8 min Nothing is happening .
Bridge is being booed every time he touches the ball , and it 's not pantomime stuff either .
" Are the Chelsea fans really booing Wayne Bridge for not shaking John Terry 's hand ? " John Donnelly .
" Whatever your stance on John Terry 's behaviour , on what possible set of moral scales does not shaking someone 's hand outweigh cheating on your wife ? "
The English scales .
Besides , they are n't booing him for that ; they would have booed him even if he had kissed Terry on both cheeks .
They are booing him because ACTUALLY THEY DON'T KNOW WHY THEY'RE BOOING HIM THEY JUST ARE ALRIGHT DO YOU WANT SOME EH EH ?
10 min City have their first sustained spell of attacking , culminating in Adam Johnson being humped over from behind on the right wing , maybe 40 yards from goal .
It 's swung deep beyond the far post and volleyed into orbit by the stretching Kompany .
11 min " Terry should be reinstated as captain , " says Ian Copestake , " because he is a perfect representative of little England . "
12 min A fantastic effort from the left - back Malouda , a first - time shot from 35 yards that arrowed only a couple of yards over the bar .
In fairness , Given pulled his hand away but it wonderfully struck .
13 min Bridge and Terry have n't been near each other as yet .
You would n't expect them to , really , given their positions , unless maybe a corner pinballs around the box .
14 min Richards cleans Drogba out just outside the box on the left wing , a hopeless attempt at defending .
It 'll be taken by Drogba , who presumably will go straight for goal even though it 's an awkward angle .
In fact it 's a bluff and he lays it back to the edge of the box for Lampard , whose shot is blocked .
15 min Richards misjudges Ivanovic 's long angled cross .
That gives Drogba space on the left of the box , but his chipped cross clears everyone and is cleared by Bridge .
18 min Adam Johnson 's curving free - kick from 25 yards , to the right , is comfortably saved by Hilario .
But Tevez , running across the line of the goalkeeper , was n't far away from getting a touch .
Thirty seconds later Given parries a shot from Joe Cole on the left side of the box .
It was a fairly routine save , although Cole did nicely to beat Johnson on the right , come back infield and then crunch his shot towards goal .
I like Joe Cole ; I hope this is just an iffy spell for him rather than something more permanent .
20 min " I agree completely with your sentiments about Terry , but calling the booing of Bridge by Chelsea fans the death knell for a once proud nation is frankly [ insert word here ] , " says Patrick Cullen .
" Spectators at football matches have always had the privilege of safety in numbers allowing them to make socially unacceptable comments , the only thing that 's changed through the years is the definition of what is socially unacceptable - and anyone who remembers the monkey noises and thrown bananas of only a few years ago knows things are moving in the right direction .
Terry does n't seem like a nice bloke , but the Chelsea fans are only doing what fans always try and do - back their team against the opposition any way they can . "
I 'm not saying it 's anything new , and obviously the death knell thing was a little hyperbolic , but come on : there may be in safety in numbers but you can be sure these fans would make the same point individually .
And that 's not really indicative of a healthy society , is it now ?
21 min Chelsea have had 60 per cent possession but City 's 7 - 0 - 3 formation has worked well in terms of smothering their attacks .
Ninety minutes is a long time to hang on at Stamford Bridge , though .
24 min Bellamy , who would have been free on goal – albeit wide on the left – is wrongly given offside .
25 min Drogba misses a headed half - chance .
He pulled off the dawdling Richards towards the far post onto a good , clipped cross from the right corner of the box by the ever - excellent Lampard .
He needed to head it back whence it came into the far corner , but did n't judge it correctly and popped it tamely over the bar .
27 min " I can't help but actually feel a little disappointed by the ( non ) handshake , " says Chris Kempshall .
" I was rather hoping City might have approached Terry more along these lines . "
28 min Anelka 's 30 - yard shot is easily saved by Given .
This game is shocking .
That 's as much down to City 's approach as anything .
I 'm not criticising them for that ; I always played cagily away from home to bigger teams on Champo Manager .
30 min A eulogy to City , from Richard Clarke : " We 're the Factory Records of football .
In the same way world 's best - selling 12 " , Blue Monday , made them a loss , we 've won the league one season and got relegated the next while scoring over 100 goals ... doh !
More recently , our season 's turning into ' Pills Thrills & Bellyaches ' , as a bunch of once - talented pitch musicians get loads of money thrown at them , forgot the plot ( the Mondays did this on a cocaine and crack - fuelled West Indian island recording studio ) and produce a moderately stiffing album everyone in the city was relying on to save the day . "
31 min Kompany slices a clearance over his own bar , which leads to a Chelsea corner .
It comes to nothing except a particularly unpleasant clash of heads between Drogba and Zabaleta .
While Zabaleta is treated – and he looks extremely groggy – Bridge and Joe Cole have a chat and a laugh .
Bad Joe !
Naughty Joe !
35 min Zabaleta is off getting treatment .
Richards , meanwhile , is having a shocker ; he concedes another free - kick by the left touchline – and Malouda spanks it straight out of play on the other side of the pitch .
Bizarre .
36 min Drogba fires over from eight yards .
An excellent defensive header from Kompany sent the ball to the edge of the box , where the onrushing Lampard screwed his first time shot .
It came to Drogba , on the turn and in line with the far post , but he curved a left - footed effort over the top .
That was a good opportunity , if deceptively awkward .
38 min Anelka bursts dangerously infield from the left , past two defenders , but then hopelessly overhits his reverse pass to Joe Cole .
40 min Anelka zips dangerously infield from the left again .
This time he lets fly from the edge of the box - and it is blocked by Frank Lampard !
I reckon that was going in or would , at the very least , have drawn a fine save from Given .
41 min " When did the Guardian start believing that unsubstantiated gossip from unnamed sources in the NOTW must be treated as ' FACT ' ? " says Rod Boyle .
" Do you read your own paper ? "
No , I try not to .
At the risk of undermining your entire argument , I never asserted it was fact or anything of the kind .
You are right , though : maybe Bridge dreamt it all !
Like Bobby Ewing !
Only with one of his best mates betraying him !
And maybe Capello dreamt it to and that 's why he sacked Terry !
GOAL ! Chelsea 1 - 0 Manchester City ( Lampard 42 ) Chelsea 's patience pays off with a fine goal from the marvellous Frank Lampard .
It was made by Joe Cole , who got himself into a lovely position between defence and midfield , 35 yards out , and then stabbed an inviting pass down the side of the defence .
Lampard , running diagonally from centre to right to the edge of the box , cut his first - time shot back across Given and in off the far post .
A typically accomplished , economical Lampard goal , although the defending was not great : Kompany tried to push up for offside even though Richards , behind him , was five yards deeper and thus playing Lampard onside on the other side of the box .
45 min " Man City only threatened Liverpool with outbreaks of intense lethargy when they played at home , " says Ian Copestake , " so I think this is their default style no matter what the opposition or where they play . "
Mancini is doomed , is n't he ?
GOAL !
Chelsea 1 - 1 Manchester City ( Tevez 45 ) What a ridiculous goal !
A huge punt out of defence from Bridge is backheaded by Mikel , on the halfway line , towards Terry .
It goes straight through him and that allows Tevez to get his head down and charge towards goal .
He reaches the edge of the area before going inside and then back outside the covering Carvalho and then , off balance after a sly trip from Terry , completely scuffs his shot across goal from the right side of the six - yard box .
I actually turned away to type about how he'd missed and might have had a penalty , only to hear the laughter around the office as the ball went in .
Somehow it dribbled past Hilario , who dived to his right but was deceived by the complete lack of pace , and into the corner .
A shocking error from Hilario , and a comedy of errors for Chelsea .
As shambolic as the goal was , you have to give huge credit to Tevez .
He had literally no teammates within 50 yards of him .
A triumph of the human spirit , that goal .
Oh and the assist goes to Bridge , hilariously .
45+3 min Lescott misses a really good chance to give City the lead .
A deep , inswinging free - kick from Bellamy on the left found him unmarked at the right corner of the six - yard box , but he headed the ball across goal and wide of the far post .
It was awkward because he saw it late , his view obscured by Richards , but a goalscoring defender of his quality should have done better .
Half time : Chelsea 1 - 1 Manchester City Terry moans at the referee on the way off ; no idea why .
Also , seconds before the City goal Joe Cole was denied by Given from 10 yards , with Lampard muffing the follow - up .
Half - time emails
" Rob , I was avoiding having any opinion on the wretched Terry - Bridge nonsense , until yesterday I had the misfortune of stumbling across the Daily Mail 's opinion on the situation .
I felt so soiled by reading this piece that I am now firmly in Bridge 's camp " - Alan Cooper .
" BOOO !
JOHN TERRY ! BOOO ! " - Alex Netherton .
" Does the assist from Bridge and the error from Terry show that there is justice in football ?
Clearly Terry is a man who favours action over words , so perhaps that 's his apology right there .
Much more meaningful than some ghosted - column in the Sun .
A man with such moral fortitude should be reinstated as England captain " - David Wall .
" If the script gods are reading could they make the following happen please : Chelsea are leading 2 - 1 thanks to a goal by Anelka ( my Fantasy League team needs the points ) in the 89th minute ; John Terry sticks out a leg in the box and brings down any Man City player thereby awarding them a penalty and himself a red card ; Wayne Bridge trundles up to him to ' encourage him off the pitch ' ; Wayne Bridge steps up , dinks the penalty past Hilario , and cups his hand to his ear to receive the adulation of 40,000 West London Blue Boys .
Unlikely , but a nice daydream " - Atif Ahmed .
46 min City kick off from right to left .
47 min
The game has a touch more snap at the start of the second half , although that is not hard .
When Ivanovic fouls Tevez , Terry helps him to his feet .
A giant of a man .
48 min Adam Johnson slaloms infield from the right , easily away from Malouda and to the edge of the box , where is he cleaned out by Terry , who is booked .
The free - kick is 20 yards out and right of centre ; ideal for the left - footed Bridge ... who rams it straight into the wall .
GOAL !
Chelsea 1 - 2 Manchester City ( Bellamy 51 ) A wonderful goal from Craig Bellamy !
Chelsea were caught terribly on the counter , with Carvalho and Ivanovic stranded upfield , when Barry found Bellamy on the halfway line down the left wing .
He was one on one against Mikel and , having run to within 20 yards of goal , roared past Mikel before driving a very careful left - footed shot into the far corner from a tight angle .
Hilario should have done better but that was still a really good goal ; clinical , smooth and classy .
55 min Terry plays a really gorgeous pass inside Richards for the onrushing Carvalho – similar to the one he played at the Emirates leading up to Drogba 's opening goal – but his cross is claimed by Given .
57 min Modern football is odd .
City are 2 - 1 up , but I bet they 're the only one of the two teams who would take a draw right now .
59 min
Our tools keep crashing ; apologies for this .
Ivanovic and Zabaleta have been booked in the last few minutes .
60 min " The handshake for those who missed it " says Adam Hirst .
61 min Three substitutions .
For City , Wright - Phillips replaces Johnson ; for Chelsea , Belletti replaces Mikel and Sturride replaces Cole , the latter decision bringing boos from the Chelsea fans .
63 min Tevez squares up to Terry after a challenge in the Chelsea penalty area .
Terry won a goalkick by kicking the ball off Tevez , and then then they both stuck their chests into each other .
It was n't exactly footsie , so Mrs Tevez has nothing to worry about .
65 min " In an utterly uncharacteristic bid to talk about the bloody game - do you know what 's up with Deco ? " says Phil Podolsky .
" Chelsea 's effectiveness notwithstanding , their not infrequently witless displays suggest they could benefit greatly from his wily virtuosity . "
Is n't he just a bit past it ?
That said , Chelsea have looked fairly witless today .
66 min Bellamy almost makes it 3 - 1 .
Tevez played a brilliant , lobbed crossfield pass inside the right - back Ivanovic .
Bellamy scorched beyond him and into the area , but the ball bounced awkwardly and then enabled Ivanovic to get back and clear for a corner before Bellamy could get his shot in .
67 min A lovely solo run from Anelka , coming infield from the left , ends with a vicious strike that Given can only beat away .
It was straight at him but Anelka strikes the ball so beautifully so there was no chance of catching it .
Seconds later , Belletti drives a wonderful diagonal pass over the head of Lescott for Drogba , who chests it down and sees his shot blocked by Given .
He was only a couple of yards out , but beyond the far post and that meant Given was right on top of him the moment he chested it down .
Mike Dean gives a goalkick rather than a corner , and Ballack is booked for dissent .
69 min Chelsea 's last substitution : Salomon Kalou replaces Ricardo Carvalho .
So Ivanovic goes to centre - back , Belletti to right - back and Anelka to centre - forward in a 4 - 2 - 4 formation .
70 min Bellamy stings Hilario 's buttered palms from 30 yards .
It was a rudimentary save , though .
71 min " It will have been the City fans booing when Sturridge came on after he left on a free having demanded £ 70,000 a week contract despite being a 18 - year - old squad member , " says Peter Green , generously correcting my 61st - minute entry .
" He makes Ashley Cole look humble . "
72 min Chelsea are having most of the ball , as they have almost all game , but City are defending with as much comfort as can be expected while protecting a lead away to a side with such a stunning home record .
You just know , however , that a siege is coming .
73 min " The one thing that can be said of both teams ( given the circumstances ) , is that they 're true professionals , " says Peter Corway .
" Something similar happened in my school playing days .
Two lads were kissing the same girl , so when the local match came up on the Sunday morning , it disintegrated into a 22 - boy brawl . "
74 min Ballack controls a bouncing ball very well to strike it low towards the far corner from 30 yards .
Given gets down to save and , more importantly , hold onto the ball .
75 min : PENALTY TO CITY AND BELLETTI SENT OFF !
This is a carbon copy of the Samuel / Kalou incident in the San Siro , with Belletti and Gareth Barry coming together in the area ; the difference is that this time the referee has got it right .
Belletti misjudged a header and that allowed Barry to get goalside of him in the area .
Belletti had no way of getting the ball and brought him down ; the touch was minimal but enough to knock Barry over .
A clear penalty , and a red card for Belletti as well .
GOAL ! Chelsea 1 - 3 Manchester City ( Tevez 76 pen )
A fine penalty from Tevez , smacked low to Hilario 's right and into the corner .
Hilario went the right way but he was n't getting near that .
Tevez has been really brilliant today .
77 min Bloody hell .
78 min " Who is meant to be in this ' John Terry camp ' anyway ? " says Mark Hooper .
" I think it could just be Mr Chelsea in a hall of mirrors . "
79 min Roque Santa Cruz replaces Wayne Bridge , who is applauded off by some Chelsea fans and booed by some others .
He goes straight down the tunnel , which is sensible .
That 's smart from Mancini , as Andy Gray points out , because it cuts out any possible post - game rubbish .
Zabaleta goes to left - back and City go to 4 - 4 - 2 .
80 min " Here be quite a humorous Talksport mash - up of interviews that make JT seem very honest , " says Ian Copestake .
81 min " What 's schadenfreude called when it 's brilliant ? " says Alex Netherton .
82 min : BALLACK SENT OFF Chelsea are down to nine men .
Ballack gets a second yellow card , deservedly so for a risible scissor - hack from behind at Tevez .
This is bizarre .
83 min A fierce strike from Drogba , 20 yards out , is well held by the crouching Given .
84 min I 've no idea what formation Chelsea are playing now : 2 - 4 - 2 by the looks of things .
But they keep pushing and Given has to make an excellent save to deny Anelka , who had burst through that inside - left channel yet again before shooting across goal from the corner of the six - yard box with his left foot .
Given spread himself to save with his fully outstretched left hand .
85 min Drogba 's splendidly struck free kick frokm 25 yards is straight at Given .
City cannot keep the ball ; this is weird .
GOAL ! Chelsea 1 - 4 Manchester City ( Bellamy 87 ) City get a five - on - three counter - attack and play it perfectly .
Tevez played Wright - Phillips through on goal on the right with Chelsea 's three defenders backpedalling desperately .
He ran into the area and selflessly passed it across the face for Bellamy to tap into an empty net .
88 min If City really concentrate there is another one to be had here , because Chelsea are still throwing men forward .
90 min Sylvinho , aged 77 , replaces the fantastic Carlos Tevez .
He has put a wonderful shift in today .
There will be five minutes of added time .
GOAL !
Chelsea 2 - 4 Man City ( Lampard 90 pen )
Barry challenges Anelka clumsily in the area , and Lampard drags the penalty into the bottom - left corner as Given dives the other way .
Good penalty , especially in view of the fact that he had one saved by Given in the return fixture .
Full time : Chelsea 2 - 4 Manchester City John
Terry is complaining to the referee .
What a specimen .
A fabulous win for City in a very strange game ; they go to fourth , and in doing so bring Manchester United and Arsenal right back in the title race .
Thanks for your emails ; I 'll leave the last word to Adam :
" I 'm kind of new to this soccerball game you call ' football ' .
But it seems to me like something has unsettled the Chelsea team , especially their defence .
Maybe something is going on off the field ...?
Actually , I 'll leave it to Craig Bellamy in his post - match interview : " I know what JT 's like , and nothing surprises me with him .
Everyone in football knows what he 's like . "
Hunt dogs savage family pet Cannot play media .
Sorry , this media is not available in your territory .
A family 's dog is torn to pieces by hounds from a local hunt .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
But to the surprise of investors and analysts , the committee said it had decided to purchase an additional $ 750 billion worth of government - guaranteed mortgage - backed securities on top of the $ 500 billion that the Fed is already in the process of buying .
In addition , the Fed said it would buy up to $ 300 billion worth of longer - term Treasury securities over the next six months .
That would tend to push down longer - term interest rates on all types of loans .
All these measures would come in addition to what has already been an unprecedented expansion of lending by the Fed .
The central bank also said it would probably expand the scope of a new program to finance consumer and business lending , which gets under way this week .
In effect , the central bank has been lending money to a wider and wider array of borrowers , and it has financed that lending by using its authority to create new money at will .
Since last September , the Fed ’s lending programs have roughly doubled the size of its balance sheet , to about $ 1.8 trillion , from $ 900 billion .
The actions announced on Wednesday are likely to expand that to well over $ 3 trillion over the next year .
Despite a trickle of encouraging data in the last few weeks ,
Fed officials were clearly still worried and in no mood to cut back on their emergency efforts .
Fed policy makers sharply reduced their economic forecasts in January , predicting that the economy would continue to experience steep contractions for the first half of 2009 , that unemployment could approach 9 percent by the end of the year and that there was at least a small risk of a drop in consumer prices like those that Japan experienced for nearly a decade .
Mission of the Year Award
The Mission of the Year award went to Hyper - Angular Rainbow Polarimeter ( HARP )
Earth and Space Institute at UMBC and Space Dynamics Lab at Utah State University
The People ’s Choice award went to Quetzal 1
Universidad del Valle de Guatemala ( UVG )
The Global Warming Policy Foundation ( GWPF ) , the thinktank set up last November " to bring reason , integrity and balance to a debate that has become seriously unbalanced , irrationally alarmist , and all too often depressingly intolerant " , goes from strength to strength , it would seem .
Just a few days after its chairman , Nigel Lawson , and director , Benny Peiser , appeared before the science and technology select committee to answer questions about the inquiry into the climate science emails hacked from the University of East Anglia , a job advert for a new assistant director has appeared on the House of Commons internal jobs listings website .
We are looking for a highly motivated , young man or woman with strong verbal and written communication skills .
Strong grounding in economics is highly desirable but not essential .
The assistant director plans , organises , and co-directs the day - to - day operations of the GWPF .
He or she assists the director in maintaining good communications with the media , the GWPF 's academic advisors , trustees and members , and will be working closely with Lord Lawson , former chancellor of the exchequer , former secretary of state for energy , and chairman of the GWPF .
The role of assistant director is an outstanding opportunity for a young graduate to help shape the discussion on current and future climate policies and to develop more cost - effective climate policies .
Essential requirements of the position : • Good research skills and academic ability ;
• Good understanding of economics ;
• Good knowledge and skills in organisational management ;
• Good written and spoken English ;
• Strong commitment to the GWPF 's mission and goals ;
• Good verbal communication , presentation and networking skills ;
• Good skills in planning , analysing and coordinating activities and establishing priorities .
I have two thoughts on this job ad .
I 'm no HR expert , but might it not have benefited from an extra criterion ?
Something along the lines of : " Good understanding of climate science . "
Peiser is clearly a very busy man these days , what with being near - omnipresent in the broadcast studios as the GWPF director and keeping up with his day job as a social anthropologist at Liverpool John Moores University , so one can perhaps understand his delay in responding to Bob Ward 's reasonable request for clarification over why the GWPF 's website is still displaying a somewhat wonky temperature graph on its masthead .
Perhaps this is a task for his new assistant ?
The other thought I had was that if the GWPF is as keen on " maintaining good communications with the media " as it says it is , perhaps it could start by answering the one burning question that has been asked of it since the very first day it opened its door for business ?
Who is funding it ?
I asked Nigel Lawson this very question myself last November and received much the same response as he gave to the science and technology committee last week :
Q15 Graham Stringer : Can you tell us how your organisation is funded ?
We have had an email this morning saying that you have not been transparent in the funding of your organisation .
Lord Lawson of Blaby : I do not think that is within your terms of reference .
I am happy to answer it , but we have got quite a lot to do which is within the terms of reference .
Q16 Chairman : Could you just answer it very briefly ?
Lord Lawson of Blaby :
We have donations from private individuals and private charitable trusts .
That is how we are financed .
We have one absolutely strict rule : we will not accept any money at all from the energy industry or anyone who has any significant interest in the energy industry .
Q17 Graham Stringer :
In one sense you are right , it is not within our terms of reference , but this is a very fraught and vexed question and there is distrust on both sides , so it is better to be clear .
Is there a list of your donors available ?
Lord Lawson of Blaby : No , like most thinktanks , not all but like most , we do not publish a list , because if donors wish to remain anonymous , for whatever reasons , perfectly good reasons , then it is their privilege .
I am very happy for them to be published .
Q18 Dr Evan Harris :
That is strange , because Sense about Science , which is an organisation we hear from a lot , publish all their donors , because they are often accused of being partisan .
Would it not be a good idea for you to adopt that rule ; otherwise people might have concerns ?
Lord Lawson of Blaby :
We are absolutely clean .
I would be very happy to see the names of all our donors published , I can assure you , it would be very , very good , but if they wish to remain anonymous , for whatever reason , maybe they have other family members who take a different view and they do not want to have a row within the family , maybe they do not want a whole lot of other people asking them for money -
Q19 Chairman :
The short answer is you are not giving us the names .
Lord Lawson of Blaby :
This is the one in football .
It is called playing the man and not the ball .
You get a yellow card for that .
Q20 Chairman : Lord Lawson , you are not going to give us those .
Lord Lawson of Blaby : No , when the annual report comes we will ask our donors if they wish to be named .
Some may ; some may not .
This important question is clearly going to hang over the GWPF and raise doubts about its agenda until it chooses to answer it in detail .
Slippery , undefined statements such as " we do not accept gifts from anyone with a significant interest in an energy company " will always lead to suspicion when operating in such a distrustful environment .
What , say , does the GWPF mean exactly by vague terms such as " significant " ?
It would seem from the exchange above that Nigel Lawson accepts the point that full transparency is the only way to achieve the trust of its critics and the wider public .
The GWPF is asking no less of climate scientists , of course .
So why not nip this all in the bud right now by saying the GWPF will only accept donations from those who are willing to have their names listed publicly ?
Meanwhile , anyone interested in applying for the post should send a covering letter and CV to info@thegwpf.org .
Surprise !
Most students use Wikipedia at some point during their research on a paper or project , and they usually do so early on in the process .
Online peer - reviewed journal First Monday recently published the findings of its research on student Wikipedia use and said that the service often serves as a starting point for the students who use it , allowing them to gather information for further investigation elsewhere .
This is despite the fact that their professors still frown on Wikipedia use — but it seems that students believe what their profs do n't know wo n't hurt them .
The research was done as part of Project Information Literacy ( PIL ) out of the University of Washington .
Researchers included data from focus groups across seven university campuses in the US as well as survey responses from six campuses .
What they found was that a full three - quarters of students use Wikipedia at least occasionally , with 30 percent of the group saying they always use it when performing their own research .
Thirteen percent used it rarely and only nine percent said they never used Wikipedia ( mysteriously , three percent said they did n't know whether they used it or not ) .
The reasons for Wikipedia use are n't very much of a reach .
Eighty - two percent of the students surveyed said they went to Wikipedia for background information or a summary about a topic , often using it as a way to get started on further research ( 76 percent ) .
" Students reported they could not begin their research process until they had an idea of what they were going to write about .
They did not think that they could approach an instructor about an assignment , until they knew more about their topic , " reads the report .
" Wikipedia was a convenient go - to source under these circumstances .
The source delivered results students could act upon , allowing them to get unstuck and move forward . "
It 's clear , however , that students are aware of the limitations of Wikipedia .
Only 17 percent said they used Wikipedia because they felt it was more credible than other websites , and that 's not even including more academic research materials .
A very heavy majority ( 97 percent ) still referred to course readings to get background on a topic , as well as scholarly research databases ( 93 percent ) .
Additionally , students are aware of the stigma against using Wikipedia — so much so that they avoid telling their professors that it was included in the research process at all .
" Sure , I use Wikipedia just to get a taste , even though my professors say not to , " one focus group participant said .
Indeed , the PIL report says that most students simply avoid citing Wikipedia after having used it to get off on the right foot .
Wikipedia 's role in higher education has always been a hotly debated topic , with a large majority of instructors expressing a very negative view of the service .
This is despite the fact that some experts have rated Wikipedia 's overall accuracy higher than regular Joes on the street , following a highly publicized study that rated Wikipedia and Encyclopedia Britannica around the same level of accuracy .
As long as students are aware of the limitations — and it certainly seems that they are — the PIL study seems to indicate that their usage behaviors are pretty safe .
SAN FRANCISCO – The week beginning Feb. 22 featured commemorations , vigils and protests as our nation hit the 1,000 mark in American military deaths from the war and occupation in Afghanistan .
Tellingly , in the more than eight years of the war , almost one - third of the thousand deaths , 317 , took place last year , and fatalities this year are on a pace to be even more .
Simply put , troop surge equals death surge .
In the San Francisco Bay Area , Feb. 23 saw the American Friends Service Committee ( AFSC – the Quakers ) ally with the local chapter of Veterans For Peace to hold a vigil in front of the Veterans Memorial Building on Van Ness Avenue at McAllister in the city .
The names of all 1,000 U.S. dead were read , along with the names of 123 Afghan civilians .
“ For Afghans the exact numbers of casualties are unknown , ” said Sandra Schwartz , AFSC executive director and coordinator of the vigil .
“ Civilians are increasingly caught in the crossfire .
Surveys from the United Nations show that last year marked the highest number of civilian deaths and the highest number of children being killed . ”
Quakers , veterans and others held large placards covered with postcards – each with the name of a deceased soldier written on a “ dog tag . ”
The reverse side held an appeal to local Congresswoman Nancy Pelosi to oppose more funding for the ever - expanding war , pointing out that by the end of 2010 troop levels are on track to double to 100,000 .
See TV Channel 2 coverage of the vigil .
Other local events included a Feb. 24 noon CodePink action at a Marine recruiter station in Berkeley .
Also that day , Courage to Resist , a vets - based GI resistance group , held a 2 p.m. event at the United Methodist Church in Oakland .
Photo : Judith Sandoval
Plasticity — the brain ’s ability to change in response to external input — is critical for most cognitive functions , including learning and memory .
Those changes usually involve a strengthening or weakening of synapses , the connections between brain cells ( neurons ) .
MIT neuroscientists have now found that a single protein , known as Arc , appears to control neurons ’ ability to strengthen and weaken their synapses by regulating the number of neurotransmitter receptors on their surfaces .
The finding could help researchers identify new drug targets for Fragile X and Angelman syndromes — inherited forms of mental retardation that have been linked to deficits of Arc .
“ The more we understand the chain of cellular events that Arc is involved in , the more we can identify particular targets where we could intervene , ” says Mriganka Sur , head of MIT ’s Department of Brain and Cognitive Sciences ( BCS ) .
Sur and Mark Bear , the Picower Professor of Neuroscience , are senior authors of a paper on the work that appeared in the March 14 online edition of Nature Neuroscience .
Jason Shepherd , co-lead author of the paper and a postdoctoral associate in Bear ’s lab , began studying Arc as a grad student at Johns Hopkins University .
He and his colleagues showed that Arc weakens synapses by removing receptors for glutamate , a neurotransmitter that stimulates neuron activity , from neuron cell membranes .
They also discovered that when the Arc gene is turned off in mice , they lose their ability to form long - term memories .
In the new study , Shepherd and co-lead author Cortina McCurry , a recent PhD recipient in BCS , did a series of experiments designed to pinpoint the role of Arc in the visual cortex of mice .
They started with a classic experimental setup that involves sealing one eye for two days , depriving the eye of visual input .
In normal mice , this strengthens synapses in the part of the cortex receiving input from the open eye , and weakens them in cortical cells wired to the closed eye .
Shepherd and McCurry performed their experiments on mice with a mutation in the Arc gene that renders the protein ineffective .
Because of Arc ’s known role in weakening synapses , they expected mice without Arc not to show any synaptic weakening from the closed eye .
That prediction came true , but to the researchers ’ surprise , they found that the synaptic strengthening normally seen from the open eye also disappeared .
“ If you knock out the gene , you do n’t get either response , ” says Shepherd .
“ The brain is not responsive at all to the changes in sensory input .
” They observed the same lack of plasticity in studies of Arc - deficient mice that were repeatedly exposed to the same visual stimulus ( for example , a horizontal bar ) , which normally provokes neurons to enhance their response to that particular stimulus .
The results suggest that Arc has an indirect role in inserting glutamate receptors in the cell membrane , as well as its previously known role in removing them , according to the researchers .
“ It ’s remarkable to find one single gene and its protein to be so responsible ” in different types of plasticity , says Sur .
While others have shown in experiments with neurons that Arc appears to have a role in both suppressing and stimulating synapses , this paper is the first to demonstrate the effect in living animals , says Hey - Kyoung Lee , associate professor of biology at the University of Maryland , who was not involved in the research .
“ The current paper clearly shows that Arc plays a critical role in shaping cortical synapses with sensory experience , ” she says .
Shepherd is now planning experiments to image the Arc protein in single cells in the visual cortex .
He also plans to further investigate the protein ’s role in Fragile X and Angelman syndromes .
Tom Henderson , aka Mathpunk on Twitter , is a mathematics lecturer at Portland State University and an improve comedian with the group The Light Finger Five .
He edits mathpunk.net and is co-host of the podcast Math for Primates ( with scientist and professional weightlifter graduate student and competitive weight lifter Nick Horton ) .
He received the Pandora Award ( Bronze ) from Chris DiBona , Open Source Program Manager for Google , for his participation in the game Superstruct .
Klint Finley :
What does it mean to be a ( or , rather THE ) “ mathpunk ” ?
Tom Henderson : Ha !
Okay .
When I was maybe 20 years old , my high school girlfriend was telling me about a punk band called “ Green Dave . ”
I told her that I found punk to be totally unimpressive , because it was a musical genre that , near as I could tell , was founded upon not knowing how to play your instrument .
She set me straight .
The point of punk , she said , was that ANYone could get the experience of being in a band , of performing in front of peers , of expressing yourself , without there being a prerequisite to participate .
This blew my mind , and it was that conversation that turned me from a nascent douchebag into a self - aware poser .
Later , a girlfriend who had honest - to - god Southern California punk credibility — this was the time that The Offspring was getting radio play so , what , she was probably most deep in the hardcore scene ? — got me interested in the music , and explained to me that punks could be astronomers or Shakespeare devotees with no clash .
( Pardon the pun . )
So , these things are tucked into my brain .
Later , I move to Portland .
I move to Portland with the extensive plan of “ take math classes until head blows up , or degree achieved . ”
This is the first serious long - term plan I ’ve ever had .
I figure , Shit , I ’m a guy with long term plans now ?
I need to re-roll my character sheet .
I start with appearance ( self - aware poser ) , and ramp up the mathematical angle , to cobble together a philosophy of punk rock mathematics .
It is this :
1 ) People use the average Joe ’s poor mathematics as a way to control , exploit , and numerically fuck him over .
2 ) Mathematics is the subject in which , regardless of what the authorities tell you is true , you can verify every last iota of truth , with a minimum of equipment .
Therefore , if you are concerned with the empowerment of everyday people , and you believe that it ’s probably a good idea to be skeptical of authority you could do worse than to develop your skills at being able to talk math in such a way that anyone can ask questions , can express curiosity , can imagine applying it in the most weird - ass off - the - wall ways possible .
This does not entirely mesh well with the actual practice of learning mathematics , because that is mostly time spent alone or in small groups being very very confused almost all the time , but it ’s still the bullseye I keep in mind .
You know , it dovetails with the improv comedy thing …
In improv , I ’m guided entirely by audience reaction .
It ’s possible to improvise toward interest in a mathematical discussion in roughly the same way .
In a nutshell , what is the problem with math education in the US ?
I have no idea .
Let me instead describe the attitude that students have that is problematic , and you can reconstruct what must be wrong with it from that angle .
“ Show me the steps . ”
Many students want teachers to “ show me the steps . ”
They want a sequence of steps that they can perform that will give them an answer .
This is not unreasonable ; they know that their performance on exams , and therefore their performance on the All - Seeing Grade Point Average , is largely determined by being able to Do The Steps .
But “ The Steps ” are cargo cult mathematics .
The Steps are seeing the sorts of symbols that count as “ right ” , and trying to replicate that dance of steps .
It turns out that the easiest thing in the world is to look at a student ’s work , and tell the difference between “ Knows what ’s going on , made mistakes and dozed off ” vs. “ Can memorize steps , has no idea what ’s going on . ”
Now , the way that I explain mathematics , it sort of looks like I ’m torturing the poor bastards .
I handwave .
I refer to certain groupings of symbols as “ Alphabet soup ” and write it down as a wild scribble with one or two symbols around it .
Because I ’m trying to avoid showing The Steps and instead show them enough of The Idea that they can reconstruct what the steps MUST be .
Many students want to know the formulas , so that they can float them on top of their short - term memory , ace the exam , and then skim them off .
Why do they want to know that ?
Probably because , for their entire mathematical careers , math has been a sequence of Steps , and if they get them wrong , they get red pen , bad grades , No No No Look What You Did .
Plus , bonus , there is no apparent relevance of these algorithms other than To Get The Answer .
What ’s wrong with math education in the US ?
What ’s wrong is , Whatever it is that makes my students uninterested in learning any more math than is required to minimize feeling stupid .
So that we ’re clear , lots of my students are totally awakened to the interesting weirdnesses of mathematics .
But , it takes some doing , and I ca n’t do it by myself .
Hence the podcasts and the lunatic twitter stream and the plans for TV shows and online games and godknowswhat else .
I ’m trying to get across that if you are highly motivating , if you have a high degree of fire and “ Fuck yeah ! ” and “ What , that ’s impossible , but true ! ” , you can get students to express interest in theorems named after dead Hungarians .
I ’ve always been “ bad at math ” ( and things I see as related : chemistry , physics , mechanics , etc . )
Is there any hope for me ( for example , have I just had bad math education in the past ? ) , or is it an unchangeable function of how my brain works ?
That ’s the real question , is n’t it ?
And I ’m totally unqualified to answer it because I ’m “ good at math . ”
I tell students that “ Math will wait for you until you are ready . ”
One of the best Einstein quotes in this regard is the one where he says , “ It ’s not that I ’m so smart ; it ’s that I stay with the problem longer . ”
Well , have you had students who have been able to turn that around ?
Go from being “ bad at math ” to being really into it ?
Yes .
Let me tell you a theory about math knowledge .
A mathematical concept can be expressed in symbols ( algebra ) , in pictures ( geometry and diagrams ) , verbally , and numerically .
This is a common theory ; my additional spin is that math knowledge also exists as a performative concept .
Like , the way that I direct the attention of the students ( “ If you ignore this alphabet soup for a minute , you can see it ’s really just a product of two things … ” )
Or , the way I will use physicality .
Like , the other week , I climbed onto the chair and then onto the desk while I was trying to explain slope .
ANYway , the theory goes that you do n’t understand a mathematical concept until you understand it in TWO modalities .
I do very well with visual knowledge , so my notes of understanding are full of color and pictures and mindmaps and arrows linking concepts , and I highlight the holy hell out of math books .
However , I do n’t believe I KNOW a concept until I can explain it verbally , because I can barely understand anything if someone just talks it at me .
First swipe is through my best modality , second swipe is through my worst modality .
The whole “ learning style ” thing may be overstated , but it remains true that getting students to understand things in a variety of modalities seems like the way to go .
Maybe they do n’t get the picture .
So you ask them many verbal questions .
( Questions , not explanations , 99 % of the time . )
I do n’t know if you saw the article I posted here at Technoccult a few weeks back , but it looks like the whole “ learning style ” thing is complete bunk .
Which makes sense , I mean who really “ learns best ” by having someone lecture at them for hours or reading a book with no illustrations anything ?
There may be some people who CAN learn that way but I do n’t know if anyone really learns best that way .
But yeah , multiple modalities always seems like a good way to go .
Sure , maybe .
But as a teacher I have to do something , and those somethings may as well be grouped by , “ What things do I need to prepare ?
Should I work out a lot of pictures , a lot of numerical ‘ recall this fact …’ , a strong narrative for the problem at hand ? ”
You know ?
It ’s like … all this shit is imaginary .
Mathematics is like unicorn anatomy .
You imagine this thing , and it does n’t exist , yet it still comes with facts .
I know how many legs a unicorn has .
So , if you ’re trying to imagine a thing that does n’t exist you can use multiple modalities like tweezers —
“ The thing is n’t a picture , but here ’s what a picture of it would be like .
It ’s not a verbal thing , but here ’s the best we ’ve got . ”
The real thing is the underlying Platonic concept .
Post - Platonic ?
Now I wanna go make Xeroxes of Plato with his eyes X’d out .
Thanks , punk - rock atemporality !
Whoa , tangent .
Let me expand briefly on one thing I know is wrong , and I hope that a networked learning environment can fix .
Networked learning might — might ! — solve the example problem .
Students need familiar examples , but what is familiar is different to different students .
I ’m hoping that we can teach the web to send people the right example .
You ’re the co-host of the podcast Math for Primates .
What ’s the purpose of the podcast , and who is your target audience ?
Math for Primates started from the concept that there are certain things that humans are always interested in .
Really , they like other humans .
That ’s the best thing .
The internet used to just be a box with text , but once there was a critical mass of social information on it , it was a box with people inside !
We love looking into boxes that have people in ’em !
So , the concept I pitched to Nick was , “ Let ’s talk about math from the platform of ‘ Math that humans are likely to want to know , because it ’s about other humans ' ”
Social conflict .
Sex .
Beauty .
It gives us an excuse to talk extensively about game theory .
And , game theory is a key place to teach humans mathematics , because we seem to have some optimized “ cheat detection ” in our brains .
Let me give you an example , it ’s something like , uh …
There are four face - down cards on a table .
There is a rule : “ If the number showing is even , then the back of the card MUST have a vowel . ”
Now , given an E , 3 , 8 , D , what is the smallest number of cards you need to flip over to verify that the rule is being followed ?
Maybe I fucked up the puzzle .
But , anyway , the answer as I ’ve phrased it is NOT E and 3 .
You need to make sure that 8 has a vowel on the back , and you need to make sure that D does NOT have an even number on the back .
Everyone gets this wrong , basically .
Well , non-mathematicians always do , and I ’m pretty sure I got it wrong because I get every answer wrong on the first try .
Punk as fuck .
Now , if you ask the same people a logically equivalent question : “ You see four people .
Two are drinking beer and two are drinking coke .
Whose IDs do you have to check ? ”
No one says you have to check the ID of the coke drinker .
Because who cares how old they are ?
If it ’s the same puzzle , but phrased as a problem of possible social cheating , we nail it .
Wow .
That ’s interesting .
This is interesting to us .
We think it ’s fascinating that , given just a change of context , people can do logic puzzles more effectively .
So !
We believe that if we put the context of mathematics into social situations , and maybe some other human - centered situations ( like , we want to talk about group theory , but we will try and make it about “ Symmetry ” because that ’s something that human eyes will pluck right out ) .
I have to say , that your podcast has made Game Theory seem a lot more approachable to me .
I used to think of it as something that was mathematical and scary .
And I guess it ’s still mathematical , but it seems entirely approachable and not scary .
Precisely !
The thing about math is , you can only answer yes / no questions .
How many questions in life are really just yes / no and not “ it depends ” ?
Very few .
So , the problems that we can attack in mathematics must be very simple indeed .
It ’s just that they have a large number of component parts sometimes , because we are trying to build a complex and nuanced model out of stuff that is so simple that it admits a “ yes / no ” answer , always .
We are talking about putting together an entire mathematical text starting from game theory as the first principles .
Start with relatively simple social games that we can understand .
Simplify them until they admit mathematical analysis .
Now , introduce the minimal set of tools to solve this problem .
That ’d be great .
Because what still scares me away game theory is knowing that most texts are still probably going to be incomprehensible to me .
They may well be .
Do n’t get me wrong , the learning curve is always steep .
I tell my students , “ You say you ’re bad at math , but the truth is , HUMANS are bad at math . ”
It takes a lot of quiet reflection to make any of it make sense .
So , our target audience is , humans .
But , only humans who are willing to be surprised and confused , and who think that paradox is something to be explored rather than fled .
But not necessarily humans who already have a strong background in math .
Heavens no .
We have been referred to as taking the “ Beavis and Butt - Head approach to higher mathematics . ”
And we are very proud of that .
This was coming from someone who hope to have on the show soon , with a doctorate in mathematics and a grown - up job and everything .
On to something completely different …
Can you tell us a little about superstructing and how you got involved with it ?
Deep cleansing breath .
Sure .
Superstructing means to build upon something that is already there , right ?
To extend a structure , build on top of existing structures .
But , when Jane McGonigal and the Institute for the Future use it , they mean something pretty precise : “ Superstructing : A new way of working together , at extreme scales , supported by game platforms and mechanics . ” ”
“ Extreme scale ” means that an individual working alone for 5 minutes should be able to contribute to a project .
But it also means that in principle you might be taking on some enormous problem space to explore collaboratively .
And you ’ll need hundreds of person - hours .
The game platforms and mechanics provide the support .
If you define some huge problem … ok , what do you do ?
The designer of a good and superstruct -y game - for - good will have clear missions , things that you can do , ways to compete and cooperate .
For points , for gear , for social status , whatever .
The idea is that you can use game mechanics to extend human capabilities so that they are able to achieve goals that previously it would take a whole institution to do but you do it in such a way that you can also extend the power of extant institutions with the networked abilities of social primates .
The individuals form a network and get stronger .
The institutions get large numbers of humans thinking and sharing and communicating , and get smarter .
You ’ve superstructed , built on what is there .
How I got involved : I ’ve been wrestling with knowledge management for years .
I have several linear feet of journals full of mindmaps , but , y’know , you ca n’t grep dead trees .
Back when I was trying to use a file cabinet for knowledge management ( ha ha ha ha ) I tucked the printout of an NPR transcript ( ha ha ha ) into a file marked “ Ludology ” , because I was getting interested in play and games .
It included an interview with performance and games researcher , Jane McGonigal .
I ’m pretty sure that this must have been after ILoveBees , the ARG she designed for the Halo launch .
Anyway , serendipity led me to clean out the hideous file cabinet , I see the Ludology file , I check to see what this McGonigal person is up to , and I find her New Yorker talk .
TOTAL HEAD EXPLODEY
I suddenly felt totally okay about playing EverQuest for three years and stacking up pizza boxes to my sternum , because , hell , there are lots of ways of getting in worse trouble living off Hollywood Blvd when you ’re 23 .
“ Ah ha !
I was doing research on early gameplay and networked collaboration !
How wise of me ! ”
And , lo and behold , she was starting a new game called Superstruct .
I played the game , drank the Kool - Aid , got the t- shirt .
( I ’m wearing it now , in fact . )
So what did you do as part of Superstruct ?
I wanted to simultaneously win the game , and help it realize the potential I saw in Jane ’s Big Idea .
The first problem was that the interface was very bad .
It would log you out constantly , it was hard to search , it was hard to keep track of what you had done so that you could nurture it .
It was totally gorgeous , the design was beautiful , but the functionality was not what the really hardcore lunatic Super - Empowered Hopeful Individuals ( SEHIs ) needed in order to shine .
Filter failure , basically .
I remember taking a look at it from time to time and giving up within minutes of hitting the site .
I could n’t figure out how the hell to participate .
Right , that ’s because when Global Extinction Awareness System released the report , it woke up a swarm of No Future assholes who did their best to disrupt the site .
( Possibly government operatives were involved ; one storyline got a researcher in jail due to the riots after the report came out .
[ No one was arrested in real life – .ed ] )
So , I decided that the interface itself was like our first boss fight .
In - game , there was a story line of all the shenanigans that dedicated hackers and griefers can do …
So , obviously , the SEHIs needed to save the project by duplicating efforts on more resilient networks .
I did not have the technical skills necessary to do exciting things , so what I did was tried to locate anyone who might help the interface be improved , and do the best social engineering I could manage .
Foundation ( who is in Portland ) wrote a screen - scraper that would relog in as often as necessary , so he could scrape the site and get interesting information .
He was able to use this tool to send mass messages ; I suggested that what we needed was to wake up the SEHIs who were clearly interested but maybe turned off by the site .
So , we identified all SEHIs who had a minimal amount of activity ( “ Has joined a superstructure ” ) and sent them a “ secret ” message .
Basically , we told them how bad ass they were ( “ You are the CORE SEHIs ” ) , and where they could find additional off - site resources .
That ’s the thing that I was really proud of .
The project would n’t be good without lots of active people , and we did what we could to try and maintain excitement and intrigue in the face of a somewhat boring “ There are no RSS feeds ! ” obstacle .
I also delivered an address from Open Source Scientists which people liked a lot .
That was fun .
I felt like people were n’t bringing their A game , so I basically told everyone , “ I ’m offering a resource as a prize for you to do something , and I think I will win this game even if I give you that prize . ”
It was cocky and snarky , and I got to show off my alarmingly large forehead .
What I really wanted to do was some data visualization so that we could reduce redundancies .
Lots of people had really great solutions , but some of those solutions were duplicated .
I envisioned hundreds of superstructures circling each other like marine organisms , infecting and eating and mating with each other .
Alas , I did not have the skills , nor the data .
So as to remedy that I ’m teaching myself Python and regular expressions for the next data analysis project that arrives .
Once I know what I do n’t know about social network analysis and random graph theory and data mining , I ’ll have a clear path toward datamancy : being able to convert information on what people are doing into game - able decision points .
Really , I just want to be able to look at people doing cool interesting things collaboratively , through a lens of computation , make a pretty picture , and strategize from there .
Maybe it will even work !
Sounds good .
I think we can call it a wrap unless you have more …
Just one more thing .
Tell everyone to go sign up for Evoke !
Will do !
I think I ’ll give Evoke a shot this time .
From what I can tell , it ’s got the secret sauce from Superstruct , packaged in a way that will make a jillion times more clear how to participate .
( Jillion being a technical math term . )
And , it ’s about resilience , entrepreneurship , and helping other primates — it ’s what the world needs !
How many zillions in a jillion ?
A jillion is a squintillion with a zillion zeroes at the end .
Glad I could clarify that .
By Simon Johnson
It would be easy to take relatively cheap shots at the portrayal of Tim Geithner — “ we saved the economy but kind of lost the public doing it ” — in the New Yorker , out today .
Mr. Geithner is quoted as saying , “ Some on the left have fallen into a trap set by the Republicans , allowing voters to mistakenly think that the biggest part of the bank bailout had come under Obama rather Bush . ”
Mr. Geithner should know – as he spearheaded the saving of banks and other financial institutions under both Bush and Obama .
In fact , it ’s the continuation of George Bush ’s policies by other means that really has erstwhile Obama supporters upset .
“ I think there are some in the Democratic Party that think Tim and Larry are too conservative for them and that the President is too receptive to our advice . ”
Probably this is linked to the fact that Tim Geithner is not a Democrat .
Geithner also suggests that his critics compare government spending on different kinds of programs under President Obama : “ By any measure , the Main Street stuff dwarfs the Wall Street stuff . ”
This insults our intelligence .
Wall Street created a massive crisis and we consequently lost 8 million jobs ; any responsible government would have tried hard to offset this level of damage with all available means .
This includes fiscal measures that will end up increasing out privately held government debt , as a percent of GDP , by around 40 percentage points .
It ’s not the fiscal stimulus , broadly defined , that is Mr. Geithner ’s problem – it ’s the lack of accountability for the bankers and politicians who got us into this mess .
But the Geithner issues reflected here run much deeper .
The New Yorker ’s John Cassidy alludes to these but he may be too subtle .
Here ’s the less subtle version .
What exactly was the “ Geithner stabilization plan ” that frames the article – and is the basis for Secretary Geithner claiming to have saved anything ?
We are not really talking about the much vaunted but little used toxic asset / loan purchase program ( the “ PPIP ” ) .
“ The plan ” here means essentially the stress tests designed by Treasury and run by the Fed – which brought some transparency to banks ’ balance sheets , but which also used a relatively benign “ stress scenario ” ( watch commercial real estate , residential mortgages , and credit card losses now unfold ) .
The main feature of the plan , of course , was – following the stress tests – to communicate effectively that there was a government guarantee behind every major bank or quasi - bank in the United States .
Of course this works in the short - term – investors like such guarantees .
But there ’s a good reason we usually do n’t guarantee all financial institutions – or act happy when other countries do the same .
Unconditional bailouts lead to trouble , encouraging reckless risk - taking and undermining responsible governance .
You ca n’t run any form of reasonable market system when some big players hold “ get out of bankruptcy free ” cards .
All crises end – this is actually Larry Summers ’s famous line .
We avoided a Great Depression primarily because , compared with 1929 - 31 , we have a government sector that is large relative to the economy – and which does not collapse when credit goes into freefall .
What exactly did the Obama administration do in ending the crisis that a Clinton or McCain administration – or even Bush – would not have done ?
The most plausible answer is : Nothing .
Geithner insists , according to John Cassidy , that the Obama administration has “ proposed the biggest regulatory overhaul in seventy - five years . ”
This is the worst conceit .
The sad and unfortunate truth is quite the opposite – because Mr. Geithner and his colleagues refused to seize the moment and did n’t break the economic and political power of anyone who mattered , they have doomed us to re-run the same horrible credit loop as before .
Legislation may tweak the details , but the regulation and control of systemic risk remains just as weak as before .
Is the Secretary of the Treasury completely unaware that our biggest banks have become even bigger ?
Why does he send out Herb Allison , long - time Merrill Lynch executive , and now an Assistant Secretary to say the US government has “ no too big to fail bailout policy , ” when this is patently not true ?
Why has he reshaped the details of the “ Volcker Rules ” so they are now meaningless ?
In truth , “ too big to fail ” is not the worst thing we should fear – our financial institutions are now on their way to becoming “ too big to save ” .
In 1929 - 30 , even if the federal government had wanted to put in place a big fiscal stimulus , it could only have mounted something around 1 percent of GDP ; the financial shock of that day was much bigger .
Perhaps monetary policy in the early 1930s could have done more , but today we have already pushed “ quantitative easing ” ( meaning that the Federal Reserve buys junk ) beyond recorded limits .
How much do you want to gamble that , next time , the Fed can do enough to save the day without also creating massive collateral damage ?
If we continue to allow banks to grow , as they have over the last 30 years – and did again through the latest boom - bailout - rescue cycle – we head towards a day when Mr. Geithner or his successor will try to save the financial system and will fail .
You might think that is a good thing and for sure it will bring on a big change in creditor attitudes and presumably much stronger regulation .
But , just as in the 1930s , first we will have to dig out from under a lot of economic rubble – and we ’ll lose a lot more than 8 million jobs .
Oh the places you 'll go to eat
adventures in the life of an intrepid eater
The History -
Cameos were present in much of the world 's history .
Their original purpose was utilitarian .
They were mostly used as seals but sometimes they were used as ornamental additions to the ceremonial robes of Roman emperors .
Early cameos were mainly carved in different types of Mediterranean stone .
Carnelian , jasper , chalcedony and a wide variety of colored agates were common choices .
Cameo artists often borrowed from both Roman and Greek mythology when choosing themes .
Much of the earlier work was in the form of intaglios , the reverse of the relief carving we normally identify as cameos .
For many years during the European Renaissance cameos were only worn by royalty .
During this period they were usually carved out of semi-precious stones like onyx , agates and turquoise .
Cameo brooches were placed against black velvet for emphasis and cameo rings were popular as regal and clerical finery .
But no time in history saw the cameo experience a revival more than during the long reign of Britain 's Queen Victoria ( 1837-1901 ) .
Her love of jewelry and particularly the cameo enhanced its popularity and brought it to the attention of the general public .
No longer were cameos exclusively carved in the images of mythological figures .
Flowers became a common motif .
A perfect gift would be to have your own portrait carved in cameo .
At this point , cameo carvers were beginning to be appreciated as true artisans .
As the desire for this type of jewelry grew , means were found to produce them more quickly and inexpensively .
Eventually it was found that creating a cameo on shell or lava offered an alternative that brought it into the mainstream by making it affordable .
The Technique -
Cameos are all about layers .
The carver selects the medium to be carved , sketches an outline in pencil of his chosen theme and begins the process .
Very sharp steel gravers are used .
These usually have a handle that fits the hand of the carver to ensure precision .
Usually the lighter layer of the stone or shell is used for the cameo figure , the remainder carved away to expose the darker area .
This provides the contrast .
Once the desired intricacies are attained , the piece is carefully polished with oil and wiped clean .
Cameos come in all shapes and sizes but the oval was and still is the most popular .
The finished piece is often framed in gold .
A gold metal ribbon or bezel is wrapped around the perimeter and folded over the edge of the cameo .
Some are further decorated with filigree patterns or gems .
Creating a unique and individual work of art is the desired goal .
Of course today cameos are often made with lasers in their initial stages .
But the more intricate details can only be finished by hand maintaining the art as a labor of love .
Dating A Cameo -
One way to date a cameo with accuracy is to examine the frame .
Simpler frames are common to the Victorian pieces while more elaborate jeweled and pearled surrounds indicate a later period .
Older cameos were usually set in brass .
The motif on the cameo can also suggest a timeframe .
Classical themes may have originated in the 18th and 19th century and anonymous female portraits are usually Victorian .
Another clue to the age of a cameo is the medium used .
Shell was used in the Victorian Era. Lava was used in the 17th century and again in the 19th century from Mount Vesuvius .
Glass was used during the Roman period .
The best way to date a cameo is by consulting a professional jeweler .
A jeweler 's loupe can determine the medium and whether the piece was machine made .
Historic Cameos -
GEMMA AUGUSTEA -
It is generally agreed the Gemma Augustea Cameo was carved by Caesar Augustus ' favorite gem cutter , Dioscurides .
It is cut from double - layered Arabian onyx stone .
It is a beautiful piece that stands 7 1/ 2 inches tall , 9 inches wide and 1/2 inch thick .
http://www.gemmarius-sculptor.de/englischinfo5.htm
FARNESE CUP - The Farnese Cup is the largest existing cameo in the world .
The scene on the cameo is set in Egypt and includes the Sphynx .
It is 20 cm , wide .
It is thought to have been made in the 2nd century BC in Hellenistic Egypt .
It is carved in four - layered sardonyx agate .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/45354262@N00/2540523848/
PORTLAND VASE - Many copies have been made of this famous vase .
It is a Roman glass vase generally dated between 5 and 25 BC .
It is 56 inches in circumference and made of violet blue glass .
The white glass cameo on it depicts both humans and gods .
http://www.ancient.eu/article/654/
GONZAGA CAMEO - The Gonzaga Cameo is a Hellenistic engraved gem made out of three layers of Indian sardonyx .
It is generally thought it dates back to the 3rd century BC .
It features a side by side portrait of a man and a woman .
The male and female profiles contrast in color and are thought to suggest images of Zeus and Hera though there is some argument here .
http://ancientrome.ru/art/artworken/img.htm?id=882
Cameo carving is not only a historical art , it is still relevant and treasured to this day .
Here is a link to all things cameo - .
http://www.cameojewelry.com/index.php?p=page&page_id=history
Other Hubs about the art of crafts -
http://hubpages.com/_36otspfnata5l/hub/The-Lost-Art-Of-Tatting
http://hubpages.com/_36otspfnata5l/hub/The-Agreeable-Art-Of-Whittling
Radley Balko has an interesting article in Reason detailing the many abuses of the asset forfeiture system , which often allows police to seize property without compensation – even in cases where the owners have not been convicted of any crime :
Over the past three decades , it has become routine in the United States for state , local , and federal governments to seize the property of people who were never even charged with , much less convicted of , a crime .
Nearly every year , according to Justice Department statistics , the federal government sets new records for asset forfeiture .
And under many state laws , the situation is even worse : State officials can seize property without a warrant and need only show “ probable cause ” that the booty was connected to a drug crime in order to keep it , as opposed to the criminal standard of proof “ beyond a reasonable doubt . ”
Instead of being innocent until proven guilty , owners of seized property all too often have a heavier burden of proof than the government officials who stole their stuff .
Municipalities have come to rely on confiscated property for revenue .
Police and prosecutors use forfeiture proceeds to fund not only general operations but junkets , parties , and swank office equipment .
A cottage industry has sprung up to offer law enforcement agencies instruction on how to take and keep property more efficiently .
As I have argued elsewhere , many such seizures are a fairly blatant violation of the Due Process Clause of the Fourteenth Amendment , which bars state seizures of “ property ” without “ due process of law . ”
In many cases , the authorities hold on to the seized property for months at a time without giving innocent owners any opportunity to contest the seizure whatsoever .
If that is n’t deprivation of property without “ due process , ” it ’s hard to see what is .
The Supreme Court recently passed up an opportunity to curb asset forfeiture abuses in Alvarez v. Smith , which I wrote about in this Findlaw column written before the Court threw out the case on procedural grounds .
Hopefully , the issue will make its way back to the Supremes , and they will see fit to give innocent property owners at least some protection for their constitutional rights .
I am not optimistic that the political process will protect these rights on its own .
As Radley explains , police departments and prosecutors in many areas have a vested interest in perpetuating these practices .
In addition , most of the people whose property is seized in this way are relatively poor and lacking in political influence .
There have been a few modest reforms over the years .
But for reasons Radley outlines , they have only addressed a small part of the problem .
I woke up this morning with a to - do list a mile long .
Baking a St. Pattys Day Cake was NOT on my list .
Yet here I am , sharing anyway .
I think I need a baking intervention .
I can just see it !
My family and freinds will assemble in my kitchen ...
" Amanda , step away from the baking soda .
Good girl .
Drop that room temperature butter !
No , you do not need to blend it until its fluffy ...
No , no , just step back from the sifter ... close the recipe book ... good , good ... we 're making progress . "
Anywho .
I had grand designs of green fondant shamrocks all over this little cake .
That seemed like a lot of work .
So I just used a little royal icing and make a shape somewhat resembling a shamrock .
Not bad for seven minutes of hard icing labor .
But here is the fun part !!
I have been wanting to do this graduating color scheme for a while now ... and finally made it happen today !
I like it but I would do it differently next time ... start out with less coloring on the first layer , maybe even start with white ?
And definitely do a less ...uh ... green color .
Something about green cake just doesnt inspire hunger in me !
So its back to the drawing board for me ... are you making anything fun for St. Patty 's Day ?
***************
Before anyone says , how did you do that ?
Here is a QUICK run down .
I separated my batter into 7 bowls ( 1/2 cup per bowl )
Then added one drop food coloring to the first bowl , two to the second , three to the third , and so on .
( in the future I would start out with MUCH less coloring )
Had the kids help me mix the colors , then baked each bowl separate in a 6 inch .
round pan .
( yes , I know there are more then seven drops in the last bowl , I was not being very precise )
Took them out of the oven , cooled , then stacked from darkest to lightest and then covered in frosting .
Next time , I will do it a bit different and might even do a decent tutorial . :)
Nick Levasseur , a Democratic State Representative from New Hampshire , managed to simultaneously offend anime fans , people of Japanese descent , and general decency with the following joke : “ Anime is a prime example of why two nukes was n’t enough , ” which he posted on Facebook .
Levasseur confirmed that he had made joke when he responded to Otaku Review ’s queries :
I would like to deeply apologize for the insensitivity of this post .
It was a poorly thought out comment , posted jest on my private facebook page .
It was never intended to be viewed by anyone other than friends .
This , of course , does not excuse the comment .
This type of statement has no place in public or private discourse .
It does not represent any true opinion , political or personal .
My record in the New Hampshire House shows a commitment to equality and social justice .
It is a record of which I am most proud .
This comment is a disappointment not only to the people of New Hampshire , whom it has been my privilege to serve , but also to my own beliefs and moral code .
On the one hand : give Levasseur a little credit for owning up to his words and for apologizing .
On the other : he said something pretty awful , and the “ this was just for my friends ” argument does n’t cut it for public figures ; especially in the modern era of social media , those boundaries are blurrier and blurrier .
If Levasseur is sincere in his apology , he still has a long way to go in mending his relationship with his Asian - American constituents .
( via Reddit )
Have a tip we should know ?
tips@themarysue.com
I found time last week for a couple of rounds at the best golf course in the world , Royal Dornoch , where I am a proud member .
It had been closed for a month because of the lingering snow but opened again the day we arrived .
Records show that golf was first played on the links near the Dornoch Firth as early as 1616 , making it the third - oldest course in the world after St Andrews and Leith .
It 's like going to a Rolling Stones concert - they 've been doing their stuff for so long , they just know how to put on a great show .
This is n't one of those dreadful Jack Nicklaus - designed courses that ordinary mortals play once and never return .
Nobody was let loose with a bulldozer here .
Rolling terrain , sandy soil , no trees , spectacular views and certainly no bloody man-made lakes .
Royal Dornoch is a subtle masterpiece designed by God .
Ask anyone .
But the Bank of England had produced its latest Inflation Report , which contains the MPC's UK economic forecasts for both growth and inflation .
So I got up at 5 am Florida time to watch the press conference on the internet , having arrived back from Europe the previous night .
I was particularly struck by how gloomy Mervyn King was , despite his apparently invigorating ride on a dogsled in Iqaluit , in Arctic Canada , at the G7 meeting a few days earlier , where he was photographed dressed as a penguin .
Theory out of thin air
The latest inflation numbers , published on 16 February , showed that the consumer price index rose by 3.5 per cent , driven primarily by petrol prices and the increase in VAT from 15 per cent to 17.5 per cent .
This meant that the Monetary Policy Committee had to write a letter to the Chancellor , Alistair Darling , explaining why inflation is above target .
The letter simply said do n't worry , inflation will fall back down very quickly - and it will .
And Darling , in his published response to the MPC letter , agreed that the rise was just a hiatus .
The MPC 's growth forecast is extremely optimistic , and considerably more so than the one produced recently by the National Institute of Economic and Social Research ( see last week 's NS ) .
If output turns out lower than the MPC forecast , it is likely inflation will be a lot lower .
This would also be the case if there were to be further fiscal tightening over and above what is in the pre-Budget report .
Any such tightening would depress growth , raise unemployment and increase the probability that before two years are up , the MPC will have to write another letter to the Chancellor explaining why inflation is so far below the target .
Its forecast certainly makes it clear to the markets that interest rates are not going to rise any time soon .
In a letter to the Sunday Times on 14 February , 20 academic macroeconomists , including four ex-members of the MPC , suggested that the UK needed a credible medium - term fiscal consolidation to make a sustainable recovery more likely .
They went on to argue : " The exact timing of measures should be sensitive to developments in the economy , particularly the fragility of the recovery . "
It is very hard for anyone to disagree with those statements .
But then the 20 Tory apologists went a step too far into much more dangerous territory .
They argued that , " in order to be credible , the government 's goal should be to eliminate the structural current Budget deficit over the course of a parliament , and there is a compelling case , all else being equal , for the first measures beginning to take effect in the 2010 - 11 fiscal year " .
How do they possibly know this ?
This is just the economics of making things up as you go along .
They have no basis in economics for any such claim about timing , period .
Further , economics has zero to say about whether , if there is tightening , it should be by £ 5 or £ 50 bn .
This is just political opportunism dressed up as economics .
Even though the authors of the letter suggest that there is a " compelling case " for acting swiftly , they provide no basis for such claims , compelling or otherwise .
How do they know , for example , what the economic situation will be in , say , six months ' or 12 months ' time ?
What if there is evidence that the economy has gone into a double dip ; would they just ignore that and proceed regardless ?
What if unemployment got much worse than is forecast ?
How do the 20 know that wo n't happen ?
These are imprudent judgements .
I tell my students that they should always be mindful , when making a policy prescription , that they should concentrate not so much on the advantages if they were right , but , most importantly , on the costs if they were wrong .
The 20 economists ' statement merely shows a lack of understanding of the world as it is .
Proceed with caution
Any businessman would be extremely cautious in taking advice that could drive his firm into bankruptcy , and so should any adviser advocating a policy that could badly exacerbate a recession .
Interestingly , the Labour peer Lord Desai , a signatory of the Sunday Times letter , apparently agrees , arguing in an interview that " obviously during a recession you have to spend extra money , the deficit has to go up to get rid of unemployment .
But once all that has passed us [ my italics ] , we will have to tackle this because we can't go on borrowing money . "
" Once all that has passed us " is right , but it has n't .
The danger of removing stimulus too soon is clear in the economics textbooks , not least because of the work of Christina Romer , chair of President Barack Obama 's Council of Economic Advisers , and Ben Bernanke , chairman of the Federal Reserve .
In the back of every economist 's mind should be what happened in the US in 1937 , when stimulus was removed too early and the economy turned back into a double - dip recession .
In a paper published on 12 February , the IMF 's chief economist , Olivier Blanchard , warned that much thinking by academic macroeconomists leading up to the recession , especially its focus on having one target - inflation - and one instrument to control it - the interest rate - was misplaced .
" What is clear , however , is that the behaviour of inflation is much more complex than is assumed in our simple models and that we understand the relationship between activity and inflation quite poorly . "
No kidding .
It was macroeconomists like this lot who got us into this mess in the first place .
Why trust them now ?
I do n't .
David Blanchflower is Bruce V Rauner Professor of Economics at Dartmouth College , New Hampshire , and the University of Stirling .
Domestic dogs have followed their own evolutionary path , twisting Darwin 's directive ' survival of the fittest ' to their own needs -- and have proved him right in the process , according to a new study by biologists Chris Klingenberg , of The University of Manchester and Abby Drake , of the College of the Holy Cross in the US .
The study , published in The American Naturalist on January 20 , 2010 , compared the skull shapes of domestic dogs with those of different species across the order Carnivora , to which dogs belong along with cats , bears , weasels , civets and even seals and walruses .
It found that the skull shapes of domestic dogs varied as much as those of the whole order .
It also showed that the extremes of diversity were farther apart in domestic dogs than in the rest of the order .
This means , for instance , that a Collie has a skull shape that is more different from that of a Pekingese than the skull shape of the cat is from that of a walrus .
Dr Drake explains : " We usually think of evolution as a slow and gradual process , but the incredible amount of diversity in domestic dogs has originated through selective breeding in just the last few hundred years , and particularly after the modern purebred dog breeds were established in the last 150 years . "
By contrast , the order Carnivora dates back at least 60 million years .
The massive diversity in the shapes of the dogs ' skulls emphatically proves that selection has a powerful role to play in evolution and the level of diversity that separates species and even families can be generated within a single species , in this case in dogs .
Much of the diversity of domestic dog skulls is outside the range of variation in the Carnivora , and thus represents skull shapes that are entirely novel .
advertisement
Dr Klingenberg adds : " Domestic dogs are boldly going where no self respecting carnivore ever has gone before .
" Domestic dogs do n't live in the wild so they do n't have to run after things and kill them -- their food comes out of a tin and the toughest thing they 'll ever have to chew is their owner 's slippers .
So they can get away with a lot of variation that would affect functions such as breathing and chewing and would therefore lead to their extinction .
" Natural selection has been relaxed and replaced with artificial selection for various shapes that breeders favour . "
Domestic dogs are a model species for studying longer term natural selection .
Darwin studied them , as well as pigeons and other domesticated species .
Drake and Klingenberg compared the amazing amount of diversity in dogs to the entire order Carnivora .
They measured the positions of 50 recognizable points on the skulls of dogs and their ' cousins ' from the rest of the order Carnivora , and analyzed shape variation with newly developed methods .
The team divided the dog breeds into categories according to function , such as hunting , herding , guarding and companion dogs .
They found the companion ( or pet ) dogs were more variable than all the other categories put together .
According to Drake , " Dogs are bred for their looks not for doing a job so there is more scope for outlandish variations , which are then able to survive and reproduce . "
Dr Klingenberg concludes : " I think this example of head shape is characteristic of many others and is showing it so clearly , showing what happens when you consistently and over time apply selection .
" This study illustrates the power of Darwinian selection with so much variation produced in such a short period of time .
The evidence is very strong . "
by
Its screen is small , it lacks color and its capabilities are limited .
At a time when newspapers across America were folding , Amazons Kindle put print where people really wanted it – in their pockets .
While its not quite as revolutionary as the iPhone , the iPad will continue this tradition by capitalizing on the fast - growing e-reader market that was forged by Amazon .
And Apples string of hits continues to create new markets and to put money in investors pockets – despite one of the worst economic backdrops in modern history .
However , the company and its public relations prince , Chief Executive Officer Steve Jobs , have achieved near - cult - like status with the companys devout customer base .
Apple essentially reintroduced the netbook , but infused it with the type of touch - screen technology that its perfected with some of its other successes , including the iPhone .
The media buzz that surrounded the launch of the device – branded the iPad – was certainly overstated .
Great Kindle vs iPad Review
Kindle vs iPad Review – iPad advantages
The best way to think of the iPad is as a larger iPhone – one with a 9.7 ? screen .
The iPad ’s advantages are – It does a lot of things – movies ( including HD ) , TV , color screen web browsing , playing games ( games look really good ) , .
Very good looks .
Larger screen size – the screen is a 9.7 inch IPS display .
IPS is really good screen technology .
Full capacitive touch screen .
1 GHz Apple A4 processor .
16 , 32 , and 64 GB of flash storage – That ’s much more storage than the Kindle .
802.11n , WiFi and Bluetooth 2.1 in the 3G model and WiFi and Bluetooth in the WiFi model .
Kindle does n’t have WiFi or Bluetooth .
Accelerometer and Compass .
Kindle does n’t have either .
Good battery life of 10 hours .
Standby of over a month .
This is still much less than the Kindle .
i Phone Apps – iPad gets all iPhone Apps .
The new SDK includes an iPad simulator .
Excellent for newspapers – you get color photos and inline videos and more .
( via @ireadereview ) and ( via @ ShoppingApple )
But CES 2010 showed us that the e-Reader market is anything but slow growing .
This is a comprehensive list for the categories to be compared , but not readers .
After the Windows Phone 7 launch passed without so much as a mention of Project Pink , Microsoft 's other new phone project started to fade into memory .
Today , we can confirm : Pink 's coming , and Verizon 's the carrier .
UPDATE : First live shots .
Advertisement
A tipster passed us a load of 3rd - party marketing materials , in which a promotional plan for Pink is laid out in detail .
( Campaign specifics and most graphics have to be witheld to protect the innocent , but rest assured , they 're legit . )
The documents do n't talk about specs or software details , or more importantly why the hell Microsoft thinks this weird little pebble is a good idea , but there 's plenty we can learn :
• The early Pink renders leaked to us back in September ?
Those are exactly the same ones included in the proposal .
Advertisement
• Of the two phones in prior leaks , only one shows up here : The Turtle vertical slider .
It 's a messaging phone , basically — one part Pre , and two parts Sidekick .
( Or maybe three . )
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
• Verizon is a launch partner for the device , and probably an exclusive carrier .
The branding and marketing in the documents suggests a joint Microsoft / Verizon launch , but another carrier is n't completely out of the question .
Advertisement
• The phones are n't running Windows Phone 7 , unless it 's hidden behind a different interface .
Virtually all rumors around the Pink platform implied as much , and again , this appears to be something fundamentally different .
• Social Networking !
It 's all over the proposal , and presumably , the phone .
• It 's suggested that the platform has apps of some sort .
For a phone like this to share apps with Windows Phone 7 is pretty much impossible — the minimum hardware requirement for a Windows Phone look out of reach for this little black lump — so this one 's a big question mark .
Is it another SDK ?
Or closed app development like we 've seen on the Zune HD ?
Web apps ?
Advertisement
Since the documents come from a party working with Microsoft , and not Microsoft itself , a few things are missing : there 's no mention of a release name for the product ( Pink is the codename we 've been using , but the launch title could be different . ) ; stil no sense at all as to how the interface works ; and no announcement or launch date .
The documents are just days old , and hint at a near - term launch , which would be inline with what we 've been hearing about a second Microsoft phone launch at or around CTIA at the end of this month .
And remember , these are marketing materials , designed to promote a launch , not just an announcement .
In other words , Pink , or whatever the hell it is , will likely beat Windows Phone 7 to market .
So that explains all those Tweets , I guess .
Advertisement
All these missing pieces add up to a massive gap , not just in the phone 's feature sheet , but in our understanding of what it 's supposed to be .
If it 's a replacement for the Sidekick , the obvious question is , is anyone asking for a replacement for the Sidekick ?
If it 's just a Microsoft - branded feature phone , er , why ?
Does n't the future of youth / budget phones all about scaled - back smartphones ( see : Pixi , Backflip ) , and not glorified feature phones ?
Advertisement
UPDATE : More insiders have come forward , and now we have a possible timeframe : Late April .
Oh , and there are two phones , as implied by the original leak .
The second , according to our tipster , is the Pure horizontal slider , pictured below :
So these two phones - the Sharp PB10ZU and the PB20 ZU - there are names for them but I can't tell you what they are , cause Verizon may just put out different code names in order to find out where any leaks occur .
And frankly the names are really really awful sounding so I hope what I 've been told are n't the final names anyway ...
Advertisement
Apparently the interface shares some aesthetic elements with Windows Phone 7 , albeit with " some sort of UI skin / more of a social - networking edge to [ it ] . "
As for release , apparently Verizon is " looking at a late April launch date , " though this is n't set in stone .
[ Thanks , Tipsters ! ]
ELECTRONIC undies that can send text messages and pages when they sense dampness indicating an ' accident ' are going to be introduced to nursing homes .
SIMsystem , the world 's first electronic underpants , are to be introduced across NSW nursing homes to monitor incontinence .
An Australian invention , the SIMsystem first appeared on ABC's New Inventors program in 2008 and following successful trials in Victoria , will now be rolled out across NSW .
SIMsystem looks like a regular incontinence pad but comes with a sensor strip that alerts staff to wetness by text message or over the facility 's paging system .
CEO of Simavita , the company that owns the product , Philippa Lewis , said the invention will halve the time spent on incontinence management at nursing homes .
" Incontinence management is a key area in which innovative technologies can benefit aged care , " Ms Lewis said today .
" We developed SIMsystem to provide greater comfort and dignity to the elderly while aiming to significantly lower costs for aged care facilities . "
The conviction of ex-Nazi Boere and Washington ’s war crimes
26 March 2010
On March 23 , a German court sentenced former Nazi death squad member Heinrich Boere to life imprisonment for war crimes carried out more than 65 years ago .
Boere , 88 , was charged with the cold - blooded killing of three Dutch civilians suspected of supporting resistance to Nazi occupation in 1944 .
The murders were carried out as part of a repressive campaign waged by his unit , known as the “ Germanic SS of the Netherlands . ”
Boere had lived in Germany openly since escaping from the Netherlands at the end of the war .
A Dutch court tried him in absentia in 1949 , condemning him to death .
While the sentence was later commuted to life in prison , the German government refused to extradite him .
In the early 1980s , a German commission investigating Nazi war crimes dropped his case , concluding that the killings were “ acceptable acts of war , ” justifiable under international law as a response to violent acts of resistance against the German occupiers .
This was the position held by Boere himself , who made no attempt to deny the killings .
He invoked the so - called Nuremberg defense :
He was following orders .
In 2007 , he told the German magazine Der Speigel : “ They told us they were partisans , terrorists .
We thought we were doing the right thing . ”
Much of the press coverage of Boere ’s prosecution and conviction has stressed that this will be one of Germany ’s last war crimes trials , given that the surviving perpetrators of the atrocities of Hitler ’s Third Reich are rapidly dying off .
The New York Daily News editorialized on the subject : “ There are n’t many Nazi slugs left to feel such justice , but every last one must — and soon . ”
The newspaper added that “ culpability for monstrous crimes is never erased .
It is the job of those who believe in justice to make evildoers pay . ”
While Boere richly deserves his sentence , with neither the passage of time nor his advanced age justifying clemency , one does not have to reach back nearly seven decades to uncover such crimes , or focus solely on octogenarians in meting out justice .
The same newspaper , last month , published an editorial entitled “ One for the good guys : Sharpshooting drones pick off Pakistan Taliban chief . ”
Commenting on the January 14 remote - controlled assassination of Hakimullah Mehsud , a leader of the Taliban in Pakistan , the editorial stated that Mehsud was an “ extra - appealing target because he claimed responsibility for sending the suicide bomber who infiltrated a CIA base in Afghanistan in December and killed five of the agency ’s officers and two civilian contractors . ”
It concluded by urging its readers to “ give a cheer to the skilled US forces who guide the drones from thousands of miles away . ”
During the Second World War , those who resisted Nazi occupation by assassinating German officials and collaborators — in the Netherlands and other countries — were known as partisans .
Their exploits were lionized in the media as well as in a host of films .
The German occupiers routinely described these same resistance fighters as terrorists , thereby justifying their extra-judicial execution .
Washington has employed the same modus operandi in its wars and occupations in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Any Afghan or Iraqi who resists the US occupation of their country is branded a “ terrorist , ” whose killing is justified .
The same kind of crimes Heinrich Boere was convicted of carrying out in the Netherlands 65 years ago are being committed by the US military and the CIA on a daily basis .
Heavily armed Special Forces units are tasked with assassinating those suspected of involvement in the Afghan resistance .
They carried out the same murderous work in Iraq .
In many instances , the victims are unarmed men , women and children .
In one such operation on December 27 , US Special Forces raided a house in Kunar Province , dragged eight Afghan students , ages 11 through 17 , from their beds , handcuffed them and shot them through the head .
A farmer and a young peasant boy were also killed in the attack .
Military officials justified the killings on the suspicion that the house was being used to manufacture roadside bombs .
In a similar raid last month in Ghazni province , a 61 - year - old shopkeeper , his wife and son were gunned down by US troops because the family had provided shelter to Taliban fighters the night before .
Boere and his cohorts in the SS would have been very familiar with such operations .
Then there are the drone missile attacks against suspected enemies of the US occupation on the other side of the border in Pakistan .
“ Since 2009 , as many as 666 terrorism suspects , including at least 20 senior figures , have been killed by missiles fired from unmanned aircraft flying over Pakistan , ” the Washington Post reported March 21 .
Here , the word “ terrorism suspects ” is used — in a fashion indistinguishable from the Nazis — to describe fighters resisting the foreign occupation of Afghanistan .
The Post report cites figures compiled by the New America Foundation , a corporate - backed think tank , which concluded that 32 percent — one in three — of those killed by the drone attacks have been unarmed civilian men , women and children .
Pakistani government officials have reported that the overwhelming majority of those killed are civilians .
In handing down the sentence in Germany , the judge referred to Heinrich Boere ’s gunning down of suspected supporters of the Dutch resistance to Nazi occupation as “ practically incomparable maliciousness and cowardice — beyond the decency of any soldier . ”
What can one say of those who kill defenseless men , women and children — and those suspected of resisting US occupation — by pushing a button while sitting in front of a video screen 7,000 miles away ?
One can only imagine what Adolf Hitler could have done with such technology .
The main theme of the article in the Washington Post is the role of CIA Director Leon Panetta in directing these assassinations and mass killings .
It focuses on one particular drone attack that killed Taliban leader Baitullah Mehsud last August .
CIA officers told Panetta that Mehsud , whose movements were being tracked by a drone camera , was not alone , but with his wife .
He ordered them to “ take the shot ” that killed them both .
What is described is a policy of cold - blooded murder in which so - called “ collateral damage ” — the slaying of innocent civilians — is not some accident , but a calculated , deliberate act .
In an earlier period , when the CIA gained its epithet “ Murder Inc. , ” there was an effort made in Washington to keep such bloodthirsty acts secret .
Now , US officials — including Obama — openly boast of “ taking out ” their enemies , provoking little or no controversy in the political establishment and the media .
Such a debased political and moral atmosphere is an unmistakable manifestation of a deep - going crisis of US imperialism , which America ’s ruling elite is attempting to resolve by means of war abroad and a wholesale assault on the working class at home .
The reality is that Obama , Panetta and Gates , just like Bush , Cheney , Rumsfeld & Co. before them , are guilty of war crimes .
The individual atrocities , assassinations , acts of torture and collective punishment are the inevitable byproducts of waging wars of aggression , the principal offense for which the surviving Nazi leaders were tried at Nuremberg .
Bill Van Auken
Bill Van Auken
The Census Bureau reports New Home Sales in February were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate ( SAAR ) of 308 thousand .
This is a new record low and a decrease from the revised rate of 315 thousand in January ( revised from 309 thousand ) .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
The first graph shows monthly new home sales ( NSA - Not Seasonally Adjusted ) .
Note the Red columns for 2010 .
In February 2010 , 24 thousand new homes were sold ( NSA ) .
This is below the previous record low of 29 thousand hit three times ; in February 2009 , 1982 and 1970 .
The second graph shows New Home Sales vs. recessions for the last 45 years .
New Home sales fell off a cliff , but after increasing slightly , are now 6 % below the previous record low in January 2009 .
Sales of new single - family houses in February 2010 were at a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 308,000 , according to estimates released jointly today ...
This is 2.2 percent ( ±15.3 % ) * below the revised January rate of 315,000 and is 13.0 percent ( ±12.2 % ) below the February 2009 estimate of 354,000 .
The seasonally adjusted estimate of new houses for sale at the end of February was 236,000 .
This represents a supply of 9.2 months at the current sales rate .
And another long term graph - this one for New Home Months of Supply .
There were 9.2 months of supply in February .
Rising , but still significantly below the all time record of 12.4 months of supply set in January 2009 .
The final graph shows new home inventory .
Note that new home inventory does not include many condos ( especially high rise condos ) , and areas with significant condo construction will have much higher inventory levels .
New home sales are far more important for the economy than existing home sales , and new home sales will remain under pressure until the overhang of excess housing inventory declines much further .
Obviously this is another extremely weak report .
Syfy 's success with its Wednesday night reality series , " Ghost Hunters " and " Destination Truth , " has prompted the cable network to create a second night of reality television , beginning on Thursday , July 15 , it was announced Tuesday .
Two new series will kick off the new block of programming : and ( Both are working titles ) .
is a docu-soap that follows Mary Occhino , a successful radio host , self - proclaimed psychic intuitive and mother of three .
Her children , Jackie , Chris and Carl , are a mismatched group of siblings consisting of a skeptic , a paranormal investigator and a reluctant psychic .
The series is produced by Atlas Media Corp and will premiere at 9 p.m.searches for the truth behind supernatural and unexplained occurrences that have been caught on tape .
In each episode , the six - person team , led by former FBI special agent Ben Hansen , searches for the most intriguing and unusual images , videos and unnatural phenomena found online and around the world .
Selecting the most intriguing images , the team heads into the field attempting to re-create the video , carrying out key experiments and searching for clues and evidence to answer the question :
Is it real ?
It is produced by Base Productions and premieres at 10 p.m.produced by Yap Films , will join the Thursday lineup later in the year .
The new series brings legendary creatures to life through state - of - the - art computer graphics .
Seeking out clues on whether these mythical monsters could have really existed and how they became woven into local lore , the investigators go to any lengths to unravel these myths .
Syfy also announced eight reality shows that are in development .
They are described as follows in a press release :
Utilizing the science of cooking , " Marcel ’s Quantum Kitchen " stars one of America ’s most notorious chefs , molecular gastronomist Marcel Vigneron ( " Top Chef " ) .
In each episode , Marcel and his new catering and event company will be hired by a demanding client to produce an extraordinary celebration or event .
Based on the client ’s requests , Marcel will dream up a theme and cuisine for the event , which range from a fairy tale graduation party and a Goth - rock fashion show to a ribbon - cutting ceremony for a new subway line .
He and his team of party planners and chefs will tap the depths of their imagination and culinary talents to create everything from the immersive décor to a delicious menu that emphasizes Marcel ’s unique brand of avant - garde cooking .
It is produced by Intuitive Entertainment .
" Force of Nature " follows the life of Ariel Towne , an average guy who just happens to be a feng shui master , as he interweaves contemporary , practical solutions with ancient mystical philosophies to help his wide range of clients achieve their goals .
With Ariel as the guide , viewers will peer in on clients who are grappling with compelling , relatable problems – and desperately in need of Ariel ’s help , and will be inspired by the amazing transformations that Ariel facilitates .
It is produced by Evolution Media .
In " The Latimer Project , " Jason Latimer , " World Champion of Magic " and owner of Latimer Corp. , an illusion design firm , shows the process of his illusions from concept to creation .
It is produced by Pilgrim Films .
" Mr. Impossible " is a docu- soap following the travels and travails of the “ rogue inventor ” Dezso Molnar .
No matter how difficult the problem or how futuristic the technology , Molnar always finds a way to make the seemingly impossible suddenly possible .
Whether his inventions are being launched into space , raced at over 600 miles an hour across the Utah Salt Flats , or diving into the depths of the Mediterranean , he is always on the lookout for ways to change life as we know it .
It is produced by Story House Productions .
From Dimitri Doganis & Bart Layton , the acclaimed creative team behind “ Locked Up Abroad , ” this high - octane drama - documentary series brings to life the stories of people who have lived through paranormal experiences that defy explanation .
" Paranormal Files " will take the audience into a world turned upside - down by extraordinary and terrifying events .
It is produced by Raw TV .
" Face Off " is a competition / elimination series that explores the world of special - effects make - up artists and the imagination which allows them to create amazing works of living art .
It is produced Mission Control .
" The Dome Experiment " will test the boundaries of human nature .
Twelve test subjects from all walks of life ( the leader , the worker , the entertainer , the provider , etc. ) will enter The Dome , a completely sealed bio-environment .
Relying on each other for all of their daily needs ( food , shelter , entertainment , security ) , they will face a series of challenges and experiments designed to expose the true nature of humanity .
The results will be a fascinating look into the fragility of learned human behavior and will answer the question : what plays a bigger role - genetics or the environment ?
It is produced by 3 Ball Productions .
-- Maria Elena Fernandez ( follow me on Twitter @writerchica )
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
ON A DUSTY MORNING in the holy city of Qom , I went looking for a shrine in a walled cemetery of martyrs known as Sheikhan .
The graveyard ’s walls are lined with glass cases containing the framed photos of soldiers felled by the Iran - Iraq war .
The shrine , I ’d been told , is a hangout for women seeking temporary marriage , an intriguing mechanism in Shiite Islam for relieving sexual frustration .
In the Islamic Republic of Iran , sex outside of marriage is a crime , punishable by up to 100 lashes or , in the case of adultery , death by stoning .
Yet the purpose of a temporary marriage is clear from its name in Arabic — mut ’a , pleasure .
A man and a woman may contract a mut ’a for a finite period of time — from minutes to 99 years or more — and for a specific amount , mehr in Farsi , which the man owes the woman .
Inside the shrine , I struck up a conversation with a 55 - year - old woman and asked whether she had ever contracted a temporary union .
She had .
A man in white clerical robes standing nearby seemed to perk up , so we moved aside for privacy , sitting cross-legged on the ground .
The woman , a widow , asked that I use only her first name — Robabeh .
Six years earlier , Robabeh was leaving Sheikhan when a young man introduced himself .
They chatted , and Robabeh learned that he was a seminary student .
She told him she wanted to go on a pilgrimage to Syria .
The student , 25 years her junior , promised to take her , proposing a sigheh , the Farsi word for a temporary marriage .
Robabeh agreed , and they negotiated terms : eight months , and the mehr would be a trip to Syria .
Robabeh ’s black socks and thick rubber sandals peeked out from under her black head - to - toe chador .
( It is rumored that women at shrines wear chadors inside out to signal their availability for temporary dalliances . )
The only adornment on her kindly , owlish face was a pair of round black glasses .
“ My children asked where I was going , ” she said , laughing .
“ I told them I was going as a cook . ”
Robabeh said that after being a widow for four years , she enjoyed the company and the opportunity to travel — not to mention the physical benefits .
She considers the temporary marriage a blessing , even though she has kept it secret .
“ People say it ’s bad , ” she said .
“ Although it ’s in the Koran and people know about it , they still feel ashamed about doing it . ”
However , Robabeh said she has no regrets , adding firmly , “ I liked it . ”
Remarkably , Iran ’s Shiite clerics not only tolerate sigheh , but actively promote it as an important element of the country ’s official religion .
“ Temporary marriages must be bravely promoted , ” the interior minister said at a clerical conference in Qom in 2007 .
“ Islam is in no way indifferent to the needs of a 15 - year - old youth in whom God has placed the sex drive . ”
Yet the Iranian mullahs ’ efforts to rehabilitate sigheh have met a stubborn core of resistance — particularly from feminists , who decry the practice as a kind of “ Islamic prostitution . ”
Which is it — an empowering possibility for women , or a back door to exploitation ?
How Iranians answer that question provides a glimpse into the surprisingly fluid attitudes toward the authority of the clerics who back President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
AT THE TIME of the prophet Muhammad , in the late sixth and early seventh centuries , temporary marriage was already common in Arabia , and many Islamic scholars believe he recommended it in circumstances such as pilgrimage , travel , and war .
Most Shiites go a step further , maintaining that the practice is endorsed by the Koran .
The second caliph , Umar , banned temporary marriage , but Shiites reject his authority because they believe he usurped Muhammad ’s rightful heir , his son - in - law Ali .
The Pahlavi shahs , who ruled Iran until 1979 , sought to delegitimize temporary unions as backward , but after the revolution , the Islamic authorities moved to reclaim the tradition .
In 1990 , President Hashemi Rafsanjani offered a widely noted sermon on the practice , emphasizing that sexual relations are n’t shameful .
He encouraged young couples to contract marriages “ for a month or two ” — and to do it entirely on their own if they felt shy about going to a mullah to register the union .
Two decades later , Iran ’s Shiite clerics continue to endorse temporary marriage as a sexual escape valve .
( Sunni variations on the theme are also on the rise throughout the Middle East . )
In an interview at his home in Qom , the conservative ayatollah Sayyid Reza Borghei Mudaris offered a list of who might benefit from temporary marriage : a financially strapped widow ; a young widow —
” She answers her needs because if she does n’t , she will have psychological problems ” ; a man who cannot afford a permanent marriage ; and a married man with domestic problems who needs “ a kind of medicine . ”
Sigheh has worked well for Habib , a 48 - year - old businessman from a small city in northeastern Iran .
A balding man with a compensatory mustache and an eager smile , Habib counts his blessings , which he believes have been multiplied by his many temporary marriages — 15 or 16 ; he has lost track .
“ I do sigheh with women who need financial help .
Instead of giving money for charity , I marry them in this way and financially support them , ” he said over tea at a hotel in Tehran .
“ I believe when I do this , God helps me and I get more wealth . ”
Habib has never had sex outside marriage .
“ Even if I wanted to have an hour - long relationship with a woman , I want to do it in a religious framework , ” he said .
“ When you set the time in a temporary marriage , you follow all the Islamic codes and regulations .
The woman is also satisfied and content . ”
Everyone is happy , Habib said — except , truth be told , his permanent wife of 29 years .
Habib told her about one of his temporary wives , but she has no idea about the others .
“ If she knew , she would decapitate me , ” he said with a cheery lack of concern .
“ She can not even stand the first one . ”
Presently , Habib had two temporary wives .
He wanted to permanently marry the first — a 21 - year - old law student who is the daughter of a poor family he ’d been helping — but his full - time wife said no .
Undaunted , Habib and the law student contracted a sigheh of 99 years , with a mehr of 124 gold coins .
The second is a divorcée he met in 2007 .
She was suing her ex-husband for alimony , and before Habib knew it , he was in another commitment — this one for three months and $ 2,000 for a deposit on a house for the young mother .
Iranian feminists ardently oppose sigheh .
In the summer of 2008 , they were infuriated by President Ahmadinejad ’s attempts to push through a new “ family protection ” law that would have made it easier for men to contract temporary marriages .
Many of those activists took to the streets after his contested reelection the following June .
“ One of the main attributes of marriage is publicity and the celebration of it , ” said Ziba Mir-Hosseini , a legal anthropologist who wrote a study of Islamic family law .
“ Women who enter this kind of marriage never talk about it .
That ’s why I call it a socially defective marriage . ”
While the ayatollahs see temporary marriage as good for both sexes , feminists point out its lopsided nature :
It is largely the prerogative of wealthy married men , and the majority of women in sighehs are divorced , widowed , or poor .
Only a man has the right to renew a sigheh when it expires — for another mehr — or to terminate it early .
While women may have only one husband at a time , men may have four wives and are permitted unlimited temporary wives .
Rezvan Moghadam , the director of a women ’s health nonprofit , put it bluntly : “ Men do it for fun .
Women do it for money ; they do n’t enjoy it at all . ”
Yet women do derive some benefits from sigheh .
Children born of sighehs are considered legitimate , and entitled to a share of their father ’s inheritance .
In a permanent marriage , the family usually negotiates a dowry on the bride ’s behalf ; a woman entering a temporary marriage sets her own terms .
A temporary wife has no right to maintenance or inheritance , but she also has fewer obligations than her permanent counterpart — her duty to obey her husband encompasses only sex .
Saeedah , who is 32 and works in the film industry , decided to do a sigheh at her boyfriend ’s suggestion , but her eyes welled up at the memory of her visit to the registry .
She felt the mullah ’s eyes on her , she recalled , as if she were “ like meat ” and he , too , might get a taste .
She was also disappointed by her girlfriends ’ reaction .
“ They think it ’s cheap , ” she said .
Zahra , an unemployed 47 - year - old widow from Qom , entered a sigheh with a doctor .
She did n’t tell her four children about the union , explaining , “ People do n’t like it .
Because of this , I also do n’t like it . ”
Tuba , a widow who lives with her two grown sons in a small room in one of Tehran ’s poorest neighborhoods , would prefer a permanent marriage , but the 55 - year - old is certain that her temporary husband — a taxi driver three decades younger — will never propose one .
In spite of the stigma , the women I spoke with were ultimately content with their choice .
Saeedah felt more secure knowing she could show the police her marriage certificate .
Zahra enjoyed sharing her feelings with someone else , as well as the physical intimacy .
Tuba , for her part , is delighted that her taxi driver , who lives in the north , visits once a month and calls daily .
“ Sigheh is not a good thing in our society , ” she said .
“ But I ’m a relaxed person , so I do n’t give a shit what people think . ”
THE CLASH over the June 2009 presidential vote was a reminder of how deeply divided Iranian society is .
The schism between Iranians who believe in the legitimacy of the Islamic republic and those who never will is also reflected in attitudes toward sigheh .
Many young Iranians reject it precisely because it ’s promoted by the clerics .
“ Most of us , we like to imitate all things from Western countries , ” said 27 - year - old Sina Ahmadinejad ( no relation to the president ) .
“ Being boyfriend and girlfriend is much fancier than sigheh . ”
For young liberals like him , dating has become an act of protest , while sigheh remains inescapably Islamic — and uncool .
Still , some young Iranians are beginning to experiment with sigheh in a way that can feel like defiance .
Three years ago , Amir , an English teacher , and his girlfriend , Tara , decided to move in together .
“ It ’s impossible to rent an apartment with your girlfriend , ” Amir said .
“ They check if you are officially married . ”
So Tara proposed a sigheh .
After a quick trip to the registry , they broke the news to their friends over pizza and champagne .
The real celebration came later , when they began planning a trip together .
Usually , unmarried heterosexual couples have to engage in elaborate stratagems to go on vacation , often coordinating with friends so that men and women travel in separate cars and check into different hotel rooms , only to reconfigure in coed pairs behind closed doors .
For the first time in their adult lives , Amir and Tara would n’t need to go through those contortions .
Barely an hour into the drive , a policeman pulled them over .
In the trunk of Amir ’s car was a bottle of whiskey .
Drinking alcohol is punishable by 80 lashes or , after repeated offenses , death .
The officer eyed the couple suspiciously , demanding , “ Are you married or are you single ? ”
“ Tara is my wife , ” Amir answered calmly , presenting his gold - lettered marriage certificate .
“ Okay , go , ” the officer ordered , and the newlyweds drove on .
Evangelical Christians are at it again .
The proselytizing only - through - Christ bunch has now taken up desecration of non-Christian religious sites : Not Jews this time but Wiccans .
What the hell goes through the minds of these evangelicals who think they can tell other religions — at a military academy no less — what to believe ?
At their core , evangelicals who despise pluralism are infantile .
Update :
In celebration of holy Super Bowl Sunday , I want to urge readers to check out the new book , Onward Christian Athletes by Tom Krattenmaker .
Not for Jews , Wiccans , Muslims , Football - Only - though - Christ .
This is a critical book and Krattenmaker is brilliant .
The opening of the worship area at the Colorado Springs academy had been hailed as a step for religious tolerance
By DeeDee Correll — Reporting from Denver
The Air Force Academy stung several years ago by accusations of Christian bias , has built a new outdoor worship area for pagans and other practitioners of Earth - based religions .
But its opening , heralded as a sign of a more tolerant religious climate at the academy in Colorado Springs , Colo. , was marred by the discovery two weeks ago of a large wooden cross placed there .
‘ We ’ve been making great progress at the Air Force Academy .
This is clearly a setback , ’ said Mikey Weinstein , a 1977 graduate of the academy .
He is the founder of the Military Religious Freedom Foundation and has often tangled with the academy over such issues .
Although he credits the academy ’s superintendent , Air Force Lt. Gen. Michael Gould , with an improved climate of religious tolerance , Weinstein criticized other academy officials as trivializing the incident , which he said was not revealed to cadets .
Rhetorically addressing academy officials , Weinstein said Tuesday , ‘ It ’s been two weeks — were you going to get around to telling them about this horrible thing that happened , and why have n’t you ? ’
Academy spokesman John Van Winkle said officials reported the situation to those on base and issued a message reiterating the school ’s policy of religious tolerance and respect .
In a statement , Gould said , ‘ We absolutely will not stand for this type of destructive behavior .
I consider this no different than someone writing graffiti on Cadet Chapel . ’
In 2004 , an academy survey found that many cadets felt that evangelical Christians were imposing their views and harassing non-Christians at the school .
The following year , an Air Force task force determined that there was no overt discrimination but the academy had failed to accommodate the religious needs of some cadets .
Since then , the academy has worked to change that , Van Winkle said .
“ It boils down to the key issue of respect — respect for everyone ’s right to practice their faith as they choose , ’ he said .
Specific steps include the creation of a Cadet Interfaith Council that identifies upcoming religious holidays and helps adjust cadets ’ schedules to observe them .
The academy — which also has worship areas for Catholic , Protestant , Muslim , Buddhist , and Jewish faiths — already had a designated area for Wiccans , pagans , and followers of similar traditions , but it was located on the north end of the 19,000 - acre campus and was not easy for cadets to visit , Van Winkle said .
The new site , a collection of stones set in a circle unveiled late last year , is closer to where cadets live and train .
Modern Wicca is a reconstruction of ancient European pagan religions and is based on respect for Earth , nature and the seasons .
On the weekend of Jan. 17 , Weinstein said a client of his organization who is based at the academy spotted a cross , constructed of railroad ties , propped against a rock at the center .
The client reported it , and the Office of Special Investigations began an inquiry .
The dean of faculty , Brig .
Gen. Dana Born , discussed the incident at a Jan. 27 staff meeting , Weinstein said .
Weinstein did not attend the meeting but said that faculty members who did described the official reaction as tepid .
One faculty member , who attended and asked not to be named because of the sensitivity of the matter , supported Weinstein ’s characterization of the meeting .
The reaction would have been stronger , Weinstein said , if another worship center had been involved .
Had a swastika been placed in the Jewish center , ‘ heads would be rolling , ’ he said .
Van Winkle said he saw the video of Born ’s address : ‘ She downplayed nothing .
She addressed the expectations , the issue and moved on . ’
Author Details Author Details G M
This is a general posting account for VT
Researchers excavating an ancient Roman cemetery made a surprising discovery when they extracted ancient mitochondrial DNA ( mtDNA ) from one of the skeletons buried at the site : the 2,000 - year - old bones revealed a maternal East Asian ancestry .
The results will be presented at the Roman Archeology Conference at Oxford , England , in March , and published in the Journal of Roman Archaeology .
According to Tracy Prowse , assistant professor of Anthropology , and the lead author on the study , the isotopic evidence indicates that about 20 % of the sample analyzed to - date was not born in the area around Vagnari .
The mtDNA is another line of evidence that indicates at least one individual was of East Asian descent .
" These preliminary isotopic and mtDNA data provide tantalizing evidence that some of the people who lived and died at Vagnari were foreigners , and that they may have come to Vagnari from beyond the borders of the Roman Empire , " says Prowse .
" This research addresses broader issues relating to globalization , human mobility , identity , and diversity in Roman Italy . "
Based on her work in the region , she thinks the East Asian man , who lived sometime between the first to second centuries AD -- the early Roman Empire -- was a slave or worker on the site .
His surviving grave goods consist of a single pot ( which archaeologists used to date the burial ) .
What 's more , his burial was disturbed in antiquity and someone was buried on top of him .
Prowse 's team cannot say how recently he , or his ancestors , left East Asia : he could have made the journey alone , or his East Asian genes might have come from a distant maternal ancestor .
However , the oxygen isotope evidence indicates that he was definitely not born in Italy and likely came here from elsewhere in the Roman Empire .
During this era , Vagnari was an Imperial estate owned by the emperor in Rome and controlled by a local administrator .
Workers were employed in industrial activities on the site , including iron smelting and tile production .
These tiles were used for roofing buildings on the site and were also used as grave covers for the people buried in the cemetery .
Fragmentary tiles found in and around Vagnari are marked " Gratus Caesaris , " which translates into " slave of the emperor . "
In addition to the mystery the find uncovers , Prowse sees the broader scientific impact for archaeologists , physical anthropologists , and classicists :
The grave goods from this individual 's burial gave no indication that he was foreign - born or of East Asian descent .
" This multi-faceted research demonstrates that human skeletal remains can provide another layer of evidence in conjunction with archaeological and historical information , " says Prowse .
For the last seven years , Prowse has been digging the cemetery at the site of Vagnari , just west of the city of Bari in southern Italy .
The cemetery was first discovered in 2002 by her colleague , Alastair Small ( University of Edinburgh ) , who directs the excavations at Vagnari and continues to excavate other areas of the site .
Prowse 's research focuses on the bioarchaeological analysis of the people buried in the cemetery , including isotopic , palaeopathological , and aDNA analysis .
The ancient DNA analyses were conducted by her coauthors on the paper , Jodi Barta and Tanya vonHunnius , at McMaster University .
The research was funded by the Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada .
Feature Article , February 2003
The following excellent article appeared in the Summer 2002 AFTE Journal .
A large number of sound files were recorded during the course of the tests conducted by the author which should be of great interest to AFTE members and other firearm enthusiasts .
Four sound files referenced to in the article can be heard by clicking the " speaker " graphic next to Figures 2 - 5 .
All photos and figures in the article below are thumbnails which can be clicked on to view these files in a larger format .
Additionally several other " sounds of bullets " audio files that readers may find interesting are linked to at the bottom of this article .
Note : A multimedia enabled PC is required to play the sound files .
Also , the audio files range in size of between 200 and 600k .
Download times will vary according to your internet connection speed .
The Sound of Bullets by Lucien C. Haag , Forensic Science Services
AFTE Journal # 34 , Summer 2002 , Page 255
Copyright ©2002-2003 Lucien C. Haag .
All rights reserved .
Reprinted here with permission of the author .
Key Words : bullets , sound , supersonic , subsonic , mach cone , lagtime , exterior ballistics ABSTRACT Firsthand observations and instrumental recordings reveal that even small caliber projectiles such as .177 caliber pellets at relative low velocities ( e.g. - 350f / s ) produce audible sounds as they pass an observer 's location so long as the distance from the responsible gun is sufficient that the sound of the projectile 's passage is not masked by that of the discharge of the gun .
This requirement , and the ability to produce audible sounds at downrange locations , is also true for larger and more powerful guns .
Bullets that are supersonic as they pass a downrange subject produce a loud , sharp `crack ' that can only be heard after the bullet passes the listener 's position .
This sound is similar to the sharp `crack ' produced by a bullwhip and it is exactly for the same reason - the tip of the bullwhip has gone supersonic .
Subsonic bullets , on the other hand can often be heard as they approach , pass by and depart a subject 's location .
These sounds are quite different in character and intensity .
These bullets frequently produce a hissing sound and are much less intense that the loud `crack ' of a supersonic bullet .
In cases where an audio recording has captured both the sound of the bullet at some downrange location and the distant report of the responsible gun , it may be possible to calculate the distance from which the shot was fired from the time differential between the two sounds .
INTRODUCTION
In May 1991 the author presented an argument at the Spring California Association of Criminalists Seminar that light and sound were forms of physical evidence .
The sound and muzzle flash produced by firearms during discharge were used w illustrate this proposition .
Many years prior to this ( 1979 ) a basic inquiry was made into the acoustical spectra of recorded gunshots .
In the years that have followed , recurring questions have been posed to this writer regarding the existence of audible sound produced by the passage of bullets near to subjects located various distances downrange of a gunshot .
Some witnesses and purported victims have claimed to hear a bullet pass by them and this writer has been asked on a number of occasions to evaluate the merits of such claims .
These subjective accounts led to this research project .
Long distance shooting incidents may range from perhaps 100 yards to as much as a mile .
In these situations a variety of interesting questions may arise .
It a bullet passes near a downrange listener .
can it be heard ?
If so , what sort of sound would it make ?
How loud are these sounds ?
Does the shape and / or design of the bullet influence the properties of the sound it produces ?
Does a ricocheted bullet sound differently from a ' normal ' bullet ?
Does velocity play a role in sound production said character ?
Can such evidence be evaluated in some objective manner ?
The work carried out by this writer has shown that when the time interval between the arrival of the sound of the shot and the arrival or passage of the bullet at a downrange location is sufficiently separated ( approximately 0.25 seconds or greater ) , it may be possible to hear the bullet 's passage or arrival .
This is contingent on a number of factors beyond the general sensitivity of the listener 's hearing .
The level of ambient noise , the loudness of the bullet and the proximity of the bullet to the potential listener are obvious parameters of importance .
Photo # 1 : A shadowgraph of a 7.62NATO bullet at Mach 2.3 .
The primary shock wave ( Mach cone ) forms a nominal 60° angle at this velocity .
A secondary shock wave can be seen coining from the cannelure .
Turbulence in the air behind the bullet can also be seen .
Photo # 2A :
The digital recording equipment used to record the sounds of bullets and the distant report of the guns that fired them at selected downrange locations .
Photo # 2B :
The a n c i l l a r y equipment used in recording bullet sounds and in standardizing the procedure and annotating the results .
Investigators in such cases typically fail to ask a number of important questions and this compromises most laboratory input .
Did the sound of the bullet or the sound of the shot reach the witness first ?
What was the time differential between the two ?
What sort of sound did the .
bullet make ?
Insofar as the firearm examiner is concerned , additional questions should come to mind .
Would the bullet be subsonic or supersonic when it arrived at the victim 's location ?
Would it even be possible to hear a bullet of the particular type as it passed by ?
If so , how loud would it be and what would it sound like ?
The research described in this article will answer most of these questions .
PROCEDURE
A variety of firearms and ammunition types were evaluated in this 3 - year study .
These ranged from .177 caliber pellets tired from a Model 46 RWS pneumatic rifle tired from a range of 80 yards to a number of high and medium velocity rifles fired at ranges extending out to 1100 and 1500 yards .
A variety of 9tnm handgun bullets of varying shapes and weights were also studied out to a range of 1100 yards .
The various pellets and bullets used in this 3 - year study are shown in Photos # 3 - 9 .
As can he seen from these photographs , a variety of nose shapes , meplat diameters , base shapes , bullet weights , cannelure arrangements and styles were selected .
Initial evaluations were carried out by simply placing listeners in protected downrange locations and firing projectiles from a number of these guns past the listeners ' location at distances ranging from a few feet to a few yards .
Photo # 3A : Two views o€ the various shapes and weights of .177 caliber RWS pellets used to evaluate the production of sound by smaller caliber , low velocity projectiles .
Photo # 3B : Three .177 caliber RWS pellets that produced audible sounds at 80 yards and with downrange velocities of approximately 360 f/s .
The author 's first formal experience in this regard occurred during his work on a historical long range shot made on June 27 , 1874 at Adobe Walls , Texas .
[ Note : readers interested in this remarkable event should read Ruprecht Nennstiel 's article in the July 1995 issue of the AFTE Journal ]
The original shooter was Billy Dixon and the gun was a " Big 50 " Sharps .
This writer went to the actual location ( if this historic long shot and positioned himself in a protected area very near the site where the unlucky Indian sustained his fatal injury from Billy Dixon 's 1538 yard shot .
As a result of Ruprecht Nennstiel 's computations and some actual firings at the Yuma Proving Grounds with the author 's .50 Sharps , Mike Haag was able to deliver three successive .50 caliber 438 gr. lead bullets to the same small mesa on which the Indian was killed .
He fired each of these from the actual site of Adobe Walls - still recognizable after the passage of more than 120 years .
The sound of each of these approaching bullets could easily be heard about 2.5 seconds after the arrival of the distant sound of the shot .
The total flight time of these bullets was about 6.5 seconds .
These bullets produced a z - z - z - z - z - z sound with a Doppler shift as they approached and passed by this writer 's position .
The time interval between the arrival of the bullet and the arrival of the sound of the shot was in good agreement with the calculated value .
The author has chosen the term " lagtime " for this phenomenon .
A more detailed description of lagtime will be given later in this article .
Figure 6 shows a plot of Lagtime in seconds vs. Distance in yards for a 425 gr. .50 Sharps bullet with a G 1 ballistic coefficient of 0.20 discharged with a muzzle velocity of 1475 f/s .
This should provide the reader with a graphic illustration of the concept and potential value of lagtime .
Photo # 4 : The lineup of .22 rimfire bullets fired out to 500 yards .
All of these bullets produced a hissing sound when subsonic and sufficiently downrange to he distinguished from the report of the rifle .
Several years later and at the other ballistic extreme , .177 caliber pellets of various nose shapes were tired from a single stroke RWS air rifle .
The chosen range was 80 yards .
The muzzle velocities of the pellets shown in Photo # 3 were on the order of 750f / s. and their downrange velocities at 80 yards had all fallen to about 3507s .
Under these conditions , the lagtime for the arrival of the pellets was nominally 0.25 seconds - adequate for them to be heard after the distant sound of the discharge of the air rifle .
All of these small , low velocity projectiles could be heard passing within 3 to 6 feet of the listener 's location immediately after the arrival of the sound of the discharge of the air rifle .
These pellets produced a very brief hissing sound as they passed the 80 yard listening and recording station .
A number of these were also recorded with the special recording system consisting of a Sony TCD - D8 digital audio tape recorder and a Sony ECMMS957 Electret condenser microphone .
Ancillary equipment consisted of a Sony MDR - V600 headset , a Quicktime digital metronome and 440 Hz tone generator , a Sony Hi-8 video camera , a pair of portable 2 - way radios , a digital temperature - relative humidity detector and a sound level meter .
The equipment used in this study is shown in Photo # 2A and 2B .
Photo # 5 : The lineup of 9 mm , jacketed pistol bullets of varying weights and designs .
Many of these were fired out to 1100 yards with a 9 mm carbine where they had residual velocities on the order of 500 f/s and produced very audible sounds as they passed over downrange observers .
This equipment was used to reduce the numerous auditory observations to an improved and more objective form .
The microphone was positioned so that the bullets passed within a few feet or yards of the microphone .
A protective arrangement was employed so that any short round could not damage the recording equipment yet fired bullets could pass over the microphone at relatively close and known heights .
This was accomplished by sighting in the particular rifle [ often equipped with a telescopic sight ] on a paper bullseye target immediately adjacent to the recording system .
To avoid the sound of the bullet striking the paper target , the recording equipment was offset a few feet to the side of the paper target as was the sight picture for the sound recorded shots .
Open ground beyond the recording system was also provided so that the final impact of the fired projectile was not coincident with the bullet 's passage over the microphone .
A standard 440 Hz tone and 100 beats per minute pulse were recorded on each digital tape prior to and subsequent to each recording session .
The 440 Hz tone was produced at a fixed distance from the microphone and at a measured decibel level .
An example of this audio - standardization technique is depicted in the Sound Forge spectrum shown in Figure 1 .
The recorded sounds of sub - and supersonic bullets as well as the distant gunshots were examined with the Sound Forge program .
Examples of these acoustical spectra are appended to this article as Figures 2 - 5 .
This program is useful in accurately measuring the time interval between the sound of the shot and the sound of the bullet 's passage from audio recordings .
It also provides some insight into the intensity of these sounds .
In a few instances the portable radios were used to transmit the sound of the particular gun 's discharge to the downrange location .
This allowed for a critical measurement of the time required for the sound of the shot to reach the downrange microphone .
An example of this technique is shown in Figure 2 . Photo # 6 : The lineup of .44 caliber cast lead bullets of similar weights and designs .
These were fired out to 1100 yards where they had residual velocities on the order of 300 to 400 f/s .
All of these bullets produced very audible sounds as they approached and passed over downrange observers .
( See the Figure 4 Sound Forge spectrum of one of these shots )
A number of long distance shots ranging from 500 yards to 1100 yards were also videotaped using a special mirroring system to protect the downrange video camera .
The camera was focused on the gun so that it 's discharge could be documented followed by the audio recording of the gun 's report and the bullet 's passage over the camera 's position .
This was especially useful with black powder cartridges and smokeless powder cartridges to which a small amount of black powder was added to produce a visible puff of smoke at the instant of discharge .
A viewing of this tape provides a very useful example of the concept of lagtime since the discharge can be seen followed by the separated sounds of the shot and the bullet 's passage over the video camera .
Photo # 7 : Cannelured and uncannelured 5.56x45 mm bullets fired out to 1100 yards .
The supersonic ' cracks ' were quite loud and followed by additional sound .
At this distance ( heir residual velocity was ca. 1200 f/s. ' LAGTIME '
The author defines ' Lagtime ' as the difference between the time of arrival of the sound [ S AT ] of the shot minus the time required for the bullet to cover the distance from the gun to the same down range location [ B AT ] or T.O.F. ( time of flight ) .
This can be reduced to a simple formula : S AT - B AT = Lagtime .
If the bullet arrives first .
the sign is + ( because the bullet required less time to cover the distance between the gun and the listener than that for the arrival of the sound of the shot ) .
The sign will he negative if the sound of the shot arrived first followed by the sound of the bullet 's passage .
This was the situation for Billy Dixon 's 1538 yard shot with his .50 Sharps even though the bullet was initially supersonic , it quickly became subsonic and after about 150 yards of flight , the sound of the shot overtook the bullet at about 325 yards and forged ahead of it as the bullet continued to lose .
velocity .
Photo # 8 : The primary lineup of .30 caliber rifle bullets of similar weights and varied designs .
These bullets were chosen on the basis of various nose and base shapes .
The supersonic ' cracks ' of these bullets were recorded at various downrange distances .
Figure 1 : A Sound Forge spectrum depicting the 100 beat per minute generator and the 440 Hz " A " tone generator recorded at three distances from the microphone .
Such a recording was placed at the beginning and end of each recording session .
Figure 2 . A Sound Forge spectrum depicting an 1100 yard , .50 Sharps shot with an initial radio transmission of the discharge ( producing a large squelch ) .
The radio was turned off immediately after this shot so the arrival of the sound of the shot followed by the arrival of the 425 gr. bullet could be recorded .
Figure 3 : A Sound Forge spectrum depicting an 1100 yard .
.50 Sharps shot without any initial radio transmission of the discharge .
The distant sound of the shot is shown well above the ambient noise followed by the arrival of the smooth , pointed 530 gr. bullet .
Figure 4 . A Sound Forge spectrum depicting an 1100 yard , .44-40 shot with the 240 gr. semi-wadcutter bullet at an estimated velocity of 475 f/s .
The distant sound of the shot it shown well above the ambient noise followed by the approach and passage of this bullet .
Figure 5 : A Sound Forge spectrum of a .30 - '06 tracer round fired from u distance of 500 yards .
The near - instantaneous rise of the supersonic shock wave appears first followed 0.705 seconds later by the distant sound of the shot partially buried in the diminishing noise of the departing bullet .
Figure 6 : A graphic representation of " lagtime " using a supersonic discharge of a .50 Sharps round fired out to a distance of 1600 yards .
The bullet is initially ahead of the sound or the rifle until ca. 350 yards where sound overtakes it .
The sound of the shut continues to outdistance the bullet as the projectile continues to Wise velocity .
For any efforts to estimate range of fire from such a recording , it will be necessary to obtain the site elevation and the meteorological conditions a the time ( temperature .
relative humidity , barometric pressure , wind speed and direction ) .
This information is needed to refine estimates for the speed of sound and for use in any exterior ballistic computations .
Of these parameters , site elevation is probably the most important since it has the greatest impact oil the speed of sound .
Table 1 provides data for the speed of sound under various conditions and was derived from the Handbook of Chemistry and Physics .
Photo # 9 : The two types of bullets available in 1874 for the .50 Sharps Buffalo Rifle .
Both bullets produce very audible sounds as they approach and pass by a listener at 1100 yards to 1600 yards downrange .
( Figures 2 - 3 show 1100 yard Sound Forge Spectra for these bullets )
Table 2 provides exterior ballistic data from one of the 1995 Yuma Proving Grounds Doppler radar tracks of one of the .44 caliber bullets used in this study .
The downrange velocity and time of flight values are from the Doppler data whereas the time for the sound of the shot to cover the same distance was calculated by the author .
This type of data was useful in comparing the lagtime values obtained from the digital tape recordings of long distance firings with the same bullet at comparable muzzle velocities .
Table 3 illustrates the calculated exterior ballistic data for the .50 Sharps and serves as the basis for the graph shown in Figure 6 .
As with many other shots carried out during this study , the calculated lagtime was in good agreement with the actual , on - site experience .
RESULTS
The sound produced by bullets that were still supersonic at the particular downrange location were readily recognizable as such by the loud , sharp `crack ' they produced .
Photo # 1 is a spark photograph of a 7.62NATO bullet traveling at a velocity of 780 m/s ( 2559 f/s ) .
This shadowgraph , provided by friend and colleague Ruprecht Nennstiel in Germany , shows the clear , sharp Mach cone emanated from the nose of the bullet .
When one realizes that it is the arrival of this shock wave at ones ear that results in the hearing of the bullet 's passage , it should become apparent that such a bullet has already passed the listener 's location by the time it is heard .
Such a bullet cannot be heard as it approaches an individual , Much subtler and subdued sounds will typically follow the supersonic shockwave due to the atmospheric turbulence generated by the bullet 's passage through the air .
An examination of Figure 5 showing the Sound Forge spectrum of a supersonic bullet 's passage over the microphone is useful in this regard .
Photo # 10 :
These four photos show the substantial changes in the shock ware and turbulence patterns for the same bullet at different velocities .
The " M " stands for Mach and the numerical value represents the velocity of the bullet relative to the speed of sound at the time of the shot .
A considerable variety of subsonic bullets and projectiles were observed to produce audible sounds .
These projectiles ranged from .177 caliber pellets as the smallest in caliber and free - falling 00 - buckshot ( from vertical firings ) as the slowest .
These .33 caliber spheres can be heard returning to earth after a nominal 19 second round trip flight time following the vertical discharge of a 12 gauge 00 - buckshot shell .
Their terminal free - fall velocity is about 160f / s. Such returning pellets are especially audible when unbuffered shells are employed .
This is due to the numerous irregular indentations in their surface acquired during the discharge process .
Larger and faster subsonic projectiles also produce audible sounds with those bullets that have blunt noses and / or sharp corners .
TABLE 1
VELOCITY of SOUND in AIR Data derived from the Handbook of Chemistry and Physics , 66th Ed. ( 1985 ) General
The speed of sound decreases with increased altitude
It increases with increased relative humidity and increased temperature Dry Air at Sea Level - Variation
with Temperature Variation with RH at 20 'C ( 68 'F ) 0 °C 331.4 m/s ( 1087 f/s ) 10 % RH 343 m/s ( 1127 f/s ) 10 °C 337.5 m/s ( 1107 f/s ) 20 % RH 344 m/s ( 1128 f/s ) 20 °C 343.4 m/s ( 1127 f/s ) 40 % RH 344 m/s ( 1128 f/s ) 30 °C 349.2 m/s ( 1146 f/s ) 60 % RH 344 m/s ( 1129 f/s ) 80 % RH 344 m/s ( 1130 f/s ) Variation with Altitude Altitude ( in ) Temperature ( C ) Pressure ( mb ) Gravitational Acc. ( m/s ) Vel .
Sound ( m/s ) 000 15.0 1013.25 9.8066 340.29 500 11.8 954.61 9.8051 338.37 1000 8.5 898.76 9.8036 336.43 1500 5.2 845.59 9.8020 334.49 2000 2.0 795.01 9.8005 332.53 2500 - 1.2 746.91 9.7989 330.56 3000 -6.5 701.21 9.7974 328.58
Note : the text MILITARY BALLISTICS by Moss , Leeming and Farrar ( 1995 ) gives ICAO values for the speed of sound at selected MSL altitudes as follows : 0 M 340.29 m/s ( 1116 f/s ) 1000 M 336.43 m/s ( 1104 f/s ) 2500 M 330.56 m/s ( 1085 f/s ) TABLE 2
PUMA PROVING GROUNDS DOPPLER RADAR TRACK
44-40 RIFLE with LYMAN 205 gr. LEAD RN -FP BULLET
Bullets 0.427 " diameter , 0.64 " OAL , 0.24 " meplat , 2 lube grooves ,
flat base , 0.34 " bearing surface , G 1 BC =- 0.14
[ see Photograph 6 ]
ROUND # 8 Dec. 1 , 1995 Distance and Velocity
MV = 1367 11s departure angle = 7.0°
TOF S AT LAGTIME ( S AT - TOF ) at 99 yds .
vel . =1056 f/s 250 ms 263 ms +13 ms at 146 yds .
vel.=989 f/s 391 ms 388 ms - 3 ms at 307 yds.
vel .=827 f/s 932 ms 815 ms - 117 ms at 446 yds. vel.=720 f/s 1.474 s 1.184 s - 290 ms at 776 yds . vel.=505 f/s 3.278 s 2.060 s - 1.218s at 1100 yds . vel .=376 f/s 5.294 s 2.920 s - 2.374s
Speed of sound taken as 1 130 f/s >
TABLE 3
50 SHARPS
[ Adobe Walls , TX ]
425 gr. bullet , BC =.20 , MV = 1475 f/s
[ see Photograph 9 ]
Site Elevation = 2700 ft. Temp. = 80 F Pressure = 29.92" Hg
< Speed of Sound taken as 1130 f/s >
DISTANCE SAT T.O.F. VELOCITY LAGTIME muzzle 0.000 sec. 0.000 sec. 1475 f/s 0.000 sec. 30 yds. 0.080 sec. 0.063 sec. 1396 f/s +0.017 sec. 60 yds. 0.159 sec. 0.130 sec. 1323 f/s +0.029 sec. 100 yds. 0.265 sec. 0.224 sec. 1242 f/s +0.041 sec. 150 yds. 0.398 sec. 0.351 sec. 1146 f/s +0.047 sec. 200 yds. 0.531 sec. 0.485 sec. 1085 f/s +0.046sec. 300 yds. 0.796 sec. 1.784 sec. 986 f/s +0.012sec. 400 yds. 1,062 sec. 1.108 sec. 913 f/s - 0.046 sec. 600 yds. 1.59.1 sec. 1.798 sec. 803 f/s - 0.205 sec. 800 yds. 2.124 sec. 2.591 sec. 716 f/s - 0.467 sec. 1000 yds. 2.655 sec. 3.478 sec. 641 f/s - 0.823 sec. 1200 yds. 3.186 sec. 4.468 sec. 576 f/s - 1.282 sec. 1400 yds . 3.717sec. 5.574 sec. 518 f/s - 1.857 sec. 1600 yds. 4.248 sec. 6.812 sec. 4 67 f/s - 2.564 sec .
The following are several additional " Sound of Bullets " audio files that you may find interesting .
Click on the titles to hear the audio files .
.44-40 Laredo1100ydsT2P510606 Laredo 200 gr. RN - FP , Tape 2 program 5 at 1hr 6 min. 6sec ; Springerville / Greer site elev. ca. 8000 ft. MSL , temp .
750 F , RH 52 % , wind calm , barometer 30.28 " Hg ; distance ca. 1100 yds - MV 1042f /s ; microphone setting switched to 1200 setting .
.44-40Lyman1100ydsT2P511024 Lyman 205 gr. RN - FP , Tape 2 program 5 at 1hr 10 min. 24sec ; Springerville / Greer site elev. ca. 8000 ft. MSL , temp .
750 F , RH 52 % , wind calm , barometer 30.28 " Hg ; distance ca. 1100 yds - MV 1085 f/s ; microphone on 900 setting ; bullet impacts near microphone .
5.56mmM193Win1100ydsT214530 Win. M193 FMJ - BT with cannelure ; Tape 2 at 1hr. 45 min. 30 sec. ; Springerville / Greer site elev. ca. 8000 ft. MSL , temp .
750 F , RH 52 % , ca. 10kt cross wind , barometer 30.28 " Hg ; distance ca. 1100 yds - MV 3323 f/s ; microphone on 900 setting .
9mmFMJRN1100ydsT212400 Hornady 124 gr. full metal jacketed round nose 9 mm bullet ; Tape 2 at 1hr 24 min 0sec. ; Springerville / Greer site elev. ca. 8000 ft. MSL , temp .
750 F , RH 52 % , ca. 10kt cross wind , barometer 30.28 " Hg ; distance ca. 1100 yds - MV 1245f /s ; microphone on 900 setting ; repeat of previous shot without radio transmission .
9mmPMCRN1100ydsT212634ricochet PMC factory 130 gr. full metal jacketed round nose 9 mm bullet ; Tape 2 at 1hr 26 min 34sec . ; Springerville / Greer site elev. ca. 8000 ft. MSL , temp .
750 F , RH 52 % , ca. 10kt cross wind , barometer 30.28 " Hg ; distance ca. 1100 yds - MV 1222f /s ; microphone on 900 setting ; radio transmission of shot - bullet struck low and ricocheted over microphone .
TCW5561100ydsT214640+4642 Russian 56gr .
FMJ - BT without a cannelure ; Tape 2 at 1hr. 46 min. 40sec. & second shot at 42sec. ; Springerville / Greer site elev. ca. 8000 ft. MSL , temp .
750 F , RH 52 % , ca. 10kt cross wind , barometer 30.28 " Hg ; distance ca. 1100 yds - MV 3134 & 3130 f/s ; microphone on 900 setting .
( two quick shots – same ammunition )
March 3 ( Reuters ) -
In a final push for a sweeping healthcare overhaul , President Barack Obama said on Wednesday it was time for Congress to act and he urged a simple “ up - or - down ” vote on the legislation .
“ Now is the time to make a decision about how to finally reform healthcare so that it works , not just for the insurance companies , but for America ’s families and businesses , ” Obama said in remarks at the White House .
Democrats are planning to use a budget tactic known as “ reconciliation ” to get final legislation through Congress despite Republican opposition .
The process will allow for a simple 51 - vote majority in the 100 - member Senate , where a 60 vote supermajority is often needed for controversial bills .
Here is some reaction to Obama ’s comments :
REPUBLICANS
* Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell : “ Every election in America this fall will be a referendum on this issue .
To ignore public opinion is not going to put the issue behind them , it ’s going to put the issue before them . ”
* Republican National Committee Chair Michael Steele : “ President Obama has decided to use Republican ideas as political cover for his government - run health care experiment that will destroy the doctor - patient relationship and add to our national deficit . ”
* Senator Richard Shelby : “ If the majority truly had the support of the American people and their representatives in Washington , then reconciliation would be unnecessary . ”
* Representative Dave Camp : “ The American people have rejected the Democrats ’ healthcare bill because it spends too much , taxes too much , increases premiums too much and increases the deficit too much .
Adding a few watered - down Republican proposals does not change that fundamental problem . ”
* Representative Wally Herger : “ It ’s a different day but the same story .
The president ’s remarks today continue to reflect how tone deaf the White House is to the will of the American people . ”
DEMOCRATS
* House Speaker Nancy Pelosi : “ We will now move forward to pass health insurance reform that includes the best ideas of both Democrats and Republicans , and address one of the most pressing challenges facing our families and small businesses . ”
* Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid : “ The president and the American people have called on Congress to act now .
We remain committed to this effort and we ’ll use every option available to deliver meaningful reform this year . ”
* Representative John Dingell : “ When Republicans had control of the Senate , they vehemently argued for up - or - down votes on judicial nominations and have used reconciliation for tax cuts for the wealthy .
I hope my Republican colleagues acknowledge the steps the president has genuinely taken to bridge the partisan divide that has plagued the process . ”
MARKET ANALYSTS
* Steve Shubitz , healthcare analyst at Edward Jones :
“ It does n’t really seem like there ’s any change here .
Basically , what it was was a call to action .
...
The big question is then does something get passed or not , and that ’s still a wildcard at this point . ”
* Wayne Schmidt , chief investment officer at Gradient Investments : “ It ’s still just political maneuvering on healthcare , I do n’t know that it changes the fact that I ’d be surprised if anything does get done . ”
* Kenneth Kamen , president , Mercadien Asset Management , Hamilton , New Jersey : “ The reality of it is , the votes are n’t there to do it with a 60 - vote majority and maybe the market is just looking at this as likely to die ...
To me , I just think it ’s more gridlock ahead .
So there ’s no trade in it . ”
( Compiled by Donna Smith , additional reporting by Lewis Krauskopf , Chuck Mikolajczak , Ellis Mnyandu : editing by David Alexander and Stacey Joyce )
An IDF poster warns against loose talk on social networking sites
The Israeli military cancelled a planned raid on a Palestinian village after one of its soldiers posted details of the operation on Facebook .
The unnamed soldier revealed the time and place of the raid and the name of his unit on the social networking site .
He said on his status update that his unit planned a " clean up " raid .
The soldier was court - martialled and sentenced to 10 days in prison .
He was also ousted from his battalion and relieved of combat duties .
" On Wednesday we clean up Qatanah , and on Thursday , God willing , we come home , " the soldier wrote on his Facebook page .
Qatanah is a village in the West Bank near Ramallah .
His Facebook friends and fellow soldiers reported the post to the authorities .
The decision to cancel the raid was made by commanders after it was feared the leak would put the unit in danger .
The operation went ahead several days later .
A statement from the military released after the leak said , " Uploading classified information to social networks or any website exposes the information to anyone who wishes to view it , including foreign and hostile intelligence services . "
" Hostile intelligence agents scan the internet with an eye toward collecting information on the IDF ( Israel Defence Forces ) , which may undermine operational success and imperil IDF forces , " it added .
Posters Prior to the leak , the Israeli military had launched a full - scale campaign warning of the hazards of sharing military information online .
In military bases , posters show a mock Facebook page with images of Iranian President Mahmud Ahmadinejad , Syrian President Bashar al - Assad and the Lebanese Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah .
Below their pictures and a Facebook friend request , the slogan reads , " You think that everyone is your friend ? "
Israel says arrest raids in the West Bank are aimed at detaining people suspected of planning attacks in Israel .
Palestinian Authority officials criticise the raids as hampering efforts to enforce law and order in the West Bank .
Reports on whether the targets of the raids are militants or civilians are often contradictory .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Cold finger of the cryostat with the erbium - doped crystal in which the light pulses were stored .
The crystal is at the center of the circle at an angle of 45° .
You can see two of the four electrodes attached to the crystal used to control the atomic coherences ( the two parallel silver stripes also at an angle of 45° ) .
Image source : University of Geneva
( PhysOrg.com ) --
One of the issues associated with quantum information schemes revolves around the ability to develop quantum memories that allow for the retrieval of information on demand .
Overcoming this issue is especially important for the advancement of long distance telecommunications .
In order to use quantum means to send information over long distance , it is necessary to implement quantum repeaters so that data is not destroyed due to the absorption loss in optical fibers .
These quantum repeaters require some sort of solid - state memory at the single photon level .
And , thanks to a recent experiment at the University of Geneva in Switzerland , it ’s possible that quantum information science is a little closer to application .
“ We were able to show how to store and retrieve , on demand , weak light pulses at the single photon level with a wavelengths optimized for fiber transmission .
This provides a direct way to interface photons used for quantum communication with a quantum memory , ” Björn Lauritzen tells PhysOrg.com .
Lauritzen and his colleagues present their work in Physical Review Letters : “ Telecommunication - Wavelength Solid - State Memory at the Single Photon Level . ”
“ We managed to reduce the noise involved with this technique as well , ” Lauritzen says .
“ What we have shown is a proof of principle that you can create a solid - state quantum memory for photons at telecommunication wavelengths , and this should be quite helpful in long distance quantum communications . ”
Lauritzen and his peers used an yttrium orthosilicate crystal doped with erbium ions to store light pulses on the single - photon level .
The memory uses a photon echo technique based on controlled reversible inhomogenous broadening .
“ First , we prepared the crystal through optical pumping , ” Lauritzen explains .
“ We prepared a narrow absorption line , which we artificially broadened using an external electrical field .
When we sent in a weak pulse of light , which then was collectively absorbed by the ensemble of ions , and a de-phasing took place .
We can reverse it by flipping the polarity of the electrical field . ”
With this method , it was possible for the Geneva team to retrieve the information it had sent in originally when it wished .
“ This method is especially good for quantum repeaters , providing quantum memory at telecommunication wavelengths , making it possible to send quantum over distances not possible now . ”
Other applications are also possible , according to Lauritzen .
“ This method could also provide a single photon source , ” he says .
“ If you can retrieve the photon on demand , you can build up a source of photons , and command the emission of one at a time .
This could be useful in a number of science experiments that require a single photon source . ”
The results are also interesting in terms of materials research .
Exploring the properties of rare earth metals , like the erbium used to dope the crystal in the experiment , could provide some insight into new methods and techniques for future applications .
“ This might stimulate some materials research , especially with erbium , ” Lauritzen insists .
For now , though , Lauritzen is interested in improving this technique for communication purposes .
“ We ’re working on memory based on atomic frequency combs , as well as testing out different conditions , such as temperature and influence of the magnetic field , to see whether we can reduce losses due to an absorbing background to increase efficiency and really make long distance quantum telecommunications possible . ”
Explore further Long - distance quantum communication gets closer as physicists increase light storage efficiency by an order of magnitude
More information : Björn Lauritzen , et. al. , “ Telecommunication - Wavelength Solid - State Memory at the Single Photon Level , ” Physical Review Letters ( 2010 ) .
Available online : Björn Lauritzen , et. al. , “ Telecommunication - Wavelength Solid - State Memory at the Single Photon Level , ” ( 2010 ) .
Available online : link.aps.org/doi/10.1103/PhysRevLett.104.080502
Copyright 2010 PhysOrg.com .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed in whole or part without the express written permission of PhysOrg.com .
Roughly two years ago , I began an investigation that sought to chart the baddest places on the Internet , the red light districts of the Web , if you will .
What I found in the process was that many security experts , companies and private researchers also were gathering this intelligence , but that few were publishing it .
Working with several other researchers , I collected and correlated mounds of data , and published what I could verify in The Washington Post .
The subsequent unplugging of malware and spammer - friendly ISPs Atrivo and then McColo in late 2008 showed what can happen when the Internet community collectively highlights centers of badness online .
Fast - forward to today , and we can see that there are a large number of organizations publishing data on the Internet ’s top trouble spots .
I polled some of the most vigilant sources of this information for their recent data , and put together a rough chart indicating the Top Ten most prevalent ISPs from each of their vantage points .
[ A few notes about the graphic below :
The ISPs or hosts that show up more frequently than others on these lists are color - coded to illustrate consistency of findings .
The ISPs at the top of each list are the “ worst , ” or have the most number of outstanding abuse issues .
“ AS ” stands for “ autonomous system ” and is mainly a numerical way of keeping track of ISPs and hosting providers .
Click the image to enlarge it . ]
What you find when you start digging through these various community watch efforts is not that the networks named are entirely or even mostly bad , but that they do tend to have more than their share of neighborhoods that have been overrun by the online equivalent of street gangs .
The trouble is , all of these individual efforts tend to map ISP reputation from just one or a handful of perspectives , each of which may be limited in some way by particular biases , such as the type of threats that they monitor .
For example , some measure only phishing attacks , while others concentrate on charting networks that play host to malicious software and botnet controllers .
Some only take snapshots of badness , as opposed to measuring badness that persists at a given host for a sizable period of time .
Also , some organizations that measure badness are limited by their relative level of visibility or by simple geography .
That is to say , while the Internet is truly a global network , any one watcher ’s view of things may be colored by where they are situated in the world geographically , or where they most often encounter threats , as well as their level of visibility beyond their immediate horizon .
In February 2009 , I gave the keynote address at a Messaging Anti-Abuse Working Group ( MAAWG ) conference in San Francisco , where I was invited to talk about research that preceded the Atrivo and McColo takedowns .
The biggest point I tried to hammer home in my talk was that there was a clear need for an entity whose organizing principle was to collate and publish near real - time information on the Web ’s most hazardous networks .
Instead of having 15 or 20 different organizations independently mapping ISP reputation , I said , why not create one entity that does this full - time ?
Unfortunately , some of the most clear - cut nests of badness online — the Troyaks of the world and other networks that appear to designed from the ground up for cyber criminals — are obscured for the most part from surface data collation efforts such as my simplistic attempt above .
For a variety of reasons , unearthing and confirming that level of badness requires a far deeper dive .
But even at its most basic , an ongoing , public project that cross -correlates ISP reputation data from a multiplicity of vantage points could persuade legitimate ISPs — particularly major carriers here in the United States — to do a better job of cleaning up their networks .
What follows is the first in what I hope will be a series of stories on different , ongoing efforts to measure ISP reputation , and to hold Internet providers and Web hosts more accountable for the badness on their networks .
PLAYING WITH FIRE
I first encountered the Web reputation approach created by the researchers from the University of California Santa Barbara after reading a paper they wrote last year about the results of their having hijacked a network of drive - by download sites that is typically rented out to cyber criminals .
Rob Lemos wrote about their work for MIT Technology Review last fall .
Shortly after the Atrivo and McColo disconnections , the UCSB guys started their own Web reputation mapping project called FInding RoguE Networks , or FIRE .
Brett Stone - Gross , a PhD candidate in UCSB ’s Department of Computer Science , said he and two fellow researchers there sought to locate ISPs that exhibited a consistently bad reputation .
“ The networks you find in the FIRE rankings are those that show persistent and long - lived malicious behavior , ” Stone - Gross said .
The data that informs FIRE ’s Top 20 comes from several anti-spam feeds , such as Spamcop , Phishtank , and includes data on malware - laden sites from Anubis and Wepawet , open - source tools that let users scan suspicious files and Web sites .
Stone - Gross said the scoring is computed based on how many botnet command and control centers , phishing and malware exploit servers for drive - by downloads are at those ISPs , but only when those have been hosted at a given ISP over a certain number of days .
“ The threshold is about a week .
Basically you get points for each bad server you have , and then it ’s scaled according to size , ” he said .
“ We take the inverse of the network size ( the approximate number of hosts ) and multiple it by the aggregate sum of the network ’s malicious activities . ”
Stone - Gross said about half of the Top 20 are fairly static .
“ GigeNET , for example , seem to be leaders in hosting IRC botnets , and this has roughly been the case as long as we ’ve been keeping track . ”
GigeNET did not return calls seeking comment .
Even compensating for size , FIRE lists some of the world ’s largest ISPs and hosts conspicuously at the top ( worst ) of its badness index .
However , FIRE ’s findings are consistent with those that measure badness from other perspectives , and two major US - based networks show up time and again on most of these lists : Houston - based ThePlanet.com , and Plano , Texas based Softlayer Technologies .
Stone - Gross said a major contributor to the badness problem at many big hosts is the fact that most of their tenants are absentee landlords , some of whom have rented and sub - let their places out to itinerant riff - raff .
“ What happens is they ’ll have maybe a few hundred or even thousand resellers , and those resellers often sell to other resellers , and so on , ” he said .
“ The upstream providers do n’t like to shut them off right away , because that reseller might have one bad client out of 50 , and they ’re not law enforcement , and they do n’t feel it ’s their job to enforce these kinds of things . ”
Sam Fleitman , chief operating officer at Softlayer , said the company has been trying to become more proactive in dealing with abuse issues on its network .
Fleitman said his abuse team has been reaching out to a number of groups that measure Web reputation to see about getting direct feeds of their data .
“ Most hosting companies are reactive … finding and getting rid of problems that are reported to them , ” Fleitman said .
“ We want to be proactive , our goals are aligned , and so we ’ve been trying to get that information in an automated way so we can take care of these things quicker . ”
Indeed , not long after the UCSB team posted their FIRE statistics online , Softlayer approached the group to hear suggestions for reducing their ranking , Stone - Gross said .
“ They came to us and said , ‘ We ’d like to improve that , ’ so we had a talk with them and gave them a whole bunch of suggestions , ” Stone - Gross said .
“ That was about three weeks ago , and they ’ve since gone from being consistently in the Top 3 worst to usually much lower on the list . ”
What ’s probably most unique about FIRE ’s approach is it allows users to view not just the volume of reported abuse issues at a given network , but also to drill down into specific examples and even chart the life of said abuse examples over time .
For instance , if you click this link you will see the reputation history for The Planet.com .
The graphic in the upper right indicates that , aside from a brief period in the middle of 2009 , The Planet has been at or near the top of the FIRE list for most of the last 18 months .
Stone - Gross said that one gap corresponds to a time last April when the university ’s servers crashed and stopped recording data for a few days .
Click on any historic points in the multicolored line graphs in the bottom left and you can view the IP addresses of phishing Web sites , malware and botnet servers on ThePlanet.com over that same time period , as recorded by UCSB .
The Planet ’s Yvonne Donaldson declined to discuss FIRE numbers , the abuse longevity claims , or the company ’s prevalence on eight out of ten of the reputation lists that flagged it as problematic .
In a statement e-mailed to Krebs on Security , she said only that the company takes security very seriously , and that it takes action against customers that violate its acceptable use policies .
“ When we find issues of a credible threat , we notify the appropriate authorities , ” Donaldson wrote .
“ We may also take action by disabling or removing the site , and also notify customers if a specific site they are hosting is in violation . ”
Tags : Brett Stone - Gross , FIRE , GigeNET , MAAWG , sam fleitman , Softlayer , ThePlanet.com , university of california santa barbara , yvonne donaldson
Acid is a general / 0 day tracker with a big & active forum , okay pre times and a lot of features , arcade games , shoutbox & own irc client is some of them .
Acid have a strict " do n't post our url or name anywhere " & they have a fake start page similar to Blackcats - games .
They recently started a " sister site " called Merlin ( sci fi / fantasy only tracker ) .
Torrents :
Speeds are okay , pre times are okay and they have a lot of content .
Forum :
They have a big forum .
Friendly users and everyone should be able to find a section where their interests are in focus .
General Rules :
Acid have just like some other sites ( ex BTN & CN ) a rule that forbids members to post their full name or url anywhere .
They also have a fake start page ( see below )
Fake start page :
User classes :
Info & Summary :
Name : Acid/ AL / Acid ******
URL : http://www.acid*******.***.**
IRC : Server : irc.bend.me.uk Channel : # Acid-******
Acid is a good site no denying that , not a top tracker but not a bad one either and i wish them the best of luck with their new project Merlin witch if you are a sci- fi fan also should be worth checking out .
Design : ( 2 horrible themes & 1 good )
7.5/10
Speed : 7.5/10
Speeds are in general good
Content : 7.5 Torrents .. and a lot of them
Forum : 8/10 Big forum divided into many categories .
Few scientists realised that freedom of information laws being introduced in Britain , the US and elsewhere would impinge strongly on their work .
But one who did was Dr Phil Jones , the man at the centre of the fallout from the emails stolen from the University of East Anglia .
Thanks to his brushes with climate sceptics , he knew that the laws would put new powers in their hands .
The emails reveal repeated and systematic attempts by him and his colleagues to block FoI requests from climate sceptics who wanted access to emails , documents and data .
These moves were not only contrary to the spirit of scientific openness , but according to the government body that administers the FoI act were " not dealt with as they should have been under the legislation " .
But the emails also reveal deep and understandable frustration among the scientists at the huge amount of time and energy they were being asked to give up to deal with the requests .
This was particularly galling as the sceptics making the requests were , in the scientists ' eyes , more interested in picking holes in their analyses to suit an anti-global warming agenda , than carrying out research that would advance human knowledge .
Jones foresaw that his arch - inquisitor , the Canadian former minerals prospector and editor of the sceptic blog Climate Audit , Steve McIntyre , would be a thorn in his side .
As long ago as 2005 , before the incoming legislation had been tested in Britain , Jones was laying out his uncompromising views on protecting " his " data .
In a note to the prominent US climate scientist Michael Mann in February that year , he noted that " the two MMs " , McIntyre and his co-author the Canadian environmental economist Ross McKitrick , " have been after the CRU station data for years .
If they ever hear there is a Freedom of Information Act now in the UK , I think I 'll delete the file rather than send to anyone . "
Later , in 2007 , Jones told his Chinese - American colleague Wei-Chyung Wang and Thomas Karl , director of the US government 's National Climate Data Centre : " Think I 've managed to persuade UEA to ignore all further FoIA requests if the people have anything to do with Climate Audit . "
Later , in December 2008 , he wrote in an email to Ben Santer at the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory in California : " When the FoI requests began here , the FoI person said we had to abide by the requests .
It took a couple of half - hour sessions – one at a screen – to convince them otherwise , showing them what CA [ Climate Audit , McIntyre 's website ] was all about .
Once they became aware of the type of people we were dealing with , everyone at UEA ... became very supportive . "
By and large , the records show , these requests were indeed turned down .
Of 105 freedom of information requests to the university concerning the Climatic Research Unit up to December 2009 , the university refused 77 , accepted six in part , had 11 outstanding , and had only 10 were released in full .
One was withdrawn .
In May 2008 , CRU received an FoI request from David Holland , an electrical engineer from Northampton , for all emails sent and received by the unit 's tree -ring specialist Keith Briffa relating to the IPCC fourth assessment of climate science ( AR4 ) , which had been published the year before .
The IPCC archives its formal review exchanges and puts that material online but Holland wanted to see email correspondence between scientists about IPCC text conducted outside that process .
Subsequent CRU emails discussed ways of avoiding complying with Holland 's request .
They decided that some emails had not come via IPCC and so could be ignored as outside the terms of the request , for instance .
Jones noted : " If only Holland knew how the process really worked ! ! "
By 2008 , the scientists had become used to dealing with , and usually rebuffing , requests for their data .
But this demand for their emails heightened their alarm .
Days after receiving the request , Jones sent one of the most damaging emails to emerge from the leak .
He asked Mann : " Can you delete any emails you may have had with Keith [ Briffa ] re AR4 ?
Keith will do likewise .
Can you also email Gene [ Eugene Wahl , a paleoclimatologist at the National Centre for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colorado ] and get him to do the same ...
We will be getting Caspar [ Ammann also from NCAR ] to do the same . "
This seems to have been the email that persuaded the UK's Information Commissioner 's Office – the body that administers the FOI act – its handling of FOI requests was not correct .
The deputy information commissioner Graham Smith put out a statement last week which said : " The emails which are now public reveal that Mr Holland 's requests under the Freedom of Information
Act were not dealt with as they should have been under the legislation .
Section 77 of the Freedom of Information
Act makes it an offence for public authorities to act so as to prevent intentionally the disclosure of requested information . "
He said the ICO could not take action over the apparent breach because it occurred more than six months ago .
There was more in a similar vein .
That month Jones also wrote to Bradley , saying : " You can delete this attachment [ probably Holland 's FOI request ] if you want .
Keep this quiet also but this is the person who is putting FOI requests for all emails Keith and Tim have written and received re Ch 6 of AR4 .
We think we 've found a way around this . "
The emailers took the view that , whatever the status of data , personal emails were sacrosanct .
As Briffa told Ammann a month later : " Our private inter - collegial discussion is just that – PRIVATE ... submitting to these demands undermines the wider scientific expectation of personal confidentiality ... none of us should submit to these requests . "
Holland says the emails reveal " a deliberate attempt to destroy info which has been properly requested . "
One device for withholding the IPCC emails , revealed in the leaked emails , was to say that IPCC documents were not covered by British law .
The University of East Anglia now says that no emails were deleted after this exchange .
But seven months later in December 2008 , Jones revealed in an email to Santer discussing McIntyre : " If he pays £ 10 ( which he has n't yet ) I am supposed to go through my emails and he can get anything I 've written about him .
About two months ago I deleted loads of emails , so have very little – if anything at all . "
It is not clear that this mass deletion ( if indeed it happened ) was done to avoid FoI requests .
Jones has been quoted elsewhere as saying : " We have n't deleted any emails .
I delete my own personal emails a year at a time regardless of subject as I have too many , but the university still has the emails . "
Indeed so , as it transpired .
In any case , the ICO apparently advised UEA that some requests for information did not have to be granted .
Jones wrote to Nasa climatologist Gavin Schmidt in August 2008 , " All our FoI officers have been in discussions and are now using the same exceptions not to respond - advice they got from the Information Commissioner . "
Through 2008 , the debate among the emailers grew about coping with the rising tide of FOI requests .
Most saw them as a threat to their work – not because they would uncover fraud , but because they took up their time .
Schmidt , one of the hosts of the RealClimate website , wrote consolingly to Santer in December 2008 about dealing with McIntyre : " There are two very different things going on here .
One is technical and related to the actual science ... the second is political .
The second is the issue here ...
Whatever you say , it will still be presented as you hiding data .
The contrarians have found that there is actually no limit to what they can ask people for ( raw data , intermediate steps , additional calculations , residuals , sensitivity calculations , all the code , a workable version of the code on any platform etc ) and like Somali pirates they have found that once someone has paid up , they can always shake them down again . "
Others wanted to give some ground .
The Stanford University climatologist Dr Stephen Schneider , who runs the journal Climate Change , wrote a round - robin to scientists in January 2009 in which he agreed that " this continuing pattern of harassment ... in the name of due diligence is in my view an attempt to create a fishing expedition to find minor glitches or unexplained bits of code – which exist in nearly all our kinds of complex work – and then assert that the entire result is thus suspect . "
But Schneider argued that researchers should give enough data and information on their sources and methods so that those " who are scientifically capable can do their own brand of replication work , but that does not extend to personal computer codes with all their undocumented sub- routines etc . "
Even so , he felt " it would be odious requirement [ sic ] to have scientists document every line of [ computer ] code so outsiders could just apply them instantly .
Not only is this an intellectual property issue , but it would dramatically reduce our productivity since we are not in the business of producing software products for general consumption and have no resources to do so . "
Presciently , he added : " Good luck with this , and expect more of it as we get closer to international climate policy actions .
We are witnessing the ' contrarian battle of the bulge ' now and expect that all weapons will be used . "
In retrospect , it was clear that things were coming to a head by 2009 .
Freedom of Information requests were piling up .
The scientists were increasingly angered at how long it was taking to fend them off .
Let alone what they regarded as the nightmare prospect of having to deliver the data being requested .
And , no doubt , the further scientific questions that would arise once the sceptics dug their teeth into the data .
As the scientists resisted , anger grew among their critics .
At the end of August 2009 , an amateur sceptic called Rupert Wyndham spotted that earlier in the year Jones had been made a fellow of the American Geophysical Union , which published many of his papers .
He assembled an international group of sceptics from ten countries and wrote to the AGU 's top atmospheric scientist , Alan Robock , to complain .
He accused Jones of a range of data crimes .
" Honouring a man who consistently breaches the fundamental protocols of scientific method casts a stain on the reputation of the AGU , " they wrote .
Signatories included Sonja Boehmer - Christiansen , editor of Energy and Environment , Jones 's least favourite journal , and Martin Durkin , the British TV producer notorious for his programme The Great Global Warming Swindle .
Meanwhile stories began to circulate outside the university about how CRU was resisting legitimate requests from McIntyre .
In early July 2009 , when I asked Jones about this , he told me : " McIntyre has no interest in deriving his own global temperature series .
He just wants to pick holes in those who do .
He wants not only the original station data , but details of all the adjustments we have made over the years .
It 's just time - wasting . "
But Jones did n't know what was about to hit him .
The day after the rejection of his demand for the station data , McIntyre announced that a " mole " had sent him a full set of the station data .
He published some , from Lund in Sweden between 1753 and 1773 – " sensitive information indeed , " he noted on his Climate Audit blog .
The following day he claimed on the blog that the mole had been identified .
Later McIntyre admitted there was no mole and he had simply found the material .
According to a subsequent article in Nature , McIntyre had stumbled on " ftp " files containing station data that was intended to be shared only by CRU 's partners at the Met Office .
CRU immediately removed the data from its website , leading to charges from McIntyre that they were engaged in a " purge " .
Meanwhile , according to Nature 's climate blogger Olive Heffernan , " between 24 and 29 July , CRU received 58 FOIA requests from McIntyre and people affiliated with Climate Audit ...
The Met Office , which receives a cleaned - up version of the raw data from CRU , has received ten requests of its own . "
With the threat of a " mole " in their midst , climate scientists outside CRU grew wary that their correspondence was not as secure as they might like .
In September 2009 Jonathan Overpeck of Arizona University warned colleagues in an email : " Please write all emails as though they will be made public . "
In early July , McIntyre appealed against being refused the station data .
But it was turned down by the university 's director of information services Jonathan Colam - French in a letter dated Friday 13 November , which McIntyre says he received on the 18th .
McIntyre says the timing may be significant here .
The first attempt to put online the file containing the CRU emails happened on the morning of Tuesday the 17th .
It contained emails up to the 12th .
McIntyre says he believes this shows the leak was probably an " inside job " by an aggrieved employee or student at the university angry about the secrecy over CRU 's data .
Whoever carried out the hack , there is a tragic irony for Jones and UEA buried in Jones 's 2005 correspondence with Mann over the potential for a UK FOI act in which he flagged up what a useful tool it would be for the sceptics .
Advising Mann on how to avoid a security breach involving sensitive data that was left unprotected on an ftp server Jones wrote : " Do n't leave stuff lying around on ftp sites – you never know who is trawling them . "
Pulino's Bar and Pizzeria 282 Bowery , New York NY 10012 ( at Houston ; map ) ; 917-289-9357
Service : Friendly once you 're in , though the McNally social pecking order is certainly in place
Setting : A really cool Keith McNally - imagined pizzeria
Compare It To : Schiller 's Liquor Bar
Must - Haves : Frutta , Salsiccia , chestnut pancake
Cost : Small pizzas start at $ 7 , and go up from there
Grade : A- More on Pulino's at Slice »
Pulino 's chef- pizzaiolo Nate Appleman summed up his efforts at turning out breakfast from his pizza oven thusly :
We 're kind of flying blind here .
We can't look elsewhere for our inspiration .
Nobody 's ever tried to serve a pizza - centric breakfast menu before .
We 're kind of making it up as we go , on the fly .
Kind of refreshing , is n't it , for a chef to rely on his instincts , and his craft and his knowledge of what is delicious .
It 's a brave and admirable effort , and based on what we tasted , he 's already begun to succeed .
We were n't even planning to review the breakfast offerings at this brand - new pizzeria from Keith McNally , the man behind Minetta and Balthazar ; New York editor Carey and I were just intending a breakfast meeting .
But the menu is so intriguing , we kept ordering until we had tried nine items .
( The devil and the breakfast pizza made me do it . )
Appleman has embarked on a refreshingly non-derivative pizza - making path , for both his standard pizzas and his breakfast pizzas .
( Dinner service at Pulino 's is supposed to begin this Friday , the 26th ) .
Pizzas here are thin - crusted , though not cracker - thin , thank God ; lightly topped ; and owe more to Midwestern bar pizza than anything else .
( At San Francisco 's A16 , on the other hand , he had a definite classic Neapolitan orientation ) .
He calls it bowling - alley pizza , and I understand what he 's referring to — though I 've never had a slice of pizza made in a bowling alley kitchen that 's half as good as the Pulino pies .
The breakfast pies come in small and large sizes , and half of a small pizza would make a fine breakfast , unless you are in need of a heartier morning meal .
Instead of just a few breakfast pizzas , though , Pulino 's has a whopping ten morning pies — divided into sweet and savory categories .
The savory pizzas are deliciously reimagined breakfast sandwiches in pizza form .
The Salsiccia — with sunnyside - up eggs , house - cured sage -y breakfast sausage , bacon , and white cheddar — makes for a salty , tangy , hearty pile of food .
And even without the meats , the Spinacci with mascarpone and grana is good enough that carnivores will want in .
View more in the slideshow »
But the sweet - savory pizzas are a bit more unusual .
Some succeeded brilliantly , like the Frutta with roasted pears and pecorino ; the Ottima , on the other hand , with wild blueberry jam and bacon , did n't fare so well .
And beyond the pizzas , a baked pear and chestnut pancake was simultaneously tender and hearty , made better by a delicate scoop of mascarpone .
Nate Appleman and Keith McNally have done something brave and admirable .
They have come up with a genuinely tasty way to eat pizza for breakfast — beyond the day - old leftovers heated up at home .
They 're not the only breakfast pizzas in town , to be sure .
But with the extent of their menu and the novelty of their creations , they 're clearly taking it seriously .
The smaller pizzas make it possible to have a modestly sized breakfast ; the super - thin crust keeps your first meal from getting too heavy .
And as the days get warmer and the windows are flung open onto the Bowery , it 's one mighty fine place to sip a coffee in the morning air .
View more in the slideshow »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Go Daddy is joining Google in its fight against China 's Internet control .
The company has announced it 'll no longer register new domains in the People 's Republic -- and it has some strong reasons why .
Go Daddy's China Change
Go Daddy divulged its decision during a congressional hearing on Wednesday .
Christine Jones , the company 's executive VP , delivered a prepared statement explaining the shift in strategy .
The nine - page testimony details an apparent change in Chinese law that requires Go Daddy to now collect color headshot photos of all users trying to register new domains .
In addition , the company must obtain business identification documents and physically signed registration forms from all of its Chinese customers .
Here 's the kicker , though :
All that data has to be forwarded on to China 's government - run Internet Network Information Center ( CNNIC ) for " review . "
Sound fishy to you ?
It did to Go Daddy , too .
" The intent of the new procedures appeared , to us , to be based on a desire by the Chinese authorities to exercise increased control over the subject matter of domain name registrations by Chinese nationals , " Jones ' testimony states .
And that 's not all , either :
The testimony goes on to reveal that Go Daddy has been told to apply the new rule retroactively , obtaining photo identification from every existing China customer and supplying it to the government .
If someone 's data is n't turned over , Jones says , his domains are turned off .
" We are concerned for the security of the individuals affected by CNNIC 's new requirements , as well as for the chilling effect we believe the requirements will have on new .
CN domain name registrations , " the testimony explains .
The China Internet Challenge
So far , Go Daddy 's the first major Internet company to follow Google 's lead in the China Internet challenge .
Microsoft 's explicitly said it has no plans to make any changes .
And , let 's be honest , Apple practically uses the same oppressive tactics as China 's regime , so it 's not likely to be taking a stance anytime soon .
All joking aside , though , do n't think the division 's going unnoticed .
According to CNN , U.S. lawmakers at Wednesday 's hearing praised Google and Go Daddy 's efforts and slammed others for not following suit .
" They need to get on the right side of human rights rather than enabling tyranny , which they 're doing right now , " Rep.
Chris Smith is quoted as saying .
Of course , this is only the beginning ; we can expect to hear more fighting words from all sides as the global battle rolls on .
But hey , on the upside , at least this whole debacle will make for a brilliant movie some day .
Just imagine the possibilities ...
JR Raphael is a PCWorld contributing editor and the co-founder of eSarcasm .
He 's on Facebook : facebook.com /The.JR.Raphael
Canable : The Flesh Eating Permission System
A while back I wrote about how to add simple permissions to your apps .
Since then , I have worked on a few applications ( Harmony among them ) where I have taken that concept and expanded it .
Yesterday , I decided that I had repeated myself enough times ( 3 ) and that I should abstract the shared functionality of those apps into a gem .
Thus , Canable , the flesh eating permission system , was born .
Can
Canable does not actually implement any permissions for you ( or actually eat flesh ) .
Instead , it provides you with all the helpers and then ( gasp ) you have to do the work .
The idea centers around running all permissions through current_user .
Anytime you check if a user can do something you use a can method :
user.can_create ?( article ) user.can_update ?( article )
Able
Instead of having a big case statement in those can methods for each different type of object , I use the strategy pattern to just ask the object if the user has permission to do the action .
This is done by having a matching “ able ” method to the “ can ” method , thus canable .
class
Item def updatable_by ?( user ) creator == user end end
The above code , for example , makes it so that only the creator of an item can update it .
Obviously , you can get more in depth from there .
By default , I add the following can and able methods :
: view => : viewable : create => : creatable :update => :updatable : destroy => : destroyable
Custom Actions
If you need permissions for actions other than the defaults , you can add your own quite easily :
Canable.add ( : publish , : publishable )
The readme over on Github has far more details , but I figured I would at least cover it here a bit .
It might seem a bit weird at first , but once you start rolling with it , it makes for a pretty easy to implement and understand permission system .
The really funny part is that it is only like 80 lines of code , as most of the methods are dynamically generated .
I am perfectly fine if I am the only one who uses this and finds it helpful , but you never know , so feel free to install it as a gem or fork it on github .
Note :
No permissions were harmed in the making of this gem .
Most of the Windows 10 users upgraded from Windows 8 , 8.1 to the latest OS .
After the upgrade , they are facing a lot of issues .
Users reported sound problems in Windows 10 , Bluetooth problems , Windows running slow and more .
Touchpad not working is another pressing issue faced by a lot of Windows 10 users .
After clean installing Windows 10 or upgrading from Windows 8 to Windows 10 , many users experienced a completed dysfunction of touchpad .
The touchpad in Windows 10 seems unable to register any move .
Either it completely fails to work or works with intermittent glitches .
Many common fixes like rebooting the machine are n’t working .
But we have found the solution to fix touchpad not working in Windows 10 .
Most of the touchpad problems are coming from Synaptics and Elan driver .
Almost all the major computer companies are using the drivers of these two vendors .
This article lists multiple ways to fix the faulty touchpad .
You can try these methods one by one .
Upgrading the touchpad drivers is the best way to fix touchpad not working in Windows 10 problem .
In fact , almost all the issues faced in Windows 10 are connected with drivers in one way or the other .
Most of the manufacturers have released the latest drivers compatible with their devices for Windows 10 .
When users upgrade to Windows 10 , they do not install the latest drivers at the moment of installation .
The lack of updated drivers ushers in an incompatibly between the devices and the OS .
This is the primary reason why the latest problems faced in Windows 10 are by those users who upgraded from previous versions to the latest version .
Those who clean installed Windows 10 are facing less issues because of latest drivers .
You can check , update latest drivers for your touchpad by following the steps given below .
Go to Device manager .
You can go to the device manager in Windows 10 by quickly searching for it in the search bar of Windows 10 .
You can also open the device manger by a right click on “ Computer ” -> Properties -> Device Manager .
Go to the pointing device / mouse section and right click on your touchpad device .
You can click “ Update Device Driver ” option to search for the latest drivers .
Let the system search for the latest drivers from the internet .
This should fix touchpad not working in Windows 10 .
If it does n’t , move on to the next steps .
You can fix touchpad issues by checking and enabling the touchpad from Window 10 settings .
Even if you have updated drivers , touchpad would not work if it is disabled from the settings of Windows 10 .
Open Settings in Windows 10 .
You can do this by clicking on the start menu and then clicking the “ Settings ” icon as shown in the image below .
Click “ Device Settings ” tab in the right options pane .
But it could change depending on the manufacturer .
In many cases , the name would be “ ELAN ” .
Under the “ Devices ” section , the name of your touchpad must appear and the status should be “ Enabled ” .
If this is not the case , you can click the option named “ Enabled ” .
If it is already working properly , it would be disabled for a click .
This is another useful solution to fix touchpad not working in Windows 10 .
Irrespective of your device model or drivers , you can try this method .
If you are unable to find the latest drivers by automated search , you can download the drivers manually from the website of your laptop / PC company .
All the famous machine makers have uploaded the latest drivers on their websites .
All you need to do is to type your PC model in the driver search section of the website and search the required driver .
You can install the drivers from the manually downloaded file by simply clicking on the files and following the on -screen instructions .
Make sure to clear your touchpad hardware area from all the dust , oil .
In many cases , dust or oil could hinder the working of touchpad and it does not register the touch from fingers .
This is how to fix touchpad not working in Windows 10 problem .
You can try the above methods in other versions of Windows as well .
These methods are applicable even if you clean installed Windows 10 .
In case the problem is not solved , you can comment on this post with exact details of the problems you are facing and we will get back to you .
Subtile Zensur Wolfgang Pomrehn
Die kanadische Regierung hat ihren Wissenschaftlern einen Maulkorb verpasst
Kanada , so meint mancher Einwohner des frankophonen Quebecs , hat ein Identitätsproblem : Die anglophone Mehrheit orientiere sich zu sehr am großen Nachbarn und vergesse darüber die multikulturelle Natur des Staates .
Während der Olympischen Winterspiele wurde der Streit kurzfristig auch für die internationale Beobachter sichtbar .
Französichsprachige Politiker beschwerten sich darüber , dass die ganze Veranstaltung überwiegend in Englisch abgehalten wurde .
Mag sein , dass sie Recht haben .
Auf einem anderen
Feld kann man jedenfalls sagen , dass die Kanadier noch eifriger als das Vorbild aus dem Süden ist , und zwar auf dem der Klimapolitik .
Kanada hat zwar das Kyoto - Protokoll anders als die USA ratifiziert und wäre damit verpflichtet , im Mittel der Jahre 2008 bis 2012 die Treibhausgasemissionen um sechs Prozent gegenüber dem Basisjahr 1990 reduziert zu haben .
Tatsächlich lagen die jährlichen Emissionen 2007 aber noch rund 30 Prozent über dem Niveau von 1990 .
Einen nicht unwesentlichen Anteil dürfte daran die Energie fressende Praxis haben , den Norden des Bundesstaates Albertas großflächig auf der Suche nach den sogenannten Teersänden zu verwüsten .
Ob da wohl ein Zusammenhang zu Klagen kanadischer Klimawissenschaftler besteht , sie würden in den Medien kaum noch wahrgenommen , nach dem die Regierung Restriktionen für ihre Umwelt - Fachleute beim Umgang mit Journalisten erlassen hatte ?
Die in Montreal erscheinende Zeitung
The Gazette berichtet , dass die konservative Regierung 2007 eine Verordnung herausgebracht hat , wonach Wissenschaftler von Environment Canada ( EC ) nur noch nach vorheriger Genehmigung interviewt werden dürfen .
EC ist in etwa mit dem deutschen Umweltbundesamt vergleichbar , die 6000 Mitarbeiter in 100 Niederlassungen haben jedoch einen weiter gefächerten Aufgabenbereich .
Unter anderem gehört auch die Wettervorhersage und Klimaforschung dazu .
Ein von EC erarbeitetes internes Papier , das der Zeitung zugespielt wurde , kommt zu dem Schluss , dass seit dem die Verordnung angewendet werde die Berichterstattung über Klimaforschung vor allem in den wichtigsten Medien des Landes erheblich zurück gegangen ist .
Medien , die tagesaktuell berichten wollen , können nicht darauf warten bis ein Interview - Antrag genehmigt ist.
2008 hätten sich die Wissenschaftler gegenüber dem Umweltministerium über den erschwerten Zugang zu den Medien beschwert .
Danach sei die Situation eher noch schlimmer geworden und einige Anfragen blieben ganz unbeantwortet .
Impressed by the rugged beauty of what was essentially a derelict industrial site and by the precise works the artists had installed there , the architects saw their design as a continuation of the sculptural tradition .
This called for a clear , yet simple formal language .
The access route leads from the car park to the entrance structure .
After passing through a short linking tunnel , a breathtaking view of the arena opens up to visitors .
From here , the centrepiece of the design – a 330 - metre - long ramp that is also accessible to the disabled – makes a broad zigzag over rocks , ravines and the roof of the service structure , finally leading down to the festival location , which is 19 metres lower .
Especially at the turning points along this route , visitors can pause to admire the sculptural quality of the project .
The form of the ramp and the facade to the entrance structure are precisely defined through the use of preoxidized steel sheeting .
This is not just a reminiscence of the industrial past of the location ; it also meets quite pragmatic needs .
The pre-corroded surface provides protection against the weather as well as against vandalism in the winter months .
Wherever visitors are likely to come in contact with these surfaces , though – at the box office , catering counters , toilet entrances , etc. – white fibre - cement sheeting has been used , which creates a more refined note in contrast to the rough sandstone and the rusted steel.via detail.de
A WARNING TO THE TEA PARTY NATION
By Chuck Baldwin
February 12 , 2010
NewsWithViews.com
As far as grassroots activism goes , the surge in Tea Parties across America is one of the more encouraging developments to recently take place .
It reminds me of the " Conservative Revolution " of 1994 , when the GOP reclaimed both the US Senate and House of Representatives .
At that time , it had been over 40 years since the Republican Party controlled both the US House and Senate .
And , between the two , the House victories were the most significant .
Spurred mostly by the election of Bill Clinton in 1992 , a host of young , energetic freshman Republicans marched into Washington , D.C. , determined to return a burgeoning and out - of - control federal leviathan to the constitutional precepts of limited government .
I 'm talking about then - freshman House members such as Helen Chenoweth , Steve Largent , Bob Barr , Joe Scarborough , Sonny Bono , John Shadegg , J.C. Watts , etc .
These young conservatives went to Washington , D.C. , determined to reduce the growth and size of the federal government .
The vehicle used to transport these young conservatives from grassroots activism to US House and Senate seats was the highly touted " Contract with America " ( CWA ) , which was orchestrated by House Speaker - to - be , Newt Gingrich .
The CWA included a promise to the American people that if they would give the GOP a majority in Congress , they would eliminate up to 5 federal departments -- such as the Departments of Energy and Education -- and many federal agencies .
Obviously , not only did the GOP - controlled Congress not eliminate a single federal department or agency -- or even shrink the size of the federal government at all -- it expanded the size and scope of the federal government at every level .
And there is one reason for it : Big Government neocons posing as champions of conservatism co-opted and destroyed the Conservative Revolution of 1994 .
If one wants to put names to these treasonous wretches ( and I do ) , I 'm talking about charlatans such as Newt Gingrich and Trent Lott .
Anyone who thinks that Newt Gingrich is a real conservative or that he will do anything to reduce the size and scope of the federal government needs to speak with any of those Republican members of the freshman class of 1994 .
( Sadly , too , some of the members of that great freshman class went on to become Big Government toadies themselves .
Such is the power of that Putrid Province by the Potomac . )
The Tea Parties of 2010 remind me very much of the Conservative Revolution of 1994 .
And if the Tea Party Nation is not very careful , they will succumb to the same fate .
The signs of a silent takeover of the movement are already appearing .
First of all , the Tea Parties were actually born during the Presidential campaign of Congressman Ron Paul of Texas in 2007 and 2008 .
For all intents and purposes , the Tea Parties and the Ron Paul Revolution were one and the same .
These were ( mostly ) young people , who were sick and tired of the same old establishment Republican Party .
They were tired of establishment Republicans selling out the principles of limited government ; they were tired of the US Constitution being ignored and trampled by both Republicans and Democrats ; they were tired of an incessant interventionist US foreign policy that keeps sending US forces overseas to advance a burgeoning New World Order ( NWO ) ; they were tired of perpetual war ; they were tired of the bank bailouts ; they were tired of the Federal Reserve ; etc .
I know this because I met -- and spoke before -- the Tea Party Nation in State after State as I campaigned for Dr. Paul during the Republican primaries back in 2008 .
And I met them again all over America , as I was running as an Independent candidate for President -- with Ron Paul 's endorsement , no less .
I was with them in scores of meetings ( big and small ) from Washington , D.C. , to Spokane , Washington , and all points in between .
But now many of the Tea Parties are distancing themselves from Dr. Paul and embracing establishment players such as Sarah Palin and Glenn Beck .
Even Newt Gingrich is being courted .
Watch out , Tea Party Nation : you 're in danger of losing your soul !
Newt Gingrich is not one of you .
He is not your friend .
He is an imposter .
He will destroy you just like he almost single - handedly destroyed the Conservative Revolution of 1994 .
Plus , be careful about Sarah Palin and other establishment Republicans .
Palin is currently playing both sides .
She is promoting Big Government neocons such as John McCain on the one hand , and sincere conservative - libertarians such as Rand Paul on the other hand .
But if one wants a real barometer of Palin 's true colors , look no further than her endorsement of Rick Perry in Texas .
Perry is the quintessential establishment Republican .
Perry has been in office for some 9 years , and what has he done to thwart the NWO in Texas ?
Nothing !
Perry is even a Bilderberg Group attendee .
What has he done for State sovereignty in Texas ?
Nothing !
In fact , he supports the North American Union and the NAFTA superhighway .
What has he done to resist Obama 's universal health care proposals ?
Nothing !
What has he done to protect the citizens of Texas against an emerging Police State ?
Nothing !
What has he done to fight illegal immigration ?
Nothing !
Advertisement
As a result of both Rick Perry 's establishment business - as - usual politics in Texas and the proliferating grassroots Tea Party movement , counterattacking establishment politics , a Tea Partier herself has entered the race for Texas governor .
Her name is Debra Medina .
As the Tea Party Nation in Texas already knows , Medina is one of you .
Medina is committed to preserving Texas ' independence and sovereignty .
She is opposed to the Patriot Act .
She will secure the Texas border .
She will give Texas Vermont - style open carry freedoms for gun owners .
She wants to get rid of unconstitutional property taxes in Texas .
She will stop the NAFTA superhighway .
Medina is the real deal .
So , what did Sarah Palin do ?
She went to Texas and endorsed Rick Perry !
I 'm sorry , ladies and gentlemen , playing political games in order to rake in hundreds of thousands of dollars on the speaking and book - signing circuits is not what the Tea Parties are all about .
Tea Parties are supposed to be about putting principle over politics , supporting and defending the US Constitution , supporting limited government and personal liberty , getting rid of the Federal Reserve , abolishing the IRS , ending preemptive and pervasive wars , and putting truth and integrity back into government .
Do n't get me wrong ; there are things about Sarah Palin that I like .
I especially appreciate her pro-life and pro-Second Amendment stands .
I also appreciate her signing the Alaska State sovereignty resolution while she was governor .
By all indications , she did a good job as Alaska 's chief executive .
At the national level , however , she favors the Patriot Act - - and even wants to expand it .
She supported the banker bailouts .
And when it comes to foreign policy issues , Palin is just another neocon .
Plus , as with most Republicans at the national level , I think she is clueless about the NWO .
And please remember , it was Mr. New World Order himself , Henry Kissinger , who vetted Palin on behalf of McCain .
The Tea Party Nation should expect better !
The Nation also needs to be careful about Glenn Beck .
He says many of the right things .
He is likeable and charismatic ; but he's also dead wrong on a number of issues -- issues that are critical to the Tea Party Nation .
He 's dead wrong when he attempts to disparage and impugn Congressman Ron Paul , saying Dr. Paul is a " crazy , kooky guy . "
He 's dead wrong in supporting the banker bailouts .
He 's dead wrong when he supports raising taxes ( which he has done on several occasions ) .
He was dead wrong when he supported the Patriot Act .
He is dead wrong when he viciously attacks the 9/11 victims ' families who demand further information about what happened to their loved ones on that fateful day .
And he is dead wrong when he mocks people such as Alan Keyes and Joe Farah for demanding that Barack Obama release his birth certificate -- if he indeed has one .
And now I hear that there are some self - professed members of the Tea Party Nation who are actually running for Congressman Paul 's US House seat in Texas .
If this is not a sign that establishment Republicans are hijacking the Tea Party movement , I do n't know what is .
Remember , the Tea Party movement began as a support base for the Ron Paul Revolution back in 2007 .
I strongly encourage the Tea Party faithful to read Jane Hamsher 's recent column on this subject .
I say again , be careful , Tea Party Nation .
You are being infiltrated .
You are being compromised .
You are being neutered .
Stick to your principles .
Stick with the Constitution .
Keep opposing unconstitutional , preemptive wars .
Keep calling for the abolition of the Federal Reserve .
Keep fighting for less taxes , reduced federal spending , and states ' rights .
Keep opposing the Patriot Act and the New World Order .
Do n't abandon Ron Paul .
Be wary of people such as Sarah Palin and Glenn Beck .
You do n't need " big name " celebrities to give you credibility .
As Samson 's strength depended on keeping his hair uncut , your strength lies in keeping your principles intact .
And unless you want to wind up like the Republican freshmen in 1994 , avoid Newt Gingrich like the plague !
* If you appreciate this column and want to help me distribute these editorial opinions to an ever - growing audience , donations may now be made by credit card , check , or Money Order .
Use this link .
ï¿½ 2010 Chuck Baldwin - All Rights Reserved
Related Articles :
In a Facebook post to help calm the stirring waters of the Droid ocean , Motorola posts a very vague ( welcome to PR ) announcement telling everyone they know we want 2.1 , but the update is taking longer than expected , and they ’ll let us know when they have updates .
We know THEY know we want 2.1 ( mouthful ) , and we DEFINITELY know the update is taking longer than expected ( duh , that was just rubbing it in ) , but what makes them think we really care any more when they have “ updates ” ?
It ’s getting to be a bit like the boy who cried wolf .
Or in this case , the Manufacturer who promised 2.1 !
We ’re all still eagerly awaiting Android 2.1 just as much as before , and based on this article you MAY think we ’re all still hanging on their every word , but personally I ’m thinking just the opposite .
I ’ve chosen to give up hope and pay no attention to the promises , and instead be pleasantly surprised if and when 2.1 comes .
That ’s an overly pessimistic view , but if it sets me up to go from complacency to happiness how can it hurt ?
And for those of you who ARE hanging on MOTO ’s every word , do n’t worry – I ’ll still keep you in the loop !
And by the way , while this whole 2.1 thing HAS been kind of a train wreck , I ’m sure not all the blame should land in MOTO ’s court .
They ’re trying to err on the side of safety which is a good thing , and we all know about Verizon Wireless ’ rigorous testing procedures – probably a good thing too .
Even worse would be to get a 2.1 update that adds new features but makes your phone a lot more buggy .
Last Updated : Thursday , 27 February , 2003 , 13:48 GMT
Email this to a friend Printable version Riddle of ' Baghdad 's batteries '
Arran Frood investigates what could have been the very first batteries and how these important archaeological and technological artefacts are now at risk from the impending war in Iraq .
I do n't think anyone can say for sure what they were used for , but they may have been batteries because they do work
Dr Marjorie Senechal
War can destroy more than a people , an army or a leader .
Culture , tradition and history also lie in the firing line .
Iraq has a rich national heritage .
The Garden of Eden and the Tower of Babel are said to have been sited in this ancient land .
In any war , there is a chance that priceless treasures will be lost forever , articles such as the " ancient battery " that resides defenceless in the museum of Baghdad .
For this object suggests that the region , whose civilizations gave us writing and the wheel , may also have invented electric cells - two thousand years before such devices were well known .
Biblical clues
It was in 1938 , while working in Khujut Rabu , just outside Baghdad in modern day Iraq , that German archaeologist Wilhelm Konig unearthed a five - inch - long ( 13 cm ) clay jar containing a copper cylinder that encased an iron rod .
THE KEY COMPONENTS
Batteries dated to around 200 BC Could have been used in gilding
Click here for more on what the batteries might have been used for
The vessel showed signs of corrosion , and early tests revealed that an acidic agent , such as vinegar or wine had been present .
In the early 1900s , many European archaeologists were excavating ancient Mesopotamian sites , looking for evidence of Biblical tales like the Tree of Knowledge and Noah 's flood .
Konig did not waste his time finding alternative explanations for his discovery .
To him , it had to have been a battery .
Though this was hard to explain , and did not sit comfortably with the religious ideology of the time , he published his conclusions .
But soon the world was at war , and his discovery was forgotten .
Scientific awareness
More than 60 years after their discovery , the batteries of Baghdad - as there are perhaps a dozen of them - are shrouded in myth .
" The batteries have always attracted interest as curios , " says Dr Paul Craddock , a metallurgy expert of the ancient Near East from the British Museum .
" They are a one - off .
As far as we know , nobody else has found anything like these .
They are odd things ; they are one of life 's enigmas . "
No two accounts of them are the same .
Some say the batteries were excavated , others that Konig found them in the basement of the Baghdad Museum when he took over as director .
There is no definite figure on how many have been found , and their age is disputed .
Most sources date the batteries to around 200 BC - in the Parthian era , circa 250 BC to AD 225 .
Skilled warriors , the Parthians were not noted for their scientific achievements .
" Although this collection of objects is usually dated as Parthian , the grounds for this are unclear , " says Dr St John Simpson , also from the department of the ancient Near East at the British Museum .
" The pot itself is Sassanian .
This discrepancy presumably lies either in a misidentification of the age of the ceramic vessel , or the site at which they were found . "
Underlying principles
In the history of the Middle East , the Sassanian period ( circa AD 225 - 640 ) marks the end of the ancient and the beginning of the more scientific medieval era .
Though most archaeologists agree the devices were batteries , there is much conjecture as to how they could have been discovered , and what they were used for .
How could ancient Persian science have grasped the principles of electricity and arrived at this knowledge ?
Perhaps they did not .
Many inventions are conceived before the underlying principles are properly understood .
The Chinese invented gunpowder long before the principles of combustion were deduced , and the rediscovery of old herbal medicines is now a common occurrence .
You do not always have to understand why something works - just that it does .
Enough zap
It is certain the Baghdad batteries could conduct an electric current because many replicas have been made , including by students of ancient history under the direction of Dr Marjorie Senechal , professor of the history of science and technology , Smith College , US .
" I do n't think anyone can say for sure what they were used for , but they may have been batteries because they do work , " she says .
Replicas can produce voltages from 0.8 to nearly two volts .
Could the batteries have been placed inside idols ?
( Image by Stephanie Yong )
Making an electric current requires two metals with different electro potentials and an ion carrying solution , known as an electrolyte , to ferry the electrons between them .
Connected in series , a set of batteries could theoretically produce a much higher voltage , though no wires have ever been found that would prove this had been the case .
" It 's a pity we have not found any wires , " says Dr Craddock .
" It means our interpretation of them could be completely wrong . "
But he is sure the objects are batteries and that there could be more of them to discover .
" Other examples may exist that lie in museums elsewhere unrecognised " .
He says this is especially possible if any items are missing , as the objects only look like batteries when all the pieces are in place .
Possible uses
Some have suggested the batteries may have been used medicinally .
The ancient Greeks wrote of the pain killing effect of electric fish when applied to the soles of the feet .
The Chinese had developed acupuncture by this time , and still use acupuncture combined with an electric current .
This may explain the presence of needle - like objects found with some of the batteries .
But this tiny voltage would surely have been ineffective against real pain , considering the well - recorded use of other painkillers in the ancient world like cannabis , opium and wine .
Other scientists believe the batteries were used for electroplating - transferring a thin layer of metal on to another metal surface - a technique still used today and a common classroom experiment .
This idea is appealing because at its core lies the mother of many inventions : money .
In the making of jewellery , for example , a layer of gold or silver is often applied to enhance its beauty in a process called gilding .
Grape electrolyte
Two main techniques of gilding were used at the time and are still in use today : hammering the precious metal into thin strips using brute force , or mixing it with a mercury base which is then pasted over the article .
These techniques are effective , but wasteful compared with the addition of a small but consistent layer of metal by electro - deposition .
The ability to mysteriously electroplate gold or silver on to such objects would not only save precious resources and money , but could also win you important friends at court .
Let 's hope the world manages to resolve its present problems so people can go and see them
Dr Paul Craddock
A palace , kingdom , or even the sultan 's daughter may have been the reward for such knowledge - and motivation to keep it secret .
Testing this idea in the late seventies , Dr Arne Eggebrecht , then director of Roemer and Pelizaeus Museum in Hildesheim , connected many replica Baghdad batteries together using grape juice as an electrolyte , and claimed to have deposited a thin layer of silver on to another surface , just one ten thousandth of a millimetre thick .
Other researchers though , have disputed these results and have been unable to replicate them .
" There does not exist any written documentation of the experiments which took place here in 1978 , " says Dr Bettina Schmitz , currently a researcher based at the same Roemer and Pelizaeus Museum .
" The experiments were n't even documented by photos , which really is a pity , " she says .
" I have searched through the archives of this museum and I talked to everyone involved in 1978 with no results . "
Tingling idols
Although a larger voltage can be obtained by connecting more than one battery together , it is the ampage which is the real limiting factor , and many doubt whether a high enough power could ever have been obtained , even from tens of Baghdad batteries .
One serious flaw with the electroplating hypothesis is the lack of items from this place and time that have been treated in this way .
" The examples we see from this region and era are conventional gild plating and mercury gilding , " says Dr Craddock .
" There 's never been any untouchable evidence to support the electroplating theory . "
He suggests a cluster of the batteries , connected in parallel , may have been hidden inside a metal statue or idol .
He thinks that anyone touching this statue may have received a tiny but noticeable electric shock , something akin to the static discharge that can infect offices , equipment and children 's parties .
" I have always suspected you would get tricks done in the temple , " says Dr Craddock .
" The statue of a god could be wired up and then the priest would ask you questions .
" If you gave the wrong answer , you 'd touch the statue and would get a minor shock along with perhaps a small mysterious blue flash of light .
Get the answer right , and the trickster or priest could disconnect the batteries and no shock would arrive - the person would then be convinced of the power of the statue , priest and the religion . "
Magical rituals
It is said that to the uninitiated , science cannot be distinguished from magic .
" In Egypt we know this sort of thing happened with Hero 's engine , " Dr Craddock says .
Hero 's engine was a primitive steam - driven machine , and like the battery of Baghdad , no one is quite sure what it was used for , but are convinced it could work .
If this idol could be found , it would be strong evidence to support the new theory .
With the batteries inside , was this object once revered , like the Oracle of Delphi in Greece , and " charged " with godly powers ?
Even if the current were insufficient to provide a genuine shock , it may have felt warm , a bizarre tingle to the touch of the unsuspecting finger .
At the very least , it could have just been the container of these articles , to keep their secret safe .
Perhaps it is too early to say the battery has been convincingly demonstrated to be part of a magical ritual .
Further examination , including accurate dating , of the batteries ' components are needed to really answer this mystery .
No one knows if such an idol or statue that could have hidden the batteries really exists , but perhaps the opportunity to look is not too far away - if the items survive the looming war in the Middle East .
" These objects belong to the successors of the people who made them , " says Dr Craddock .
" Let 's hope the world manages to resolve its present problems so people can go and see them . "
Click here to return
Email this to a friend Printable version
SEE ALSO : Iraq looks to its rich history
05 Jan 01 | Middle East Iraqi museum reopens after ten - year closure
29 Apr 00 | Middle East
INTERNET LINKS : British Museum British Museum - Mesopotamia Roemer And Pelizaeus Museum Hildesheim BBCi History - British Relations With Iraq
The BBC is not responsible for the content of external internet sites
TOP SCIENCE & ENVIRONMENT STORIES
Night - sky image is biggest ever
Phantom Eye ' spy plane ' unveiled
Higgs discovery rumour is denied
Join NPI
Want to become a more effective activist ?
Join the Northwest Progressive Institute today as a member .
Members donate time , money , or supplies to help further NPI ’s work .
Members also receive The Evergreen Connection , NPI ’s useful and unique e-newsletter , twice a month .
Huffington Post Still Growing Like a Weed
Another step in the Huffington Post ’s relentless march toward world domination :
The company attracted a staggering 40 million unique visitors in the last month .
That ’s per Huffpo ’s own numbers , served up by Google Analytics ( GOOG ) .
And as usual , outside auditors provide a different number .
ComScore ’s ( SCOR )
January numbers put the site at 26.4 million unique visitors ( see breakdown at bottom of this post ) .
But no matter how you count it , there ’s now a really , really big audience for a site the smart set derided as a vanity project for Arianna Huffington when it launched in 2005 .
You may also recall predictions that Huffpo would wither after the 2008 elections , but that has n’t happened either .
So what ’s driving the growth ?
Verticals , says Huffington –the mini-Huffpos the site has been pumping out on a regular basis .
The site ’s technology and sports sections , for instance , did n’t exist six months ago .
Now they account for 10 percent of Huffpo ’s traffic , she says .
( Did you know ultimate fighter Chuck Liddell has a nude workout tape ? )
Other big hits : Comedy ( up 58 percent in the last six months ) , style ( 37 percent ) , entertainment ( 25 percent ) .
Huffington was less boastful about the site ’s attempts to roll out local sections .
That started with Chicago in August 2008 , and now includes Denver , Los Angeles and New York .
But she ’s not sure where that will go next : “ This year [ we ] have prioritized launching other sections , which has been a great decision , ” she says .
It ’s possible that Huffpo will launch more local sites , or it may partner with other sites instead .
Huffington ’s competitors and / or detractors would also want to point to the site ’s team of technology wizards , which allow it to extract the maximum value out of a relatively small ( 100 full - time employees ) staff .
Huffpo has mastered the art of turning other people ’s work into its own stories and eyeballs .
But eyeballs are eyeballs .
Next up : Turning them into dollars .
That ’s up to sales boss Greg Coleman and his brigade of Yahoo ( YHOO ) veterans .
Gosh , according to Leftfootforward , we skeptics are just a step away from global media domination .
I suppose it did n’t occur to the people that researched this and drew up the network diagram that both sides are about equal in the “ networking ” .
Yet only one side is “ bad ” .
“ A fascinating new study commissioned by Oxfam and produced by digital mapping agency Profero has shed new insights into the way climate sceptics ’ networks operate .
The study ’s conclusions , as yet unpublished but seen by Left Foot Forward , were presented to a closed meeting of campaigners on Wednesday night .
Profero ’s study analysed online coverage of the “ Climategate ” debacle that broke last November , tracking its progress from fringe blogs to mainstream media outlets over the ensuing weeks and months . ” …
Stuart Conway , the study ’s co-author , declared simply that “ there are no progressive networks ” – just hubs of activity here and there , lacking interconnection .
I have to laugh at that , because when you look at the graph they prepared above , both sides look like “ just hubs of activity here and there , lacking interconnection ”
About the closest thing to an interconnection that exists is a blogroll link , seen on blogs worldwide .
I have one , so does everybody else on that diagram above .
Are blogrolls the new network hive mind ?
Does noting an interesting story on another blog peg me as being a climate community organizer ?
Apparently they never considered that maybe , just maybe , the Climategate story spread from blogs to MSM because it was real news ?
Of course , it ’s all speculation on their part .
Nobody at Oxfam or Profero contacted me to ask any basic questions ( and I ’m betting none of the others either ) like :
Are you part of an organized effort ?
( No – I blog because I like it , it gives me a sense of satisfaction , and I think it is important .
For me it is like my old broadcast TV job , but using a different medium to send words and pictures .
I started blogging because I had an offer to do so from my local newspaper , who still maintains a blog link to WUWT on their Norcalblogs.com website . )
Are you funded by a central organization , like the Soros sponsored Think Progress / Climate progress blog , the DeSmog Blog ’s Hoggan and Associates PR firm , or Realclimate whose servers are funded by Environmental Media Services ?
( No – though Climate Depot is apparently funded by CFACT , there ’s no central funding that I get or any of the others get as far as I know , but ask them .
As I see it we are just a loose knit group of like minded people .
The closest anyone could say is a central funding source would be Google Ads , for which the blogs that have them get a few cents for each click . )
Do you answer to or are you guided by climate denier overlords ?
( No – but my , employees , wife and kids raise holy heck with me for spending too much time in front of the computer reading and writing blogs . )
Did you time your blog post announcing the CRU email hack / leak to influence the Copenhagen Conference ?
( No – that ’s just when the files were dropped in my lap , and I waited two days for confirmation before writing about it .
Ask the hacker / whistleblower what his / her motives and timing considerations were . )
It ’s funny how somebody can write a social networking study and not ask the subjects being studied any questions .
Quality research funded by charitably given British pounds – surely they could do better .
Or , maybe they did n’t want to .
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
The chief executives of Scotland 's 32 councils have agreed not to take a pay rise this year .
Local government umbrella organisation Cosla said the move was a response to the " colossal financial pressures " facing councils .
The chief executives had been due to receive a 2.5 % rise next month under the terms of a deal agreed in 2008 .
Local authority leaders had already said they would not accept a pay rise for the coming financial year .
A statement released by Cosla said the announcement over chief executive pay reflected " a growing consensus across local government that the financial challenges ahead will call for tough measures to minimise the threat to jobs and services . "
Cosla 's human resources management spokesman , Councillor Michael Cook , said : " The testing times both now and which lie ahead are such that leadership counts and chief executives have shown genuine leadership which we trust will set an example to others .
" It mirrors the decision of council leaders to agree to their pay being frozen in the coming year .
It is significant that the political and executive leadership of councils have recognised the unprecedented challenges which lie ahead . "
Bureau of Labor Statistics
I hear through the grapevine that the usual suspects at the WSJ have put out something along the lines of “ Krugman says that unemployment benefits wo n’t raise unemployment , but in his textbook he says they will , neener neener . ”
Are they really that stupid ?
Probably not — but they you think that you , the reader , are that stupid .
But anyway , maybe this is a good time to explain the difference between determinants of the NAIRU — the minimum rate of unemployment consistent with a stable inflation rate — and the determinants of the unemployment rate at a point in time .
So : there are limits to how hot you can run the economy without inflationary problems .
This is usually expressed in terms of a non-accelerating - inflation unemployment rate ; yes , there are some questions about whether the concept is quite right , especially at very low inflation , but that ’s another issue .
Everyone agrees that really generous unemployment benefits , by reducing the incentive to seek jobs , can raise the NAIRU ; that is , set limits to how far down you can push unemployment without running into inflation problems .
But in case you have n’t noticed , that ’s not the problem constraining job growth in America right now .
Wage growth is declining , not rising , and so is overall inflation .
A wage - price spiral looks like a distant dream .
What ’s limiting employment now is lack of demand for the things workers produce .
Their incentives to seek work are , for now , irrelevant .
That ’s why comments by the likes of Sen .
Kyl are so boneheaded — anyone who thinks that high unemployment in the first quarter of 2010 has anything to do with workers getting excessively generous benefits must not get out much .
And the truth is that unemployment benefits are a good , quick , administratively easy way to increase demand , which is what we really need .
So right now they have the effect of reducing unemployment .
Netanyahu reaffirms ' right to build ' in Jerusalem
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu has asserted Israel 's " right to build " in Jerusalem , following a row with the US over plans for new homes in the city .
" Jerusalem is not a settlement , it 's our capital , " he said in Washington .
But Mr Netanyahu did not mention the decision to expand the East Jerusalem settlement of Ramat Shlomo in a speech to the pro-Israel lobby group , Aipac .
Earlier , US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton told the meeting Israel had to make " difficult " choices for peace .
She said the continued expansion of Jewish settlements in Palestinian occupied territory undermined the US role in the peace process .
The Palestinian Authority is furious at Israel 's insistence on building on occupied territory .
It sees it as a serious stumbling block to the resumption of talks , which have been stalled for more than a year .
Some 500,000
Jews live in more than 100 settlements built since Israel 's 1967 occupation of the West Bank and East Jerusalem .
They are considered illegal under international law , which Israel disputes .
Call to Abbas
In his speech to a convention of the influential American Israel Public Affairs Committee ( Aipac ) on Monday evening , Mr Netanyahu said that " the Jewish people were building Jerusalem 3,000 years ago and the Jewish people are building it today " .
New construction in east Jerusalem or the West Bank undermines mutual trust and endangers the proximity talks that are the first step toward the full negotiations that both sides want and need
Hillary Clinton
US Secretary of State
History lessons for US policy ?
Israel - US : A bruised friendship Issues : Borders and settlements Settlements in occupied East Jerusalem were an " inextricable " part of the city , he said , and would remain part of Israel under any peace agreement .
" Therefore , building in them in no way precludes the possibility of a two - state solution . "
He said Israel wanted Palestinians to be " our neighbours , living freely " and called on Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas to " come and negotiate peace " .
Mr Netanyahu added that while the US could help resolve both sides ' problems , peace could not be imposed from the outside .
Speaking just hours earlier to the same audience , Mrs Clinton urged Mr Netanyahu to extend Israel 's suspension of new building in the West Bank to include East Jerusalem .
ANALYSIS Jeremy Bowen , BBC Middle East editor , Washington
Prime Minister Netanyahu made a tough speech , reasserting what he believes to be Israel 's right to build wherever it wants in Jerusalem .
Israel 's latest building plans in occupied East Jerusalem have been condemned by the Obama administration and are at the heart of the current crisis in relations between the two countries .
Both sides have been trying to take the heat of the dispute , re-emphasising their friendship .
Perhaps Mr Netanyahu has given some kind of private assurance to the Americans that he wo n't surprise them with any more building projects .
But his speech shows that on the fundamentals of the issue the US and Israel are far apart .
She said the continued expansion of Jewish settlements undermined " mutual trust and endangers the proximity talks that are the first step toward the full negotiations that both sides want and need " .
" It exposes daylight between Israel and the United States that others in the region hope to exploit , " she added .
Last week , the Israeli prime minister proposed a series of " trust - building measures " that he said represented " a real effort " to aid US peace efforts .
Although details have not yet been made public , Israeli officials said these included an agreement to discuss all outstanding issues in the indirect " proximity talks " being mediated by US special envoy George Mitchell .
In Monday 's speech , Mr Netanyahu also warned that " Iran 's brazen bid to develop nuclear weapons ... is the threat to the entire world " .
He urged the world community to act " swiftly " to " swart this danger " .
Iran insists its nuclear programme is solely for civilian purposes .
Mr Netanyahu is scheduled to meet President Obama later on Tuesday .
Meanwhile , at least three people were injured in an Israeli air strike overnight in the east of Gaza City , Palestinian officials said .
Israel said the air strike in Gaza was retaliation for rocket attacks
The Israeli military said its aircraft had targeted a weapons storage facility in retaliation for Palestinian rocket attacks since Thursday , one killing a Thai farm worker .
In a separate incident , an Israeli soldier was shot dead by his comrades on the Gaza border .
An army spokesman said one group of soldiers had opened fire on another after mistaking them for Palestinians who had crossed the border into Israel .
Three Palestinian men who were later captured and taken in for questioning were found to be unarmed .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Two of the things that Flash is often criticized for is that it :
Uses too much CPU Performs significantly worse on the Mac than on Windows
This got me thinking about whether some quick tests would bear this out , and if so , whether it was isolated to just Flash content .
Below are some raw numbers showing CPU usage of various rich content across different browsers and operating systems .
This includes video deployed via HTML 5 , JavaScript / Canvas animations , Flash Video , and Flash animations .
This is by no means a scientific study , but I do think the results show that :
Flash does not necessarily perform worse on Mac as opposed to PC
All rich media content , including that created with JavaScript / HTML 5 content show ( sometimes widely ) varying levels of performance across browsers and operating systems
All numbers below show CPU usage as a total of all CPU resources available on the system .
This means that if you are running on a machine with more than one core processor , then CPU usage can be over 100 % .
This is how Mac shows CPU usage , and I feel it gives a clearer picture of how much CPU any individual item is using .
Windows CPU usage have been normalized to show CPU usage in terms of this overall CPU usage .
All tests were run on the following hardware :
Model Identifier : MacPro3,1 Processor Name : Quad - Core Intel Xeon Processor Speed : 3 GHz Number of Processors : 2 Total Number of Cores : 8 L2 Cache : 12 MB Memory : 8 GB Bus Speed : 1.6 GHz
I have both a Windows 7 and OS X partition on this computer , and Windows 7 tests were run while booted into Windows 7 .
For browsers , I used the latest release browser versions .
For Flash Player , I used the latest labs release ( Flash Player 10.1 Beta 3 : 10,1,51,95 ) .
Mac OS X Versions
Mac OS X 10.6.2 Google Chrome 5.0.307.9 beta Safari 4.0.4 ( 6531.21.10 ) Firefox 3.6 Flash Player MAC 10,1,51,95
Windows 7 Versions
Windows 7 7600 Google Chrome 4.0.249.89 ( 38071 ) Safari 4.0.4 ( 531.21.10 ) Firefox 3.6 Internet Explorer 8.0.7600.16385 Flash Player WIN 10,1,51,95
IMPORTANT , THE ONLY RELEVANT COMPARISONS ARE BETWEEN PERFORMANCE OF THE SAME CONTENT ACROSS DIFFERENT BROWSERS AND OPERATING SYSTEMS .
COMPARING FLASH CONTENT TO JAVASCRIPT CONTENT IN THIS TEST IS NOT VALID GIVEN THE DIFFERENCES IN THE CONTENT AND / OR FUNCTIONALITY .
Below are the pages / content run , and the amount of CPU they took to run .
Lowest CPU usage is highlighted in green , and highest CPU usage is highlighted in red .
I have also included a platform delta line , which shows the range in performance between the high and lowest CPU usage per operating system .
Note , that as time passes , the content at some of the URLs may change , and not reflect the content tested .
Note : I am looking into why Internet Explorer is reporting 0 % CPU usage on some of the JavaScript and Flash examples .
MacHeist Dynamic Canvas / JavaScript animation example
Mac Windows Google Chrome 95 % 80 % Safari 25 % 80 % Firefox 100 % 40 % Internet Explorer NA 0 %
9elements JavaScript / Canvas Dynamic Animation Example
Mac Windows Google Chrome 100 % 96 % Safari 98 % 104 % Firefox 100 % - 170 % 72 % Internet Explorer NA Did Not Work
Sublime HTML 5 HD Video Example
Mac Windows Google Chrome 85 % 24 % Safari 21 % 104 % Firefox 85 % 80 % Internet Explorer NA Did Not Work
HYPE Dynamic Flash Animation Example
Mac Windows Google Chrome 25 % 16 % Safari 17 % 48 % Firefox 23 % 18 % Internet Explorer NA 0 %
Vimeo HD Flash Video Example
Mac Windows Google Chrome 88 % 56 % Safari 58 % 64 % Firefox 70 % 64 % Internet Explorer NA 104 %
Overall Comparative Performance ( shows how often each platform performed the best per content type )
Mac Windows HTML / JavaScript 3 6 Flash 2 4 All 5 10
I am not going to draw any definitive conclusions from this , but I do have some observations based on the results above .
From these tests , Flash content does not perform consistently worse on Mac than on Windows .
There is a wide range of CPU usage for HTML 5 video , depending on the browser / operating system it is being played back on , with Mac generally being slower .
Canvas / JavaScript animations ( at least those tested ) seem to have high CPU usage , and generally run slower on Mac than on Windows ( although not in all cases ) .
Some of the HTML / JavaScript content would not run across all browsers .
There seems to be some bug in the tested Flash Player when playing back video in Firefox .
CPU usage would climb very high , and then drop .
( I have reported this to the team ) .
Availability of hardware acceleration for playing back video looks like it makes a huge difference in CPU usage ( duh ! ) .
Regardless of technology ( Flash and JavaScript / HTML ) , performance of rich media can vary widely depending on which browser / operating system it runs on .
AGAIN , AS I STATED BEFORE THE ONLY RELEVANT COMPARISONS ARE BETWEEN PERFORMANCE OF THE SAME CONTENT ACROSS DIFFERENT BROWSERS AND OPERATING SYSTEMS .
COMPARING FLASH CONTENT TO JAVASCRIPT CONTENT IN THESE TESTS IS NOT VALID GIVEN THE DIFFERENCES IN THE CONTENT AND / OR FUNCTIONALITY .
Please keep comments on topic .
Off topic comments will be moderated / deleted .
Update ( March 10 , 2010 ) :
You can find similar ( but separate ) tests and discussions on this topic here and here .
Update ( March 11 , 2010 ) : Updated to make it clearer which Flash Player version was being used .
( Editor ’s Note : we are pleased to bring you this arti­cle thanks to our col­lab­o­ra­tion with Greater Good Mag­a­zine ) .
The Evo­lu­tion of Empa­thy
Empa­thy ’s not a unique­ly human trait , explains pri­ma­tol­o­gist Frans de Waal .
Apes and oth­er ani­mals feel it as well , sug­gest­ing that empa­thy is tru­ly an essen­tial part of who we are .
Once upon a time , the Unit­ed States had a pres­i­dent known for a pecu­liar facial dis­play .
In an act of con­trolled emo­tion , he would bite his low­er lip and tell his audi­ence , “ I feel your pain . ”
Whether the dis­play was sin­cere is not the issue here ; how we are affect­ed by anoth­er ’s predica­ment is .
Empa­thy is sec­ond nature to us , so much so that any­one devoid of it strikes us as dan­ger­ous or men­tal­ly ill .
At the movies , we ca n’t help but get inside the skin of the char­ac­ters on the screen .
We despair when their gigan­tic ship sinks ; we exult when they final­ly stare into the eyes of a long - lost lover .
We are so used to empa­thy that we take it for grant­ed , yet it is essen­tial to human soci­ety as we know it .
Our moral­i­ty depends on it :
How could any­one be expect­ed to fol­low the gold­en rule with­out the capac­i­ty to men­tal­ly trade places with a fel­low human being ?
It is log­i­cal to assume that this capac­i­ty came first , giv­ing rise to the gold­en rule itself .
The act of per­spec­tive - tak­ing is summed up by one of the most endur­ing def­i­n­i­tions of empa­thy that we have , for­mu­lat­ed by Adam Smith as “ chang­ing places in fan­cy with the suf­fer­er . ”
Even Smith , the father of eco­nom­ics , best known for empha­siz­ing self - inter­est as the lifeblood of human econ­o­my , under­stood that the con­cepts of self - inter­est and empa­thy do n’t con­flict .
Empa­thy makes us reach out to oth­ers , first just emo­tion­al­ly , but lat­er in life also by under­stand­ing their sit­u­a­tion .
This capac­i­ty like­ly evolved because it served our ances­tors ’ sur­vival in two ways .
First , like every mam­mal , we need to be sen­si­tive to the needs of our off­spring .
Sec­ond , our species depends on coop­er­a­tion , which means that we do bet­ter if we are sur­round­ed by healthy , capa­ble group mates .
Tak­ing care of them is just a mat­ter of enlight­ened self - inter­est .
Ani­mal empa­thy
It is hard to imag­ine that empathy — a char­ac­ter­is­tic so basic to the human species that it emerges ear­ly in life , and is accom­pa­nied by strong phys­i­o­log­i­cal reactions — came into exis­tence only when our lin­eage split off from that of the apes .
It must be far old­er than that .
Exam­ples of empa­thy in oth­er ani­mals would sug­gest a long evo­lu­tion­ary his­to­ry to this capac­i­ty in humans .
Evo­lu­tion rarely throws any­thing out .
Instead , struc­tures are trans­formed , mod­i­fied , co-opt­ed for oth­er func­tions , or tweaked in anoth­er direc­tion .
The frontal fins of fish became the front limbs of land ani­mals , which over time turned into hoofs , paws , wings , and hands .
Occa­sion­al­ly , a struc­ture los­es all func­tion and becomes super­flu­ous , but this is a grad­ual process , and traits rarely dis­ap­pear alto­geth­er .
Thus , we find tiny ves­tiges of leg bones under the skin of whales and rem­nants of a pelvis in snakes .
Over the last sev­er­al decades , we ’ve seen increas­ing evi­dence of empa­thy in oth­er species .
One piece of evi­dence came unin­ten­tion­al­ly out of a study on human devel­op­ment .
Car­olyn Zahn - Waxler , a research psy­chol­o­gist at the Nation­al Insti­tute of Men­tal Health , vis­it­ed peo­ple ’s homes to find out how young chil­dren respond to fam­i­ly mem­bers ’ emo­tions .
She instruct­ed peo­ple to pre­tend to sob , cry , or choke , and found that some house­hold pets seemed as wor­ried as the chil­dren were by the feigned dis­tress of the fam­i­ly mem­bers .
The pets hov­ered near­by and put their heads in their own­ers ’ laps .
But per­haps the most com­pelling evi­dence for the strength of ani­mal empa­thy came from a group of psy­chi­a­trists led by Jules Masser­man at North­west­ern Uni­ver­si­ty .
The researchers report­ed in 1964 in the Amer­i­can Jour­nal of Psy­chi­a­try that rhe­sus mon­keys refused to pull a chain that deliv­ered food to them­selves if doing so gave a shock to a com­pan­ion .
One mon­key stopped pulling the chain for 12 days after wit­ness­ing anoth­er mon­key receive a shock .
Those pri­mates were lit­er­al­ly starv­ing them­selves to avoid shock­ing anoth­er ani­mal .
The anthro­poid apes , our clos­est rel­a­tives , are even more remark­able .
In 1925 , Robert Yerkes report­ed how his bonobo , Prince Chim , was so extra­or­di­nar­i­ly con­cerned and pro­tec­tive toward his sick­ly chim­panzee com­pan­ion , Panzee , that the sci­en­tif­ic estab­lish­ment might not accept his claims :
“ If I were to tell of his altru­is­tic and obvi­ous­ly sym­pa­thet­ic behav­ior towards Panzee , I should be sus­pect­ed of ide­al­iz­ing an ape . ”
Nadia Lady­gi­na - Kohts , a pri­ma­to­log­i­cal pio­neer , noticed sim­i­lar empath­ic ten­den­cies in her young chim­panzee , Joni , whom she raised at the begin­ning of the last cen­tu­ry , in Moscow .
Kohts , who ana­lyzed Joni ’s behav­ior in the minut­est detail , dis­cov­ered that the only way to get him off the roof of her house after an escape — much more effec­tive than any reward or threat of punishment — was by arous­ing sym­pa­thy :
If I pre­tend to be cry­ing , close my eyes and weep , Joni imme­di­ate­ly stops his plays or any oth­er activ­i­ties , quick­ly runs over to me , all excit­ed and shagged , from the most remote places in the house , such as the roof or the ceil­ing of his cage , from where I could not dri­ve him down despite my per­sis­tent calls and entreaties .
He hasti­ly runs around me , as if look­ing for the offend­er ; look­ing at my face , he ten­der­ly takes my chin in his palm , light­ly touch­es my face with his fin­ger , as though try­ing to under­stand what is hap­pen­ing , and turns around , clench­ing his toes into firm fists .
These obser­va­tions sug­gest that apart from emo­tion­al con­nect­ed­ness , apes have an appre­ci­a­tion of the oth­er ’s sit­u­a­tion and show a degree of per­spec­tive - tak­ing .
One strik­ing report in this regard con­cerns a bonobo female named Kuni , who found a wound­ed bird in her enclo­sure at Twycross Zoo , in Eng­land .
Kuni picked up the bird , and when her keep­er urged her to let it go , she climbed to the high­est point of the high­est tree , care­ful­ly unfold­ed the bird ’s wings and spread them wide open , one wing in each hand , before throw­ing it as hard as she could toward the bar­ri­er of the enclo­sure .
When the bird fell short , Kuni climbed down and guard­ed it until the end of the day , when it flew to safe­ty .
Obvi­ous­ly , what Kuni did would have been inap­pro­pri­ate toward a mem­ber of her own species .
Hav­ing seen birds in flight many times , she seemed to have a notion of what would be good for a bird , thus giv­ing us an anthro­poid illus­tra­tion of Smith ’s “ chang­ing places in fan­cy . ”
This is not to say that all we have are anec­dotes .
Sys­tem­at­ic stud­ies have been con­duct­ed on so - called “ con­so­la­tion ” behav­ior .
Con­so­la­tion is defined as friend­ly or reas­sur­ing behav­ior by a bystander toward a vic­tim of aggres­sion .
For exam­ple , chim­panzee A attacks chim­panzee B , after which bystander C comes over and embraces or grooms B. Based on hun­dreds of such obser­va­tions , we know that con­so­la­tion occurs reg­u­lar­ly and exceeds base­line lev­els of con­tact .
In oth­er words , it is a demon­stra­ble ten­den­cy that prob­a­bly reflects empa­thy , since the objec­tive of the con­sol­er seems to be to alle­vi­ate the dis­tress of the oth­er .
In fact , the usu­al effect of this kind of behav­ior is that it stops scream­ing , yelp­ing , and oth­er signs of dis­tress .
A bot­tom - up view of empa­thy
The above exam­ples help explain why to the biol­o­gist , a Russ­ian doll is such a sat­is­fy­ing play­thing , espe­cial­ly if it has a his­tor­i­cal dimen­sion .
I own a doll of Russ­ian Pres­i­dent Vladimir Putin , with­in whom we dis­cov­er Yeltsin , Gor­bachev , Brezh­nev , Kruschev , Stal­in , and Lenin , in that order .
Find­ing a lit­tle Lenin and Stal­in with­in Putin will hard­ly sur­prise most polit­i­cal ana­lysts .
The same is true for bio­log­i­cal traits :
The old always remains present in the new .
This is rel­e­vant to the debate about the ori­gins of empa­thy , espe­cial­ly because of the ten­den­cy in some dis­ci­plines , such as psy­chol­o­gy , to put human capac­i­ties on a pedestal .
They essen­tial­ly adopt a top - down approach that empha­sizes the unique­ness of human lan­guage , con­scious­ness , and cog­ni­tion .
But instead of try­ing to place empa­thy in the upper regions of human cog­ni­tion , it is prob­a­bly best to start out exam­in­ing the sim­plest pos­si­ble process­es , some per­haps even at the cel­lu­lar lev­el .
In fact , recent neu­ro­science research sug­gests that very basic process­es do under­lie empa­thy .
Researchers at the Uni­ver­si­ty of Par­ma , in Italy , were the first to report that mon­keys have spe­cial brain cells that become active not only if the mon­key grasps an object with its hand but also if it mere­ly watch­es anoth­er do the same .
Since these cells are acti­vat­ed as much by doing as by see­ing some­one else do , they are known as mir­ror neu­rons , or “ mon­key see , mon­key do ” neu­rons .
It seems that devel­op­men­tal­ly and evo­lu­tion­ar­i­ly , advanced forms of empa­thy are pre­ced­ed by and grow out of more ele­men­tary ones .
Biol­o­gists pre­fer such bot­tom - up accounts .
They always assume con­ti­nu­ity between past and present , child and adult , human and ani­mal , even between humans and the most prim­i­tive mam­mals .
So , how and why would this trait have evolved in humans and oth­er species ?
Empa­thy prob­a­bly evolved in the con­text of the parental care that char­ac­ter­izes all mam­mals .
Sig­nal­ing their state through smil­ing and cry­ing , human infants urge their care­giv­er to take action .
This also applies to oth­er pri­mates .
The sur­vival val­ue of these inter­ac­tions is evi­dent from the case of a deaf female chim­panzee I have known named Krom , who gave birth to a suc­ces­sion of infants and had intense pos­i­tive inter­est in them .
But because she was deaf , she would­ n’t even notice her babies ’ calls of dis­tress if she sat down on them .
Krom ’s case illus­trates that with­out the prop­er mech­a­nism for under­stand­ing and respond­ing to a child ’s needs , a species will not sur­vive .
Dur­ing the 180 mil­lion years of mam­malian evo­lu­tion , females who respond­ed to their off­spring ’s needs out - repro­duced those who were cold and dis­tant .
Hav­ing descend­ed from a long line of moth­ers who nursed , fed , cleaned , car­ried , com­fort­ed , and defend­ed their young , we should not be sur­prised by gen­der dif­fer­ences in human empa­thy , such as those pro­posed to explain the dis­pro­por­tion­ate rate of boys affect­ed by autism , which is marked by a lack of social com­mu­ni­ca­tion skills .
Empa­thy also plays a role in coop­er­a­tion .
One needs to pay close atten­tion to the activ­i­ties and goals of oth­ers to coop­er­ate effec­tive­ly .
A lioness needs to notice quick­ly when oth­er lioness­es go into hunt­ing mode , so that she can join them and con­tribute to the pride ’s suc­cess .
A male chim­panzee needs to pay atten­tion to his bud­dy ’s rival­ries and skir­mish­es with oth­ers so that he can help out when­ev­er need­ed , thus ensur­ing the polit­i­cal suc­cess of their part­ner­ship .
Effec­tive coop­er­a­tion requires being exquis­ite­ly in tune with the emo­tion­al states and goals of oth­ers .
With­in a bot­tom - up frame­work , the focus is not so much on the high­est lev­els of empa­thy , but rather on its sim­plest forms , and how these com­bine with increased cog­ni­tion to pro­duce more com­plex forms of empa­thy .
How did this trans­for­ma­tion take place ?
The evo­lu­tion of empa­thy runs from shared emo­tions and inten­tions between indi­vid­u­als to a greater self / other distinction — that is , an “ unblur­ring ” of the lines between indi­vid­u­als .
As a result , one ’s own expe­ri­ence is dis­tin­guished from that of anoth­er per­son , even though at the same time we are vic­ar­i­ous­ly affect­ed by the oth­er ’s .
This process cul­mi­nates in a cog­ni­tive appraisal of the oth­er ’s behav­ior and sit­u­a­tion :
We adopt the oth­er ’s per­spec­tive .
As in a Russ­ian doll , how­ev­er , the out­er lay­ers always con­tain an inner core .
Instead of evo­lu­tion hav­ing replaced sim­pler forms of empa­thy with more advanced ones , the lat­ter are mere­ly elab­o­ra­tions on the for­mer and remain depen­dent on them .
This also means that empa­thy comes nat­u­ral­ly to us .
It is not some­thing we only learn lat­er in life , or that is cul­tur­al­ly con­struct­ed .
At heart , it is a hard - wired response that we fine - tune and elab­o­rate upon in the course of our lives , until it reach­es a lev­el at which it becomes such a com­plex response that it is hard to rec­og­nize its ori­gin in sim­pler respons­es , such as body mim­ic­ry and emo­tion­al con­ta­gion .
On a leash
Biol­o­gy holds us “ on a leash , ” in the felic­i­tous words of biol­o­gist Edward Wil­son , and will let us stray only so far from who we are .
We can design our life any way we want , but whether we will thrive depends on how well that life fits human pre­dis­po­si­tions .
I hes­i­tate to pre­dict what we humans can and ca n’t do , but we must con­sid­er our bio­log­i­cal leash when decid­ing what kind of soci­ety we want to build , espe­cial­ly when it comes to goals like achiev­ing uni­ver­sal human rights .
If we could man­age to see peo­ple on oth­er con­ti­nents as part of us , draw­ing them into our cir­cle of reci­procity and empa­thy , we would be build­ing upon , rather than going against , our nature .
For instance , in 2004 , the Israeli Min­is­ter of Jus­tice caused polit­i­cal uproar for sym­pa­thiz­ing with the ene­my .
Yosef Lapid ques­tioned the Israeli army ’s plans to demol­ish thou­sands of Pales­tin­ian homes in a zone along the Egypt­ian bor­der .
He had been touched by images on the evening news .
“ When I saw a pic­ture on the TV of an old woman on all fours in the ruins of her home look­ing under some floor tiles for her med­i­cines , I did think , ‘ What would I say if it were my grand­moth­er ? ’ ” he said .
Lapid ’s grand­moth­er was a Holo­caust vic­tim .
This inci­dent shows how a sim­ple emo­tion can widen the def­i­n­i­tion of one ’s group .
Lapid had sud­den­ly real­ized that Pales­tini­ans were part of his cir­cle of con­cern , too .
Empa­thy is the one weapon in the human reper­toire that can rid us of the curse of xeno­pho­bia .
Empa­thy is frag­ile , though .
Among our close ani­mal rel­a­tives , it is switched on by events with­in their com­mu­ni­ty , such as a young­ster in dis­tress , but it is just as eas­i­ly switched off with regards to out­siders or mem­bers of oth­er species , such as prey .
The way a chim­panzee bash­es in the skull of a live mon­key by hit­ting it against a tree trunk is no adver­tise­ment for ape empa­thy .
Bono­bos are less bru­tal , but in their case , too , empa­thy needs to pass through sev­er­al fil­ters before it will be expressed .
Often , the fil­ters pre­vent expres­sions of empa­thy because no ape can afford feel­ing pity for all liv­ing things all the time .
This applies equal­ly to humans .
Our evo­lu­tion­ary back­ground makes it hard to iden­ti­fy with out­siders .
We ’ve evolved to hate our ene­mies , to ignore peo­ple we bare­ly know , and to dis­trust any­body who does­ n’t look like us .
Even if we are large­ly coop­er­a­tive with­in our com­mu­ni­ties , we become almost a dif­fer­ent ani­mal in our treat­ment of strangers .
This is the chal­lenge of our time : glob­al­iza­tion by a trib­al species .
In try­ing to struc­ture the world such that it suits human nature , the point to keep in mind is that polit­i­cal ide­o­logues by def­i­n­i­tion hold nar­row views .
They are blind to what they do n’t wish to see .
The pos­si­bil­i­ty that empa­thy is part of our pri­mate her­itage ought to make us hap­py , but we are not in the habit of embrac­ing our nature .
When peo­ple kill each oth­er , we call them “ ani­mals . ”
But when they give to the poor , we praise them for being “ humane . ”
We like to claim the lat­ter ten­den­cy for our­selves .
Yet , it will be hard to come up with any­thing we like about our­selves that is not part of our evo­lu­tion­ary back­ground .
What we need , there­fore , is a vision of human nature that encom­pass­es all of our ten­den­cies : the good , the bad , and the ugly .
Our best hope for tran­scend­ing trib­al dif­fer­ences is based on the moral emo­tions , because emo­tions defy ide­ol­o­gy .
In prin­ci­ple , empa­thy can over­ride every rule about how to treat oth­ers .
When Oskar Schindler kept Jews out of con­cen­tra­tion camps dur­ing World War II , for exam­ple , he was under clear orders by his soci­ety on how to treat peo­ple , yet his feel­ings inter­fered .
Car­ing emo­tions may lead to sub­ver­sive acts , such as the case of a prison guard who dur­ing wartime was direct­ed to feed his charges only water and bread , but who occa­sion­al­ly sneaked in a hard - boiled egg .
How­ev­er small his ges­ture , it etched itself into the pris­on­ers ’ mem­o­ries as a sign that not all of their ene­mies were mon­sters .
And then there are the many acts of omis­sion , such as when sol­diers could have killed cap­tives with­out neg­a­tive reper­cus­sions but decid­ed not to .
In war , restraint can be a form of com­pas­sion .
Emo­tions trump rules .
This is why , when speak­ing of moral role mod­els , we talk of their hearts , not their brains ( even if , as any neu­ro­sci­en­tist will point out , the heart as the seat of emo­tions is an out­dat­ed notion ) .
We rely more on what we feel than what we think when solv­ing moral dilem­mas .
It ’s not that reli­gion and cul­ture do n’t have a role to play , but the build­ing blocks of moral­i­ty clear­ly pre­date human­i­ty .
We rec­og­nize them in our pri­mate rel­a­tives , with empa­thy being most con­spic­u­ous in the bonobo ape and reci­procity in the chim­panzee .
Moral rules tell us when and how to apply our empath­ic ten­den­cies , but the ten­den­cies them­selves have been in exis­tence since time immemo­r­i­al .
– Frans B. M. de Waal , Ph.D. , a Dutch - born pri­ma­tol­o­gist , is the C. H. Can­dler Pro­fes­sor at Emory Uni­ver­si­ty and direc­tor of the Liv­ing Links Cen­ter at the Yerkes Nation­al Pri­mate Research Cen­ter in Atlanta .
This essay is adapt­ed from his book , Our Inner Ape : A Lead­ing Pri­ma­tol­o­gist Explains Why We Are Who We Are .
His lat­est book is The Age of Empa­thy .
Greater Good Mag­a­zine , based at UC - Berke­ley , is a quar­ter­ly mag­a­zine that high­lights ground break­ing sci­en­tif­ic research into the roots of com­pas­sion and altru­ism .
Relat­ed arti­cles by Greater Good Mag­a­zine :
Good advice for any prospective GSoC student , regardless of gender
I 'm also a mentor for Gentoo again this year , after taking a break last year .
You can find our list of potential ideas here : Google Summer of Code 2010 ideas for Gentoo
But do n't limit yourself to them !
Creative ideas can get you very far too :-)
I 'll also be the infrastructure contact for the accepted SoC students , for any issues you have with the source code repositories ( we 'll be offering Git again ) , your shell accounts , and a sounding board on deploying your successful project ( for those that hosting or larger resources ) .
" Last year we had about 2,500 cases , and we believe that in the next two or three years we will have zero cases of Guinea worm in Sudan , " he said during a mid-February visit to Lojura where he met worm - infected villagers .
Problem 1
Maya lists all the positive divisors of .
She then randomly selects two distinct divisors from this list .
Let be the probability that exactly one of the selected divisors is a perfect square .
The probability can be expressed in the form , where and are relatively prime positive integers .
Find .
Solution
Problem 2
Find the remainder when is divided by .
Solution
Problem 3
Suppose that and .
The quantity can be expressed as a rational number , where and are relatively prime positive integers .
Find .
Solution
Problem 4
Jackie and Phil have two fair coins and a third coin that comes up heads with probability .
Jackie flips the three coins , and then Phil flips the three coins .
Let be the probability that Jackie gets the same number of heads as Phil , where and are relatively prime positive integers .
Find .
Solution
Problem 5
Positive integers , , , and satisfy , , and .
Find the number of possible values of .
Solution
Problem 6
Let be a quadratic polynomial with real coefficients satisfying for all real numbers , and suppose .
Find .
Solution
Problem 7
Define an ordered triple of sets to be if and .
For example , is a minimally intersecting triple .
Let be the number of minimally intersecting ordered triples of sets for which each set is a subset of .
Find the remainder when is divided by .
Note : represents the number of elements in the set .
Solution
Problem 8
For a real number , let denote the greatest integer less than or equal to .
Let denote the region in the coordinate plane consisting of points such that .
The region is completely contained in a disk of radius ( a disk is the union of a circle and its interior ) .
The minimum value of can be written as , where and are integers and is not divisible by the square of any prime .
Find .
Solution
Problem 9
Let be a real solution of the system of equations , , .
The greatest possible value of can be written in the form , where and are relatively prime positive integers .
Find .
Solution
Problem 10
Let be the number of ways to write in the form , where the 's are integers , and .
An example of such a representation is .
Find .
Solution
Problem 11
Let be the region consisting of the set of points in the coordinate plane that satisfy both and .
When is revolved around the line whose equation is , the volume of the resulting solid is , where , , and are positive integers , and are relatively prime , and is not divisible by the square of any prime .
Find .
Solution
Problem 12
Let be an integer and let .
Find the smallest value of such that for every partition of into two subsets , at least one of the subsets contains integers , , and ( not necessarily distinct ) such that .
Note : a partition of is a pair of sets , such that , .
Solution
Problem 13
Rectangle and a semicircle with diameter are coplanar and have nonoverlapping interiors .
Let denote the region enclosed by the semicircle and the rectangle .
Line meets the semicircle , segment , and segment at distinct points , , and , respectively .
Line divides region into two regions with areas in the ratio .
Suppose that , , and .
Then can be represented as , where and are positive integers and is not divisible by the square of any prime .
Find .
Solution
Problem 14
For each positive integer let .
Find the largest value of for which .
Note : is the greatest integer less than or equal to .
Solution
Problem 15
In with , , and , let be a point on such that the incircles of and have equal radii .
Then , where and are relatively prime positive integers .
Find .
Solution
See also
The problems on this page are copyrighted by the Mathematical Association of America 's American Mathematics Competitions .
Use a Facebook account to add a comment , subject to Facebook 's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy .
Your Facebook name , photo & other personal information you make public on Facebook will appear with your comment , and may be used on ESPN 's media platforms .
Learn more .
Rep. Reyes Introduces a Measure Re-Criminalizing Torture
Created : February 25 , 2010 14:33 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
Rep. Silvestre Reyes ( D - Texas ) , the chairman of the House intelligence committee , introduced an amendment to the 2010 intelligence authorization bill imposing a 15 - year criminal sentence on any “ officer or employee of the intelligence community ” who tortures a detainee .
( Twenty years if the torture involves an “ act of medical malfeasance ” ; life if the detainee dies . )
Specifically , the proposed Cruel , Inhuman and Degrading Interrogations Prohibition
Act proscribes “ forcing the individual to be naked , perform sexual acts or pose in a sexual manner ” — a la Abu Ghraib — “ beatings , electrical shock , burns , or inflicting physical pain ; waterboarding ; using military working dogs ; inducing hypothermia ” — it happened at Guantanamo to Mohammed al - Qatani — sleep deprivation , dietary manipulation , denial of medical care , “ using force or the threat of force ” ; “ mock executions ; ” religious desecration in an intelligence context ; “ sensory deprivation ” ; “ prolonged isolation ” ; “ placing hoods or sacks over the heads of the individual ; ” “ exploiting the phobias of the individual ” and more .
Basically , it clarifies that the entire parade of outside - the - Army - Field - Manual - on - Interrogation horrors during the Bush administration are criminal acts .
We ’ll see if this ever actually makes it to President Obama ’s desk .
The CIA declined to comment on pending legislation .
The Australian Human Rights Commission has threatened legal action against a widely read but controversial US - based website over an article that encourages racial hatred against Aborigines .
But online users ' lobby group Electronic Frontiers Australia said that trying to stamp out the deplorable content would only create the " Streisand " effect , whereby an attempt to censor online content only brings more attention to it .
In a letter to Joseph Evers , the owner of Encyclopedia Dramatica ( ED ) - a more shocking version of Wikipedia that contains racist and other offensive articles dubbed as " satire " - the commission said it had received 20 complaints from Aborigines over the " Aboriginal " page on the site .
The same page was in the news in January when , in a rare move , Google Australia agreed to remove links to the article from its search engine following legal action from Aboriginal man Steve Hodder - Watt .
On the Australian Communication and Media Authority 's blacklist of " refused classification " websites , which was leaked in March last year , encyclopediadramatica.com was included .
This means the entire site will most likely be blocked under the government 's forthcoming internet filtering plan .
THE elections on March 28th and 29th in 13 of Italy 's 20 regions were meant to seal Silvio Berlusconi 's resurgence after a run of scandals over his private life .
Eleven regions are held by the centre - left opposition .
The prime minister , coasting on a wave of sympathy after an attack by a mentally unstable man in December , had hoped his People of Freedom ( PdL ) movement might oust up to five centrist and left - wing governors .
But its campaign is in chaos — and the government 's ratings are plunging .
To think that it all started with a bread roll .
That is what Alfredo Milioni , a former bus -driver charged with registering the PdL's candidates in Lazio ( which includes Rome ) , first said had lured him from the queue at the electoral office on February 27th .
He later offered two other explanations for missing the deadline .
Party leaders claimed he had fallen into a trap set by the opposition .
But nobody disputes that he returned after the deadline had expired .
Electoral officials duly refused to accept the PdL's slate .
That , and two failed court appeals , has left the ruling party out of the race in Lazio , one of five potential swing regions .
It was almost excluded in Lombardy too , this time because some of its signatures seemed dubious .
What do you do if you are in a fix , having failed to abide by the rules ?
In the case of Silvio Berlusconi , you alter the rules .
On March 5th his cabinet approved a decree to allow the candidates to run after all .
President Giorgio Napolitano signed it into law , prompting one opposition leader , Antonio Di Pietro , to call for his impeachment .
The decree transformed a farce into yet another example of Mr Berlusconi 's contempt for the rule of law , of a piece with a new draft law to allow ministers to delay criminal trials against them .
Yet the cabinet 's decree has united his often fractious opponents and so far failed to achieve its objective .
On March 8th yet another court ruled against the PdL , saying that a government ordinance could not change regional law .
Moreover , said the judges , PdL representatives were required to have been at the electoral office when the deadline expired , and there was no proof they were .
The ruling added to a growing impression of incompetence among PdL officials .
Umberto Bossi , the Northern League leader , has called them “ amateurs out of their depth ” .
This is damaging to Mr Berlusconi because he has sold himself as leader of a team that gets results .
His government was already losing ground in the polls after a scandal over public - works contracts .
On March 7th Corriere della Sera newspaper put the government 's approval rating at just 39 % , down from over 50 % in December .
Another survey in Panorama , a magazine , suggested that the centre - left would hold on to all but one region .
Mr Berlusconi's response was characteristic .
On March 9th he abruptly turned victim , blaming his woes on opposition conspirators and left - wing judges , and announcing “ a big , national demonstration to defend our right to vote . ”
Fanfares , ticker - tape parades and pompom - wielding cheerleaders failed to greet the news that the UK economy grew by 0.1 per cent in the quarter - year to December .
That ’s as it should be , because this is as fragile as a recovery can possibly be , after six quarters of economic contraction .
This is assuming we can trust the figures , which we almost certainly can’t , not because of government fiddling but because the data come in over time , and retrospectively alter the GDP estimate .
The number goes on changing for months , indeed years .
It may well be that the position is worse than it looks .
It may be that it ’s better : unemployment fell by 7000 in December , beating expectations , so perhaps the economy is in better nick than 0.1 per cent growth suggests .
On the other hand , the forward movement is so feeble it could easily snap back into reverse .
Anecdotal evidence says that the cold weather caused mayhem in retail during what should be the sales period of January .
The new year ’s rise in VAT , back to the old rate of 17.5 per cent , gave an artificial boost to the last quarter , as people acted to beat the increase .
Take that effect away and the next quarter might well undergo a corresponding bump downwards .
The scrappage scheme for knackered cars ends soon .
These factors together might tip the UK back into recession .
The new quarter ’s data will be published in lateish April , right at the climax of the general election campaign .
If the figures show that the UK has gone back into recession , Labour will be in big trouble .
For the moment , though , let ’s accept the data at face value .
We had the longest period of sustained economic growth since records began , followed by the longest period of sustained economic contraction since records began , all of it under the leadership of a government that repeatedly and explicitly promised ‘ an end to boom and bust ’ .
You used to hear men of the world say that ‘ Labour ’s biggest achievement has been not fucking up the economy . ’
You hear less of that now .
One has to admit that the impact of the recession has been peculiar .
The unemployment data might be less bad than expected , but 511,000 people still lost their jobs in the year to December , at the rate of 1400 jobs a day .
A British property is repossessed every 11 minutes .
It has been both the deepest and the longest downturn since records began .
And yet , to be honest , it has n’t quite felt like it .
The recession has been unevenly distributed .
The milder downturns of the Tory years seemed harsher and more widespread .
Perhaps this is an artefact of a lower pound , which has made the visited parts of Britain seem busier ; of the drop in mortgage interest payments , which has put significant wads of cash in many houseowners ’ pockets ; and of still rising public sector pay .
It may also be that because the country is , in absolute terms , richer than it was , we notice the downturn less .
We are declining from a much higher base , and that seems to make a subjective difference .
Any or all of these factors could go into reverse – and even if they do n’t , the recovery will be hard .
The historic pattern , unfortunately , is that as many people will lose their jobs in the initial recovery as lost them in the downturn .
The principal reason for this is that businesses keep going under at a significant rate .
The primary source of winding - up petitions – applications to have a firm put into receivership for non-payment of bills – is the taxman .
In recessions the Inland Revenue tends to be understanding towards the difficulties of businesses and individuals .
When things pick up , he goes back to being bad cop .
Also , when businesses are quiet , they are worth less .
If a company owes you money , but is doing so badly that its assets ( its stock , say , or its premises ) are worth very little , you ’d be well advised to wait for it to recover before you demand your money back .
So that ’s what creditors do : when the assets have recovered some value , that ’s when they insist on being paid .
For these reasons among others , recoveries from recession tend to be long and hard .
There is an additional complicating factor this time , and it is the amount of fuel the government has pumped into the economy .
Interest rates are at historically unprecedented lows , and the government has spent £ 200 billion on quantitative easing , in effect buying things from itself with virtual money .
We have a record deficit amounting to 12.8 per cent of GDP – that ’s the gap between what the government is taking in revenue and what it is spending .
That ’s worse than Greece .
In 2008 - 9 , we had gross debt amounting to 55 per cent of GDP ; by 2010 - 11 we will hit 82 per cent .
In plain English , we ’ve gone into debt at a speed never before achieved , and have built up debts never before seen in peacetime .
The foot is on the floor and the needle is in the red .
There ’s no choice except to slow down – but nobody knows quite how to do it , because it ’s never been done before .
Put all these things together , and the state we ’re in does n’t look peachy .
The imminence of the general election does n’t help .
Broadly speaking , the circumstances are such that it should n’t much matter who wins the election , not in economic terms .
The economic realities are harsh and are likely to determine most of what the new government does .
Labour have promised to cut the deficit in half within four years .
They have n’t spelled out how they are going to do it , and until recently Gordon Brown was talking about ‘ Tory cuts versus Labour investment ’ – which , given what he must know about what the figures mean , is jaw - droppingly cynical .
The reality is that the budget , and the explicit promises of both parties , imply a commitment to cuts of about 11 per cent across the board .
Both parties , however , have said that they will ring - fence spending on health , education and overseas development .
Plug in those numbers and we are looking at cuts everywhere else of 16 per cent .
( By the way , a two - year freeze in NHS spending – which is what Labour have talked about – would be its sharpest contraction in 60 years . )
Cuts of that magnitude have never been achieved in this country .
Mrs
Thatcher managed to cut some areas of public spending to zero growth ; the difference between that and a contraction of 16 per cent is unimaginable .
The Institute for Fiscal Studies – which admittedly specialises in bad news of this kind – thinks the numbers are , even in this dire prognosis , too optimistic .
It makes less optimistic assumptions about the growth of the economy , preferring not to accept the Treasury ’s rose - coloured figure of 2.75 per cent .
Plugging these less cheerful growth estimates into its fiscal model , the guesstimate for the cuts , if the ring - fencing is enforced , is from 18 to 24 per cent .
What does that mean ?
According to Rowena Crawford , an IFS economist , quoted in the FT : ‘ For the Ministry of Defence an 18 per cent cut means something on the scale of no longer employing the army . ’
The FT then extrapolates :
At the transport ministry , an 18 per cent reduction would take out more than a third of the department ’s grant to Network Rail ; a 24 per cent reduction is about equivalent to ending all current and capital expenditure on roads .
At the Ministry of Justice an 18 per cent reduction broadly equates to closing all the courts , a 24 per cent cut to shutting two - thirds of all prisons .
This is good blood - curdling stuff .
But it is , I think , impossible for anyone to believe that any British government will ever administer cuts in public spending of that order .
Getting rid of the army or of the courts ?
I do n’t think so – and yet that ’s the magnitude of change promised by the promised assault on public spending .
The political parties are doing everything they can to look serious about cutting the deficit , but they wo n’t go anywhere near specific proposals , and for good reason : to do so would be electoral suicide .
That in turn means that even if they wanted to administer this order of cuts , they would have no mandate to do so .
So why all the posturing about the deficit ?
‘ I used to think if there was reincarnation , I wanted to come back as the president or the pope or a .400 baseball hitter , ’ James Carville said in the early years of the Clinton administration .
‘ But now I want to come back as the bond market .
You can intimidate everybody . ’
It is the bond market , more than anything else , which is currently forcing the government to pretend to take the deficit seriously .
This is one of the reasons for the tensions between Gordon Brown and his chancellor .
Brown is allergic to the word ‘ cuts ’ .
He clearly experiences actual physical difficulty with the term , for good reason , since it does a lot to invalidate most of what he ’s done in office over the last 13 years .
Darling , on the other hand , has to placate the markets , and they demand a higher degree of fiscal rectitude from the UK , which means lower spending and higher taxes .
If Darling does n’t look convincing , there will be a ‘ buyer ’s strike ’ and nobody will want to buy the many tens of billions of pounds of debt which the British government is going to have to issue over the next years .
If that happens , the government will have a very serious problem .
You can lie to the electorate , but you ca n’t lie to the bond market , which is why there will certainly be cuts , severe ones – just not quite as severe as the Texas Chainsaw Massacre scenario implied in the budget .
These constraints on action are going to be in place whoever wins the election .
To economists , there is a glaringly obvious solution to this conundrum : inflation .
In the present circumstances , any government , faced with a mountain of debt , would want to use inflation to erode the real value of the debt .
Even a relatively modest ( by historic standards ) level of inflation , say 4 per cent , will in ten years take away a third of the value of the debt .
That ’s pretty good going , in return for not having to do anything to reduce the deficit .
The trouble is that the Bank of England has a mandate to keep inflation to a target of 2 per cent .
This was the figure set by the incoming Labour government when it handed the control of inflation over to the bank in 1997 : the single most important decision it took about the economy , and one not mentioned or hinted at in either its manifesto or the general election campaign .
At the same time , Labour took away the regulatory role of the bank and gave it to a new agency , the Financial Services Authority , which essentially relied on the market to regulate itself , with results we can now all clearly see .
So , 2 per cent .
That is a historically low figure , and it is one which , when times are hard , does n’t give much wiggle room to the government to cut interest rates .
These are almost always two or three percentage points above the inflation rate ( they have to be , otherwise nobody would ever deposit money anywhere that paid interest – it would be a guaranteed way of losing money ) .
If inflation is 2 per cent , and interest rates are 5 per cent , then the bank has the power to cut interest rates by 5 per cent before it runs out of room for manoeuvre .
This is what has happened now , with interest rates at a historically unprecedented 0.5 per cent .
There is nowhere else to go ; hence the need to resort to the quantitative easing bag of tricks , to pump some life into the economy .
If the inflation rate had been higher , say 4 per cent , then there would have been more wiggle room .
It might be tempting to let inflation go even higher , creeping up towards the double - figure levels which were standard for long stretches of the 20th century – but this is where the bond market comes in .
That level of inflation would eat away the value of bond investments .
Governments can live with the pain inflation causes their own citizens ( such as the erosion of the value of savings , and agony for people who live on fixed incomes ) , but they ca n’t survive one of those famous bond market ‘ buyers ’ strikes ’ .
So the interest rates on bonds would have to go up sharply , to keep investors onside ; that in turn would have severe consequences for business and the economy and unemployment .
The acceptable limit on inflation , therefore , is pretty low .
As it happens , the IMF has recently started saying that the UK inflation target is too low .
It has 4 per cent in mind .
That offers more room for manoeuvre , and although the bond market might grumble , it would n’t mind too much , because this would also involve new bonds being issued at more interesting interest rates than the current ones .
The yield for a Treasury bond paying until 2049 , for instance , is 4.25 per cent .
That , in return for tying up your cash for 40 years , is unsexy .
A period of higher inflation would juice up the return on newly issued debt .
So the bond market ( which really , truly is the force which determines what happens in this area – I ca n’t stress that enough ) would probably let the government get away with 4 per cent inflation .
Slight problem : the 2 per cent figure is a binding target , to which both parties are committed .
Hmm .
What all this adds up to is a set of constraints so clear they are almost a diagram .
The government has to cut the deficit .
That involves raising taxes and cutting spending .
The government ca n’t do it too quickly , or it would tip the country back into recession .
But the government will have to administer some cuts in spending , because the bond market insists on it .
The government ca n’t cut too thoroughly , because the electorate wo n’t wear it .
Inflation looks like the only way out .
Not too much inflation , because the bond market would n’t like that .
Also , the rules currently forbid it – but the rules , let ’s face it , are the least of the problems .
So it ’s easy to see why financial insiders think it does n’t make much difference who wins the next election .
If the Tories win , they will emulate Thatcher and have an emergency budget within weeks of the election , at which they will , I imagine , put VAT up to 20 per cent and announce a range of cuts timed to kick in , probably , a year later .
The mood music will be dark and they will go to extravagant lengths to blame everything bad on Labour , with the intention of making this point stick through the difficult months and years ahead .
( President Obama , keen to seem above the fray , has n’t done that to the Republicans – which is probably a mistake .
In the equivalent position in 1981 , Reagan never missed an opportunity to criticise the economic legacy of the Carter administration . )
The Tories might well reset the inflation target , on a desperate - times - demand - desperate - measures basis , and assuming there will never again be as clear - cut a window of political opportunity .
Inflation might not be far off 4 per cent anyway , since at the time of writing it has already hit 3.5 .
And if Labour were to win ?
The same .
Only the blame game would be different .
As Stephanie Flanders of the BBC points out on her excellent blog , when the rhetoric is stripped out and the differences between the parties emphasised , they come down to a largely cosmetic debate about the timing of the cuts , and a difference of about 1 per cent of GDP .
The fact that neither main party is willing to talk in plain English about this is disappointing but not surprising .
One can see why the Tories have a problem .
George Osborne , last year , was franker than men in his position usually are when talking about the need for cuts , but there were signs in the polls that the electorate did n’t like it much , so the rhetoric has been wound down a little .
Osborne is n’t going to offer hostages by being specific about what he ’s going to do .
That would immediately offer juicy targets for Labour .
So all he can do is gurn and bluster about cuts while not saying anything that gives him a real mandate to enforce them .
This non-specificity adds to the aura of doubt beginning to accumulate around Oik .
( That was Osborne ’s nickname in the Bullingdon Club : he was an oik because he did n’t go to Eton , only St Paul’s . )
It is the Opposition ’s job to oppose , and perhaps the Tory high command did not want the financial crisis to resemble the Iraq war as a crisis where both the big parties disagreed with public opinion .
But the practical effect of the opposingness has meant that , since the credit crunch , Oik has been wrong on big questions a number of times .
Darling shares responsibility for our having arrived at this predicament , but during the crisis phase of the credit crunch he made a series of bold , decisive , correct choices .
By opposing them , Oik has raised questions about his own competence .
He was wrong to oppose the bank nationalisations , and wrong to oppose the stimulus package to restart the economy .
He was right to think that the FSA , the failed regulator , should be abolished but wrong to say so in public , since that left the financial industry going through a critical period with no adult supervision except a lame - duck regulatory authority .
He is right to want to talk about breaking up the banks but so vague on details that it is n’t clear whether he ’s going to do anything about it when / if in office .
It might be unfair to criticise Oik over the very few concrete proposals he has made about spending cuts , since even these token gestures far exceed anything Labour has managed – but it ’s still the case that the costing of the proposals looks shaky .
It did n’t help that David Cameron got his Boden knickers in a twist about whether or not the Tories are going to subsidise marriage through the tax system .
The sight of the Tories beginning to flounder in this area prompts a dark thought .
I ’ve argued that economic constraints are such that the parties would , in office , be much of a muchness .
But that idea is based on the assumption of managerial competence on the part of the Tories .
We have all more or less got used to the idea that British politics is now managerial rather than ideological , not revolutionary Petersburg or Periclean Athens so much as Oslo city council ; it would be grim indeed if a new government turned out not to be able even to manage .
Conclusion : whatever the political hue of the new government , it has to walk a fiscal tightrope .
It is probably going to be a very good election to lose .
Faced with this , the trajectory of the public mood will , I think , closely match that of the Kübler - Ross grief cycle .
At the moment , thanks to the subjective mildness of the recession , we are still in denial .
Next , as the full extent of the bill becomes clearer , there will be anger , especially since the hard times will have next to no effect on the bankers and politicians who , in the public mind , caused the crisis .
Then there will be a helpful - for - the - government period of inflation .
Then interest rates will shoot up in an attempt to control inflation , and at the same time we will see tax rises , services closing and job losses .
It ’s at this point , as the recovery begins to seem like a tractionless slog , that we ’ll go through the depression stage of the cycle .
The question of the public mood , and of public anger , brings us by easy stages to the banks .
More than a year on from the credit crunch , the question of what is to be done about the banks is still being addressed in mainly rhetorical terms .
My fear , from over here in the cheap seats , has been that the level of action has a precise inverse correlation to the talk , so that when governments talk tough about what they are going to do to control the banks and ‘ crack down on bonuses ’ , what they are in fact intending to do is nothing .
That would mean continuing with the status quo ante and with Too Big to Fail banks that have a taxpayer - underwritten guarantee against losses .
This view has yet to be proved wrong ; no meaningful proposals to effect change have been enacted .
That does n’t mean they never will be , but the time for lawmakers to get on with it is upon us .
The one thing which gives me hope that things will actually happen was the Democrats ’ defeat in Massachusetts .
The next day , Obama appeared in public with Paul Volcker .
( Volcker is one of the central characters in modern American economic history .
He was Carter ’s appointment as head of the Federal Reserve , with a mandate to defeat inflation .
He did that by hoicking interest rates , with unpopular short - term consequences which helped eject Carter from office , but with long - term success .
Volcker ’s actions paved the way for the boom in the US economy which began under Reagan , who reappointed him to the Fed once and then declined to do so again , largely because he was n’t enough of a zealot for deregulation .
How the wheel turns . )
Standing beside Volcker , Obama for the first time adumbrated proposals which genuinely upset the banks .
His plan is for a levy on the size of a bank ’s assets , a fairly pure tax on bigness , combined with a ban on ‘ proprietary trading ’ , which is the gambling that banks do with their own money .
Never mind that neither of these proposals would do the most urgent thing , which is to arrange a way for banks to fail like normal businesses , without risking the rest of the economy ; never mind that proprietary trading did n’t have all that much to do with the credit crunch ; never mind that the proposals that emerge from Congress in an election year are likely to be watered down to sub- homeopathic levels .
The thing that shocked bankers was the evident intent .
This really was an attempt to put serious constraints on their behaviour .
Waah !
Not fair !
It was bonuses which put bank - bashing back on the rhetorical and legislative agenda .
Anyone prone to thinking that investment bankers are geniuses should look at their catastrophically maladroit handling of the bonus issue this year .
Goldman
Sachs clearly thought they were exercising heroic self - denial by awarding themselves a compensation pool amounting to a mere $ 16.2 billion .
Haiti ’s total GDP is $ 7 billion , and even before the earthquake one child in eight died before its fifth birthday ; imagine Goldman turning over half its trough to Haiti in an attempt to change those numbers .
Instead they praised their own ‘ restraint ’ in awarding themselves only 36 per cent of their revenue in pay pool , down from the usual 50 per cent .
News of these restrained bonuses came out the same day as Obama ’s bank proposals .
The Goldmaners must have been left wishing they had n’t bothered .
Bank bonuses are a moral and political problem at the best of times .
This year , the levels of bonuses across the industry are unconscionable .
There are three reasons for that .
First , thanks to the special measures currently in place the banks can borrow from their governments at , effectively , 0 per cent rates of interest .
They can then invest the money at higher rates of interest , 5 to 7 per cent , say .
This is a direct transfer of wealth from the taxpayer to the banks , and the only difference between it and an actual , physical licence to print money is that the banks do n’t have a piece of paper with the words ‘ Official Licence to Print Money ’ written across the top .
Second , the banks ’ balance sheets are still clogged with the famous toxic assets .
Last year , these assets could not be sold , so they were worth nothing ; thanks to the accountancy practice called ‘ mark - to - market ’ , which insisted on the assets being recorded at their current value , this left big holes on the banks ’ balance sheets where the assets should be .
The US and UK governments launched lavishly expensive schemes designed to restore confidence to the market in these assets ( in the US , the scheme offered investors a dollar of value in return for 15 cents of their own money ) and the market gradually recovered .
So the assets got their value back , and the bank ’s balance sheets rocketed upwards – again , thanks to the taxpayer .
Under these conditions , your deceased Aunt Mavis could have generated record returns simply by not doing anything .
Third , the collapse of competitors has created unprecedentedly favourable conditions for the remaining banks .
Hard times are good times for banks that are still in business : winding up , fire sales , mergers , bankruptcies , emergency debt issues , debt - for - equity swaps , are all sources of lucrative fees .
The banks ’ activities in this area have always been cartel - like – their fees are known for being suspiciously similar – but with so little competition around , it ’s a fiesta .
All of this is underwritten by the taxpayer ’s guarantee to keep the banks in business if they rack up another set of huge losses .
Under these circumstances , this year ’s bonuses really are , I use the word again , unconscionable .
Obama ’s proposals are at heart an attempt to make the banks less profitable , and make them seem to be paying back the cost of the bailout .
No bank would have survived a systemic collapse ; the banks are in business thanks to the taxpayer , and their behaviour must change to reflect that .
The banks are going to extravagant lengths to avoid getting this point , which in truth is a fairly simple one .
The culture of banking is going to be a difficult thing to change , even after the legislative framework has been altered to reflect new realities .
I have another practical suggestion to make the banks less profitable : one which has the advantage that it would generate money for the government to replace lost tax income on bank profits .
It is that the government should set up a section of the Treasury to compete directly with the banks over their suite of services to big companies – mergers , IPOs , advice and the rest .
At the moment the investment banks effectively operate a cartel , and charge business a fortune for their services .
The Treasury could do that as well or better , and cheaper ; it would force real competition in an area where there is n’t any , and reduce the predatory nature of the banks ’ relationship with business and industry .
There would need to be Chinese walls around this department of the Treasury , but I see no reason why it would n’t be both profitable and socially useful .
So what about that legislative framework ?
The ideal thing would be if someone had a single brilliant idea which magically made the banks safe – which means safe - to - fail .
Hank Paulson , Bush ’s last Treasury secretary , put it well :
To address the perception that some institutions are too big to fail , we must improve the tools at our disposal for facilitating the orderly failure of a large , complex financial institution …
The real issue is not that an institution is too big or too interconnected to fail , but that it is too big or interconnected to liquidate quickly .
Today , our tools are limited .
True .
Sadly , though , he said that in a speech in July 2008 , before the great implosion , and that set of proposals is still not here .
In the absence of that idea , and the presence of these gigantic banks , we are going to treat the banks the way the Lilliputians treated Gulliver , and tie them down with lots of little ropes .
Much of this is deeply unerotic stuff about things such as capital reserves , liquidity and leverage ratios , all of them converging on the theme of ( simply put ) making the banks have more cash in hand to help them in a crisis .
The model should be Canada , which was the only big Western country not to have a banking crisis , in large part because its banks are both by statute and by custom protected by higher capital reserves .
It is also important that the provisions are counter - cyclical , as it ’s called : in other words that money is put aside in the good times to defend against the possibility – or the inevitability – that they will then go bad .
The principal vehicle for these rules is Basel III , the set of bank accords currently being thrashed out .
Basel I was the first set of such international rules ; because new forms of financial instrument kept being invented , Basel II came along to try to control and legislate the trade in derivatives , with such success that the global financial system blew up .
The rules were pure of heart but they were written on the assumption that derivatives were an effective way of dispersing and therefore managing risk ; they did n’t allow for the systematic misuse that caused the credit crunch .
It ’s tough to blame rule - makers for the behaviour of people who are certain they know better than the rules , and go to great , ingenious lengths to circumvent them .
Basel III will have to Canadianise the world ’s banks .
It will also have to write regulations that make more allowance than ever before for the subset of bankers who spend their energies on trying to get round the regulations .
That ’s an easy thing to wish for and a hard thing to do .
It is also critical that the action be co-ordinated and international , because otherwise the banks will blackmail governments with the threat of taking their tax - generating activities elsewhere , and seek to negotiate safe havens where they can carry on business in the old unregulated way .
Among the things Basel III ( or some other legislative regime ) must do is bring in laws to control the use of derivatives .
The first and most essential requirement is something that a complete outsider to the system notices within the first five minutes of having derivatives explained to him : it is that there is no central place where derivatives are traded .
The overwhelming bulk of them are exchanged ‘ over the counter ’ , i.e. between two parties directly , with nobody else knowing anything about the trade , and no monitoring or supervision .
Nobody knows how the derivatives ‘ net out ’ , i.e. what the different bets , when stacked against each other , add up to mean .
Nobody knows what the risks are or who is taking them .
This was a hugely important factor in the jamming up of the financial system , since when Lehman collapsed , nobody knew who was vulnerable to the damage from its gigantic exposure to derivatives .
A central exchange for this trade has been a critical necessity for some time .
The technical rules add up to the first set of Lilliputian ropes .
We need more .
In the US , the Glass - Steagall Act , separating investment banking ( the casino where the banks bet against each other , and against us ) from retail banking ( the piggybank where we keep our money ) was only abolished in 1999 .
Banking was manifestly safer under Glass - Steagall : manifestly less profitable too , which from the point of view of the wider polity is a good thing .
It is hard to re-regulate , and to make fish out of fish soup .
But that is what we are going to have to do .
The break - up of our huge banks into separate components is not a panacea and as critics are quick to point out , several ‘ narrow banks ’ ( narrowly defined banks of the desirable type ) have failed , both historically and in the current crisis .
However , the recent narrow - bank failures , such as that of the Dunfermline Building Society , took place in a context of systemic collapse caused by the status quo ; that kind of systemic collapse , deriving most of its momentum from a general crisis of confidence , would be less likely if consumer deposits were less at risk .
Darling ’s line on this is that the problem with the banks is not size per se , but interconnectedness – the ways in which the banks are so deeply interwoven in each other ’s business , and in their own different strands of business too .
He ’s right about the interconnectedness but this is an ‘ and ’ rather than a ‘ but ’ : the banks are both too big and too interconnected .
I would love to have a snake - oil type solution to the question of interconnectedness , but I do n’t .
If somebody else does , I have n’t heard about it .
Big , big problem .
A proposal which might help is the Tobin tax , a global levy on all financial transactions , named after its inventor , the Nobel laureate James Tobin , who began touting the scheme in 1972 .
The analogy would be with email spam : if it cost some minute amount , say a penny , to send an email , it would have no effect on the righteous , but would immediately destroy spam as a business , because spam depends on sending tens of millions of free emails daily .
Similarly , a tiny levy on every financial transaction would introduce just enough grit in the system to slow down the operation of the global casino , most of whose activity consists in zero - sum betting : gambling in which the banks bet against each other , and one wins what the other loses , to zero public benefit .
It seems a good idea to me and to other fans such as Nicolas Sarkozy , and its main flaw is that it is n’t going to happen , because the Obama administration promptly and definitively nixed it .
That was back in the days before the penny dropped with Obama that the banks were so unpopular he could no longer take all his advice from their internal advocate in his administration , Tim Geithner .
Perhaps Obama will un -nix it if another nasty surprise is self - generated in the world of high finance .
How likely is that ?
Very likely indeed , I ’d have thought , given that the underlying stresses of the global financial system have been addressed purely through talk .
In the general gloom I have only one piece of potentially good news , and even that might be wishful thinking .
The bank bonuses this year are so grotesque that there are only two explanations for them .
One is that investment banking culture truly is psychotic , in the strict sense of being out of touch with reality .
That ’s possible .
The other explanation is that , as a French economist said to me when the crunch kicked in , ‘ It ’s over . ’
He meant the whole obscene - bonus culture , the model in which the banks ’ shareholders let the bankers pay themselves half what the bank ‘ earns ’ , in the context of a regulatory and political framework in which the banks are allowed to do whatever they like .
The proposals now being touted do not guarantee systemic safety , but taken together they will , for sure , make the system much less profitable .
Maybe , just maybe , the bankers are pigging out this year because they suspect this is the last of the good times .
If we ’re looking for a glint of silver lining , does that count ?
I ’m sure we ’ve all wondered what it would be like to travel through space .
We typically think of space as a weightless vacuum where we can float free without the influence of gravity .
But what happens when you visit another planet ?
Neil Fraser was wondering the same thing , but he was more interested in what would happen to a Lava Lamp on another planet .
Neil took the time to build a centrifuge in his house to help simulate the gravitation pull on Jupiter ( 3 G’s ) .
In order to assist him on his project , Neil opted to enlist the most advanced handset currently available on the market , the HTC built Nexus One .
We could explain how the experiment works , but I think it ’ll be a lot more fun if you watch it for yourself .
Source : Neil Fraser via Engadget
Mr. Bedell wrote on the Web that he was “ determined to see that justice is served ” in the death of Colonel Sabow and that to uncover the truth behind the death would be “ a step toward establishing the truth of events such as the Sept. 11 demolitions . ”
The police said they had ruled out the possibility of a second gunman even though they saw Mr. Bedell , who was killed in an exchange of gunfire , speaking to someone before firing on the officers .
Federal authorities also said there was no indication that Mr. Bedell had a connection to any domestic or international terrorist group .
After searching Mr. Bedell ’s green Toyota , which was parked at a nearby shopping mall , the police found additional ammunition and signs that he had driven in the past several weeks from Hollister , Calif. , where he was living .
“ We are devastated as a family by the news from yesterday , ” Mr. Bedell ’s parents said in a statement Friday .
“ To the outside world , this tragedy is the first and only thing they will know of Patrick . ”
“ To us , he was a beloved son , brother , grandson , nephew and cousin , ” they said .
“ We may never know why he made this terrible decision .
One thing is clear though : his actions were caused by an illness and not a defective character . ”
His mother , Kaye Bedell , is the director of allied health at Gavilan College , and his father , John Bedell Sr. , is a financial planner in Hollister .
When he appeared at the Pentagon on Thursday around 6 p.m. , Mr. Bedell had a full beard and was dressed in a blazer , slacks and a white collared shirt , and surveillance cameras showed him walking slowly toward the Pentagon entrance before pulling out two 9 - millimeter semiautomatic weapons .
He began shooting when he arrived at the security checkpoint , near the entrance to the Pentagon subway station .
Officers Jeffrey Amos and Marvin Carraway were superficially wounded , one in the shoulder and one in the thigh , according to the police .
The nominations are in , the picks have been sorted , and now it 's time for you , the reader , to help us judge the best in tech from 2009 !
We 've put together a long , long list of the top selections below -- all we ask is that you cast your vote for the gadgets nearest and dearest to your hearts .
Votes will be tallied untilYou can vote in this post -- the nominees are after the break .
After we 've checked for abuse ( just say no ! ) we 'll publish the results alongside our own Editors '
Choice picks the following week .
May the best gadgets win !
Leinster 's Rocky Elsom runs through the Munster defence in the Heineken Cup semi-final last year
By Ross McKee
BBC News
Munster v Leinster is a mouth - watering clash for any rugby fan , but most drinkers in the Irish Republic wanting to toast the Magners League fixture in a bar next month will have to leave the country .
It may be sponsored by a Tipperary cider company , but as the fixture has been scheduled for Good Friday , it has fallen foul of laws which prevent the opening of pubs on the Christian holy day .
Alcohol can be consumed inside the stadium , but pubs will not be allowed to serve customers on their premises .
The Vintners Federation of Ireland has taken legal advice over the matter and hope to get a six hour exemption for the 26,000 sell - out game at Munster 's historic Thomond Park venue in Limerick .
The chairman of the Limerick City Vintners , Jerry O'Dea , said his organisation had already had a " productive " preliminary meeting with local police chief superintendent Dave Sheahan and would have a further discussion later on Tuesday .
" We have to take a rugby perspective on this , it is important they are played with full strength teams "
David Jordan , Celtic Rugby director
He said the body now believed there may be some scope in the Intoxicating Liquor Act to open for a special event if it is of significant local importance .
Mr O'Dea added that if that was the case it would apply for a six hour exemption between the hours of 1800 GMT and midnight on Good Friday .
" What we would require first - of - all is the go - ahead from the chief superintendent in the locality and if there were no objections , we would then apply to the District Court , " he added .
" The capacity is limited to around 25,000 and a lot of people would want to watch the game on tv in their local pub .
" Despite our requests , we have not been able to have the game rearranged .
" It is down to the public interest we want to provide a service to the people , we want it changed to Thursday or Saturday . "
Clohessy Mr O'Dea said he believed Ireland was " only a couple of years away " from seeing its alcohol laws reviewed and said he believed the law regarding Good Friday " might in due course be seen as unfairly affecting the population in general " .
Another Limerick publican , former Munster and Ireland rugby prop Peter Clohessy , who owns the Sin Bin nightclub in the city has described the decision to schedule the game for Good Friday as " absolutely scandalous " .
He said the " sensible thing " would be to switch it to Thursday or Saturday .
Limerick publicans want an exemption to serve alcohol on Good Friday Limerick City Council has also voiced its opposition to the game being scheduled for Good Friday and its mayor , Kevin Kiely said a letter would be sent to the Leinster branch of the Irish Rugby Football Union ( IRFU ) who requested the fixture date .
An economic analysis by BDO Simpson Xavier last year revealed the average Magners League game generates between 1.2 m euros and 3.5 m euros for the Limerick economy , but experts believe the Munster v Leinster game is worth more than this .
" In these hard times , an event like this could create eight million euros for the city and it is very hard to turn away money like that , " Mr Kiely added .
Celtic Rugby are the organisers of the Magners League tournament , and its director David Jordan confirmed to the BBC the game had been arranged for 2 April following a request from Leinster .
Leinster 's next game is a Heineken Cup quarter - final on Friday 9 April , with Munster 's quarter - final against Northampton Saints in the same tournament on Saturday 10 April .
" There was a request from Leinster to the Celtic Rugby board , they have a European game the following weekend , " he said .
" It should give them seven days to prepare for that , it would also give Munster an extra day .
Wine " The role of Celtic Rugby is to ensure that all of our teams and players succeed in all the rugby environments they are involved with .
" We have to take a rugby perspective on this , it is important they are played with full strength teams . "
Mr Jordan said the six person Celtic Rugby board included two Irish members and that it could only consider a request to rearrange the fixture if it was made .
" It is up to the parties involved to make that request , " he said .
Only time will tell whether Irish drinkers are able to sample a Magners in their local hostlery on Good Friday .
At Thomond Park itself , however the booze ban does not apply .
Munster Rugby is currently advertising match day hospitality for the Leinster game on its website with benefits including four bottles of wine per table and a " full drinks service available pre and post match " .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
From the " A goat ate my homework " excuse book :
More major embarrassment for New Zealand 's ' leading ' climate research unit NIWA tonight , with admissions that it " does not hold copies " of the original reports documenting adjustments to New Zealand 's weather stations .
The drama hit the headlines worldwide in late November when serious questions were raised about the " adjustments " NIWA had made to weather records .
The adjusted data shows a strong warming trend over the past century , whereas unadjusted records had nowhere near as much warming .
NIWA promised to make its data and corrections fully available , but responding to an Official Information
Act request their legal counsel has now admitted it cannot provide copies of the original adjustment records .
Now , a news release from the Climate Science Coalition is blowing the NIWA climate scientists out of the water .
The National Institute of Water and Atmospheric Research ( NIWA ) has been urged by the New Zealand Climate Science Coalition ( NZCSC ) to abandon all of its in - house adjustments to temperature records .
This follows an admission by NIWA that it no longer holds the records that would support its in - house manipulation of official temperature readings .
In December , NZCSC issued a formal request for the schedule of adjustments under the Official Information Act 1982 , specifically seeking copies of “ the original worksheets and / or computer records used for the calculations ” .
On 29 January , NIWA responded that they no longer held any internal records , and merely referred to the scientific literature .
“ The only inference that can be drawn from this is that NIWA has casually altered its temperature series from time to time , without ever taking the trouble to maintain a continuous record .
The result is that the official temperature record has been adjusted on unknown dates for unknown reasons , so that its probative value is little above that of guesswork .
In such a case , the only appropriate action would be reversion to the raw data record , perhaps accompanied by a statement of any known issues , ” said Terry Dunleavy , secretary of NZCSC .
“ NIWA ’s website carries the raw data collected from representative temperature stations , which disclose no measurable change in average temperature over a period of 150 years .
But elsewhere on the same website , NIWA displays a graph of the same 150 - year period showing a sharp warming trend .
The difference between these two official records is a series of undisclosed NIWA - created ‘ adjustments ’ .
“ Late last year our coalition published a paper entitled ‘ Are We Feeling Warmer Yet ? ’ and asked NIWA to disclose the schedule detailing the dates and reasons for the adjustments .
The expressed purpose of NZCSC was to replicate the calculations , in the best traditions of peer - reviewed science .
“ When NIWA did not respond , Hon Rodney Hide asked Oral and Written Questions in Parliament , and attended a meeting with NIWA scientists .
All to no avail , and the schedule of adjustments remained a secret .
We now know why NIWA was being so evasive - the requested schedule did not exist .
“ Well qualified climate scientist members of our coalition believe that NIWA has forfeited confidence in the credibility of its temperature recording procedures , and that it cannot be trusted to try to cover up its own ineptitude by in - house adjustments .
What is needed is open access in the public domain to all of the known reasons for post - reading adjustments to enable independent climate analysts to make their own comparative assessments of temperature variations throughout New Zealand since the middle of the 19th century , ” said Mr Dunleavy .
I kid you not , you could write a book about these shenanigans . ;)
If you are interested in reading about the quality of NZ's ( and probably the rest of the world 's ) temperature stations , you could do worse than to read this study by meteorologist Jim Hessell from back in a time before the politics of global warming had encouraged scientists to hide the data .
The office of Communications Minister Stephen Conroy has issued a statement which appears to imply the US State Department had merely asked the Federal Government for background information on its controversial internet filtering project .
On Monday News Ltd blog The Punch quoted US State Department spokesman Noel Clay on the filter project as saying it had “ raised concerns on this matter with Australian officials ” .
“ The Australian and US Governments liaise regularly on a broad range of issues , ” Conroy ’s office said in a statement issued late this afternoon .
“ The US State department has asked for , and received , background information only on our policy . ”
“ There has been a lot of misinformation about the Government ’s cyber - safety policy both locally and overseas and we are happy to provide the details . ”
The comments come as Canberra in general has gone quiet on the controversial issue since Conroy on Monday night said he had not been aware of the US contact .
The office of Foreign Affairs Minister Stephen Smith has not responded to a request for comment yesterday on the issue , while a spokesperson for his Department of Foreign Affairs and Trade would only say that the Australian and US governments liaised regularly on a broad range of issues , but that it would be inappropriate to discuss the detail .
Conroy ’s Department of Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy has not yet responded to a request for comment .
Delimiter asked all three parties for details of who the US State Department had contacted , and whether and when Conroy and Smith had been informed of the contact .
Conroy ’s statement tonight further repeated earlier statements that the filter policy was to require ISPs to block overseas content that had been deemed Refused Classification .
It also repeated the Minister ’s reference to a January speech by US Secretary of State Hilary Clinton , in which Clinton said that all societies recognised that free expression had limits .
“ This view is consistent with the Australian Government ’s policy , ” the statement from Conroy ’s office said .
Image credit : Office of Stephen Conroy
Gegen mehr als 280 Banken in Deutschland hat das Bundeskartellamt Ermittlungen wegen Verdachts auf Wettbewerbsbeschränkung , verbotener Diskriminierung und Missbrauch einer marktbeherrschenden Stellung eingeleitet .
Geprüft wird , ob die Banken bei Bargeldabhebung an fremden Geldautomaten überhöhte Gebühren von den Kunden oder anderen Banken verlangen .
" Dem Bundeskartellamt liegen Beschwerden von Personen und Kreditinstituten über die Höhe der Entgelte vor " , sagte ein Kartellamtssprecher der Wirtschaftszeitung Euro am Sonntag für die heute erscheinende Ausgabe .
" Diese Beschwerden werden geprüft . "
Die Beschlussabteilung habe zur Aufklärung des Sachverhalts Fragebögen an mehr als 280 Institute verschickt , so der Sprecher .
Die Ermittlungen betreffen sowohl bundesweit als auch regional tätige Banken und private Institute ebenso wie Sparkassen und Genossenschaftsbanken .
Bis Ende März solle entschieden werden , ob ein formelles Verfahren eingeleitet wird .
Das Thema ist auch Gegenstand eines Spitzengesprächs , zu dem der Verbraucherschutzausschuss des Bundestags am 17 .
März Bankenrepräsentanten nach Berlin geladen hat .
Michael Goldmann ( FDP ) , Vorsitzender des Ausschusses , schloss gegenüber der Zeitung eine gesetzliche Regulierung nicht aus : " Ich will nicht gleich die Gesetzeskeule schwingen .
Fakt ist aber , dass im Interesse der Verbraucher schnell gehandelt werden muss . " ( gr )
it is n't very robust - it effectively injects calls to the repr ( ) function into the process being debugged ( the so - called " inferior process " in debugger parlance ) .
If the data in the inferior process is corrupt , attempting to print it can lead to another segmentation fault ( " SIGSEGV " ) within that process inside the implementation of " repr " .
For example , if the allocator of the inferior process has become corrupt , then Python wo n't be able to create the string representation of the data without a crash ( be it in Python 's memory arena code or the underlying heap ) , and you 've got another SIGSEGV .
If one of the objects inside a list has been splatted with 0xDEADBEEF garbage , attempting to print the repr ( ) object will crash , and you wo n't even know that you had a list .
you have to go into gdb manually and run these commands by hand .
Automated crash reports can't get at the " real " data , most significantly : what lines of Python code were being executed when this crash happened ?
as well as being a manual task , it 's hard to do this correctly ; any mistakes when doing this will typically cause a SIGSEGV in the inferior process
the script is written in gdb's own language and is thus hard to work with and extend
complicated intermeshing of C and Python ( e.g. invocations of callbacks that then trigger other callbacks each time crossing a language boundary ) can be hard to figure out
( gdb ) print str
$ 1 = {static npos = 4294967295 ,
_ M_dataplus = { > = {< __gnu_cxx::new_allocator > = { } , } , _M_p = 0x804a014 " hello world
"}}
( gdb ) print str
$ 1 = hello world
>>> class Foo : ... def bar( self ) : ... from ctypes import string_at ... string_at ( 0xDEADBEEF ) # this code will ( probably ) cause Python to segfault ... >>> f = Foo( ) >>> >>> #
Let 's assign some data of various kinds to the instance : >>> f.someattr = 42 >>> f.someotherattr = {'one ': 1 , ' two ': 2L , ' three ' :[ ( ) , ( None , ) , ( None , None ) ] } >>> >>> #
Now let 's trigger the segfault >>> f.bar ()
Program received signal SIGSEGV , Segmentation fault .
__strlen_sse2 ( ) at ../ sysdeps/i386/i686/multiarch/strlen.S:8 7
87 pcmpeqb ( %esi ) , %xmm0
Current language : auto
The current source language is " auto ; currently asm " .
( gdb ) bt
# 0 __strlen_sse2 ( ) at ../ sysdeps/i386/i686/multiarch/strlen.S:8 7
# 1 0x07113d30 in PyString_FromString ( str=0xdeadbeef < Address 0xdeadbeef out of bounds > ) at Objects / stringobject.c:116
# 2 0x00167e18 in string_at ( ptr=0xdeadbeef < Address 0xdeadbeef out of bounds > , size = - 1 ) at /usr / src/debug / Python-2.6.2/Modules/_cty pes/_ctypes.c:5348
# 3 0x0018247f in ffi_call_SYSV ( ) at src/x86/sysv.S:61
# 4 0x001822b0 in ffi_call ( cif= < value optimized out > , fn= < value optimized out > , rvalue= < value optimized out > , avalue= < value optimized out > ) at src/x86/ffi.c:213
# 5 0x00171315 in _call_function_pointer ( pProc=0x167de0 < string_at > , argtuple=0xb7f3d02 c , flags=4357 , argtypes=0xb7f45a4c , restype=0x80f3dc4 , checker=0x0 ) at /usr / src/debug / Python-2.6.2/Modules/_cty pes/callproc.c:815
# 6 _CallProc ( pProc=0x167de0 < string_at > , argtuple=0xb7f3d02 c , flags=4357 , argtypes=0xb7f45a4c , restype=0x80f3dc4 , checker=0x0 ) at /usr / src/debug / Python-2.6.2/Modules/_cty pes/callproc.c:1162
# 7 0x0016a6f2 in CFuncPtr_call ( self=0xb7f9d5dc , inargs=0xb7f3d02c , kwds=0x0 ) at /usr / src/debug/ Python-2.6.2/Modules/_cty pes/_ctypes.c:3857
# 8 0x070c478c in PyObject_Call ( func=0xb7f9d5dc , arg=0xb7f3d02c , kw=0x0 ) at Objects / abstract .c:2492
# 9 0x0716069c in do_call ( f=0x80f37bc , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval .c:3917
# 10 call_function ( f=0x80f37bc , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval.c:3729
# 11 PyEval_EvalFrameEx ( f=0x80f37bc , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval.c:2389
# 12 0x07162642 in PyEval_EvalCodeEx ( co=0xb7f3bda0 , globals=0xb7f3768c , locals=0x0 , args=0x80ec788 , argcount=1 , kws=0x80ec78c , kwcount=0 , defs=0xb7f45d78 , defcount=1 , closure=0x0 ) at Python / ceval.c:2968
# 13 0x07160983 in fast_function ( f=0x80ec644 , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval .c:3802
# 14 call_function ( f=0x80ec644 , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval.c:3727
# 15 PyEval_EvalFrameEx ( f=0x80ec644 , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval.c:2389
# 16 0x07161b79 in fast_function ( f=0x80eb1 cc , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval .c:3792
# 17 call_function ( f=0x80eb1 cc , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval.c:3727
# 18 PyEval_EvalFrameEx ( f=0x80eb1 cc , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval.c:2389
# 19 0x07162642 in PyEval_EvalCodeEx ( co=0xb7f2e578 , globals=0xb7fc70b4 , locals=0xb7fc70b4 , args=0x0 , argcount=0 , kws=0x0 , kwcount=0 , defs=0x0 , defcount=0 , closure=0x0 ) at Python / ceval.c:2968
# 20 0x071627a3 in PyEval_EvalCode ( co=0xb7f2e578 , globals=0xb7fc70b4 , locals=0xb7fc70b4 ) at Python / ceval.c:522
# 21 0x0717d94b in run_mod ( mod= < value optimized out > , filename= < value optimized out > , globals=0xb7fc70b4 , locals=0xb7fc70b4 , flags=0xbffff2fc , arena=0x80e8628 ) at Python / pythonrun.c:1335
# 22 0x0717f4a6 in PyRun_InteractiveOneFlags ( fp=0x5b5420 , filename=0x71c3e7d " < stdin > " , flags=0xbffff2 fc ) at Python / pythonrun.c:840
# 23 0x0717f6 ab in PyRun_InteractiveLoopFlags ( fp=0x5b5420 , filename=0x71c3e7d " < stdin > " , flags= < value optimized out > ) at Python / pythonrun.c:760
# 24 0x0717f7eb in PyRun_AnyFileExFlags ( fp=0x5b5420 , filename= < value optimized out > , closeit=0 , flags=0xbffff2 fc ) at Python / pythonrun.c:729
# 25 0x0718c212 in Py_Main ( argc=1 , argv=0xbffff3f4 ) at Modules / main.c:599
the location we 're at ( file / line / function ) within the Python code at each point in the call stack
the dictionary of globals
the arguments passed to functions
( gdb ) bt # 0 __strlen_sse2 ( ) at ../ sysdeps/i386/i686/multiarch/strlen.S:87 # 1 0x07113d30 in PyString_FromString ( str=0xdeadbeef < Address 0xdeadbeef out of bounds > ) at Objects / stringobject .c:116 # 2 0x00167e18 in string_at ( ptr=0xdeadbeef < Address 0xdeadbeef out of bounds > , size = - 1 ) at /usr / src/debug / Python-2.6.2/Modules/_ctypes/_ctypes.c:5348 # 3 0x0018247f in ffi_call_SYSV ( ) at src/x86/sysv.S:61 # 4 0x001822b0 in ffi_call ( cif= < value optimized out > , fn= < value optimized out > , rvalue= < value optimized out > , avalue= < value optimized out > ) at src/x86/ffi.c:213 # 5 0x00171315 in _call_function_pointer ( pProc=0x167de0 < string_at > , argtuple =( 3735928559L , - 1 ) , flags=4357 , argtypes=(< builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f45d2c > , < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f45d4c > ) , restype= < _ctypes.
SimpleType at remote 0x80f3dc4 > , checker= < unknown at remote 0x0 > ) at /usr / src/debug / Python-2.6.2/Modules/_ctypes/callproc.c:815 #6 _CallProc ( pProc=0x167de0 < string_at > , argtuple =( 3735928559L , - 1 ) , flags=4357 , argtypes=(< builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f45d2c > , < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f45d4c > ) , restype= < _ctypes.
SimpleType at remote 0x80f3dc4 > , checker= < unknown at remote 0x0 > ) at /usr / src/debug / Python-2.6.2/Modules/_ctypes/callproc.c:1162 # 7 0x0016a6f2 in CFuncPtr_call ( self=0xb7f9d5dc , inargs =( 3735928559L , - 1 ) , kwds=< unknown at remote 0x0 > ) at /usr / src/debug / Python-2.6.2/Modules/_ctypes/_ctypes.c:3857 # 8 0x070c478c in PyObject_Call ( func= < CFunctionType at remote 0xb7f9d5dc > , arg =( 3735928559L , - 1 ) , kw= < unknown at remote 0x0 > ) at Objects / abstract .c:2492 # 9 0x0716069c in do_call ( f= File /usr / lib / python2.6/ctypes/__init__.py , line 492 , in string_at ( ptr=3735928559L , size= - 1 ) , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval .c:3917 # 10 call_function ( f= File /usr/lib/ python2.6/ctypes/__init__.py , line 492 , in string_at ( ptr=3735928559L , size= - 1 ) , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval .c:3729 #11 PyEval_EvalFrameEx ( f= File /usr / lib / python2.6/ctypes/__init__.py , line 492 , in string_at ( ptr=3735928559L , size= - 1 ) , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval .c:2389 # 12 0x07162642 in PyEval_EvalCodeEx ( co=0xb7f3bda0 , globals= {' Union ' : < _ctypes .
UnionType at remote 0x17c120 > , ' c_wchar ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80 fb32 c > , ' c_bool ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80 fab54 > , ' c_double ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f7a0 c > , ' CFUNCTYPE ' : < function at remote 0xb7f3264c > , ' __path__ ' : [ '/usr/lib/python2.6/ctypes ' ] , ' byref ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f40eec > , ' pointer ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f40d6c > , ' alignment ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f40eac > , ' _memmove_addr ' : 4962832 , ' c_longlong ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f8544 > , ' c_short ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f407c > , ' get_errno ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f39f4 c > , ' __file__ ' : '/usr/lib/python2.6/ctypes/__init__.pyc' , ' _calcsize ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f96bec > , ' c_ulong ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f5974 > , ' c_int ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f5124 > , ' c_int32 ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f5124 > , ' memmove ' : < CFunctionType at remote 0xb7f9d4a4 > , ' _sys ' : < module at remote 0xb7fa308 c > , ' _cast ' : < CFunctionType at remote 0xb7f9d574 > , ' addressof ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f40f0 c > , ' ArgumentError ' : < type at remote 0x80f2fdc > , ' c_buffer ' : < function at remote 0xb7f32614 > , ' c_longdouble ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80 f821c > , ' cdll ' : < LibraryLoader at remote 0xb7f459ac > , ' memset ' : < CFunctionType at remote 0xb7f9d50c > , ' string_at ' : < function at remote 0xb7f32a04 > , ' sizeof ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f40ecc > , '_FUNCFLAG_PYTHONAPI ' : 4 , ' create_string_buffer ' : < function at remote 0xb7f325dc > , ' set_errno ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f40d2c > , ' _pointer_type_cache ' : {< _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f9ec4 > : < _ctypes.PointerType at remote 0x80 fb864 > , < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80fb32c > : < _ctypes.PointerType at remote 0x80 fb504 > , < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80 fa6a4>} , '_ Pointer ' : < _ctypes.PointerType at remote 0x17bd00 > , ' create_unicode_buffer ' : < function at remote 0xb7f326bc > , ' c_long ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f5124 > , ' c_char_p ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80 fa37 c > , ' __builtins__ ' : {' bytearray ' : < type at remote 0x71 fb540 > , ' IndexError ' : < type at remote 0x71ff0e0 > , ' all ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fafccc > , ' help ' : <_ Helper at remote 0xb7f814ec > , ' vars ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb280c > , ' SyntaxError ' : < type at remote 0x71 fed60 > , ' unicode ' : < type at remote 0x720e2c0 > , ' sorted ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb274c > , ' isinstance ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb22cc > , ' copyright ' : <_ Printer at remote 0xb7f81d6 c > , ' NameError ' : < type at remote 0x71 feac0 > , ' BytesWarning ' : < type at remote 0x72006c0 > , ' dict ' : < type at remote 0x7205960 > , ' input ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb224c > , ' oct ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb246c > , ' bin ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fafd8 c > , ' SystemExit ' : < type at remote 0x71fe2e0 > , ' StandardError ' : < type at remote 0x71fdf60 > , ' format ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb20ac > , ' repr ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb268c > , ' UnicodeDecodeError ' : < type at remote 0x71 ff540 > , ' False ' : < bool at remote 0x71f9624 > , ' RuntimeWarning ' : < type at remote 0x7200340 > , ' bytes ' : < type at remote 0x7209c80 > , ' iter ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb230c > , ' reload ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb264c > , ' Warning ' : < type at remote 0x71ffee0 > , ' round ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb26cc > , ' dir ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7 faff4 c > , ' cmp ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fafe4 c > , ' set ' : < type at remote 0x7207000 > , ' list ' : < type at remote 0x7204420 > , ' reduce ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb260c > , ' intern ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb228c > , ' issubclass ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb22ec > , ' apply ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fafd4c > , ' EOFError ' : < type at remote 0x71 fe820 > , 'locals ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb238c > , ' BufferError ' : < type at remote 0x71ffe00 > , ' slice ' : < type at remote 0x7207900 > , ' FloatingPointError ' : < type at remote 0x71 ff8c0 > , ' sum ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb278c > , ' buffer ' : < type at remote 0x71f9840 > , ' getattr ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb20cc > , ' abs ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fafc8 c > , ' exit ' : < Quitter at remote 0xb7fd1d2c > , ' print ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb256c > , ' IndentationError ' : < type at remote 0x71 fee40 > , ' True ' : < bool at remote 0x71f9630 > , ' FutureWarning ' : < type at remote 0x7200420 > , ' ImportWarning ' : < type at remote 0x7200500 > , ' None ' : < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ' hash ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb218c > , ' len ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb234c > , ' credits ' : <_ Printer at remote 0xb7f8156c > , ' frozenset ' : < type at remote 0x72070e0 > , ' __name__ ' : ' __builtin__ ' , ' ord ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7 fb24ec > , ' super ' : < type at remote 0x720ade0 > , ' TypeError ' : < type at remote 0x71fe040 > , ' license ' : <_ Printer at remote 0xb7f8170c > , ' KeyboardInterrupt ' : < type at remote 0x71 fe3c0 > , ' UserWarning ' : < type at remote 0x71fffc0 > , ' filter ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb206c > , ' range ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb25ac > , ' staticmethod ' : < type at remote 0x72035e0 > , ' SystemError ' : < type at remote 0x71 ffb60 > , ' BaseException ' : < type at remote 0x7200a60 > , ' pow ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb252c > , ' RuntimeError ' : < type at remote 0x71fe900 > , ' float ' : < type at remote 0x72028a0 > , ' GeneratorExit ' : < type at remote 0x71fe200 > , ' StopIteration ' : < type at remote 0x71 fe120 > , ' globals ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb210c > , ' divmod ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7 faff8 c > , ' enumerate ' : < type at remote 0x71 fdaa0 > , ' Ellipsis ' : < ellipsis at remote 0x7207840 > , ' LookupError ' : < type at remote 0x71ff000 > , ' open ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb24ac > , ' quit ' : < Quitter at remote 0xb7fd120c > , ' basestring ' : < type at remote 0x7209ba0 > , ' UnicodeError ' : < type at remote 0x71 ff380 > , ' zip ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb284c > , 'hex ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb21cc > , ' long ' : < type at remote 0x7204f60 > , ' next ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7 fb244c > , 'int ' : < type at remote 0x7203a40 > , ' chr ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fafe0c > , ' __import__ ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7 fafc6 c > , ' type ' : < type at remote 0x720ac20 > , ' __doc__ ' : " Built - in functions , exceptions , and other objects .
Noteworthy : None is the `nil ' object ; Ellipsis represents `...' in slices . " , ' Exception ' : < type at remote 0x71fde80 > , ' tuple ' : < type at remote 0x720a6a0 > , ' UnicodeTranslateError ' : < type at remote 0x71 ff620 > , ' reversed ' : < type at remote 0x71fdb80 > , ' UnicodeEncodeError ' : < type at remote 0x71 ff460 > , ' IOError ' : < type at remote 0x71 fe660 > , ' hasattr ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb214c > , ' delattr ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7faff0 c > , ' setattr ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb270c > , ' raw_input ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb25ec > , ' PendingDeprecationWarning ' : < type at remote 0x7200180 > , ' compile ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fafecc > , ' ArithmeticError ' : < type at remote 0x71 ff7e0 > , ' str ' : < type at remote 0x7209c80 > , ' property ' : < type at remote 0x71fcec0 > , ' MemoryError ' : < type at remote 0x71 ffd20 > , ' ImportError ' : < type at remote 0x71 fe4a0 > , ' xrange ' : < type at remote 0x7206640 > , ' KeyError ' : < type at remote 0x71 ff1c0 > , ' coerce ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fafe8 c > , ' SyntaxWarning ' : < type at remote 0x7200260 > , ' file ' : < type at remote 0x7201d80 > , ' EnvironmentError ' : < type at remote 0x71fe580 > , ' unichr ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb27cc > , 'id ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb220c > , ' OSError ' : < type at remote 0x71 fe740 > , ' DeprecationWarning ' : < type at remote 0x72000a0 > , ' min ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb242c > , ' UnicodeWarning ' : < type at remote 0x72005e0 > , ' execfile ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb202c > , ' __package__ ' : < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ' complex ' : < type at remote 0x71fc840 > , ' bool ' : < type at remote 0x71f9560 > , ' ValueError ' : < type at remote 0x71 ff2a0 > , ' NotImplemented ' : < NotImplementedType at remote 0x72061e8 > , ' map ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb23cc > , ' any ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fafd0 c > , ' max ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fb240c > , ' object ' : < type at remote 0x720ad00 > , ' TabError ' : < type at remote 0x71 fef20 > , ' callable ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7fafdcc > , ' ZeroDivisionError ' : < type at remote 0x71 ffa80 > , ' eval ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7faffcc > , ' __debug__ ' : < bool at remote 0x71f9630 > , ' ReferenceError ' : < type at remote 0x71ffc40 > , ' AssertionError ' : < type at remote 0x71 ff700 > , ' classmethod ' : < type at remote 0x7203500 > , ' UnboundLocalError ' : < type at remote 0x71 feba0 > , ' NotImplementedError ' : < type at remote 0x71fe9e0 > , ' AttributeError ' : < type at remote 0x71fec80 > , ' OverflowError ' : < type at remote 0x71ff9a0>} , '_FUNCFLAG_USE_ERRNO ' : 8 , ' _memset_addr ' : 4962944 , ' _dlopen ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f40e0 c > , ' __name__ ' : ' ctypes ' , ' RTLD_LOCAL ' : 0 , ' c_int16 ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f407c > , '_ SimpleCData ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x17bde0 > , ' wstring_at ' : < function at remote 0xb7f32a3 c > , ' c_void_p ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80 fa6a4 > , ' set_conversion_mode ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f40dec > , ' PyDLL ' : < type at remote 0x80fc3dc > , ' DEFAULT_MODE ' : 0 , ' LittleEndianStructure ' : < _ctypes.StructType at remote 0x17c040 > , ' c_uint64 ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f8d54 > , ' c_ulonglong ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f8d54 > , '_FUNCFLAG_USE_LASTERROR ' : 16 , ' _cast_addr ' : 1490912 , ' ARRAY ' : < function at remote 0xb7f3279 c > , ' c_ushort ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f48ac > , ' __doc__ ' : ' create and manipulate C data types in Python ' , ' _check_size ' : < function at remote 0xb7f32684 > , ' CDLL ' : < type at remote 0x80 fbeac > , ' _wstring_at ' : < CFunctionType at remote 0xb7f9d644 > , ' c_ubyte ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f9564 > , ' RTLD_GLOBAL ' : 256 , ' c_char ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f9ec4 > , ' c_uint32 ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f5974 > , ' c_float ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f71fc > , ' SetPointerType ' : < function at remote 0xb7f32764 > , ' resize ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f40dcc > , ' _c_functype_cache ' : {(<_ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80 f5124 > , ( ) , 1 ) : < _ctypes.CFuncPtrType at remote 0x8100b14 > , (< _ctypes.
SimpleType at remote 0x80 fa6a4 > , (< _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80 fa6a4 > , < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f5124 > , < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f5974 > ) , 1 ) : < _ctypes.CFuncPtrType at remote 0x80 fd84c>} , '--- Type < return > to continue , or q < return > to quit --- _os ' : < module at remote 0xb7fa314c > , ' _wstring_at_addr ' : 1494192 , ' cast ' : < function at remote 0xb7f329cc > , ' c_int8 ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f9a14 > , ' c_byte ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f9a14 > , ' c_int64 ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f8544 > , ' c_voidp ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80 fa6a4 > , ' _string_at_addr ' : 1474016 , '_FUNCFLAG_CDECL ' : 1 , ' pythonapi ' : < PyDLL at remote 0xb7f45a0 c > , ' PYFUNCTYPE ' : < function at remote 0xb7f327d4 > , '_ CFuncPtr ' : < _ctypes.CFuncPtrType at remote 0x17bb40 > , ' _endian ' : < module at remote 0xb7fa3944 > , ' __package__ ' : ' ctypes ' , ' c_uint16 ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f48ac > , ' BigEndianStructure ' : < _swapped_meta at remote 0x81006ec > , ' pydll ' : < LibraryLoader at remote 0xb7f459ec > , ' __version__ ' : ' 1.1.0 ' , ' Structure ' : < _ctypes.StructType at remote 0x17c040 > , ' c_uint ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f5974 > , ' py_object ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f3dc4 > , ' c_wchar_p ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80 fae7 c > , ' _string_at ' : < CFunctionType at remote 0xb7f9d5dc > , ' c_size_t ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f5974 > , ' c_uint8 ' : < _ctypes.SimpleType at remote 0x80f9564 > , ' LibraryLoader ' : < type at remote 0x80 fc704 > , ' Array ' : < _ctypes.ArrayType at remote 0x17bc20 > , ' POINTER ' : < builtin_function_or_method at remote 0xb7f40d4c>} , locals= < unknown at remote 0x0 > , args=0x80ec788 , argcount=1 , kws=0x80ec78 c , kwcount=0 , defs=0xb7f45d78 , defcount=1 , closure= < unknown at remote 0x0 > ) at Python / ceval .c:2968 # 13 0x07160983 in fast_function ( f= File < stdin > , line 2 , in bar ( self= < Foo( { ' someattr ' : 42 , ' someotherattr ' : {' three ' : [ ( ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > ) ] , ' two ' : 2L}} ) at remote 0xb7f3946 c > , string_at= < function at remote 0xb7f32a04 > ) , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval .c:3802 # 14 call_function ( f= File < stdin > , line 2 , in bar ( self= < Foo( { ' someattr ' : 42 , ' someotherattr ' : {' three ' : [ ( ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > ) ] , ' two ' : 2L}} ) at remote 0xb7f3946 c > , string_at= < function at remote 0xb7f32a04 > ) , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval .c:3727 #15 PyEval_EvalFrameEx ( f= File < stdin > , line 2 , in bar ( self= < Foo( { ' someattr ' : 42 , ' someotherattr ' : {' three ' : [ ( ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > ) ] , ' two ' : 2L}} ) at remote 0xb7f3946 c > , string_at= < function at remote 0xb7f32a04 > ) , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval .c:2389 # 16 0x07161b79 in fast_function ( f= File < stdin > , line 1 , in < module > ( ) , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval .c:3792 # 17 call_function ( f= File < stdin > , line 1 , in < module > ( ) , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval .c:3727 #18 PyEval_EvalFrameEx
( f= File < stdin > , line 1 , in < module > ( ) , throwflag=0 ) at Python / ceval .c:2389 #19 0x07162642 in PyEval_EvalCodeEx ( co=0xb7f2e578 , globals= {'f ' : < Foo( {' someattr ' : 42 , ' someotherattr ' : {' three ' : [ ( ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > ) ] , ' two ' : 2L}} ) at remote 0xb7f3946 c > , ' __builtins__ ' : < module at remote 0xb7fa3074 > , ' __package__ ' : < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ' __name__ ' : ' __main__ ' , ' Foo ' : < classobj at remote 0xb7f3817 c > , ' __doc__ ' : < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 >} , locals= {'f ' : < Foo( {' someattr ' : 42 , ' someotherattr ' : {' three ' : [ ( ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > ) ] , ' two ' : 2L}} ) at remote 0xb7f3946 c > , ' __builtins__ ' : < module at remote 0xb7fa3074 > , ' __package__ ' : < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ' __name__ ' : ' __main__ ' , ' Foo ' : < classobj at remote 0xb7f3817 c > , ' __doc__ ' : < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0>} , args=0x0 , argcount=0 , kws=0x0 , kwcount=0 , defs=0x0 , defcount=0 , closure= < unknown at remote 0x0 > ) at Python / ceval .c:2968 # 20 0x071627a3 in PyEval_EvalCode ( co=0xb7f2e578 , globals= {'f ' : < Foo( {' someattr ' : 42 , ' someotherattr ' : {' three ' : [ ( ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > ) ] , ' two ' : 2L}} ) at remote 0xb7f3946 c > , ' __builtins__ ' : < module at remote 0xb7fa3074 > , ' __package__ ' : < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ' __name__ ' : ' __main__ ' , ' Foo ' : < classobj at remote 0xb7f3817 c > , ' __doc__ ' : < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 >} , locals= {'f ' : < Foo( {' someattr ' : 42 , ' someotherattr ' : {' three ' : [ ( ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > ) ] , ' two ' : 2L}} ) at remote 0xb7f3946 c > , ' __builtins__ ' : < module at remote 0xb7fa3074 > , ' __package__ ' : < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ' __name__ ' : ' __main__ ' , ' Foo ' : < classobj at remote 0xb7f3817 c > , ' __doc__ ' : < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 >} ) at Python / ceval .c:522 #21 0x0717d94b in run_mod ( mod= < value optimized out > , filename= < value optimized out > , globals= {'f ' : < Foo( {' someattr ' : 42 , ' someotherattr ' : {' three ' : [ ( ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > ) ] , ' two ' : 2L}} ) at remote 0xb7f3946 c > , ' __builtins__ ' : < module at remote 0xb7fa3074 > , ' __package__ ' : < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ' __name__ ' : ' __main__ ' , ' Foo ' : < classobj at remote 0xb7f3817 c > , ' __doc__ ' : < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 >} , locals= {'f ' : < Foo( {' someattr ' : 42 , ' someotherattr ' : {' three ' : [ ( ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ) , (< NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > ) ] , ' two ' : 2L}} ) at remote 0xb7f3946 c > , ' __builtins__ ' : < module at remote 0xb7fa3074 > , ' __package__ ' : < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0 > , ' __name__ ' : ' __main__ ' , ' Foo ' : < classobj at remote 0xb7f3817 c > , ' __doc__ ' : < NoneType at remote 0x72061e0>} , flags=0xbffff2fc , arena=0x80e8628 ) at Python / pythonrun .c:1335 #22 0x0717f4a6 in PyRun_InteractiveOneFlags ( fp=0x5b5420 , filename=0x71c3e7d " < stdin > " , flags=0xbffff2 fc ) at Python / pythonrun.c:840 #23 0x0717f6 ab in PyRun_InteractiveLoopFlags ( fp=0x5b5420 , filename=0x71c3e7d " < stdin > " , flags= < value optimized out > ) at Python / pythonrun.c:760 # 24 0x0717f7eb in PyRun_AnyFileExFlags ( fp=0x5b5420 , filename= < value optimized out > , closeit=0 , flags=0xbffff2 fc ) at Python / pythonrun.c:729 #25 0x0718c212 in Py_Main ( argc=1 , argv=0xbffff3f4 ) at Modules / main.c:599 # 26 0x080485c7 in main ( argc=1 , argv=0xbffff3f4 ) at Modules / python.c:23
I 've been trying a new approach for debugging the internals of Python One of the strengths of the C implementation of Python ( " CPython " ) is how easy it is to wrap libraries written in C / C+ + so that they 're callable from Python code .
The drawback of this is that you 're running " native " machine code , and that code can crash the python process , or worse , corrupt the internals of the python process so that the crash seems to be coming from somewhere else .
Time to break out the debugger ...
Unfortunately , practically everything inside CPython is a pointer to a PyObject structure , with some additional type - specific data lurking after it in memory .
A typical debugger by default just shows you the addresses of these structures , or shows you the two values they contain ( " ob_refcnt " and " ob_type " , which are n't necessarily enlightening ) .
I typically use the " gdb " debugger .
Python has long had a file named " gdbinit " which contains various hooks to make it easier to debug CPython within gdb ( In Fedora and RHEL that file can be found in our " python - devel " packages ) .
If you copy this file to ~/.gdbinit and restart gdb you can then use " pyo " to print a more human - readable representation of a PyObject * , and use " pyframe " and other commands to figure out where the currently selected thread of the process is in Python code .
This approach has some drawbacks :
Is there a better way ?(... drum roll ... )
As of gdb 7.0 , it 's now possible to write custom " pretty - printers " for data in gdb , using Python as the extension language .
One of the reasons for this was to improve visualization of C++ data in the debugger , so that if you try to print a C++ std:: string , rather than get this craziness : you now get :
The above is thanks to python hooks running inside the gdb process , using a " gdb " module to walk the graph of gdb .
Value and gdb .
Type objects representing the state of the process being debugged .
What this is building up to is that I 've written a similar set of Python hooks for CPython itself .
The code can be seen in this git repository .
I 've been going through the various types within CPython 's internals , writing Python code to run inside the debugger .
For each type I 've written a Python class that runs inside the debugger process , and knows how to convert an object in the process being debugged into an object within the debugger , and can then print it .
To demonstrate , let 's try breaking Python :
The real use case for this for me is when a library decides to do error handling using " assert " , and takes down the whole process , or has a crasher bug .
Rather than pick on a 3rd - party library , let 's inject our own segfault .
We can do this by abusing the " ctypes " module , by picking a random location in the process ' address space and trying to read it as a string .
We can do this as a one - liner , but let 's set up some data so we can see what it looks like in the crash report :
At this point we 've generated a segmentation fault inside Python .
Let 's see the old behavior of a backtrace , using the " bt " command : Looking closely at the above , we can see that there 's a problem inside ctypes , but it's hard to see what triggered the problem within the Python code .
Below is a screendump of what it looks like with my new debugging hooks ( warning : some very long lines ; hopefully this wo n't get too badly mangled ) I 've highlighted some of it : we can seeand so on - there 's almost too much information .
This should come in handy for nasty issues when the stack involves C code calling into Python and back again ( e.g. when callbacks get invoked ) ; should also be useful for debugging all threads at once in a multithreaded app .
There are probably many things that could be improved about this code , but I 'm already finding it very useful , and I hope other people will too .
I 've integrated this code into Fedora 's Python 2 and Python 3 builds for the upcoming Fedora 13 release so that the hooks should get automatically loaded by the debugger .
It should all Just Work - the crash - handling tool will fetch the debugging hooks and the bug report that 's generated should contain all of this rich information on what 's going on inside python -
Norway ’s Jarmund / Vigsnæs AS Architects designed the Edge House in Kolbotn , Norway .
Full description after the photos … .
.
The Edge House by Jarmund / Vigsnæs AS Architects
The Edge House is located at Kolbotn , a suburb south of Oslo .
The client , a young couple , asked for a spectacular house on a limited budget .
They had purchased a challenging site with 8 meters height difference from the access road to a plateau , and they wanted a house that “ looked like you could shoot a James Bond movie in it ” .
To save the plateau , the building was pushed towards the eastern perimeter of the site , suspended above the slope on slender steel columns .
The entrance stair rises along the slope through the house up to the plateau .
This strategy avoids costly blasting , hiding the technical connections in the stair .
It saves at the same time the existing characteristics of the site , creating a dramatic interplay between volume and site .
The entrance condition and the experience from the inside attempts to underline this interplay .
The compact interior is horizontally organized around the cut for the entrance stair .
Bedrooms and bathrooms are effectively organized along a corridor .
The main structure is steel , with a polished concrete floor slab .
The interior is clad in Birch plywood , the exterior in naturally colored fiber cement boards .
Address : Kolbotn , Norway
Year of design : 2005
Year of construction : 2006 – 2008
Architect : Jarmund / Vigsnæs AS Architects MNAL
Assisted by : Claes Cho Heske Ekornaas
Contractor : AS Ventilasjonsservice
Gross area : 160 m²
Photography : Ivan Brodey , Nils Petter Dale
.
Mark Shuttleworth posted a suggestion he got from Pablo Quirós for the free space on the top right window corner ( now that the button ( s ) will be placed on the left side of the Metacity ) , on the Ayatana mailing list .
The proposal is a new UI element for the windows in Ubuntu called Esfera which should be placed in the free space on the top - right of the windows .
The button will basically support gestures which you can perform on that window , like a joystick .
Mark attached a PDF with the exact explanation of this Esfera .
Here is a small excerpt :
Esfera ( sphere in Spanish ) is a circular spherical button , about 3 times wider than the normal ones , which offers a variety of possibilities to the user .
Esfera represents the window .
Any action performed with Esfera is an action that affects the whole window where it is placed .
It 's draggable , and it responds to different movements performed by the user with it .
This are some of the possibilities I see :
Easy - to - implement actions
Moved to the top : the window is maximized .
User clicks on Esfera , moves it a little bit to the top , and the window is maximized even before he releases the button .
If he changes his mind , he moves it down without releasing the Esfera , and it gets back to the previous unmaximized state .
Moved to the bottom : the window is minimized ; same behavior than maximizing , but the user moves Esfera down to perform it .
Moved right : the window is moved to the workspace on the right .
Moved left : the window is moved to the workspace on the left .
Moved performing an “ X ” : the window is closed .
User clicks on esfera , moves it to make an “ X ” , and the window becomes transparent to show that it 's about to be closed .
If he releases Esfera , the application is closed .
If he changes his mind , he moves Esfera back and the window gets opaque
again ; then , if he releases Esfera , the window will stay opened .
Clicked : the user sees a menu , in which he can choose between the different options of Esfera : close , minimise , maximise , switch workspace ... this menu is thoght to make easier the life of new users
The idea is that , at first , there is a coexistence of Esfera with the maximize - minimize - close buttons to test the user experience with it , but in the middle term , if it works , it would replace them as this actions can be done with Esfera .
Replace Close , Min , Max buttons with just Close and " other " .
Dragging the " other " button slightly to the right and releasing maximizes the window to full the right half of the screen ( " maximize right " ) .
You can download the PDF from HERE and read the full specs of Esfera .
Pablo 's idea is that the normal minimize / maximize / close buttons will stick around for a while but should be completely removed at some point .
David Sigel had an almost identical idea , except that he wanted to keep the close button on the top left corner ( but remove the minimize / maximize buttons ) .
Pablo : David : Basically all this is not just for decluttering the window but mostly for usability .
Just because people are used with the minimize / maximize / close buttons does n't mean they were a great way to control a window , but that 's how people got used to it .
The button is there so new users are not very confused ( although that 's going to be a bit tough since they wo n't find the regular buttons there ) but this could be done with only the gestures , without an actual button at all .
What 's the point on changing something that works for a different concept ?
Innovation and usability .
If we do it well , we 'll be able to do lots of things with a single button , which brings simplicity and a faster usage - it's far easier to reach a big , single button , than three little buttons , and we 'll offer more options to the user .
And if we do it well , it will be quicker for him .
You can follow the whole discussion @ https://lists.launchpad.net/ayatana/
A new study throws every single PSA that relies on shame into jeopardy , because when youth see images of humiliated people covered in their own vomit , they do n't see warnings .
They see inspiration .
[ AdAge ]
On the bright side , now alcohol companies know which strategy to use when MADD browbeats them into making PSAs :
Ones that shame , sexily .
Do not watch this video if you are under the age of 21 .
In January 2009 I had over 46,000 viewings of A Heap Of Trouble on my website ... on one day alone !
Not too shabby , but it costs me a fortune in hosting fees .
I ’m really delighted when anyone wants to watch my work , but as in independent filmmaker I ca n’t afford to foot the bill indefinitely .
While my other films are free to watch on my website in their entirety , in order to view the whole of A Heap Of Trouble , please click on the PAYPAL link below and make a small donation .
You will automatically be forwarded to a page containing the entire film .
You can donate as much or as little as you like .
Every penny will be gratefully received and will go directly towards the costs of completing my self - financed first feature film , Happy Hours , which I am currently completing .
Please see the Happy Hours page on this website for more information .
In the meantime , those naked men just keep on marching !
Posted by Rick Rey
On this week 's EPIC - FU Zadi talked about the new BitTorrent search engine YouTorrent.com -- which is an awesome site for the average person looking for files available on public trackers .
But if you want to get your hands dirty and really explore the torrent scene , you should consider joining a private tracker .
Why go private ?
It 's faster .
Leechers are the scourge of the peer - to - peer community .
They disable uploads during their download sessions and slow down the network for everyone else .
Leechers run rampant on public trackers where there 's no accountability .
Because private trackers enforce ratios , leechers are spotted quickly and their accounts are disabled .
Ratios work like this -- if you upload as much data as you download , you have a 1:1 ratio .
Better trackers have higher ratio requirements , but generally speaking 1:1 is considered good .
Privacy ( obviously ) .
Private trackers make sense if you 're concerned about sharing files with an anonymous group of people .
Most private trackers are invite - only , meaning you need to ( 1 ) know a member and ( 2 ) he / she has to vouch for you before you can sign up .
The vouch part is important -- usually there are consequences for inviting bad people ( i.e. leeches , spammers , etc ) .
And often there are limits on the total number of active members allowed at any one time , so the community does n't get out of control .
If you 're using public BitTorrent for sharing illegal files , the odds of getting busted is still very small , but perhaps the entry barrier required for private trackers may give you an extra warm , fuzzy sense of security .
Niche torrents .
Public trackers index a HUGE number of files , which is why they work well for non-power users .
But when you start looking for torrents that fall into niche categories -- particularly with large sizes ( e.g. high - def torrents ) -- it becomes a real challenge to find good stuff with decent download speeds .
This is where private trackers really shine .
There are entire torrent communities dedicated to certain categories or genres of torrents .
If you are looking for hard - to - find or very specific stuff , this is where you want to be .
Quick releases .
You 'll find a lot of the same files on public and private torrent sites , but if you want new releases as soon as they come out -- you 're much better off monitoring private trackers for new files .
Not only are the files seeded faster , but they 're often among the very first distribution points on the web .
Interested ?
So now what ?
If you 're ready to check out a private tracker , I have to warn you there 's an obstacle in your way : you need to find a tracker that 's open for registration or find friends that have invites they are willing to share .
I can tell you from personal experience it can be incredibly frustrating to wait around for an invitation , so here are a few resources to help get you up and running faster :
InviteShare lets you send and receive invitations to sites that are in beta or invite - only .
I 've used it before and it works -- the problem is you have to wait in line ahead of everyone who registered before you .
There are a bunch of private trackers in their database , like HDBits , TorrentLeech , SceneTorrents , SuperTorrents .
BitMeTV and IndieTorrents .
Another option is to use software to help you keep up with the open registrations across trackers .
These apps periodically check a huge customizable list of trackers and alert you when one opens up for registration .
There 's TrackerSpy for Mac and Tracker Checker 2 for Windows -- both are freeware ( duh ) .
Some of the best private trackers .
To be honest I do n't have accounts to all of these trackers .
But that 's kind of a good thing , because it tells you just how elite they are .
Here 's a rundown of some of the best trackers out there .
A lot of the info I received from the FileSharingTalk forums , which is a great resource for someone looking to learn more about BitTorrent .
BitMe is an e-learning tracker with a ton of e-books and resources on topics like art , health , technology , martial arts , language , etc .
They also have documentaries , instructional videos , college lectures , and design templates .
HDBits is a tracker devoted to high definition video , TV shows , and movies .
These are n't the compressed , transcoded files from HD sources you see on public trackers .
These are the real deal : 720p/1080 p videos and the file sizes are usually several gigs .
IndieTorrents is a music tracker that offers torrents from independent musicians and indie labels .
They are pretty strict about what constitutes " indie " so you wo n't find any mainstream stuff here .
BitMeTV is often considered the best tracker for TV shows .
Episodes are available quickly after they are released and download speeds are fast .
They also take requests .
OK so that wraps up the basics of private BitTorrent trackers .
Let me know if you have any questions about any of this , but please do n't ask me for invites !
If you have any tips or suggestions , put them in the comments or send them to us .
Happy torrenting !
Digg this article .
Since 2003 , nonsensical posts about noncritical issues in nonenglish .
Red blogule or white blogule ?
It depends on the mood .
Stephane MOT .
Egalement : blogules en V.F. - NEW : join blogules on Facebook !
See how affordability in nearly 220,000 neighborhoods is impacted when the traditional measure of affordability is expanded to include transportation costs .
By taking into account the combined costs of housing and transportation associated with the location of the home , the H+T Index provides a more complete understanding of affordability .
The only thing more maddening than watching the Dallas Stars surrender 17 goals in 3 games might be considering what came just before it .
In their last 6 contests before the Olympic break they were scored on a total of 8 times .
( 1.33 GAA ) .
One of those Brenden Morrow fired into his own net with a kind of ( mistaken ) ferocity .
7 goals in 6 games was the reality of it , and though Marty Turco may have received much of the credit , it was definitely a team effort .
Team is the key word there , because it 's the same team they have now .
The exact same team .
Their inactivity on trade deadline day was supposed to give them consistency moving forward in the playoff race .
Three games later , however , the only thing the pre and post Olympic symmetry provides is a canvas on which to scribble questions we 'll likely never know the answers to .
Primarily these ones :
How can the exact same group of players and coaches produce such dichotomous stretches of defensive hockey ?
How can the team afford to move forward with the same group and get better ?
Was n't the new system supposed to supplement the defense with more offense ?
Dallas hockey was built on defense and GAA .
Credit Ken Hitchcock .
Credit Doug Armstrong .
Credit Sergei Zubov , Ludwig , Hatcher or Eddie the Eagle .
Credit whoever you like .
Two goaltenders , two coaches and countless changes on the back end have seen the Stars stay true to that same brand of hockey for a decade ; until now .
64 games into this new era , fans find themselves more interested in how to get back the way things were , rather than the way Marc Crawford said they 're going to be .
After the jump :
The who 's and what 's of the defensive collapse in Big D ....
No one likes change :
Marc Crawford has been called into question by Stars fans recently .
They do n't like his demeanor .
They do n't like his post game comments .
They do n't like his lines , and they do n't like his system .
Most importantly , they do n't like seeing their old coach ( Date Tippett ) , cruising with a bunch of perceived misfits and young guys into the playoffs , quite possibly with home ice advantage .
In short , fans do n't like losing , and they do n't like change .
Welcome to the human condition .
5 years from now , with hindsight on our side , we 'll be able to look back and make a proper judgment .
For now , we 'll reiterate something we 've said in this space many times :
He 's not going anywhere .
When an owner commits to a general manager , who in turn commits to a head coach , they typically get more than 64 games to state their case .
We have no reason to believe it will be any different this time .
Still , the culture shock that has everyone so up in arms is no surprise when you look at the history of the club :
Year Goal Against GAA Rank 1997-1998 167 2.04 2 1998-1999 168 2.05 1 1999-2000 184 2.24 3 2000-2001 187 2.28 2 2001-2002 213 2.60 18 2002-2003 169 2.06 3 2003-2004 175 2.13 2 2005-2006 217 2.65 6 2006-2007 193 2.35 3 2007-2008 204 2.49 6 2008-2009 251 3.06 25 2009-2010 195 3.05 24
It 's not hard to see where the fan base may have gotten a little spoiled .
18th in the league was enough to send Coach Hitchcock packing .
25th was enough to send Dave Tippett packing .
24th , or whatever it might be will not , however , be accompanied by a coaching change .
It might not be accompanied by any ( personnel ) changes at all .
Standing Pat :
ESPN Dallas asked Joe Nieuwendyk straight up the question on the mind of every Stars fan this week ( and since the beginning of last summer , really ) .
Q : To improve your defense , do you think you 'll have to make some wholesale changes because of the budget ?
A : I do n't think so .
You go through our defense .
Who do n't you like ?
[ Nicklas ] Grossman and [ Stephane ] Robidas are fixtures .
I like what Trevor Daley brings for us .
Would you like to see 20 - plus goals from Daley ?
Absolutely .
It 's probably not there .
But he brings 22 , 23 minutes every night and has great skating ability and is a great defender .
We could probably use somebody back there that can add a little more offensively and that 's an area to work on .
But our defense , we kind of like them all .
We 've had growing pains with [ Matt ] Niskanen , but after Robidas , he 's probably our best puck - moving defenseman and he 's young .
Look at the improvement of Mark Fistric .
Patience is an important part of it .
Who does n't like Karlis Skrastins for what he does every night ?
He puts his body on the line and does n't complain .
Our defensemen get a bad rap when we say we have to improve our defense .
We have to look at that area , but it 's overrated about the wholesale changes people think we need .
Joe Nieuwendyk spoke those words just as the Olympic break began , on the heels of Dallas ' wonderful six game performance in February .
To go through his man by man breakdown again after these last three games might cause you some incredulity and / or manic laughter .
Just remember :
It 's not Joe 's fault .
He had good reason to say those things when he did , and would have said them anyway even if he did n't .
General managers do n't make a habit of trashing their guys publicly ( though we 've heard Gm Joe be critical of the goaltending position ) .
For him to give such a glowing review of his d-men two weeks before the trade deadline suggested to Stars fans that they were n't intending on making a move , could n't afford to make a move , or believed they lacked the ammunition to make a move .
When weighing the sketchy financial future of the team with what he had just seen prior to the break , I believe they truly felt that standing pat was the best thing to do .
As far as the off - season goes , Mr. Nieuwendyk might not be able to say it , but the rest of us can : Wholesale changes are needed .
' Offensive ' Numbers :
The defense is n't limited to defending in today 's NHL .
Something we update every now and then are the scoring figures of Dallas blue - liners .
Of particular interest this year was Marc Crawford 's favorite training camp phrase : " Activating the defense . "
We heard they were going to " activate " the you - know - what out of guys like Trevor Daley and Matt Niskanen .
Let 's see how things are shaping up :
Total offensive contributions ( points ) from NHL defensemen on Western Conference teams as of 3/7/2010 are as follows :
Team ( current seed ) Points from Defensemen Chicago ( 2 ) 161 San Jose ( 1 ) 137 Los Angeles ( 5 ) 132 Vancouver ( 3 ) 132 Phoenix ( 4 ) 129 Anaheim ( 12 ) 126 Detroit ( 8 ) 126 Nashville ( 7 ) 123 Colorado ( 6 ) 122 Columbus ( 14 ) 122 St. Louis ( 10 ) 122 Calgary ( 9 ) 109 Minnesota ( 13 ) 108 Edmonton ( 15 ) 99 Dallas ( 11 ) 84
Hey , look , a list where the Oilers are n't last .
Also , note that the top 5 teams in the conference are top 5 in blue - line scoring .
It 's not a coincidence .
Let 's see how it stacks up against a pretty famous table that Bob Sturm put together earlier this season :
Rank Team Money on Dmen 1 . Detroit $ 23.8 m
2 . Calgary $ 23.4 m 3 . Edmonton $ 23.2 m 4 . Vancouver $ 21.4 m 5 . Colorado $ 20.8 m 6 . Minnesota $ 19.0 m
7 . Chicago $ 18.8 m 8 . St Louis $ 18.7 m 9 . San Jose $ 17.9 m 10 .
Anaheim $ 17.3 m 11 . Phoenix $ 16.2 m 12 . Los Angeles $ 14.9 m 13 . Columbus $ 14.2 m 14 . Nashville $ 12.6 m 15 . Dallas $ 8.7 m
That table is from January 7th , 2010 .
It was compiled by Bob Sturm of Sports Radio 1310 The Ticket .
Obviously things have changed since then with the trades and the whatnot ... that 's fine .
It still illustrates a point .
One point it illustrates is that Detroit and Edmonton were n't getting what they were paying for on their blue lines at the time ... but I digress .
The real point is that $ 8.7 million is not enough money if your blue line is going to be taken seriously in the hunt for a playoff spot .
The payroll distribution does not follow suit with the rest of the conference .
You might say their lack of offense has nothing to do with their horrendous GAA .
That 's fair , but other teams blue liners are helping to erase their mistakes .
Outside of a nice stretch for Robidas earlier this year , the Stars d-men are not .
The Stars WILL spend more money on defense next season :
And here 's why :
The five players they 're keeping next season already cost them $ 2.85 million more than the same five did this year , and they have to re-sign Nick Grossman and replace figure out what to do with Matt Niskanen .
Robidas ' raise is well earned .
Whatever increase Grossman gets is well earned .
Fistric is reasonably priced , and offers perhaps the greatest potential for growth of the bunch at this point .
Pre -Olympic Karlis Skrastins was very reasonably priced as well .
The rest ... well you can do your own math on them .
When I talk to people about the budget situation next year , the first words out of their mouths are always " They 'll free up $ 5.6 million from Marty Turco , plus Modano 's money and Lehtinen 's money .
They 'll have money to spend . "
The above is yet another reason why that is simply not true .
Robidas and Eriksson are already getting substantial raises , and we hope James Neal and Nick Grossman do as well .
Then there 's Kari Lehtonen ;
For better or worse , he needs a deal worth about $ 3 million .
You start to see the problem .
The bottom line :
If the Stars should decide to get serious about upgrading their defense for next season , it will come at the expense of the forward group .
It simply must .
The dollars do not allow for it be any other way .
The conversation surrounding the blue line will invariably end up sounding much like a Texas Rangers pitching discussion .
" Their " # 1 " guy is n't a true # 1 .
He 's a # 3 guy on a good team .
Maybe lower . "
With a proper pitching staff ( or D - core ) everyone moves down a couple of notches .
They start to look like more suitable pieces in those roles , but until things change dramatically , they 'll be expected to stretch themselves and perform at a higher level .
I would break it down for you X's and O 's style if I knew precisely what was wrong ;
But I do n't feel bad about not knowing .
Evidently the team does n't really know either or it would n't give up 17 goals in 3 games .
I 'm not expecting it to change , is what I 'm trying to say here .
I do n't see how it can without drastic sacrifice .
Like everything else , we end the discussion with a prayer for new ownership .
It 's getting old , but that 's life in big " D . "
By the way , while I was writing this , the Hurricanes shutout the Thrashers .
That pushed the Stars GAA rank from # 24 to # 25 in the league .
They 'll have a chance to do something about it when they meet the league 's # 1 ( by far ) offense in Washington tonight .
UPDATE : Ian McKellen ’s site was quietly updated on Wednesday , March 17th to now say that filming will start in July , one month later .
The director Guillermo del Toro is now living in Wellington , close to the Jacksons ’ and the studio in Miramar .
Ian McKellen , who is returning as Gandalf in the two films based on J. R. R. Tolkien ’s The Hobbit , has confirmed a report from earlier this year about the start of filming on his official website .
The site says :
THE HOBBIT ’s , two films , start shooting in New Zealand in June .
Filming will take over a year .
Casting in Los Angeles , New York City and London has started .
The script too proceeds .
The first draft is crammed with old and new friends , again on a quest in Middle Earth .
Guillermo del
Toro will direct the two highly - anticipated films .
The Toy Shop was a wonderful computer program from the ’ 80s which allowed you to decorate and print twenty different paper models which actually move !
It included all the dowels , wires , balloons , and so on which were required to create the models .
I ’ve enjoyed using this program on my Commodore 64 for many years , and now I am able to share these models with the paper modeling community so you can download and build your very own Toy Shop creations with any PC or Mac !
For more paper modeling with computers of yore , see my Paper Models – The Christmas Kit page !
( Skip the chatter !
Take me to the models ! )
— — — — — — —— ——
–
Paper Modeling , Card Modeling , Paper Craft , Paper Automata : Creating three - dimensional objects from a flat piece of paper is a favorite hobby of mine .
It can be challenging , educational , relaxing , and highly rewarding .
Through the internet I have found that there ’s a huge and growing network of people who share their modeling experiences , and I wanted to contribute a little something myself .
For several years I have been fascinated with a program I used on my Commodore 64 called “ The Toy Shop . ”
It was my introduction to the world of paper modeling , and was released in the eighties for Apple II , Commodore , IBM PC , and Apple Macintosh computers .
It included twenty customizable mechanical models on disk , as well as the supplies necessary to complete each project .
The models were created by Jim Calhoun , Kyle Wickware , and Michelle McBride .
I thoroughly enjoyed the models , but I became disenchanted with the quality and hassle of my Commodore printer .
I kept thinking , would n’t it be nice to capture the actual image data so I could print them on any computer in pristine inkjet or laser quality ?
I decided to figure out a way to capture the images .
After many failed attempts to decipher the files or transfer them to my PC , I actually connected two Commodore computers together and programmed one to pretend it was a printer , capturing the data and saving it to disk .
It worked , but it took an entire day just to capture a single page .
Finally I stumbled across a copy of the program on the internet meant for use with a Commodore emulator ( it can be downloaded below . )
Within a couple days I had all files in pristine bitmap format .
I am now presenting these files here for your enjoyment !
“ The Toy Shop ” offered several types of customization , including decal options , fill patterns , and personalized text .
The files preserved here are the default printouts created by the program .
( All the decal options are represented . )
They are saved as bitmaps , and can easily be altered , even colorized , in many image editing applications !
The model parts are bitmaps rather than jpegs because I did n’t want to lose any detail ; if this is an issue , please let me know .
Want to Share Your Toy Shop Experiences ?
If you ’ve made some of these models and want to share your handiwork , please email me a photo and I ’ll post it here !
If you have problems or suggestions about this site or the models , leave a comment ( click here and scroll to the bottom of this page ) or email me !
My email is gmontag451athotmaildotcom !
( Obviously , change athotmaildotcom to @hotmail.com )
( Click here to skip below and see other people ’s Toy Shop creations ! )
____________________________________________________________
Downloading Model Parts and Instructions :
To download the model parts and instruction pages for a model , click on the Model Parts or Assembly Instructions links under the photo of the model .
A new MediaFire download window will open .
Click the words “ Click here to start download , ” it may take a few seconds to appear .
Save the file to your hard drive .
Since MediaFire is a free service , it relies on advertising , so a new window will open with an advertisement in it ; simply close the ad window .
If any pages do not work , please click here , scroll to the bottom , and leave a comment letting me know where the problem is .
The files are compressed as Zip files .
Windows users can right - click the file and click “ Extract all ” to unzip the file , Mac users typically need only double - click it .
You may wish to download the general Assembly Techniques portion of the Toy Shop manual , which is geared towards card modeling newbies .
It is located here : ( Assembly Techniques )
Considerations for Using Regular Cardstock :
The original Toy Shop cardstock was twice as thick and stiffer than regular cardstock , and I have found that certain models need tweaking and reinforcement when made with regular cardstock .
I am creating a text document of my own experiences as well as suggestions from others , which I will update from time to time .
The document is located here : ( Suggested Improvements ) – Last updated 1/23/08 ( sorry , I ’ve been very busy ! )
Coloring the Images :
Crayons , colored pencils , and paint are the way these models were intended to be decorated , but now you can use your computer too !
To color these images with your computer , you ’ll need an image editing application like PhotoShop .
You may need to change the image from Bitmap to Grayscale to CMYK Color .
Then you can just use the paint bucket to pour color into areas .
( For checkered areas , use a bounding marquee box to highlight only the area you want to fill .
Use alt and shift to take away from and add to the bounding rectangle .
Deselect “ Contiguous ” and then use the paint bucket . )
Some areas may “ spill out ” into the background , simply Undo , and use a bounding box to contain your paint bucket .
When you ’re finished painting , save the image in your preferred file format .
( It sounds complicated , but it ’s really simple . )
If anyone wants to submit their painted versions , I ’d be happy to host them !
Here ’s an example I made for the Zoetrope : zoetrope - painted.jpg
Printing Model Parts :
Note :
For certain models , Toy Shop had three “ decal ” options to choose from .
I ’ve preserved them all , so there are three versions of a single page .
You do n’t need to print all three versions , it just gives you a little variety to choose from .
Originally , the pages were intended to be printed on plain paper , and that paper would then be adhered to thick adhesive card stock .
I have never been able to find adhesive cardstock similar to the sheets that came with The Toy Shop .
Printing on regular card stock should work fine for these models , however some pages may need to be glued to another layer for reinforcement , or to thicker card stock .
( See link above for “ Suggested Improvements . ” )
Some pages are marked “ Do not adhere to cardstock , ” just print them on regular paper .
There is at least one page where half of it is adhered and half is not .
You ’ll have to print these pages twice ; once on cardstock , once on paper .
( Another option is to print the model at 50 % size , which would make the cardstock more or less the proper thickness for the scale . )
Using The Toy Shop Software in a Commodore Emulator :
For anyone who wishes to try out The Toy Shop program in a Commodore emulator to personalize your models , the software files and my bitmap conversion program are here .
I ’ve only tested this using WinVice .
( Note :
These emulator files sometimes create small glitches in the model parts which are not present on real disks .
The model parts shared below have been corrected and are faithful to the original files . )
____________________________________________________________
The Models
1/21/11 – The broken links should be working now , sorry for the delay .
Having a newborn takes up a LOT of time !
Thanks everyone for your patience !
Antique Truck – Popular !
“ Circa 1910 , this truck with movable wheels can be built in an open cargo bed or closed van version . ”
Antique Truck Model Parts
Antique Truck Assembly Instructions
Balancing Jet
“ Sleek jet fighter plane perched on the point of a pin .
Tilts and turns yet always returns to straight and level flight . ”
Balancing Jet Model Parts
Balancing Jet Assembly Instructions
Carousel – Most popular !
“ This ornate antique carousel has four spirited horses which prance up and down as the wheel turns . ”
Carousel Model Parts
Carousel Assembly Instructions
Carousel video submitted by Maria Irene :
Equatorial Sundial
“ Portable sundial has two faces and never needs winding .
Accurate anywhere between 25 and 50 degrees latitude . ”
Equatorial Sundial Model Parts
Link fixed !
2/12/10
Equatorial Sundial Assembly Instructions
Experimental Glider
“ This glider flies like a dream and makes perfect landings .
Ideal for experiments in aerodynamics . ”
Experimental Glider Model Parts
Experimental Glider Assembly Instructions
Flying Propeller
“ Wonderfully simple flying machine .
Spin the dowel between your palms , let go and watch it soar . ”
Flying Propeller Model Parts
Flying Propeller Assembly Instructions
Helicraft
“ Powered by a rubber band , this distinctive autogyro climbs to a height of 15 feet or more . ”
Helicraft Model Parts
Helicraft Assembly Instructions
Jet Dragster
“ Balloon - powered racing car .
Uses jet propulsion to zoom across your floor or table top . ”
Jet Dragster Model Parts
Jet Dragster Assembly Instructions
Mechanical Bank
“ A real collector ’s item , this bank is operated by a precisely designed clockwork mechanism .
A classy way to save your cash . ”
Mechanical Bank Model Parts
Mechanical Bank Assembly Instructions
Click the links below to watch the Mechanical Bank at Google Video !
( Videos by SCEtoAUX )
Video 1 Video 2
Medieval Catapult
“ Replica of a deadly medieval war machine .
Uses a rubber band mechanism to hurl missiles such as jelly beans or wadded paper . ”
Medieval Catapult Model Parts
Medieval Catapult Assembly Instructions
Mercer Raceabout
“ A car collector ’s dream , this 1911 Mercer features steerable front wheels operated by a rod mechanism similar to that used in many early automobiles . ”
Mercer Raceabout Model Parts
Mercer Raceabout Assembly Instructions
The Oracle
“ Having trouble making decisions ?
Just use this pop -up Oracle to get the answers you need . ”
The Oracle Model Parts
The Oracle Assembly Instructions
Pennypower Scale
“ Handy desktop scale weighs objects up to one and a half ounces , and has its roots in balancing scales first developed around 3000 B.C. ”
Pennypower Scale Model Parts
Pennypower Scale Assembly Instructions
Spirit of St. Louis
“ Scale model of the plane flown by Charles Lindbergh in 1927 in the first solo , non -stop flight across the Atlantic .
Propeller spins and wheels turn . ”
Spirit of St. Louis Model Parts
Spirit of St. Louis Assembly Instructions Link fixed !
2/12/10
Starship
“ The ultimate paper airplane .
Strange to look at , it flies beautifully and is super easy to build . ”
Starship Model Parts
Link fixed !
2/12/10
Starship Assembly Instructions
Steam Engine
“ Working model of a real steam engine .
Balloon power moves the piston and flywheel .
Can be used to operate several other Toy Shop models . ”
Steam Engine Model Parts
Steam Engine Assembly Instructions
Steam Oil Pump
“ An oil pump run by a steam engine ?
Well , why not ?
This sturdy model will pump up and down as long as the power holds out . ”
Steam Oil Pump Model Parts
Steam Oil Pump Assembly Instructions
Steam Table Saw
“ Watch the blade spin as this saw responds to the power of the mighty Toy Shop steam engine . ”
Steam Table Saw Model Parts
Steam Table Saw Assembly Instructions
Tractor Crane
“ Works just like the real thing .
The boom of this crane can be raised and lowered and the bucket opened and closed due to an ingenious system of sewing thread cables . ”
Tractor Crane Model Parts
Tractor Crane Assembly Instructions
Zoetrope
“ Early motion picture machine .
Still pictures viewed through slits in the drum seem to move as the Zoetrope spins . ”
Zoetrope Model Parts
Zoetrope Assembly Instructions
And just for sake of completeness ( and obsessive fun ! ) :
The Toy Shop had two test pages .
The first would print the Toy Shop logo ( see above ) to test if your printer was compatible with the software setup .
The second was simply a dotted line , a tool for pin-feed printers to ensure that the paper was set at the correct spot , so that pages would not spill off the bottom of the paper .
Neither are necessary to build these models , but I ’ve decided to preserve them out of compulsive need !
Click for the ->
Test Printouts
____________________________________________________________
Bonus Snooper Troops Model !
Here I created a classic - computer related model of the SnoopMobile from the great Snooper Troops games !
I used actual screen captures from the Commodore version for the sides .
Nothing exciting but I had fun .
Enjoy !
Click here for the -> SnoopMobile !
_____________________________________________________________________
Trivia :
Three of the parts pages ( Carousel 1a of 5 , Flying Propeller 1 of 1 , and Mercer Raceabout 5 of 5 ) were created using actual Commodore computers .
I used a Commodore 128 to print them , but instead of a printer , it was connected to a Commodore Vic - 20 which was programmed to act like a printer , and it simply saved the incoming data to disk .
It took a whole day to capture the data for a single page .
The captured data was then converted by the 128 into a bitmap image , which took almost 48 hours per page .
The resulting file was imported to a PC , and ( like every page here ) they were reoriented and scaled to correct proportions in PhotoShop .
All told , it took almost nine days to make these three pages , and that ’s why I only did three !
A note about copyright :
To the best of my knowledge , the images I am sharing here are no longer protected .
As the software is no longer being made , the computers have been discontinued , and no modern equivalent software exists as far as I know , I hope any concerned parties will see this effort as I do :
This page is dedicated to preserving and showcasing a wonderful project that should not be lost and forgotten !
________________________________________________________________
Submitted and Found photos of Toy Shop Models :
Here ’s a video of Maria Irene ’s Toy Shop Carousel :
Here are some pictures from jackdaw of his revamped Antique Truck .
A few of his changes include : “ … adding a false floor to the cab as well as a bench seat , steering wheel , gear lever , inside handles , and door panels and glazing the windows .
The wipers are stuck on the outside , and the motors on the inside of the upper pane of the front window .
The windows were salvaged from a couple of blister packs .
Also much of the decoration such as the handbrake and door furniture etc. were copied and laminated onto separate parts and added to to the body .
I also added a front bumper , starting handle , and a radiator cap temperature gauge to the ensemble , and a rim and planking to the inside of the load box … ”
Jos Leppens from Belgium created a 3D Antique Truck from the model parts in Sketchup and put it on Google 3D !
Click the photos to go to the Google 3D Warehouse and see the interactive model !
Click the images below to watch the Mechanical Bank at Google Video !
( Videos by SCEtoAUX )
Antique Truck by KCStephens / HeavyKevie :
Mini Medieval Catapult by me ( Michael Bean ) :
Medieval Catapult by cgutzmer :
Mini Steam Powered Engine by Triop :
____________________________________________________________________
Visit Michael and Lacey ’s other sites !
– Paper Models – The Christmas Kit – more paper modeling with old computers !
A Dickens Christmas Village , A Holiday Locomotive , creative ornaments and gift packaging !
– Commodore 64 Logo , Computereyes , Odell Woods , and more – Some random stuff , including Commodore 64 Terrapin Logo programming software , Odell Lake and Odell Woods , Star Wars stuff , and more .
– Halloween 2007 – The Headless Horseman comes to visit !
– Halloween 2008 – The Monster Motel opens for business !
Freeloaders enjoying the entitled life are not confined to subprime areas .
Today 's featured property may be the worst case of housing entitlement in the country , and it is right here in Irvine .
Irvine Home Address … 14 BLUEBELL Irvine , CA 92618
Resale Home Price …… $ 469,900
{book1}
The mountain is high , the valley is low
And you 're confused ' bout which way to go
So I flew here to give you a hand
And lead you into the promised land
So , come on and take a free ride ( free ride )
Come on and take it by my side
Come on and take a free ride
All over the country , I 'm seeing the same
Nobody 's winning , at this kind of game
The Edgar Winter Group — Free Ride
If people get to have free rides , do n't you want to be one of them ?
Looks like great fun to me .
I can see why everyone wants to own a house in California ; you get a nice entitlement during the rough times , and you get free money during the good times .
Where do I sign up ?
Recently , I exposed The Face of Housing Entitlement Today .
… from the LA Times article Many borrowers in default live for free as lenders delay evictions :
Despite being months behind , many strapped residents are hanging on to their homes , essentially living rent - free .
Pressure on banks to modify loans and a glut of inventory are driving the trend .
[ Patricia and Eugene Harrison , who bought their Perris home seven years ago , have lived there since October 2008 without making any payments on their mortgage .
( Irfan Khan / Los Angeles Times / February 19 , 2010 ) ]
Do you think any unemployed renters who are failing to pay rent are living that well ?
Full dinner plates , a solid roof , mementos and permanent storage , comfortable surroundings ; we endow these entitlements on those who own .
…
If you can sign your name to a mortgage , you no longer have to fear homelessness , and your level of entitlement increases significantly . …
[ Pictured above : Unemployed renter and family who failed to sign loan documents and squat in a house ]
Many people astutely observed that squatting is more common in Riverside County , mostly due to higher levels of unemployment , but Irvine is not immune to its effect .
In fact , people squat in Irvine houses just as they do in the valley of the dirt people , and in the case of today 's featured property , it is much , much worse .
Irvine 's Housing Entitlement
I first profiled today 's featured property back in September of 2009 in the post Bluebell , a shocking example of gaming the system here in Irvine .
The owner of today 's featured property paid $ 465,000 on 10/23/2003 .
She used a $ 372,000 first mortgage , a $ 93,000 second mortgage , and a $ 0 down payment .
On 12/30/2004 she refinanced into an Option ARM for $ 486,500 .
Two months later on 2/3/2005 she opened a HELOC for $ 67,000 .
Total property debt is $ 553,500 plus 3 years of missed payments , negative amortization , and fees .
Total mortgage equity withdrawal is $ 88,500 .
Consider what this woman accomplished :
She put no money into the transaction .
None .
She extracted $ 88,500 in just over one year .
That is nearly the median income in Irvine , and that money came to her without tax withholding .
She has lived in the property since 2003 , and in the full term of ownership , she has not made payments totaling what she pulled from the property .
I admit to feeling foolish .
I looked at property in late 2003 , and I deemed it too expensive .
It never occurred to me that anyone could accomplish what this woman has done , or I might have followed in her footsteps .
I feel like an idiot struggling to actually pay for my housing costs when I could have obtained a free ride for the last seven years .
I hope lenders know that California borrowers are learning their lessons well .
Foreclosure Record
Recording Date : 02/08/2010
Document Type : Notice of Sale ( aka Notice of Trustee 's Sale )
Foreclosure Record
Recording Date : 12/03/2008
Document Type : Notice of Sale ( aka Notice of Trustee 's Sale )
Foreclosure Record
Recording Date : 08/28/2008
Document Type : Notice of Default
Foreclosure Record
Recording Date : 08/08/2007
Document Type : Notice of Rescission
Foreclosure Record
Recording Date : 05/25/2007
Document Type : Notice of Sale ( aka Notice of Trustee 's Sale )
Foreclosure Record
Recording Date : 01/24/2007
Document Type : Notice of Default
As I noted six months ago :
The owner of this property stopped making payments sometime in late 2006 .
It has been over two and one - half years [ now three years ] since this owner stopped paying , and she is still listed as the property owner , so one can assume she still occupies the property .
That is two and one - half years without a housing payment — a bill we will all pick up as taxpayers at some point .
How does that make you feel ?
Did you pay for your housing since 2006 ?
I did .
The place looks very lived - in .
Despite not paying a mortgage or rent , the owner looks in no hurry to leave .
It is a mess but not a packing mess …
How many of you who have been paying for your housing are living this well ?
Irvine Home Address … 14 BLUEBELL Irvine , CA 92618
Resale Home Price … $ 469,900
Home Purchase Price … $ 465,000
Home Purchase Date ….
10/23/2003
Net Gain ( Loss ) ………. $ ( 23,294 )
Percent Change ………. 1.1 %
Annual Appreciation … 0.1 %
Cost of Ownership
— — — — — — — — — ———————-
$ 469,900 ………. Asking Price
$ 16,447 ………. 3.5 % Down FHA Financing
5.00 % …………… Mortgage Interest Rate
$ 453,454 ………. 30 - Year Mortgage
$ 97,297 ………. Income Requirement
$ 2,434 ………. Monthly Mortgage Payment
$ 407 ………. Property Tax
$ 150 ………. Special Taxes and Levies ( Mello Roos )
$ 39 ………. Homeowners Insurance
$ 114 ………. Homeowners Association Fees
============================================
$ 3,145 ………. Monthly Cash Outlays
-$ 402 ………. Tax Savings ( % of Interest and Property Tax )
-$ 545 ………. Equity Hidden in Payment
$ 32 ………. Lost Income to Down Payment ( net of taxes )
$ 59 ………. Maintenance and Replacement Reserves
============================================
$ 2,289 ………. Monthly Cost of Ownership
Cash Acquisition Demands
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
$ 4,699 ………. Furnishing and Move In @1 %
$ 4,699 ………. Closing Costs @ 1 %
$ 4,535 ………… Interest Points @ 1 % of Loan
$ 16,447 ………. Down Payment
============================================
$ 30,379 ………. Total Cash Costs
$ 35,000 ………… Emergency Cash Reserves
============================================
$ 65,379 ………. Total Savings Needed
Property Details for 14 BLUEBELL Irvine , CA 92618
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
2 Beds
1 full 1 part baths Baths
1,508 sq ft Home size
( $ 312 / sq ft )
2,000 sq ft Lot Size
Year Built 2000
4 Days on Market
MLS Number S608286
Condominium , Residential Property Type
Oak Creek Community
Tract Acac
— — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — — —— ——
LIVE THE DREAM IN THIS MAGNIFICENT 2 BEDROOM PLUS LOFT / OFFICE , 2.5 BATHROOM OAK CREEK HOME .
SOME OF THE MANY FEATURES INCLUDE RICH , STRESSED HARDWOOD FLOORS THRU - OUT MAIN LEVEL , 2 MASTER SUITES , CUSTOMIZED WINDOW TREATMENTS , STAINLESS STEEL APPLIANCES , LARGE CENTER ISLAND WITH BAR TOP , TILE COUNTERS , PLUS A PRIVATE BACKYARD , WALKING PAVERS AND LUSH , MATURE SOFTSCAPE .
DON'T MISS OUT ON THIS BEAUTIFUL HOME !
Live the dream ?
Yes , my dream is to live in this house for several years at no cost .
Can you do that for me ?
BTW , what is this picture supposed to show me ?
And are you tilting your head to the left ?
Paygo , or pay - as - you - go budgeting , is back in fashion .
But the House has found a way to make belt - tightening less painful :
They 're simply giving themselves loopholes worth $ 1.5 trillion in the new paygo rules .
From today 's Washington Post :
Congress agreed Thursday to revive the pay - as - you - go budget rules that helped wipe out massive deficits and balance the budget during the Clinton administration , although the new version includes a long list of exceptions that would permit Democrats to add at least $ 1.5 trillion to the nation 's tab over the next decade .
This is the congressional equivalent of planning a binge on champagne and foie gras on New Year 's
Eve before starting a teetotaling , low - calorie year .
Except in this case , the binge lasts ten years and then they 'll think about dieting in 2020 .
Last year I led a campaign to obtain an apology for the mistreatment of the British mathematician Alan Turing .
Turing 's prosecution for homosexuality led to the death of a true genius at the age of only 41 in 1954 .
On 10 September last year , Gordon Brown issued an apology that recognised Turing 's stature as one of the greatest Britons .
But Britain has a final opportunity to unapologetically recognise Alan Turing in two years ' time , at the 2012 Olympics .
It 's now well known that Turing laid down the foundations of computer science in the 1930s , helped shorten the second world war by breaking Nazi codes at Bletchley Park and investigated artificial intelligence .
He went on to design early computers during the late 1940s and just before he died he was untangling the process of morphogenesis to understand why and how living beings take the shape they do .
Only today are scientists appreciating the work he did in his last years , and every computer user can be thankful for his theoretical Turing machine , which captured the essence of the machines we all use .
What is less known is that Turing was also an accomplished physical athlete .
He was an excellent marathon runner , with a best time of 2 hours 46 minutes .
He ran for a local club in Walton , Surrey while working at the National Physical Laboratory in Teddington .
He is also said to have run between London and Bletchley Park for meetings during the second world war , and at age 14 he cycled 60 miles from Southampton to school at Sherborne during the general strike of 1926 .
The last time Britain hosted the Olympics , in 1948 , Turing tried out for the British Olympic marathon team .
He came fifth in the trials .
He ended up attending the games as a spectator taking along two of his young nieces as guests .
That year Britain took a silver in the marathon when Thomas Richards ran for 2 hours 35 minutes .
Alan Turing was only 11 minutes slower .
2012 has great significance : it 's the centenary of his birth on 23 June .
To celebrate " Alan Turing Year " , mathematicians and scientists across Britain and around the world are arranging events throughout the year .
Celebrations of Turing 's work will be held in Manchester ( where he was living and working when he died ) and at Bletchley Park .
There 's even a suggestion that Unesco should designate 2012 the year of computer science .
Turing 's life also deserves celebration far from the places he 's most associated with .
As Britons , we live in a world Turing helped create : computers have permeated our lives and his work at Bletchley Park with thousands of others helped bring the war with Nazi Germany to an end .
As London shows off what 's great about Britain through the Olympic games , let 's show off a great Briton of whom we should be proud .
What better way to honour Turing than by naming the 2012 marathon the " Turing marathon " and inviting his surviving nieces to witness the event ?
One of them could even be invited to fire the starting pistol that will set the runners off .
Those little girls are elderly now , but their memories of Uncle Alan are bright .
Inviting them would be a fitting tribute .
Of course , detractors may be concerned about sullying the games by associating an individual with an event .
But such concerns did n't stop Greece in 2004 from naming their entire Olympic stadium after Spiridon Louis ( who won the marathon event in 1896 ) .
Honouring the life of a man would be a welcome antidote to the heavy commercialisation surrounding the games .
Others may worry about raking over the embers of the dark days of anti-homosexuality laws .
But there 's little need to be concerned : celebrating Turing does n't mean focusing on just that one aspect of his life ; it means recognising a mental and physical athlete , a mathematician and marathon runner , and a man to whom we owe so much .
It 's rare that events coincide to give us one moment in time when a man like Turing can be celebrated in all his complexity .
Let 's not miss the chance in 2012 .
• This article was commissioned after the author contacted us via a You Tell Us thread
Until now , Tyrannosaurs were known only from northern continents Scientists have found the first evidence that tyrannosaur dinosaurs - relatives of the famous T. rex - existed in the southern hemisphere .
Previously , tyrannosaurs had only been known from fossil finds in northern continents , the team of researchers write in Science journal .
Now , a hip bone found in Australia has been identified as belonging to a southern relative of T. rex .
It came from an animal about 3 m ( 9ft ) long and weighing around 80kg ( 176lb ) .
This is much smaller than T. rex , which measured about 12 m long and weighed around four tonnes .
Giant size like this is thought to have evolved late in the tyrannosaur lineage .
The specimen , known only as NMV P186069 , was unearthed at Dinosaur Cove , in Victoria , Australia .
The fossil , which is around 110 million years old , lays to rest any doubt that tyrannosaurs inhabited the southern continents .
Dr Roger Benson , from the department of Earth Sciences at the University of Cambridge , UK , said : " Although we only have one bone , it shows that 110 million years ago small tyrannosaurs like ours might have been found worldwide .
" This find has major significance for our knowledge of how this group of dinosaurs evolved . "
Co-author Dr Paul Barrett , from London 's Natural History Museum , commented : " The absence of tyrannosauroids from the southern continents was becoming more and more anomalous as representatives of other ' northern ' dinosaur groups started to show up in the south .
" This find shows that tyrannosauroids were able to reach these areas early in their evolutionary history and also hints at the possibility that others remain to be discovered in Africa , South America and India . "
During the time of the dinosaurs the continents gradually went from a single supercontinent towards something like their present - day arrangement .
This tyrannosaur is from the mid-stages of this continental break - up , when the southern continents of South America , Antarctica , Africa and Australia had separated from the northern continents , but had not separated from each other .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A new study published in the March edition of American Journal of Public Health finds that gays and lesbians living in states where gay marriage is banned are at greater risk to psychiatric disorders .
Researchers analyzed data from lesbians , gays and bisexuals who were interviewed in 2001 - 2002 and 2004 - 2005 for the National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions .
The participants lived in states that instituted constitutional amendments banning gay marriage following the 2004 - 2005 elections .
The researchers found a significant increase in the prevalence of mood disorders , generalized anxiety Researchers analyzed data from lesbians , gays and bisexuals who were interviewed in 2001 - 2002 and 2004 - 2005 for the National Epidemiologic Survey on Alcohol and Related Conditions .
The participants lived in states that instituted constitutional amendments banning gay marriage following the 2004 - 2005 elections .
The researchers found a significant increase in the prevalence of mood disorders , generalized anxiety disorders and alcohol use disorders among lesbians , gays and bisexuals after the states banned gay marriage .
The greatest increase — more than 200 percent — was seen in generalized anxiety disorder .
In some Afghan provinces , warlords still reign supreme .
Under their authority , the treatment of women is bleakly reminiscent of Taliban rule ; as this video of a woman being whipped in public goes to show .
Please be aware , you may find these images upsetting .
The footage , posted online by Afghani women 's rights organisation RAWA , based in Pakistan , was originally aired by the Afghan TV channel " Tolo TV " on Feb. 18 ( the logo of the channel is seen at the bottom of the screen ) .
When contacted by FRANCE 24 , the Afghan channel told us that the scene had taken place in December 2009 in the Dolina district ( Ghor province , central ) , and that the footage was filmed by one of its sources there .
According to Ghor governor Abdul Hai Khatibi , the two women flogged that day -- only one is seen on the video -- had been forced to marry against their will .
Beaten by their husbands , they ran away from their respective homes disguised in men's clothing .
After a month on the run they were caught by police in Chasht ( Herat province , west ) , arrested , and sent back to their husbands .
Both women were sentenced to 45 lashes in public .
In a statement made on Pajhowk Afghan News , the deputy chief of police of Dolina district , Jahan Shah , explained that the case had been handed over to the local warlord , Fazl Ahad .
He decided to have the women punished for running away , but also demanded that the husbands , whom he deemed guilty as well , divorce their wives .
Lady Gaga ’s 9 - minute video featuring Beyoncé is steeped in weirdness and shock value .
Behind the strange aesthetic , however , lies a deeper meaning , another level of interpretation .
The video refers to mind control and , more specifically , Monarch Programming , a covert technique profusely used in the entertainment industry .
Just when I thought I ’d written everything I had to write about Lady Gaga , Telephone comes out .
An inevitable deluge of e-mails instantly followed , demanding an article about it .
So I watched the video and , gosh darn it , the people who wrote those e-mails were right .
There are , yet again , a whole bunch of Illuminati / mind control symbols in Lady Gaga ’s latest video .
I ca n’t say I was surprised , however , knowing that Jonas Akerlund co-wrote and directed the video .
In the article Lady Gaga , the Illuminati puppet ( which I suggest you read before this one ) , I dissected the Akerlund - directed video Paparazzi and its references to mind - control programming .
Telephone acts as a sequel to Paparazzi , where Gaga still plays the role of a mind - controlled drone who kills people .
This concept is never openly discussed by the artists when they are asked to explain their videos because it is not meant to be understood by the masses .
The hidden meaning of the video actually depicts the elite ’s contempt for the general population , hence the scene of ritual murder of average Americans in a diner by mind - controlled slaves .
Do n’t know what the hell I ’m talking about ?
Keep reading .
The Hidden Meaning of the Song
When I first heard Telephone on the radio , I thought the song was about Lady Gaga receiving phone calls from an annoying dude while she ’s out in a club .
I could already picture a video of Gaga on a dance floor not answering her cell phone .
I ’ve imagined this video because I was interpreting the song at its face value and going by its literal meaning like most people do .
Akerlund ’s video has however infused a second , deeper meaning to the song , giving it an entirely new dimension .
In an interview with E ! Online , Gaga herself explained this fact :
“ There was this really amazing quality in ‘ Paparazzi , ’ where it kind of had this pure pop music quality but at the same time it was a commentary on fame culture .
In its own way , even at certain points working with Jonas Åkerlund , the director of both videos really achieved this high art quality in the way that it was shot .
I wanted to do the same thing with this video — take a decidedly pop song , which on the surface has a quite shallow meaning , and turn it into something deeper . ”
– Source
What is never stated , however , is that this “ deeper meaning ” found in Gaga ’s video relates to mind control , a covert practice used by the military , the CIA , religious cults and the Illuminati elite .
It is used to program human beings to become mental slaves and to execute specific tasks .
In Paparazzi , Gaga plays the role of a mind - controlled slave who was “ programmed ” to poison and kill her boyfriend .
Telephone is a continuation of this story , where Gaga goes to jail for her crime .
In the video , the “ telephone ” is a metaphor for Gaga ’s brain and the fact that she is not answering that phone ( her brain ) means that she has “ dissociated ” from reality .
Dissociation is the ultimate goal of Monarch mind control .
It is induced by traumatizing events , such as electroshock therapy or torture , to force the victim to dissociate from reality .
This enables the handlers to create in the victim an alter personality that can be programmed to perform various tasks , such as carrying out an assassination .
“ Trauma - based mind control programming can be defined as systematic torture that blocks the victim ’s capacity for conscious processing ( through pain , terror , drugs , illusion , sensory deprivation , sensory over - stimulation , oxygen deprivation , cold , heat , spinning , brain stimulation , and often , near - death ) , and then employs suggestion and / or classical and operant conditioning ( consistent with well - established behavioral modification principles ) to implant thoughts , directives , and perceptions in the unconscious mind , often in newly - formed trauma - induced dissociated identities , that force the victim to do , feel , think , or perceive things for the purposes of the programmer .
The objective is for the victim to follow directives with no conscious awareness , including execution of acts in clear violation of the victim ’s moral principles , spiritual convictions , and volition .
Installation of mind control programming relies on the victim ’s capacity to dissociate , which permits the creation of new walled - off personalities to “ hold ” and “ hide ” programming .
Already dissociative children are prime “ candidates ” for programming ” .
– Ellen P. Lacter , Ph.D. , The Relationship Between Mind Control Programming and Ritual Abuse
Gaga ’s brain as a non-answering telephone is represented in two separate occasions during the video :
So in the context of the video , the telephone is Gaga ’s mind and the dance club is representative of her dissociative state , the “ magical place ” mind - controlled slaves are trained to escape to during traumatic events .
“ Hello , hello , baby
You called , I ca n’t hear a thing .
I have got no service
in the club , you say , say
Wha - Wha - What did you say , huh ?
You ’re breaking up on me
Sorry , I cannot hear you ,
I ’m kinda busy .
K - kinda busy
K -kinda busy
Sorry , I cannot hear you , I ’m kinda busy . ”
By “ kinda busy ” , Gaga means she has dissociated from reality .
Real life is calling her brain but she “ has no service ” , she ’s not there .
The chorus pretty much epitomizes this concept .
“ Stop callin ’ , stop callin’ ,
I do n’t wanna think anymore !
I left my head and my heart on the dance floor .
Stop callin’ , stop callin ,
I do n’t wanna talk anymore !
I left my head and my heart on the dance floor . ”
Gaga is not thinking or talking for herself anymore , her head and her heart have been dissociated from her core personality due to Monarch programming .
Video Analysis
The video is a Quentin Tarentino - esque short film which is heavily inspired by Thelma and Louise and peppered with tons of product placements and transvestites .
That surely was n’t the video I was picturing when I first heard that song .
From the comments I ’ve read , the video left many fans confused about its meaning .
This is quite understandable , knowing that most viewers have no idea what the song is really about .
When the hidden “ mind control ” meaning is brought to light , the symbolism of the video becomes evident and the storyline becomes more coherent .
I will now attempt to go through the many symbolic scenes of the video and explain their occult meaning .
The video starts with Gaga entering the “ Prison for Bitches ” .
So , yeah , I know , she addressed that hermaphrodite rumor and many think it was the most hilarious thing ever .
I ’ve never really cared about those gossipy rumors so I wo n’t elaborate on them .
In the prison yard , Gaga walks around chained up and wearing sunglasses made of lit cigarettes .
Gaga then sits down and “ gets busy ” with a weird - looking inmate , but is interrupted by a phone call .
She seems to be enjoying a special status in the jail … maybe due to the fact that she is a slave only obeying orders … and that she is needed again .
Gaga is then bailed out by Beyoncé and leaves prison .
Inside the car , Gaga and Beyoncé engage into a highly dissociative conversation .
It basically sounds like dialogue between two mind - controlled slaves .
The phrase “ Trust is like a mirror .
You can fix it if it ’s broke but you can still see the crack in the motherfucker ’s reflection ” can refer to a cheating boyfriend and can also refer to the permanent damage caused by the fragmenting of one ’s personality in mind control .
The dynamic duo then enters an all - American , good ol ’- fashioned diner .
Beyoncé meets with probably the biggest douche in the universe ( played by Tyrese Gibson ) and proceeds to poison him .
At this point , Gaga comes out of the kitchen with poisoned honey and serves it to the customers .
The mass murder begins … people eat up Gaga ’s poisoned honey and die .
Does this represent the Illuminati elite poisoning the masses with toxic media ?
The entire clientele of the all - American diner gets poisoned and dies .
You might have noticed the emphasis on “ bees ” and “ honey ” during the entire video .
Gaga calls Beyoncé “ Honey Bee ” .
She also serves poisoned honey to the diner ’s customers .
What does this signify ?
Beyoncé and Gaga ’s poisonous honey is actually their music and videos , which are served to the general public through mass media .
You can figure out the rest .
While the customers are agonizing and dying , Beyoncé puts on the Mickey Mouse sunglasses , the same glasses worn by Gaga in Paparazzi while killing her boyfriend .
In both videos , the singers wore the glasses during the killings , hinting at the fact that they are programmed to execute the poisonings .
As stated in previous articles , Mickey Mouse ears or designs often occultly refer to mind control , probably because Disney films were known to be used on MK slaves during their programming .
Gaga and Beyoncé then start dancing in “ patriotic ” outfits surrounded by the lifeless bodies of dead Americans … pretty disturbing .
In her interview with E ! Online about Telephone , Gaga stated she wanted to take
“ the idea that America is full of young people that are inundated with information and technology and turn it into something that was more of a commentary on the kind of country that we are . ”
– Source
Is that what she meant ?
To sum up the situation in the diner , we have Lady Gaga and Beyoncé dancing around dead people and singing about the fact they are dissociative mind - controlled drones .
“ Can call all you want ,
but there ’s no one home ,
and you ’re not gonna reach my telephone ! ”
Gaga and Beyoncé finally flee the crime scene .
Gaga is then shown in front of the Pussy Wagon wearing a leopard - print suit , a reference to “ sex kitten ” programming .
BETA .
Referred to as “ sexual ” programming .
This programming eliminates all learned moral convictions and stimulates the primitive sexual instinct , devoid of inhibitions .
“ Cat ” alters may come out at this level .
- Ron Patton , Project Monarch
In the final scene , Gaga and Beyoncé prance around wearing dresses by Emilie Pirlot .
Beyoncé ’s black dress and the veils hint to the ritualistic nature of the murders .
Illuminati Signs
As stated in previous articles , the hiding of one eye and the “ a - ok ” sign ( which seemingly means 666 in the music industry ) are flashed by all Illuminati artists , apparently to show their allegiance .
There is a truckload of them in this video .
One Eye Hidden
A - Ok Handsign
Electroshock Therapy
Electroshock therapy is the main tool employed by mind control handlers to induce dissociation and fragmentation in the victims .
This horrifying practice has been referred to several times in Gaga ’s works .
Here are two examples .
Manifesto of Little Monsters
In this interlude video of the Monster Ball Tour , Gaga clearly gets electroshocked :
David Lachapelle Photoshoot
Another instance where Gaga gets electroshock therapy .
In Conclusion
Telephone is yet another Lady Gaga product permeated with references to mind control and Illuminati symbolism .
Gaga ’s “ commentary ” on today ’s youth is certainly not a positive one .
The video basically says : America is ready to eat any poisonous crap the elite serves them , and that is accomplished through controlled puppets .
I will now pre-address comments I ’m bound to receive :
“ How is Lady Gaga mind controlling me ?
I ’m not feeling controlled to do anything ”
I am not saying that Gaga is controlling your mind .
I ’m saying her video is ABOUT mind control .
This disturbing theme keeps reoccurring in pop music .
What you should ask yourself is this : does mass media shape and mold our society ’s values and beliefs ?
Billions of dollars invested yearly in marketing say yes .
“ Your articles are a form of mind control . ”
Someone voicing an opinion on a website is not a form of mind control .
Quite to the contrary , it is a freedom guaranteed by the first amendment .
To compare this article to the ritual abuse mind control victims have to go through is a total aberration .
If you were forced to read out loud this article numerous times while being deprived of food and sleep , then maybe it could qualify as mind control .
“ She is doing it on purpose to piss you off ”
I heard this comment when Bad Romance came out and after her Grammy performance , where her hype man alluded to her “ mind - controlling music ” .
As much as I would like to believe that I ’ve got that much influence on today ’s biggest star , I highly doubt that Gaga , her staff , her video directors and her record label with its millions of dollars would concentrate all of their creative efforts to piss off one blogger .
The truth is :
She was doing this before this site was even online and she keeps doing it now .
Her works , like the works of many other pop stars , are part of a greater agenda .
It used to focus on exposing the youth to materialism and sexual promiscuity , but it has now expanded to occult symbolism , mind control , and transhumanism .
Am I reaching you or is your telephone busy ?
To begin the revolutionary learning experience at Mises Academy , take 2 – 3 minutes to create a free user account .
Your new user account will enable you to register for our online courses in Economics , Economic Theory , History , Political Philosophy and Philosophy .
​ It was inevitable : When the Baby Boomers hit middle age , they brought along their buds and bongs .
Americans over age 50 are using marijuana in record numbers , according to new survey data .
And those numbers are going to go even , well , “ higher , ” the government admits .
Marijuana use was more common than the “ non- medical ” use of prescription - type drugs both for adults 50 - 54 ( 6.1 vs. 3.4 percent ) and those aged 55 - 59 ( 4.1 vs. 3.2 percent ) .
This should n’t come as a great surprise ; after all , it stands to reason that folks this age , with a wealth of life experiences on which to base decisions , would make safer choices .
“ High rates of lifetime drug use among the baby boom generation ( persons born between 1946 and 1964 ) , combined with the large size of the cohort , suggest that the number of older adults using drugs will increase in the next two decades , ” the study says .
​ Marijuana use , in fact , was more common than non-medical use of prescription drugs among all males over 50 ( 4.2 percent vs. 2.3 percent ) .
Among females , the rates of marijuana use and non-medical use of prescription drugs were very similar ( 1.7 and 1.9 percent ) .
Why is the car giant Toyota not Toyoda ?
This 1950s Toyota was launched under the brand name Toyopet
By Kathryn Westcott
BBC News
Akio Toyoda is in Washington to deal with the crisis at car giant Toyota , the company set up by his grandfather more than 70 years ago .
But why did the company change its name from Toyoda to Toyota ?
The change is largely down to the fact that the word Toyota is associated with the lucky number eight , according to the company 's English - language website .
After learning this , we felt more explanation was needed .
The Toyota Motor Corporation has its origins in a company that manufactured automated looms for Japan 's weaving industry .
" Toyota originated from Toyoda Industries ( Kariya ) when they started its automotive division in 1933 , " explains Dr Seijiro Takeshita , director of investment banking firm Mizuho International , London .
" Toyoda ( in English ) and its kanji version were used in the beginning , but as the company started exporting heavily into the US , it wanted an emblem that would work in Japanese and English .
" In 1936 , the company held a competition for a new name .
Toyota was a popular choice among many .
" According to the company , it received some 27,000 entries .
It says the winning design led to a change in the name of the automobiles and plants from " Toyoda " to " Toyota . "
The name was chosen " because the number of strokes to write Toyota in Japanese ( eight ) was thought to bring luck and prosperity , " it goes on .
Lucky eight
The modern Japanese writing system uses three main scripts : kanji , which is made up of ideographs from Chinese characters
hiragana , used for native Japanese words , and is phonetic
katakana , which is mostly used for foreign words A Romanised script is also sometimes used .
The presentation of kanji is highly symbolic , and an art form in itself .
The name Toyoda is represented by two ideographs - the first " toyo " means " abundant " , while da means " rice field " .
The kanji for " da " can also be read as " ta " .
Translate Toyoda into katakana and the result contains 10 " brush strokes " .
But change it to Toyota , and the result in both katakana and hiragana is eight strokes ( see picture ) .
Akio Toyoda was facing tough questioning at the US Congress " Eight is a lucky number in Japanese because when you write it in Chinese characters , the shape of the character is wider towards the bottom , " explains Mika Kizu , a lecturer in Japanese at London 's School of Oriental and African Studies ( SOAS ) .
" So people think that it indicates a thing or person is gradually prospering . "
The " lucky eight " theory is certainly an interesting one , says Dr Christopher Hood , of Cardiff University 's Japanese Studies Centre .
He says that it is more usual in Japan to see the company 's name written in the katakana script - unlike , say , Nissan , which is more often written in kanji .
He also points out another " eight " link with the company .
The company has strong ties with the Japanese Association football club Nogoya Grampus Eight football , which is based in Nagoya - about an hour from Toyota 's headquarters in Toyota City - and plays home games at the Toyota Stadium .
The " eight " part of the team 's name comes the maru - hachi ( circle eight ) , which is the city 's official symbol .
Doubts
While the company 's version of the symbolism certainly sounds good , Soas 's Dr Kizu doubts that this would have been the deciding factor in changing Toyoda to Toyota .
" I personally doubt that the founder of Toyota or his successor chose " Toyota " rather than " Toyoda " because of the number of strokes .
The Japanese normally care about the number of strokes for the Chinese characters [ kanji ] but not for hiragana , " she told the BBC News website .
In recent months , Toyota has recalled more than 8.5 m vehicles A number of Japan experts told the BBC news website that the number eight is culturally not that significant in Japan .
It is more of a Chinese phenomenon ( hence the start date and time for the 2008 Beijing Olympics , on 8 August , at at 8.08 ) , they said .
And Dr Hood said the BBC
News website 's phone call to him had prompted him to do " some more digging on the Japanese websites and the eight theory does n't seem to get a mention " .
" Japanese sites mention more the internationalisation of the company , " he says .
" It was originally called Toyoda , it seems , but later changed to Toyota ( although it was felt that some in America continued to call it Toyoda for some time ) .
" Timing wise this happened around the same time that the town of Koromo , where the company was based , changed to be Toyota .
"
In 1959 , the city of Koromo , in the Aichi Prefecture , was renamed Toyota City , after the company that aided its growth in terms of job creation .
Koromo , which was a major producer of silk , had already been associated with the Toyoda family via the company 's Toyoda Automatic Loom Works .
" More appealing " Another explanation for the name change could be that Toyota simply sounds better .
" The sound of the word " Toyota " was also deemed more appealing , " says the firm 's English - language website .
Dr Kizu concurs : " While there are many " voiced sounds " [ such as da ] in Japanese , they are less preferable to voiceless sounds . "
The car giant is not the only Japanese firm to have tweaked its name in this way .
The company Bridgestone , for example , was founded by one Mr Ishi ( Stone ) bashi ( Bridge ) .
But that is a whole different story .
Additional reporting by Lucy Rodgers .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Watch beetle guru Anthony Cognato trying to deal with Fox News ignoramus Tucker Carlson :
It is n’t news that Fox News is n’t , um , news .
Nor is it news that Fox ca n’t grasp the benefits of public investment in knowledge creation - perhaps because actual knowledge is anathema to their business model .
But I digress .
I ’m going to complain instead that Cognato missed out ( or was edited out ) on a major talking point to counter Fox ’s bluster .
Fox pretends Cognato just sidled up to suckle at the stimulus teat while the getting was good .
A university welfare queen , or something .
But that ’s simply not true .
None of the NSF proposals funded under the stimulus were submitted as stimulus projects .
Carlson showing up and acting like a royal asshole in these institutions misses the point .
The scientists followed regular NSF channels , and to act as though the scientists themselves are slyly ripping off the taxpayers is , well , just being an asshole .
Cognato did a solid job in justifying the existence of Michigan ’s entomology collections .
But .
Some preparation to nail down concise talking points would have better helped counter Carlson ’s direct challenges .
Scientists are n’t trained to speak in talking points , and when direct challenges are answered with a more conversational tone the segment is easy for the post - editing team to manipulate to their narrative .
In particular :
Michigan ’s sole positive economic sector is Agriculture .
The insect collections comprise the primary information base about a large threat to productivity of said economic sector .
$ 200,000 is chump change - it ’s way less than Sean Hannity ’s salary - and a small price to pay for maintaining the integrity of the collections .
Interestingly ,
Fox never let the facts that the grant was being used to salary several people and to order equipment from American scientific supply companies ( who also employ people ) get in the way of their narrative .
The segment undercut their story , yet they pressed ahead anyway .
I was playing Borderlands yesterday , and an enemy dived behind some cover .
Naturally , I pull out a missile launcher and squeeze off a rocket .
As the smoke clears , something strange happens .
The cover is still there , untouched by the explosive death I spat at it .
It stands , defiant and unmarked .
This is what Battlefield : Bad Company 2 does to you .
It ruins everything else .
If you look back at pretty much any FPS in recent memory , and make a quick check of all the weapons that should have blown big chunks of masonry around , and did n’t , it ’s a pretty long list .
It ’s enough of a list to make me feel a little reluctant to go to a world pre-Frostbite .
It ’s enough of a thing that it ’s going to mess with people ’s preconceptions of future games .
Hell , it ’s done enough to mess with my memories of past games .
The Battlefield games have always done war pretty well .
Bad Company 2 exudes war brilliantly .
There ’s so much attention paid to creating the feel of combat here that everything else pales in comparison .
Sure , ArmA 2 might get the fidelity and pace of war perfectly , but it ’s not catering to the Hollywood ideal of deafening explosions , blinding dust and the pure frenetic adrenaline of being inches from death constantly .
The Modern Warfare games managed to do a pretty good job of creating the illusion of that feeling , with all it ’s particle effects and the constant attack from all sides , but it was a thin veneer ; you take a closer look at it and the whole thing starts to fall apart .
Bad Company 2 nails everything about it .
You dive behind cover , and a grenade turns it into so much detritus and dust .
So you run for a building , only to hear the gargantuan moan of it as it finally gives up and comes crashing down , the ceiling and floor creating a sandwich with you as the gooey centre .
Bad Company 2 creates the idea of war , the cinematic caricature , just as we want it to be .
Other things support this : the sound work , for example , is masterful , and it sells the experience .
There ’s a moment in the first level where you walk into a submarine bay , and the submachine gun you ’d been toting for the earlier parts , which had been vindictively spitting out bullets suddenly becomes a roaring monster of a weapon , each round sounding as if it ’s fired from a medieval cannon .
The acoustics , you see , they actually have an effect .
Hellicopters are deafening .
The crack of a tank cannon is enough to pop the eardrums of anyone standing nearby .
And that high - pitched ear - ringing aftershock of a grenade that just went off nearby is something you ’ll have to become very , very used to .
It ’s not that the game is full of people lobbing grenades ; it ’s more that it ’s full of enough people , lobbing enough grenades to have at least a few land near you each game .
And the dust , oh the dust .
There ’s dust in Bad Company 2 .
Enough that the one desert map makes seeing anything beyond about ten or twenty feet nearly impossible if anyone or anything has walked past in the last few hours .
A grenade goes off and throws up a cloud of dust .
A missile hits a building , and the whole place is choked with it .
When mortar strikes , well …
Not that you really care about seeing when a dozen high impact , high explosive shells are detonating around you .
When I last wrote about Bad Company 2 I focused enough on the destructibility offered by the Frostbite engine .
The big difference now that the game has been released is that there are considerably more maps , and there are enough of them that offer far more populated residential areas that the destruction is that much more impressive .
Atica Harbour , a map that moves from motorpool to town , to bridge , to industrial district , is perhaps the best example .
As soon as you reach the town and the tanks go to , erm , town , the whole place becomes a meat grinder , with each of the classes abilities strained so far that you can only just survive , let alone kill anything .
When I think about how BC2 engenders team play the closest rival that comes to mind is Team Fortress 2 .
There ’s a structure and level of thought that places each of the four classes in a specific role that really works .
The Assault class has the assault rifles , and is thus a good all rounder for helping whereever .
And with his ammo box , he needs to be near everyone else to keep them stocked up .
The medic has a light machine gun , meaning he stands a little further back , able to rush forward and revive anyone who drops , and spew out medkits to keep those around him alive .
The Engineer has submachine guns , missile launchers and the repair tool , so obviously he acts in the dual roles of supporting vehicles and taking out the opposition armour .
And finally the Recon has the sniper rifle .
So people climb up hills and buildings and take potshots at other people .
People who ca n’t see them .
People who sigh when they get shot , and wait to respawn .
Oh , and sometimes they drop mortar strikes on you , as if that was n’t enough .
So basically , when they called it ‘ Recon ’ , they basically meant ‘ Dick ’ .
It ’s okay though , because they ’re rarely at the top of the leaderboard .
Where Team Fortress 2 made you play your class by making it only natural given the tools you have , BC2 does it through scoring / xp .
Engineers get points by repairing their vehicles and taking out the enemy equivalent .
Medics can wrack up insane numbers of points by resuscitating and healing , and the assault can do rather nicely by restocking their mates with ammo .
Even the Recon gets an equivalent enabling tool , in the motion tracking mine , which marks enemy troop positions for your friends to take advantage on .
The problem being that if you ’re a sniper up a hill , you ’re not close enough to throw one anywhere it would be any use .
So basically , the person at the top of the scoreboard is the person who ’s played their class the most effectively .
They ’re the guys who healed the most teammates , or blew up the most enemy tanks , or kept the front line supplied with ammo .
Basically , they ’re not the people who are best with their guns , but the people best at helping their friends .
And that ’s an important dynamic .
This is still Battlefield .
Just because it ’s got a different subtitle does n’t mean anything ’s significantly changed .
A lot of the flab of the previous game has been removed , with the bloated six class system replaced with something far more streamlined and versatile .
This is still the game that ’s going to provide you with the best war stories this year .
It ’s still a game that allows you to electrocute someone to death with defibrillators .
Or maybe drill them to death with power tools .
It ’s a game that allows you to place tracer darts on infantrymen and then track a missile onto them .
It ’s a game that allows the gunner of a Black Hawk get hit by a tracer dart , realise what ’s happened , then bail out and save millions of pounds of equipment by sacrificing himself .
And that ’s the kind of game I want to play .
As the economy recovers , banks may start lending out some of their hoards of reserves .
That could lead to faster growth in broader money - supply measures and , eventually , to substantial inflation .
But the Fed has the tools it needs to prevent that outcome .
For one , it can sell the large portfolio of mortgage - backed securities and other assets it has accumulated over the last couple of years .
When the private purchasers of those assets paid up , they would drain reserves from the banking system .
And as a result of legislative changes in October 2008 , the Fed has a new tool : it can pay interest on reserves .
With short - term interest rates currently near zero , this tool has been largely irrelevant .
But as the economy recovers and interest rates rise , the Fed can increase the interest rate it pays banks to hold reserves as well .
Higher interest on reserves would discourage bank lending and prevent the huge expansion in the monetary base from becoming inflationary .
But will Mr. Bernanke and his colleagues make enough use of these instruments when needed ?
Most likely they will , but there are still several reasons for doubt .
First , a little bit of inflation might not be so bad .
Mr. Bernanke and company could decide that letting prices rise and thereby reducing the real cost of borrowing might help stimulate a moribund economy .
The trick is getting enough inflation to help the economy recover without losing control of the process .
Fine - tuning is hard to do .
Second , the Fed could easily overestimate the economy ’s potential growth .
In light of the large fiscal imbalance over which Mr. Obama is presiding , it ’s a good bet he will end up raising taxes for most Americans in coming years .
Higher tax rates mean reduced work incentives and lower potential output .
If the Fed fails to account for this change , it could try to promote more growth than the economy can sustain , causing inflation to rise .
What 's Your Favorite Planet ?
Listen in as 11 planetary scientists make pitches for the " best " planet , then vote yourself .
Notes From The Pluto Files
Hear Neil describe what it was like to meet Clyde Tombaugh 's family and other people passionate about Pluto .
ASCII Artwork : The ASCIIPR0N Collection
A group of creative individuals at a site called www.asciipr0n.com have collected an excellent cross-section of different types of ASCII Art , ranging from pornographic to pop cultural .
While some of them seem very recent , others appear to have been rescued from long - forgotten collections elsewhere on the Internet .
The descriptions you see below were written by them , as I believe they have a greater knowledge of the origins .
There is a good chance some people reading this page have never heard the term " pr0n " .
As far as I can discern , it is a play off of the mistyping of the shorthand word for pornography , " porn " , with a transposed set of letters inside , " pron " .
This , ostensibly , is because the writer is some sort of spastic loser who can't spell correctly .
The 0 for the o in " pron " cements this reputation .
The ASCIIPR0N site not only contains this entire collection ( as well as other excellent ASCII creations outside the scope of textfiles.com ) , but is filled with other creative works in video and music , many haunting and some sublime .
It has my highest recommendation .
BERLIN ( Hollywood Reporter ) - Penelope Cruz is in negotiations to join Johnny Depp and sail the seven seas in “ Pirates of the Caribbean : On Stranger Tides , ” the fourth installment of the movie series .
Depp is reprising his popular role of Captain Jack Sparrow in “ Tides , ” which is being directed by Rob Marshall ( “ Nine ” ) .
Most plot details are buried deeper than Blackbeard ’s treasure , but it is known that the tale revolves around the Fountain of Youth .
Cruz ’s character details are also being kept secret , though she is to be Sparrow ’s foil and equal in many ways .
Terry Rossio and Ted Elliot wrote the script .
Jerry Bruckheimer is producing .
The role reunites Marshall and Cruz , who received an Oscar nomination as best supporting actress for “ Nine . ”
She won the Oscar in that category for 2008 ’s “ Vicky Cristina Barcelona . ”
“ Pirates ” will set sail before cameras in Hawaii this summer .
Disney plans a May 20 , 2011 , release .
by Neil Clarkson
The horse 's jaw .
The upper teeth appear to be in good condition .
Here , Breck Parkman has assembled all the horse bones he could find including the skull .
The saddle is seen in the foreground , in a relocated position .
A. Distal end of the lead rope ( this is the end that would be tied to a hitching post ) ; B. Lead rope threaded beneath right fender ; C. Knotted rope ( the rope was probably tied around the saddle horn ) ; D. Proximal end of the lead rope with bull snap hook ( this is the end that would have been hooked to a halter if the lead rope had been engaged ) .
This appears to suggest that the lead rope was stored away on the saddle when the accident occurred .
If this is true , then it seems obvious that the horse had n't been tied up , freed itself , and ran off without a rider , Parkman says .
A fully tacked - up horse , the remains of which were found in a California state park , may have died more recently than originally thought .
Dr Deb Bennett , an authority on the classification , evolution , anatomy , and biomechanics of fossil and living horses , has inspected the mysterious remains of the so - called Horse with No Name .
Dr Bennett , who founded the Equine Studies Institute , provided Horsetalk with some of her observations before she prepared a written report on the remains .
The skeleton and tack , found in late November by a mushroom hunter in Samuel P. Taylor State Park , on California 's north coast , drew the interest of Breck Parkman , the state parks senior archaeologist .
He hopes to identify the remains and how they came to be there .
The story has attracted international interest .
Parkman gathered what bones he could find from the site - a heavily wooded steep slope about 80 metres beneath a highway , and took them to Dr Bennett in the hope she could cast more light on the remains .
She said the remains were those of a male .
It was eight or nine years old at the time of death , based on the condition of its teeth .
The animal stood under 15 hands .
It was not an Arabian horse , she said .
It had a plain head and was of the commonest sort of breeding .
" It could have been a graded quarter horse or a quarter horse with a little bit of thoroughbred .
But it could also have been an appy , or a small thoroughbred . "
She said the horse had been injected in the hocks , indicating it may have been used for roping at some time .
Injecting hocks was a common activity in that part of California , she said .
Dr Bennett said the whole skeleton had not been recovered , which limited the extent of her findings .
Bone experts , she noted , always complained that they wanted more bones and she had encouraged Parkman to return to the site in the hunt for more of the skeleton .
" Unfortunately , I have only one set of leg bones .
I would love to have another three legs . "
She also had only one neck bone .
Predators had chewed at the remains and it was possible some of the bones had rolled well down the steep hillside .
She said there was no evidence on the bones she had studied that the animal had been tangled in wire or shot .
It was possible that the horse had ultimately starved to death , as the introduced golden wild oats that were common in the area had virtually no nutritional value .
" There is nothing for a horse to eat in Samuel P. Taylor Park , " she said .
" I can't specify a case of death .
But , however it occurred ... the poor horse .
" He managed to be loose up there .
If he starved to death , it would have taken a couple of weeks .
How come nobody saw him ? "
Why , she asked , did it appear that local authorities were not notified ?
Horses , she noted , would not have tried to hide , as a deer would .
However , it is her findings over the age of the bones that open up more options for their origins .
Parkman was of the view that the remains and gear could have gone back as far as the 70s .
However , Dr Bennett said the bones , in her view , were more likely 10 years old , and may even be only five years old .
" The major feature of the bones is how much they have been chewed .
Coyotes had a pretty good go , and local rodents for their calcium supply .
" I am sure they are missing him .
He had a lot of gnaw marks from mice . "
She said the local climate , which included a reasonably high rainfall , and the significant moss and root growth affecting the skeleton , meant it may well have disappeared altogether in a year or so had it not been found .
Dr Bennett 's findings as to age add intrigue over the tack , which would have been very old at the time of the animal 's death .
A saddler expressed the view that the saddle was an old Simco .
It was a child 's size and the stirrups were set at a child 's height .
Dr Bennett said the bit was in very poor condition .
One branch of the bit was bent outward , which is something that could not have occurred with the horse wearing it .
It was shaped like a weymouth with square branches and average shank length .
The horse had also been wearing an old bashed - up bridle and the evidence suggested the halter had been cut with a knife .
The horse was wearing size zero to zero and a half shoes - too small for the size of the horse .
It should have been in size two shoes , she said , although fitting undersized shoes was a not uncommon problem in shoeing .
Dr Bennett will provide Parkman with a written report of her findings .
They will discuss their findings , based on their respective areas of expertise , in the hopes they can come to some conclusions or scenarios as to how the horse came to be in the park with its full tack .
There are two other aspects to the find that add intrigue : there was no sign of a saddle blanket and the halter appeared to have been put on incorrectly .
Back in 2008 , an employee of Blackwater ( d.b.a. Paravant ) signed for hundreds of automatic weapons , under the name “ Eric Cartman . ”
According to a Senate investigation , the rifles were unaccounted for for months afterward .
Now it looks like the next episode of South Park will be taking a crack at this .
Inspired , no doubt , by coverage of the now - infamous Blackwater / Xe / Paravant hearings .
Update : Credit where it ’s due .
Our friend Spencer Ackerman , it turns out , was the one who actually raised his hand to ask Sen.
Carl Levin , chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee , if Blackwater indeed used the South Park character ’s name to sign for the guns .
“ Levin , bless him , appeared to be unfamiliar with ‘ South Park , ’ a sign that the universe works as it is supposed to , ” he writes .
Spencer , hope you kept a straight face for that question .
See Also :
About 5,000 cycles of fertility treatment used donor sperm in 2006 Sports players and fans are being targeted in a campaign to get more sperm donors to help couples struggling to conceive .
The National Gamete Donation
Trust wants to increase the number of new donors in the UK to about 500 , from its latest figure of 384 .
Leaflets and posters are being sent to 30 sports clubs and venues in the pilot area of Greater Manchester .
The posters pose the question " Sperm donation - have you got the balls ? "
One in six couples in the UK struggles to conceive and some areas have waiting lists for those who need donor sperm .
In the UK there are hundreds of couples who need a sperm donor to help them conceive the child they long for so much , either because of infertility or genetic disease
Laura Witjens , from the National Gamete Donation Trust
It is hoped that the sports theme of the posters will encourage more men to come forward .
One says : " Strong swimmers wanted " and another encourages volunteers with " Whatever your shape and size , couples need your help " .
The number of new sperm donors dipped in the UK in 2004 to 224 .
The law changed in 2005 , meaning egg and sperm donors did not have the right to anonymity .
But since then the number of new donors has increased with 384 registering in 2008 .
The children of donors can trace their biological parents when they reach 18 .
Donors are not paid , but can claim expenses .
Laura Witjens , chairwoman of the National Gamete Donation Trust , said : " In the UK there are hundreds of couples who need a sperm donor to help them conceive the child they long for so much , either because of infertility or genetic disease .
" These couples rely on men stepping forward as sperm donors . "
In the latest figures from 2006 , there were 5,000 cycles of fertility treatment in the UK which used donor sperm .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Google logo is seen on the top of its China headquarters building behind a road surveillance camera in Beijing January 26 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Jason Lee
SHANGHAI ( Reuters ) - Talks with China over censorship have reached an apparent impasse and Google , the world ’s largest search engine , is now “ 99.9 percent ” certain to shut its Chinese search engine , the Financial Times said on Saturday .
It said in a report on its website Google had drawn up detailed plans for closing its Chinese search engine .
The newspaper cited a person familiar with the company ’s thinking as saying that , while a decision could be made very soon , Google was likely to take some time to follow through with its plans .
That would be in order to bring about an orderly closure as the company takes steps to protect local employees from retaliation by authorities , it said .
China warned Google on Friday against flouting the country ’s laws , as expectations grow for a resolution to a public battle over censorship and cyber -security .
Google shocked business and political circles in January when it threatened to pull out of China if it could not offer an unfiltered Chinese search engine .
The threat came after cyber attacks originating from China on it and about 30 other firms .
“ If you do n’t respect Chinese laws , you are unfriendly and irresponsible , and the consequences will be on you , ” China ’s Minister of Industry and Information Technology , Li Yizhong , told reporters on Friday in answer to a question on what China would do if Google .cn simply stopped filtering search results .
That came after the chief executive of Google , Eric Schmidt , said on Wednesday he hoped to announce soon a result to talks with Chinese authorities on offering an uncensored search engine in China .
The Ministry of Industry and Information Technology shares oversight of the Chinese Internet with a number of other bodies .
Still more bureaucracies are involved in matters of foreign investment , complicating the Chinese government ’s response to Google ’s challenge .
Designing Hardware
Dave and I both did the NAND - to - Tetris course a while back .
Actually , I believe Dave did the whole course , but I stopped around the “ compiler ” assignment because it was too close to what I was doing at work at the time to be entertaining .
The course was geared towards very beginner CS students which is great .
It gives a nice vertical slice of all the bits and pieces that go into getting your average piece of code to run , and did it all in a way that was simple to follow along with .
The assignments and test cases given were excellent in the way they walked you down the garden path very clearly , but you still felt like you were “ figuring it out ” yourself .
I work firmly in the realm of software , but that course was enough to catch a bit of the hardware bug and have me wanting to venture below machine code .
I found a few nifty / slightly crazy attempts to recreate pre-Z80 - era micros ( like Magic - 1 and Mark 1 FORTH ) .
Those two are particularly crazy in that they do n’t use any microprocessor .
The largest IC they use is a 4 - bit adder , and everything is built up from TTL 74xx series chips ( basically just and / or / flip - flops / etc . ) .
I was all amped up to try to build something similar , but looking at some wire wrap pictures and then watching Bill Buzbee ’s bring - up attempts of his CPU pretty much scared me off of that idea .
They look extremely cool , and I ’m duly impressed , but that ’s a whole lot of tedium I ’m not quite prepared for yet .
So , I started looking into FPGAs .
Doing a CPU on FPGA is n’t nearly as cool as having your own wirewrapped CPU .
Mostly because it ’ll just look like some generic standard board , so when the victorious moment arrives when it finally prints “ Hello , World ” or the answer to fib ( 7 ) over a serial cable , onlookers may not be as impressed as they ought to be .
However , it does turn hardware into a ( relatively ) non-tedious / not - too - expensive project , so I think I ’ll go that way .
My other excuses are that I do n’t have a serial port on my computer , and TTL chips are hard to find nowadays .
This FPGA beginner dev board has a bunch of nifty connectors , and is n’t too expensive .
They have others that are cheaper too , with less connectivity .
Next time , my take on trying to come up with an interesting processor that is n’t just a generic RISC clone .
NEW YORK -- Former world heavyweight champ Mike Tyson will take flight on Animal Planet with a new sport -- pigeon racing .
The network this week announced a new reality show that will pit Tyson , a novice pigeon racer , against serious competitors .
The show is currently titled " Taking on Tyson " and promises to bring audiences inside this " intensely competitive and bizarrely fascinating world . "
Tyson has raised pigeons all his life but will take to the rooftops as a racing rookie .
The network says he 'll be assisted by a colorful team of pigeon experts as he rears , trains and races them .
The show is scheduled to be taped this spring in New York City and air early next year .
( CNN ) -- Everyone has their favorite Girl Scout cookie : the popular Thin Mints , the coconuty caramel delight of the Samoas , the simple yet lovable Shortbreads .
But for those who are eagerly running to their pantry to open a box of Lemon Chalet Cremes , a foul odor may dampen their cookie - eating experience .
Little Brownie Bakers of Louisville , Kentucky , one of two bakeries in the United States that make Girl Scout cookies , posted a statement on its Web site Friday saying it had received several complaints from customers who encountered a foul smell and taste in boxes of Lemon Chalet Cremes .
The bakery says it tested the cookies and determined that they are safe for consumers to eat .
No sickness from the cookies has been reported .
The company says that the odor is a result of oils improperly breaking down in the cookies that " are not up to our quality standards . "
The Lemon Chalet Cremes were distributed in 24 states -- Alabama , California , Colorado , Delaware , Florida , Georgia , Indiana , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maryland , Michigan , Minnesota , North Carolina , New Jersey , New Mexico , New York , Ohio , Oklahoma , Oregon , Pennsylvania , South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas and Wisconsin -- and the District of Columbia .
The number of potentially stinky boxes totals 636,000 , according to a spokesperson for Little Brownie Bakers .
The company is contacting each Girl Scout council that received a batch of the smelly cookies and says it will provide replacements .
The National Girl Scout offices were closed Friday because of the snowstorm in the Northeast .
A recording on its 800 number redirected callers to Little Brownie Bakers for assistance .
TEMPE , Arizona — Based on our capacity for thought , social learning and cooperation , humans often hold our own species in high regard compared to all other living things .
It is certainly true that the human species is a statistical outlier along several dimensions , so scientists have recently been working out a sequence of the anatomical and behavioral adaptations that were necessary across evolutionary time for our ancestors to become fully human .
Emboldened by such developments , 25 experts from a range of disciplines gathered February 19 - 22 at a workshop , " Origins of Human Uniqueness and Behavioral Modernity , " organized by Arizona State University ’s Origins Project to identify the suite of traits that could be used to mark the starting point of humankind .
Participating scientists included paleontologists , anthropologists , archeologists , evolutionary ecologists and biologists , primatologists , developmental psychologists , geneticists and other specialists in cognition , cooperation , culture and social organization .
Theoretical physicist and cosmologist Lawrence Krauss , ASU professor and director of ASU 's Origins Project , kicked off the workshop by saying it would help lay the foundation for the story of humanity 's beginnings and open new avenues for future study .
" We are doing exactly what we had intended — bringing together the best minds from a wide variety of fields — to address a truly fundamental question about the nature of humanity , " Krauss said .
" What this ultimately means is that we want to understand what happened that led to ' us ' and gave us Shakespeare . "
The event 's co-organizers , paleoanthropologist Curtis Marean of ASU , who directs archeological digs in South Africa aimed at understanding human origins , and anthropologist Kim Hill of ASU , whose focus is the emergence of human uniqueness from the vantage point of nearly 30 years of fieldwork with hunter - gatherer societies , recounted that during the Pleistocene epoch ( between 1.8 million and 10,000 years ago ) in Africa , a species of hominins walked along an evolutionary trail to " become something more than just bipedal apes , " which led humans to persist , led hominins such as Neandertals not to persist , and gave humans the capability to eventually colonize the planet .
The question of how a seemingly feeble , naked ape could survive to become dominant is " one of those topics that always fascinate people , " Marean said .
He adds that a scientific consensus into " what comprises uniqueness " would also bolster research into human origins by helping to guide the development of identification markers — fossils and artifacts — that would help reveal human emergence in the paleoanthropological record .
The study of human uniqueness is fairly young and a cross - disciplinary approach is necessary , according to Hill .
Having recently published research on the topic in the October 2009 issue of Evolutionary Anthropology , Hill said , " We are just now tackling the problem [ of human uniqueness ] .
Most of the recent advances that I am aware of are covered in our review paper , but there are some areas that I know less well such as cognition and neuroscience . "
What is meant by human uniqueness is also a point of confusion among scientists .
Hill said that evolutionary scientists have historically been reluctant to pronounce humans as distinct .
" What we mean by ' unique ' is that humans show a combination of characteristics " that make humans a " statistical outlier in the living world " rather than unique " through processes that are unique to our species , " he said .
Whatever makes humans special , Hill added , it has led us to become biologically dominant — cycling the majority of all the nitrogen on the planet , technologically dominant and extremely complex .
Confronting the jigsaw puzzle of human uniqueness head on , as the organizers did , follows in the tradition of Charles Darwin , according to molecular biologist and geneticist Sean B. Carroll of the University of Wisconsin–Madison .
Carroll said that Darwin himself would approach the topic of the workshop by saying , " What are the fresh facts ?
Let 's put them on the table . "
On Saturday and Sunday the fresh facts were indeed rolled out as each scientist gave a 20 - minute presentation on findings in their field relevant to the question of human uniqueness , followed by five minutes of questions and discussion .
On Monday morning Hill and Marean moderated a discussion of the sequence of events — including genetic , anatomical and behavioral adaptations — that led humans to where we are today .
The researchers plan to post the results to a Web site , but for now it will remain private , so the rest of us will have to wait a bit longer for a resolution to the question of what makes humans unique .
However , more details from the conference will be reported at ScientificAmerican.com in the coming days , so stay tuned .
It 's no secret that finding love is n't easy , but at least we 're not alone in the hunt .
There 's a wealth of self - improvement guides out there to help us , from The Rules to He 's Just Not That Into You .
But just how much assistance do these books really provide ?
Not much , according to Andrew Trees , acclaimed author and journalist .
After listening to sisters and friends wax lyrical about one dating manual after another , Trees tried to delve deeper into what made them so popular , but came up empty as it soon became apparent that most could be summed up by a zippy catchphrase and few contained any research or evidence .
Want -ing to find out more about the science of attraction , Trees did his research and set about writing Decoding Love , the anti-dating - advice book .
Drawing on a variety of studies from different arenas including economics , game theory and evolutionary psychology , Trees uses scientific enquiry to create a more substantial insight into love .
Forget about finding The One
Trees warns that extravagant expectations are counterproductive .
" Western romantic myths of the perfect someone actually cause a lot of harm in dating and relationships ... it turns out that our idea that you have to find The One is not very healthy . "
Consistent with the underlying message of his book , we must be willing to step out of the boundaries of our existing notions about dating .
The sad fact is that a lot of us nurture inflated notions about our " market value " and this interferes with what we expect in a partner .
Like it or not ,
Tree found a number of studies that indicated factors such as height and income dictate a man 's value while physical beauty is important in determining a woman's , and that there are trade - offs of these qualities that take place in relationships .
Using the findings from a study , " From Pride and Prejudice to Persuasion : Satisficing in mate search " , by evolutionary psychologists Peter F Todd and Geoffrey F Miller , Trees illustrates if we are willing to accept a partner that is simply good enough rather than faultless , we should adopt the " try a dozen " rule .
After you 've dated 12 potential partners , the next person that is better than those 12 will be a good fit .
Unfortunately , this is likely to average out as the 33rd person you date – yikes .
Do n't compare the market
We live in a world where choice and variety are easily accessible .
So much so , we do n't have to commit to anything without making a thorough assessment of everything available to us .
This should be making dating easier but instead it 's immobilising our ability to decide and " distorts what you 're looking for , " says Trees .
He offers an interesting analogy using a group of consumer researchers that set up a jam - tasting stand over two days in a supermarket .
Customers were encouraged to taste the jams available and if they liked them , were offered a discount voucher to buy them .
On one day , there were six jams and on another , there were 24 .
When there were six jams available , 30 per cent of samplers went on to buy whereas when there were 24 , only 3 per cent became sales .
Too much choice also results in buyer 's remorse .
Examining your choices so closely forces you to look at the trade - offs you 've made or leads you to believe you could be satisfied further .
Surveys show that those that stress the most over decisions are the most dissatisfied .
Trees advocates we spend time enjoying what we have rather than worrying about what we think we do n't .
Eggs are precious but sperm are cheap
In a culture of nifty dating one - liners , this probably would n't make the cut , but according to evolutionary psychology it 's the natural order of things .
This school of thought argues that because women ovulate once a month and are pregnant for nine months at a time , whereas men are able to ejaculate hundreds of millions of sperm several times a day , human mating behaviour has evolved with these biological considerations in mind .
Or to put it another way , in heterosexual relationships , men should do the chasing and women should do the choosing .
To illustrate his point that the power really lies in women 's hands , Trees cites Matt Ridley 's sex and evolution book The Red Queen .
He presents linked propositions : that monogamous society will prevail if women find monogamous relationships more advantageous – unless men can force them otherwise .
Alternatively , polygamous society will be the result if females prefer choosing men already attached ( eg , would you rather be the second wife of Johnny Depp or the first wife of , say , John Prescott ? ) – unless the women with a partner can persuade them otherwise ( do n't mess with my man , capice ? ) .
Turn biology to your advantage
Love is n't blind .
Trees says it is n't even subjective .
Trees highlights surveys that indicate we share common concepts about attraction .
We find the same things beautiful because we respond to attractive genetic indicators subconsciously .
Male square faces with a manly jaw require a lot of testosterone at puberty to develop , but as testosterone suppresses the immune system , a man who has these features and has survived vulnerability to disease is genetically attractive .
Similarly , a genetic fitness signal in women is a small waist - to - hip ratio .
But rather than feel resigned to our genetic inadequacies , Trees suggests that it is also possible to exploit these biological instincts .
In a study by Geoffrey Miller , a menstruating lap dancer 's tips averaged at $ 35 and a dancer that was neither menstruating or ovulating averaged at $ 50 , but an ovulating lap dancer could make double what her PMS colleague made at $ 70 .
In addition , studies have shown ovulating women dress more provocatively , wear more jewellery and speak more seductively .
There is something to be said for finding out your ovulation dates and making the most of it .
Alternatively ,
Trees also suggests that you surround yourself with more attractive people as studies show proximity to beauty increases your own .
Feel the fear – it's an aphrodisiac
Being in a dangerous or exciting situation with someone can heighten attraction because the conscious mind finds it difficult to differentiate between sexual arousal and any other type of arousal .
So , we can perceive fear as attraction .
An attractive female researcher conducted a study on a bridge of wood and cables that swayed over a 230 ft drop .
She stopped passing men and asked them questions about scenery before leaving them with her number and telling them to call her .
She conducted the same experiment on a safer bridge nearby and found that men from the " scary " bridge were eight times more likely to call .
The men instinctively associated the thrill they felt with the woman they encountered while feeling it .
Psychologists call this priming .
And it 's not just fear or even arousal that stimulates good associations .
If every time a potential date sees you it's in a warm place , they will associate you with warmth .
However , Trees warns , priming does n't create attraction ; it simply intensifies what is already present .
Only try and prime somebody who is actually attracted to you , otherwise you 'll end up priming their dislike .
Do n't overanalyse
Trees warns against what he calls " paralysis by analysis " .
In a return to jam - related experiments , participants asked to rate the quality of five brands of jam were divided into two groups .
One group simply had to pick their favourite , while the other had to qualify their choice .
The results of the group that did n't analyse mirrored choices made by professionals .
Similarly , in a study where two groups of students had to predict how long their relationships would last , the group asked to scrutinise their relationship before answering were later proved to be less accurate than the group that did n't .
For Trees , these findings called to mind a woman he interviewed who had a girly , Sex and the City - style lunch to discuss every guy she met , but all these sessions had done was encourage her to get increasingly particular over irrelevant things .
" Over - thinking hurts our ability to come to a good conclusion , " Trees says .
You can be happy alone
The joys of being in love aside , the lack of that special somebody is not a reason to despair , Trees reminds us .
Finding Mr or Ms Right will not solve all of our problems and it will not necessarily make us happy .
" People have a tendency to feel that ' If I can just meet that person ... ' and get really caught up with the idea that they can finally be happy . "
Trees stresses that happiness is not dependent on finding someone – or on any other life events .
He points to a study that compared the happiness of lottery winners , non-winners and paraplegics .
Initially , lottery winners were elated but in the long term were no happier than non-winners .
In fact , non-winners were reported to still get pleasure from simple things such as watching TV and conversations , while winners found it more difficult to do so .
Paraplegics started out despondent but again , in the long term , their happiness was reported to be fractionally less than everybody else's .
What was found was that everybody has a pretty constant line of happiness in their life and while both fortunate and distressing events have an impact , these deviations are temporary and soon became just part of your life .
The most important factor is having a rich and fulfilling life , with or without someone .
How to click :
Top techniques
* Send your introductory emails on a Monday ; sending them on the weekend tells others that you 've too much spare time .
* Bumping into the object of your desire promotes familiarity – essential in mutual attraction .
* Keep the first meeting short .
Women take just five seconds to decide if there is any chemistry and it's 10 seconds for men .
So keep a first meeting to just 45 minutes – this will allow you just enough time to test your first feelings .
* If you like someone , try mirroring – and not just movement ; it also occurs with speech patterns and tone of voice .
It promotes intimacy .
* Try " priming cues " ; this is really about getting someone 's heart racing and them associating this excitement to being attracted to you .
Even the most crude priming mechanisms work – for instance , handing someone a warm drink will make them see you as a warm person .
New PC Power Management Program Reduces Energy Use at Ford
Login to download images .
Simple step of " powering down " laptops and desktop PCs is useful to corporations and individuals .
Ford estimates it will save $ 1.2 million and reduce its carbon footprint by 16,000 - 25,000 metric tons annually .
Ford and ENERGY STAR offer tips for consumers to reduce their own household energy use
DEARBORN , Mich. , March 22 , 2010 – At Ford Motor Company , the commitment to energy efficiency and saving money now starts at the office computer .
Under a new program called PC Power Management , the power settings on Windows laptops and desktop computers are centrally controlled to reduce energy waste and optimize software updates .
A managed shutdown of computer systems not in use , especially overnight and on weekends , further reduces energy use .
At the same time , the system ensures all computers connected to the Ford Intranet are awake and able to receive software deliveries during off hours , decreasing downtime during working hours due to software loads .
The savings to the company on power cost alone is expected to top $ 1.2 million annually when the system is fully implemented .
By reducing PC power consumption , Ford also stands to reduce its carbon footprint by an estimated 16,000 to 25,000 metric tons annually .
"
In the past , as many as 60 percent of Ford 's PC users have n't shut their PCs off at the end of the business day , resulting in wasted energy , " said Keith Forte , Ford IT project supervisor .
" Going forward , we 'll be able to manage PC power consumption more efficiently while minimizing interruptions during the working day as a result of software updates .
" PC Power Management is being rolled out to Ford computer users across the U.S. this month .
It will be migrated to Ford operations around the world later in the year .
The cost savings and reduced carbon footprint are obtained by developing " Power Profiles " for each PC in the company .
With its power profile enabled , each PC monitors its usage patterns and determines when it can be turned off .
If the user is working late , he or she will be alerted of the approaching power down and given the opportunity to delay it .
In addition , the PC is able to detect when a Microsoft Office product is active and is able to save open documents before shutting down in case the user is not present .
Ford developed its PC Power Management system with NightWatchman™ software from 1E Inc. 1E research found that almost half of all employees who use computers at work typically do not power them down at the end of the working day .
In the U.S. alone , over $ 2.8 billion of PC power is being wasted every year , according to 1E .
Ford 's actions to reduce the amount of energy used in all of its facilities , from manufacturing to office buildings have earned it the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 's coveted 2010 ENERGY STAR Award for the fifth consecutive year .
In 2008 , Ford improved energy efficiency in the U.S. by 5 percent resulting in savings of approximately $ 16 million .
Since 2000 , Ford's U.S. facilities have improved energy efficiency by nearly 35 percent .
That 's equivalent to the annual energy consumed by more than 150,000 homes .
As part of the company 's commitment to ENERGY STAR , Ford urges its employees and customers to join the effort by reducing their personal energy use and cutting their CO2 footprints .
Home energy use accounts for about 25 percent of the average American 's carbon footprint .
Individuals can help reduce that by pledging their support of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency 's " Change the World , Start with ENERGY STAR " campaign .
http://www.energystar.gov/The ENERGY STAR
Pledge includes small , individual energy - saving actions that collectively can make a difference .
Among those recommendations from the EPA
On Friday , we reported the results of a long investigation into the origins of Facebook that revealed startling new information about the company 's early days .
Among other things , the investigation revealed that Facebook 's founder and CEO , Mark Zuckerberg , took private Facebook member login information and used it to break into the private email accounts of those members .
At best , this is a gross misuse of private information .
Facebook has not denied that this incident took place .
Facebook also has not denied that Mark later hacked into the servers of a competitor , ConnectU , and changed some user information .
Given the general unease about the use of privacy and personal information online -- and particularly at Facebook -- and given lingering concerns about Mark 's business ethics , Mark needs to address these incidents directly and forthrightly .
At the time of these abuses , Mark was a 19 - year old college sophomore .
If not an excuse , this is certainly a potentially mitigating factor -- assuming that , in the 6 years since , Mark has significantly changed his attitude toward privacy and strengthened his sense of business ethics .
A person close to Facebook argues that Mark has changed and that , in fact , it was the fallout from these and other early mistakes that have helped shaped the rigorous privacy policies Facebook has in effect today .
We hope so .
And based on the changes at Facebook over the past few years , as well as our interactions with Mark , we can believe it .
But it 's a critical issue , for Facebook , Facebook 's 400 million users , and Mark - - especially because 25 is not generally an age in which people can just dismiss " youthful indiscretions " with a wave of the hand .
So we need to hear directly from Mark .
Specifically , we need to hear Mark explain why , despite these early incidents , Facebook members can be certain that their private information is safe with the company , as well as how and why his own attitudes toward privacy and business ethics have changed in the past 6 years .
See Also :
Allrighty , here ’s Part II of the discontinued cereals article .
If you missed Part I , click here , my friends , otherwise , let ’s walk back down Aisle 7c ( Nostalgia ) and take a look at some more forgotten cereals from our childhood .
Burgen , flurgen , murgen … BORK BORK BORK !!
The cereal with the nonsense name .
Swedish Chef was one of the more popular Muppets , so it ’s not surprising he got his own cereal .
This was released in the late ’ 80s and the commercials for it were produced by Jim Henson , right before he died .
Here is one of the commercials .
What if you want a breakfast food that looks like other food ?
I mean , why eat donuts for breakfast when you can have cereal … shaped like donuts ?
Or waffles ?
Or ice cream ?
These cereals remind me of that Jim Belushi skit on SNL where he ’s an Olympic athlete that eats “ Little Chocolate Donuts ” for breakfast .
See that skit here .
Here are cereals based on donuts , including a Dunkin Donuts branded cereal .
I actually remember each of these .
Waffles and Ice Cream ; two tastes that taste great together .
I actually created a Kool - Aid flavor based on Ice Cream Cones cereal .
Check it out here .
Below are the boxes for Maple and Blueberry Waffelos and Chocolate and Vanilla Ice Cream Cones cereals .
I remember Waffelos , but I do n’t think I ever tried it .
I did , however , used to eat Ice Cream Cones .
Cereals based on movies are a hit or miss endeavor .
Take a look at this collection , easily two of these cereals rock .
The others are based on ET and Gremlins .
I wonder if we ’ll see a Watchmen cereal ?
Here ’s the commercial for ET Cereal .
And here ’s Gremlins .
The C - 3POs commercial is appropriately awesome because it ’s based on the original trilogy .
The Star Wars Episode II cereal blew , like most of the prequel trilogy .
I believe they also made an Episode III , as well as several other forgettable Star Wars cereal variations , but none were as good as the original , C - 3POs .
Unlike the lame Star Wars knockoff cereals , this kick ass Batman cereal commercial rocks and uses images and music from the 1989 movie .
Gremlins cereal ?
Really ?
Anyone remember this cereal ?
The cereal itself was n’t very spectacular , it was the commercial that everyone remembers .
The answer to every question is “ Nut & Honey ” .
Here ’s that memorable commercial .
Sugar Smacks has a very famous mascot in Dig ’
Em the frog .
But before Kellogg ’s used Dig ‘ Em , they used pics of creepy ass clowns .
Try not to gaze into their dead , inhuman eyes or you ’ll start to feel your soul slowly slipping away .
You can almost hear the clowns whisper , “ Join me , little one .
Join meeeeeeeeeee ! ”
No worries , though , in exchange for your immortal soul you ’ll get model speedboats and submarines !
** shudder **
WTF is up with zombie clowns and kid ’s cereals ?
I would ’ve bricked my Underoos if I saw these boxes on the breakfast table .
Man , these things look ridonkulously sweet .
I love Corn Pops , but this might be a bit too sweet .
This box totally looks like late ’ 80s early ’90s , right ?
Wrong , made in 2001 .
Another flavor extension for an existing cereal : Candy Corn Pops .
Here are some weird ass cereal boxes that fit into no category except “ completely insane ” .
Grins & Smiles & Giggles & Laughs … WTF ?!
And the box looks like something from the ’70s .
The next one is Magic Puffs .
Yes , you heard me correctly … MAGIC .
PUFFS .
And there ’s a smiling disembodied hat flying across the box .
Could they put any more overt a marijuana reference on this box ?
Maybe call the cereal “ Pass the Dutchie ” and have a giant smoking joint on the front ?
How about Crazy Cow ?
Eat any mad cow burgers lately ?
Then we have Baron von Redberry and his arch nemesis Sir Grapefellow .
Other than the fact that their names kick all kinds of ass , they are based on World War I flying aces , which have no connection to cereal at all .
Very cool idea , though , as these guys were marketed as nemeses .
What can I say about Klondike Pete ’s Crunchy Nuggets that ca n’t be gleaned by looking at the box images and the name of the cereal ?
It might be the greatest name in the history of boxed cereal .
Why this is no longer made will remain a mystery to me .
I think that ’s it for today , kiddies .
Hope you enjoyed this little trip down Aisle 7 c .
We may be visiting it again , so stay tuned .
FYI …I ’m going to be gone next week .
I surprised the wife with a romantic vacation trip I planned for us to take .
It ’s her spring break next week , so I took the time off and we are going away for several days to just “ get away ” from it all .
I may put up a few short articles , or I may not .
Entirely up to what goes down .
We ’ll see .
Have a great weekend and an even better next week .
I know I will .
UPDATE ! – See Part III of this article here !
Share this post : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Email
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
It ’s time for this blog to come out of hibernation .
I will hopefully be mentoring some people this summer so I will write down here questions / things that I would like people applying to my ideas to answer in their applications .
Probably does n’t hurt people applying for other ideas either .
This is in addition to the general stuff in :
http://www.gentoo.org/proj/en/userrel/soc/applying.xml
Projects that I will mentor or at least be strongly involved with if they make it to our slots :
* libbash
* Gentoo Council web application
* Gentoo / Java IDE integration
* java - config cleanup and redesign
Questions and commentary :
* What is your opinion / experience on TDD ?
* What is your opinion / experience with agile development methods ?
Basically do n’t only tell us what you will deliver but also how you will do it .
You do n’t need to write on essay on software processes .
I will work with my students during the Community Bonding to come up with something that works best for both parties .
* What tools / libraries will you use ?
It ’s important that you justify your choices .
This shows that you are familiar with the tools related to the subject and have done some research .
For example in the council web application will you use rails / django , will you use rails 2.3 / 3 beta etc .
* How will you take long term maintenance into consideration ?
Our hope of course is that you will stay with Gentoo for the long term and continue to improve your code after GSoC but the reality is that even then you will eventually want to find new challenges .
Because of this in order for your project to be truly a success it needs to be something else than spaghetti code that only you can read .
* Your time zone ?
My time zone is EEST ( UTC+3 ) in the summer .
If your time zone is wildly different from mine then please say how you will take this into consideration .
This might for example mean committing having meetings very early or very late during the day .
I am not going to adjust my daily rhythm to match yours but will can make time during reasonable hours in my time zone .
Join the increasing number of students enrolling in online college courses and start earning credits towards your degree .
One in every four students now take at least one class online , and during the fall 2014 term , 5.8 million college students were taking some of their classes — if not all of them — through distance learning .
To keep up with increasing demand for online options , more and more schools are offering a variety of courses that can be completed remotely , allowing you more flexibility in learning .
Ready to enroll in an online college or explore distance learning opportunities tailored to your goals ?
You can also explore our featured online college courses and programs , offered by accredited colleges with a wide array of topics , specializations , and concentrations .
Find what you need to get started today .
Some vultures have feathers , but some have fancy offices and huge homes .
Greg Palast follows the trail of one " vulture fund " chief , from a locked office door in New York to mud - brick houses in Africa .
Greg Palast
Investigative reporter
How strange .
When I arrive at the offices of Eric Hermann at hedge fund FH International , just outside New York City , the company 's corporate sign is unbolted from the wall and the suite number removed from the door .
But wait ... I hear noises inside the office .
Huh ?
I knock on the locked door and out steps the office building 's security manager .
Reporter Greg Palast outside the office of New York vulture fund .
The name plaque has been removed and the staff locked inside .
" Guys , they do n't want to be interviewed .
They do n't want to be seen .
So we are going to have to ask you to leave the building . "
" And do you know why they took the sign off ? "
His reply to our cameras , " I have no clue . "
But we do .
Mr. Hermann is the principle owner of a so - called " vulture fund " which attempted to seize more than $ 20 million from the war - wounded nation of Liberia .
Mr. Hermann is known in the finance business as a debt " vulture . "
He and his associates buy up the debt of the poorest nations on the planet , usually for pennies on the dollar , then sue or use other means to squeeze the nations to pay ten times , even a hundred times , what the vulture fund paid for the debt .
Strong opposition
The effect of Hermann 's financial maneuvers earns few applause in Liberia .
In that African democracy , diplomat Winston Tubman tells us what he would say to vulture fund operators , " ' Do you know you are causing babies to die all over Liberia ? ' "
That 's strong language , but in Liberia , we see the effects of the threat of losing over $ 20 million from this desperately poor nation 's budget .
In the village of Demeh , I meet Howa Murvee .
During Liberia 's recent civil war , her grandfather was beaten to death in front of her .
Every home in the village was destroyed .
Now , with money from selling donuts at a rural bus stop , she has raised the $ 100 need for materials to rebuild her mud-and - thatch home .
Building mud-brick houses in Demeh , Liberia
The sums sought by Hermann and the vulture funds equals the cost of rebuilding a quarter million homes for displaced war refugees like Howa .
Back in New York , I located court documents which show that Hermann and associates sued Liberia for nearly $ 20 million for the debts which cost Hermann 's firms a fraction of that sum .
Hermann sued in February 2002 , Liberia 's capital had neither electricity nor water .
It was under siege from warlords and under UN sanctions and had no functioning government .
Not surprisingly , Liberia failed to appear in court and lost automatically .
The poor nation was ordered to pay Hermann and associates the millions he demanded .
Debt acquisition
Hans Humes , CEO of Greylock Capital , a major player in the foreign debt speculation business , was willing to speak to us about how the industry operates .
At his Park Avenue , New York , office , he explains how his own firm got hold of Liberia 's debt , dirt cheap during the civil war :
" I ended up buying a lot of the loans that we had in Liberia .
When I called one of the banks that was going through a merger 13,14 years ago , I said , ' Hey , by the way , you 're a lender to this African country . '
And the guy said , ' No I 'm not ; ' and a couple days later he said , ' You know what , you 're right .
We found this box in this warehouse that had files for all these loans .
Do you want to buy all of them ? ' "
Liberian war refugees in new classroom
But Humes is no " vulture . "
When peace and democracy came to Liberia , he accepted Liberia 's offer of 3 cents on the dollar for the debt the nation owed .
So did every other creditor -- except for Hermann and associates .
In the middle of the negotiations with Liberia , Hermann transferred a portion of his Liberia holdings to a hedge fund called " Hamsah . "
While Hermann 's firm would have received only $ 1 million under the 3 - cent deal accepted by Humes and others .
But this firm called " Hamsah " and associates ended up across the Atlantic , suing Liberia in a London court for $ 28 million .
Humes is infuriated by such manipulation .
Without naming Hermann nor Hamsah , he says , " All they 're trying to do is to exploit the system , hold the system hostage , to get some sort of excessive returns . "
Pleading for a break
Nor was the President of Liberia too pleased with this new legal attack by the vultures .
At her home in the capital , she has a message for the vulture funds .
President Ellen Johnson Sirleaf is Africa 's first elected female head of state .
She pleaded with the vulture fund , " Here 's a country having two decades of turmoil , death and destruction trying to find its way back trying to give its young people a future .
You should not be the one to become an obstacle .
Have a conscience and give this country a break . "
The British Parliament heard her .
The day after the broadcast of an earlier version of our report on Thursday , the UK Parliament voted to bar vulture funds , like Hamsah , from using the British courts .
President Sirleaf is thrilled by Britain 's swift action , but now turns to the USA to act on similar legislation before the US Congress .
" Bravo !
We 've been waiting for a parliament or an assembly to take this kind of hard decision to be able to bring these funds into reason .
Maybe the US Congress ... will pick up this gauntlet and will follow the example of Britain and move that -- because it 's just so unfair to poor countries . "
The names alone should cause anyone whose heart still beats to stop and look again .
Blotched woodwax .
Pashford pot beetle .
Scarce black arches .
Mallow skipper .
Marsh dagger .
Each is a locket in which hundreds of years of history and thousands of years of evolution have been packed .
Here nature and culture intersect .
All are species that have recently become extinct in England .
I cannot claim that I 've been materially damaged by their loss , any more than the razing of the Prado would deprive me of food or shelter .
But the global collapse of biodiversity hurts almost beyond endurance .
The sense that the world is greying , its wealth of colour and surprise and wonder fading , is so painful that I can scarcely bear to write about it .
Human welfare , as measured by gross domestic product , is doubtless enhanced by the processes that drive extinction .
Human welfare , as measured by the heart and the senses , is diminished .
We have no use for most of the world 's natural exuberance ; it can not be commodified or reproduced .
Biodiversity does not belong to us : that is why it is worth preserving .
In Doha today , governments are engaged in their annual festival of frustration : the endless arguments over the Convention on International Trade in Endangered Species .
They are struggling against what often looks like an inexorable assault by technology , economic growth and sheer bloody idiocy .
The latter is exemplified by the battle over the Atlantic bluefin tuna .
Many governments want to ban the trade in this species for several years , but Japan is resisting furiously .
Whether or not a ban is imposed , the effect on Japanese industry will be roughly the same , as the species is likely to become commercially extinct next year if fishing continues .
But the government would prefer one more year of raw exploitation rather than indefinite supplies in the future .
There is no reasoning with this madness .
But it 's the new report by Natural England that hit me hardest .
English plant and animal species are still disappearing at the rate of two a year .
All the goodwill , the billions of pounds and millions of hours poured into conservation work , the global treaties and concordats seem to be no match for the amplification of our presence on earth .
If we can't even get this right in England , where the two biggest membership organisations are both conservation groups , where does hope lie ?
There were several shocks in the report , but it was a different set of names that hammered into my mind .
Some of the most endangered species have very ordinary – even , if I might be so rude , common – names .
The common frog , common gull , common skate and common smoothhound are all in trouble .
The common eel is now listed as critically endangered everywhere .
I remember , years ago , sitting beside a chalk stream whose entire bed was a writhing black conveyor belt of eels moving upriver .
The eel was a universal , indestructible species .
It can live almost anywhere , even stagnant water in which no other fish can survive ; it can eat any old carrion , and travel overland between ponds on dewy nights .
Nobody valued them because they were everywhere .
Had someone told me , on the bank of that river , that within my lifetime they would be threatened with extinction , I would have laughed out loud .
If the common eel is now critically endangered , is any species safe ?
Beside the clanking rigours of commerce and technology , our concerns about biodiversity sometimes appear almost effete .
That there are payoffs here is undeniable .
The major cause of extinction in most countries is habitat loss .
Most of this is caused either by clearing land for farming or by intensifying farming methods , in both cases to increase production .
Even in the UK , where hundreds of millions have been spent on schemes to make farms hospitable to wildlife , Natural England blames changes in farm practices – cutting grasslands early , ploughing in winter stubble , the replacement of mixed farms with arable deserts – for many of the losses .
The rightwing thinktanks that demand a further intensification of farming argue , as they always do these days , that their real concern is not the welfare of the rich ( the businesses and bosses who pay them to develop these arguments ) but the welfare of the poor .
If we were to farm with wildlife rather than only profit in mind , the decline in productivity would raise the price of food , at an intolerable cost to the poor .
There is some truth in this , as far as it goes .
But I have never heard these people argue on the same grounds against unregulated urban sprawl , which every year takes millions of acres of good farmland permanently out of production .
Far from it : they demand the scrapping of planning rules .
Nor do I see them making the case for reducing the rich world 's consumption of meat , to release grain for feeding humans .
The immediate choice we have to make is not between biodiversity and feeding the world , but between biodiversity and blithering stupidity .
As a child I watched chalk downlands – where rare orchids and wild strawberries , adonis blues and marbled whites , whitethroats and hobbies , flint pits and burial mounds , had survived since the Neolithic – being wiped clean by ploughs , to produce grain that fed nothing but the subsidy mountains .
Now I watch the remaining scraps of our collective memory erased to grow biofuels that produce more greenhouse gases than the petroleum they replace .
This week 's issue of Fishing News tells us that around 2 m tonnes of the fish sold in Europe are used for feeding other fish or terrestrial livestock , and a further million tonnes of edible fish are dumped back into the sea , dead , as they are over - quota catches .
Much of this bycatch consists of species like the once common skate and once common smoothhound , which are now in danger of extinction .
Japanese fishing policy might be stark raving mad ; ours is scarcely saner .
So where does hope lie ?
I 'm often struck by the strength of national feeling when an artwork – even one that scarcely anyone has seen – is stolen or damaged or bought by a foreign collector .
Yet our animals and plants slip away unknown and unmourned .
This country 's wildlife groups are admirable in many ways , but they have somehow failed to ignite our interest in most of the species threatened with national extinction , many of which are small and unobtrusive .
It seems to me that one of the handicaps conservationists suffer is that few of these species have common names .
It is hard to persuade people to care about something they can't pronounce .
Nature is most valued when it intersects with culture .
I would love to see a body like Natural England launch a public competition to name the country 's nameless species : the micromoths and creeping mosses , the bashful beetles and unassuming mushrooms known only in Greek or Latin .
It need simply list their characteristics , habits and locations and let the public do the rest .
But it should set one condition : do n't call any of them common .
Stanford 's robotic Audi to brave Pikes Peak without a driver
The Center for Automotive Research at Stanford has developed a new contender for the Pikes Peak course : a robotic car that drives itself .
When the Pikes Peak race of Colorado Springs began in 1916 , drivers ascended the dusty switchbacks hoping their car would not overheat or fall apart before reaching the 14,000 - foot summit .
This September , a new kind of car faces the peak : one without a driver .
A team of researchers at the Center for Automotive Research at Stanford ( CARS ) has filled the trunk of an Audi TTS with computers and GPS receivers , transforming it into a vehicle that drives itself .
The car will attempt Pikes Peak without a driver at race speeds , something that 's never been done .
The Stanford Racing Team won its first autonomous race in 2005 with Stanley , a car developed for the Grand Challenge held in the Mojave Desert by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency ( DARPA ) .
Their second car , Junior , took second place in DARPA'S 2007 Urban Challenge .
The Audi that will attempt Pikes Peak is named Shelley after Michèle Mouton , the first female driver to win the uphill climb .
Unlike Stanley and Junior , who sense the road with radars and cameras , Shelley will follow a GPS trail from start to finish .
The trick will be to stay on the road at race speeds while sliding around the corners .
L.A. Cicero Shelley was named after Michele Mouton , the first woman to win the race up Pikes Peak .
Though not afraid of the engine overheating , Shelley 's team , like the racers of the early 1900s , hopes their autonomous car will make it around the turns and up the mountain in one piece .
" Our first goal is to go up Pikes Peak at speeds resembling race speeds , keep the car stable around the corners and have everything work the way we want it to , " said Chris Gerdes , program director of CARS and leader of the graduate research team .
" We 're not going to put it on the mountain until we can do it safely . "
Shelley has reached speeds of 130 miles per hour without a driver on testing grounds at the Bonneville Salt Flats in Utah .
At first glance , the car seems like a normal Audi , but a closer look reveals advanced computers , GPS antennae and a missing driver .
How the car drives herself
Shelley knows exactly where she is on the road by using a differential GPS .
Unlike a standard GPS system , hers corrects for interference in the atmosphere , showing the car 's position on the Earth with an accuracy of about 2 centimeters .
Shelley measures her speed and acceleration with wheel - speed sensors and an accelerometer , and gets her bearings from gyroscopes , which control equilibrium and direction .
" The computer puts all this information together and then compares it to a digital map to figure out how close the car is to the path that we want it to take up Pikes Peak , " Gerdes said .
Many control features already exist on the stock Audi .
For example , the computers in Shelley 's trunk will plug into the car 's existing electric steering system .
The car moves into action with stock automatic gear shifting and brakes with an active vacuum booster , a feature that normal cars use for emergency braking .
L. A. Cicero Graduate research team leader Chris Gerdes shows off the systems carried onboard the autonomous car , a modified Audi TTS .
The researchers have programmed Shelley to handle like a racecar by using a set of computer calculations called algorithms .
For example , as the car approaches a turn , it calculates a best guess on steering and acceleration .
Audi 's steering system normally responds to the steering wheel , but since there is no driver , it responds to algorithms that combine information such as the GPS path and inertial movement picked up from its sensors .
As the car approaches a corner , another set of calculations corrects the handling through the turn and prepares for what might happen next .
High - speed hill climb
Other autonomous cars have crossed the finish line of the Rocky Mountain road , but only at about 25 miles per hour .
The 12.4 - mile paved and gravel track has 156 turns and a climb of 4,720 feet .
An official contest for human drivers will take place in June this year , but Shelley will attempt a timed race in September , when she can get the track to herself .
" Our goal is to show that we can do this , " Gerdes said .
" There are some sheer drops at Pikes Peak in which any sort of self - preservation kicks in and you slow down a bit .
We want to go up at the speed that few normal drivers would ever think of attempting . "
The team has developed almost all of the algorithms needed to climb the hill successfully and will test them before trials at Pikes Peak .
They have gathered data from the course with a similar car and have tested Shelley on comparable terrain , but not yet on large hills .
If anything goes wrong on the summit , someone on the team can flip the " kill switch , " Shelley 's only remote control feature .
In addition to high - tech racing , research at Gerdes ' Dynamic Design Lab may lead to safer cars that respond to human error .
" We hope this project demonstrates that the technologies of stabilizing the car and helping the car stay in its lane will work with each other all the way up to the very limits of the vehicle . "
CARS is funded by Volkswagen , Bosch , Honda , Toyota and Nissan .
Christine Blackman is a science - writing intern at the Stanford News Service .
Media Contact
Dan Stober , Stanford News Service : ( 650 ) 721-6965 , [ email protected ]
Honda FC Sport prototype EV .
Despite how many times they 're told differently , some Americans persist in their belief that there were weapons of mass destruction in Iraq .
Sorry , nope .
And almost as enduring are the myths about the forthcoming electric vehicles .
So let me use my bully pulpit here to dispel some of the more common rumors , half - truths and innuendos .
1. Electric vehicles will be slow " Ralph Nader - mobiles . "
Definitely wrong .
I 've driven every single one that will be out this year , and not one of them was a slug .
Electric motors benefit from huge low - end torque , so they 're actually very fast indeed off the line .
That makes even some of the little econo - boxes capable of blowing off complacent Camaros and Mustangs .
And some EVs , such as the Tesla Roadster and Fisker Karma , are serious high - performance cars .
2. Electric vehicles will be expensive .
This is a half - truth , since the purchase price will indeed be higher than you 're used to paying .
Expect $ 35,000 to $ 40,000 for entry - level cars the size of a Subaru Forester .
But the last time I looked , nobody was subsidizing my purchase of gas - powered cars , and there is money for EVs .
Specifically , there 's a $ 7,500 federal tax credit for the purchase of battery cars , and a second credit of up to $ 2,000 that will pay up to 50 percent of your home charger installation .
It 's even better if you live in certain states .
California just launched a $ 5,000 " cash - for - clunkers " type rebate ( much better than a tax break ) to early adopters of EVs there .
Other states are similarly generous .
Oklahoma ( who knew ? ) subsidizes half the purchase price of battery cars , which made it possible to buy Wheego EVs for only $ 2,500 , and more than 100 have already been sold there .
3. Electric vehicles will be unsafe .
You 're not going to get shocked when you plug them in , and battery acid wo n't spill all over you in an accident .
Automakers , working with the Society of Automotive Engineers , have standardized the ultra - safe five - pin J1772 connector .
Battery packs , heavily protected from passenger compartments , will be mostly under the car .
The biggest safety issue so far is whether they 'll be heard by pedestrians , a challenge some carmakers are addressing by having them produce tailor - made noises ( they could even be like ringtones ) .
Here 's a video look at some of the newer ( and sexier ) EVs , many of which will be headin ' out on the highway soon .
4. Charging electric vehicles will be a hassle .
Never have I seen so many great minds working to make something as simple as possible , and they 've pretty much succeeded .
Carmakers and charging companies are lobbying for , and will probably get , streamlined rules for home wiring , which should reduce installation times from a month to 24 hours .
Your home charger ( about $ 2,000 installed ) is likely to be addressable like the cable box , which means you 'll be able to program charging times from your laptop or cell phone .
Utilities are very pro-EV , and will be offering lucrative time - of - day pricing to encourage customers to charge at night .
But you do n't have to get up in the middle of the night to plug - in _ the charger will be smart enough to start the clock ticking on its own .
5. Electric vehicles are n't really clean because they use electricity from coal plants .
This one is undoubtedly true , in that battery cars are not " zero emission " on a " well to wheels " basis .
Coal power is indeed dirty power .
But , all things considered , EVs are still much better for our planet than gasoline cars .
According to Sherry Boschert , author of the book Plug - In Hybrids : The Cars that Will Recharge America ( New Society ) , EVs reduce carbon dioxide emissions by 11 to 100 percent ( depending on the type of power plant ) compared to internal - combustion cars , and 24 to 54 percent compared to hybrid cars .
Even if all our plants burned coal , we 'd still reduce CO2 by as much as 59 percent with people driving only EVs .
Boschert 's primary source was a study by the federal Argonne National Laboratories .
Explore further Electric cars rolling out
( c ) 2010 , Mother Nature Network .
Distributed by McClatchy - Tribune Information Services .
India recorded 86,821 new coronavirus cases and 1,181 deaths in the last 24 hours , taking its COVID - 19 tally past the 63 - lakh mark , according to the Health Ministry data released this morning .
The country now has 63,12,585 cases of coronavirus , including 9,40,705 active cases , 52.7 lakh recoveries and 98,678 deaths .
At 85,376 , India recorded fewer one - day recoveries than new cases .
The overall recovery rate in the country is 83.5 per cent .
Its daily positivity rate was 6.1 per cent and fatality rate is 1.6 per cent .
A total of 14 lakh tests were done in the last 24 hours and 7.6 crore tests have been done in India till now .
Missouri - based US Fidelis , which until recently claimed to be the nation ’s top marketer of vehicle service contracts , has filed for bankruptcy amid allegations that its owners used company money to finance their lavish lifestyles .
In a court filing , the company said the brothers who own it , Darain and Cory Atkinson , and their real estate companies owe the firm more than $ 65 million , the St. Louis Post - Dispatch reported .
US Fidelis once employed more than 1,000 people at a call center in Wentzville , Mo. , where the company is based .
The newspaper reported that at least 600 of the employees were laid off late last year .
A company statement said it now has 109 workers to assist existing customers .
The bankruptcy filing said the Atkinson brothers used company money to maintain lavish lifestyles for themselves and their families .
US Fidelis has liabilities of $ 25.8 million .
It has $ 74.4 million in assets , but nearly 90 percent of the assets are debts owed to the firm by the two brothers and affiliated real estate companies .
US Fidelis will not use Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection to restructure the company in order to resume selling the service contracts , spokesman Ken Fields said .
He did n’t know if the Atkinson brothers intended to repay money they owe to the company .
No criminal charges have been filed against the company or the Atkinson brothers .
Attempts to reach the Atkinsons for comment were unsuccessful .
Neither had a listed phone number , and Fields said he is not representing them and could not comment on their behalf .
The Post - Dispatch said Chicago - based Mepco Finance Corp. , which financed most of the auto service contracts sold by US Fidelis , appears to be the biggest creditor , with a $ 14.5 million claim against the company .
Mepco also owns the call center after acquiring it at a January foreclosure auction .
The bankruptcy filing identifies about 1,500 other creditors , including US Fidelis customers who are owed cancellation refunds .
Among the more recognizable creditors are a Kansas City law firm started by former U.S. Attorney General John Ashcroft , which is owed $ 668,599 ; and NASCAR team Rusty Wallace Racing , which was hired to promote US Fidelis and is owed $ 535,439 .
US Fidelis said the bankruptcy does not affect the coverage of service contracts it sold .
Claims on these contracts are administrated by independent companies .
Darain Atkinson founded US Fidelis in 2001 , a little more than a decade after he got out of prison following convictions for theft , burglary , counterfeiting and check forging .
The firm grew in part from high - pressure telephone sales tactics and had gross revenue of $ 264.5 million last year .
But questions arose after investigations by several states , the Better Business Bureau and the Post - Dispatch .
The filing said Darain Atkinson , US Fidelis ’ 45 - year - old president , owes the company $ 28.2 million .
Cory Atkinson , its 40 - year - old vice president , owes $ 20.5 million .
The Post - Dispatch said the company paid the mortgage , utilities and landscaping costs for Darain Atkinson ’s mansion in the Cayman Islands , as well as several hundred thousand dollars to contractors during the period when Darain Atkinson ’s $ 17 million Lake Saint Louis home was under construction .
The company paid $ 445,283 to a home furnisher in the Lake Tahoe , Calif. , resort community where Cory Atkinson owns a home he bought in 2008 for $ 2.9 million .
Copyright 2020 Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Fox & Friends devoted a segment Tuesday to speculating on whether Obama - appointed federal attorneys are “ sympathetic to the al Qaeda cause . ”
At issue was the revelation from Attorney General Eric Holder that at least five attorneys appointed by President Obama defended Guantanamo inmates in legal proceedings , while at least another four filed briefs with the courts on behalf of Gitmo detainees .
ADVERTISEMENT
Co-host Steve Doocy quoted Deborah Burlingame , the sister of the pilot of Flight 77 , which crashed in Pennsylvania on 9/11 .
“ It ’s like thery ’re bringing al Qaeda lawyers inside the Department of Justice , ” she reportedly said .
“ If they represented these guys , are they sympathetic to the al Qaeda cause ? ” asked co-host Brian Kilmeade .
The chyron at the bottom of the screen stated , “ What ’s Holder hiding ? ”
But co-host Alisyn Camerota argued that the fact the lawyers worked for Gitmo detainees does n’t make them unqualified for Justice Department jobs — in fact , it may aid them .
“ You could also say … these are just defense attorneys doing their job .
Defense attorneys do n’t shy away from doing the hardest cases of mafiosos , or suspected terrorists or mass murderers , ” Camerota said .
“ That ’s what Eric Holder has said , ” Camerota continued .
“ He says , ‘ Look , we ’ll be able to gain from their expertise when they come inside the Department of Justice .
Who knows Gitmo better than these people ? ’
That ’s the argument on the other side . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Conservative commentators have criticized Holder for taking three months to respond to a request from Sen. Charles Grassley ( R - IA ) asking for the names of Obama - appointed attorneys who were in some way tied to the defense of Guantanamo prisoners .
The New York Post reported Tuesday that Holder sent a letter to Grassley dated Feb. 18 in which he disclosed that there were nine lawyers who fit the description .
Holder did not reveal the lawyers ’ names , except for those two already known to Grassley : Deputy solicitor general Neal Katyan , who defended Osama bin Laden ’s driver , and Jennifer Daskal , a member of the president ’s Detention Policy Task Force , who had previously worked with Human Rights Watch .
In an interview with the National Review , Grassley declared : “ The country has the right to know what the predilections of people in the Justice Department are toward terrorism , especially if they ’re giving constitutional rights to terrorists …
They ’re going to regret hiding names .
I do n’t know why they ’re hiding , unless they have something to hide . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
This video is from Fox News ’ Fox & Friends , broadcast Feb. 23 , 2010 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
A POOR Russian genius , who could be the world 's cleverest man , says he does not need the $ 1 million prize for solving one of the hardest problems in mathematics .
Dr Grigori Perelman prefers to live as a recluse in his grim cockroach - infested flat in St Petersburg , the Mail Online reports .
Told about the financial prize for solving the Poincare Conjecture which had confounded mathematicians for a century , he said through his closed front door : “ I do n't need anything .
I have all I want . ”
The bearded genius , aged 44 , was named last week as winner of the $ 1 million prize by the Clay Mathematics Institute in Cambridge , Massachusetts .
Four years ago , after posting his solution on the web , he failed to turn up to receive his prestigious Fields Medal from the International Mathematical Union in Madrid .
At the time he stated : “ I 'm not interested in money or fame .
I do n't want to be on display like an animal in a zoo .
“ I 'm not a hero of mathematics .
I 'm not even that successful , that is why I do n't want to have everybody looking at me . ”
Neighbour Vera Petrovna said : “ I was once in his flat and I was astounded .
He only has a table , a stool and a bed with a dirty mattress which was left by previous owners - alcoholics who sold the flat to him .
“ We are trying to get rid of cockroaches in our block , but they hide in his flat . ”
It was in 2003 that Perelman , then a researcher at the Steklov Institute of Mathematics in St Petersburg , began posting papers online suggesting he had solved the Poincare Conjecture , one of seven major mathematical puzzles for which the Clay Institute is offering $ 1 million each .
Rigorous tests proved he was correct .
The topological conundrum essentially states that any three - dimensional space without holes in it is equivalent to a stretched sphere .
The puzzle was more than 100 years old when Perelman solved it - and can help determine the shape of the universe .
After 2003 Perelman gave up his job at the Steklov Institute .
Friends have been reported as saying he has resigned from mathematics altogether - finding the subject too painful to discuss .
Read more about Grigori Perelman and the Poincare Conjecture at the Mail Online
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Bob Geldof has challenged the BBC to substantiate its report that millions raised for famine relief in Ethiopia were diverted to pay for weapons .
The anti-poverty campaigner said there was " not a shred of evidence " Band Aid or Live Aid money was siphoned off .
The report included claims that substantial sums of aid that went into rebel - held areas of Tigray province in 1985 were used to buy arms .
The BBC World Service has said it is standing by its report .
Mr Geldof told BBC One 's Andrew Marr show he would personally sue the Ethiopian government and spend the money on aid if any evidence was produced .
' Credible voices '
He said : " Produce me one shred of evidence and I promise you I will professionally investigate it , I will professionally report it , and if there is any money missing I will sue the Ethiopian government for that money back and I will spend it on aid .
" There is not a single shred of evidence that Band Aid or Live Aid money was diverted in any sense , it could not have been . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The news and current affairs editor at the World Service , Andrew Whitehead , said the BBC stood by its report .
Taking part in a discussion with Mr Geldof , Mr Whitehead said the BBC had " quite a lot of evidence " to support the report .
The World Service report featured interviews with two former members of a rebel group who made the allegations dating from the mid-80s .
They told the BBC they posed as merchants in meetings with charity workers to get aid money which they used to fund attempts to overthrow the government .
Gebremedhin Araya ( L ) says he posed as a merchant to get aid One rebel leader estimated that $ 95 m ( £ 63 m ) from Western governments and charities was diverted .
The CIA also alleged aid money was being misused , Mr Whitehead pointed out in a radio discussion .
He accepted the 1985 report from the crime agency was written before Band Aid had gone into Ethiopia , but said it established " a pattern " that international aid was being used for military purposes .
The report concluded : " Some funds that insurgent organisations are raising for relief operations , as a result of increased world publicity , are almost certainly being diverted for military purposes . "
Mr Geldof , who was speaking to the BBC from Nairobi , also said one of the sources quoted in the report was a " dissident political exile " who was " not credible " .
There is a clear public interest in determining whether some money given as famine relief ended up buying guns and bullets
Andrew Whitehead , BBC World Service BBC response to criticism Martin Plaut , the World Service 's Africa editor who broke the story , said a lot of his nine - month investigation was spent trying to corroborate or dismiss events .
He said : " We came across a lot of other evidence which made it clear that yes , indeed , some of the money had gone astray . "
He added that the " balanced , measured " programme had gone through the entire BBC editorial process and had not simply been " thrown on air " .
Mr Geldof and the Band Aid Trust are taking their complaint to the broadcasting regulator , Ofcom .
They and a number of other agencies , including Oxfam , the Red Cross , Christian Aid and Save The Children , are also writing to chairman of the BBC Trust , Sir Michael Lyons .
John Kennedy , a co-founder of the Band Aid Trust , said : " The trust is writing to the BBC and Ofcom to complain about the broadcast . "
A Christian Aid spokeswoman confirmed it was planning to support the complaint .
Correction 4 November 2010 : This page has been amended following a complaint by the Band Aid Trust , which was upheld by the BBC's Editorial Complaints Unit .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Whoops , we 're sorry .
TinEye requires JavaScript to run correctly .
Please enable JavaScript and try again .
If nothing else , Barack Obama is a glutton for punishment .
Apparently confident in his ability to manhandle the Republican leadership in the wake of his televised beat - down of the House GOP caucus two weeks ago , Obama has invited McConnell , Boehner and company to the White House for a health care summit .
But instead of applying a full - court press on recalcitrant members of his own party to finally pass a Democratic bill the country so badly needs , Obama will waste yet more time in his futile quest for bipartisanship .
After a year of unprecedented obstructionism by the Republican Party , it begs the question :
Mr. President , what part of " no " do n't you understand ?
Within days of Obama taking the oath of office , Clinton health care assassin Bill Kristol counseled his Republican colleagues to repeat their obstructionism at all costs .
( Not , of course , because Democratic health reform plans might fail , as Orrin Hatch later admitted , but precisely because they might succeed . )
Despite facing almost total GOP opposition to his economic stimulus plan , on health care President Obama reached out to mythical moderates like Chuck Grassley ( R - IA ) , Olympia Snowe ( R - ME ) and Susan Collins ( R - ME ) .
All voted against the Senate bill , including Snowe ( who supported it in the Finance Committee ) and Grassley ( who was among those regurgitating the " pull the plug on grandma " fraud ) .
And the 220 -215 margin in the House and the complete 60 - 39 Republican rejection in the Senate came despite , as the Washington Post 's Ezra Klein reported , " The six Republican ideas already in the health - care reform bill " :
At this point , I do n't think it 's well understood how many of the GOP 's central health - care policy ideas have already been included as compromises in the health - care bill .
But one good way is to look at the GOP 's " Solutions for America " homepage , which lays out its health - care plan in some detail .
It has four planks .
All of them -- yes , you read that right -- are in the Senate health - care bill .
On July 20 , 2009 , weeks before the August town hall disruptions and a full seven months before President Obama 's proposed bipartisan health care conclave is to meet , Bill Kristol penned a memo telling Republicans to " Kill It , and Start Over . "
And for months , Mitch McConnell , John McCain , John Kyl , John Cornyn , John Boehner , Eric Cantor and myriad other Republican leaders have faithfully coughed up that same talking point .
As Boehner reproduced it in September :
" It 's really about the president pushing the reset button .
There 's a way to start this process over , and I think that 's really what the American people want .
Let 's start over . "
And as Eric Cantor and John Boehner made clear today in the responses to the President 's invitation , that rejectionist position is still operative .
In a letter to Obama chief of staff Rahm Emanuel , Minority Leader Boehner wrote , " If the starting point for this meeting is the job - killing bills the American people have already soundly rejected , Republicans would rightly be reluctant to participate . "
For Cantor , nothing short of unconditional surrender is acceptable :
After going it alone on health care reform for nearly a year , President Obama has decided he wants to bring Republicans into the conversation .
Here 's the problem : unless the President and Speaker Pelosi are willing to scrap their government take over and hit the reset button , there 's not much to talk about .
Republicans believe the status quo is unacceptable , but so is any health reform package that spends money we do n't have or raises taxes on small businesses and working families in a recession .
To that point , House Republicans have offered the only plan , that will lower health care costs , which is what the President said was the goal at the start of this debate .
There are some who remain optimistic about the prospects for the February 25th gathering .
Recalling Obama 's on - air skewering of the House GOP on January 29th ( one which Republicans called a " mistake " and a repeat of which NSRC chairman John Cornyn want to avoid at all costs ) , some of the President allies are confident of a repeat .
The Washington Monthly 's shrewd Steve Benen believes that the President will use the session to " give Democrats cover and put Republican intransigence on full display " :
If the summit is really about striking a new compromise , this would seemingly be pointless .
But if the summit is about delving into these plans , exploring what is and is n't in the proposal , and making it clear for all to see that Republican ideas have been considered -- and in several instances , embraced -- the gathering has the potential to change public attitudes and score a key public - relations victory .
Hopefully , Steve 's right .
But for President Obama to succeed in that task will take a combination of crystal clear messaging and a firm commitment on his part to policy specifics .
Tragically , Obama has failed on both counts since the health care reform debate began .
Over a year ago in January 2009 , New York Times columnist and Nobel Prize winning economist Paul Krugman warned President Obama about all - out Republican opposition to his economic recovery program .
" Look , Republicans are not going to come on board , " Krugman said , adding , " Make 40 % of the package tax cuts , they 'll demand 100 % . "
Which is exactly what transpired .
And Obama , like Clinton before him , got zero GOP votes in the House .
Absolutely nothing 's changed , except that the ranks of the 50 million uninsured , 25 million underinsured and those bankrupted by medical expenses continue to swell .
Mr. President , for Republicans , no means no .
It 's long past time you just said no , too .
( This piece also appears at Perrspectives . )
[ New search ] [ Context ] [ View without highlighting ] [ Printable RTF version ] [ Buy ICLR report : [ 2011 ] Bus LR D49 ] [ Help ]
IN THE HIGH COURT OF JUSTICE
CHANCERY DIVISION
Mr Adrian Speck ( instructed by Wiggin LLP ) for the Claimants Mr David Harris and Ms Jane Lambert ( instructed by Kirwans Solicitors ) for the Defendant Hearing dates : 1 - 3 , 8 , 10 February , 2 , 3 March 2010 ____________________
Mr. Justice Kitchin :
Introduction
The defendant is the company that owns and operates Newzbin .
It says that its website is simply a search engine like Google but directed to Usenet rather than the world wide web .
It also says it is " content agnostic " and designed to index the entire content of Usenet .
Where possible , it provides hyperlinks with the result that any supply of unlawful material is an act occurring exclusively between the hyperlink user and the relevant Usenet server operators and that the defendant plays no part in any such activity .
The Usenet system
The Newzbin site - general
Newzbin is run by Mr Chris Elsworth ( known as " Caesium " ) , Mr Thomas Hurst ( known as " Freaky " ) and Mr Lee Skillen ( known as " Kalante " ) who were , until recently , the shareholders in and directors of the defendant .
I mention their pseudonyms because they often appear in the various materials relating to Newzbin which were referred to during the course of the trial .
Mr Elsworth and Mr Hurst gave evidence and , particularly in the case of Mr Elsworth , were subjected to an extensive and searching cross examination in the light of which substantial attacks were mounted on their credibility .
I shall address these attacks in the context of the disputes to which their evidence gives rise .
Access to Newzbin is restricted to members , and the defendant accepts applications for membership only from users who have an invitation from a current member .
The defendant offers two levels of membership : basic membership for which there is no fee , and premium membership for those users who agree to pay a fee of £ 0.30 per week , subject to discount at different times of the year .
Only premium members are given the ability to download the contents of files sourced using Newzbin .
Basic members are merely provided with what was described in evidence as a " sample " or " taster " of what is available to premium members .
There is no doubt that the defendant has developed a very substantial business .
It has a sophisticated and substantial infrastructure and in the region of 700,000 members , though not all premium .
Its accounts reveal that for the year ended 31 December 2009 , it had a turnover in excess of £ 1 million , a profit in excess of £ 360,000 and paid dividends on ordinary shares of £ 415,000 .
" Welcome to Newzbin .com , the most comprehensive Usenet search that exists on the Internet today .
Our service comprises of listing what is currently available on Usenet , in two forms  the Reports view , which has been condensed to show you precisely what is available ; and the Files view , which shows you everything that has been posted , on all the newsgroups * , for the last 240 days . "
" Newzbin indexes the contents of Usenet , however , it neither provides nor uploads any of the files that may be contained within it .
Any descriptions are a result of the indexing and therefore do not relate to downloadable files . "
" Newzbin is a service that is dedicated to indexing the ever - changing contents of Usenet , also known as Newsgroups .
The reason we do this is to remove the hassle of crawling through the thousands of newsgroups and millions of headers to find what you 're looking for , whether that be obscure music , tv shows , games or movies .
Think of us as a TV guide , but we 're a guide that applies to Usenet .
Newzbin also offers many additional features and tools that can save you time , bandwidth and effort . "
" As mentioned in the brief description , Newzbin indexes the binary side of Usenet .
We are a search engine  just like Google ! . "
The Newzbin site - binary content
( i) Newzbin indices
Newzbin retrieves title information about messages posted in a range of Usenet newsgroups .
This title information , referred to as a " header " , identifies the email address of the user who posted the message , the date and time the message was posted , the newsgroup or set of newsgroups to which the message was posted , the subject or topic of the message , a code for identifying the message and finally , the path of servers that any particular copy of the message has followed .
Newzbin processes and stores this header information in three main indices : the " RAW " index , the " Condensed " index and the " Newzbin " index .
The Newzbin index is the highest level index and shows entries which have also been assigned what Newzbin calls " reports " .
These are created by a team of about 250 " editors " who check that the subject matter of the report relates to a complete set of Usenet messages .
The Newzbin index lists the reports by the name of the film or other work in question .
The editors act , in effect , as a system of quality control and ensure that all of the individual messages that comprise a copy of a film or other binary work have been identified .
They also add further descriptive information such as the title and overall file size and details of other attributes such as the source , genre and language of the work .
In the case of entries relating to films , the reports typically provide the user with a link to an internet address ( " URL " ) with other available information on that work .
Such URLs may link to the websites of Amazon or the comprehensive motion picture database known as IMDb .
The reports often include an information or " NFO " file in which it is common for releasers of infringing copies of films or television programmes to identify themselves so as to take the credit for creating the copy in question .
Newzbin reports for binary content appear to be retained for 240 days , as stated on the Newzbin welcome screen .
( ii ) NZB files
I come now to a crucial element of Newzbin .
The defendant has developed a facility for premium members to create what the site identifies as " NZB " files .
In the case of binary content , each NZB file contains all the information a news client requires to fetch all the Usenet messages and reassemble the original binary work from its component parts .
Mr Clark described how it works in practice .
Using the Newzbin index view , an NZB file can be retrieved using one of two techniques ; first , by clicking the check box in the relevant entry and then clicking the " Create NZB " button at the top of the page ; second , by simply clicking the " Download Report NZB " icon in the relevant entry .
In either case the NZB file is created and delivered to the user 's computer .
Mr Clark demonstrated this by reference to a Harry Potter film .
He selected the entry for " Harry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban ( 2004 ) " by clicking the checkbox in respect of that entry and he then clicked the " Create NZB " button .
A dialog box popped up on his screen giving him the choice between saving the NZB file and opening it with a third party application .
He chose to open the file using GrabIt .
He then selected a further option on the dialog box which indicated that when an NZB file was accessed in the future , GrabIt would be launched automatically .
He duly did access an NZB file for the same Harry Potter film and the GrabIt application started running immediately .
The final output was a set of files suitable for burning to a DVD and which could be played in a typical DVD player .
( iii ) Categories of content
Newzbin permits a premium member to search its indices by reference to various categories into which the Usenet messages which it has retrieved are grouped .
So far as binary content is concerned , there are categories for " Anime " ( animated films produced in Japan ) , " Apps " ( application software ) , " Books " ( both audio books and formats for displaying electronic book readers ) , " Consoles " ( video games for dedicated games consoles ) , " Emulation " ( video games playable on a PC using a program which allows the PC to emulate a games console ) , " Games " ( video games playable on a PC ) , " Misc " , " Movies " , " Music " , " PDA " ( software or content files playable on a personal digital assistant or handheld computing device , such as a Blackberry or an iPhone ) , " Resources " ( creative resource material such as fonts and clip art ) and " TV " .
When searching the Newzbin index for binary content , a member can break down a number of these categories into various sub-categories .
Particular attention was focused during the trial on the " Movies " category .
This is sub - categorised by " Source " ( for example " CAM " , " Screener " , " Telesync " , " R5 Retail " , " Blu - Ray " , " DVD " and " HD - DVD " ) , " Video Fmt " ( for example , " DivX " , " XviD " , " Blu - Ray " and " HD - DVD " ) , " Region " , " Video Genre " , " Audio Fmt " , " Language " and " Subtitles " .
Miss Sidhu , a witness for the claimants and an internal investigator employed by the Federation Against Copyright Theft Limited ( " FACT " ) , said in unchallenged evidence that several of these source sub-categories are a strong indication of piracy .
For example , CAM typically refers to the use of a handheld cam or video recorder in a cinema to record a film shown there ; Screener refers to a copy of a film supplied on a restricted basis to persons within the industry , such as critics , before the film has been released commercially ;
Telesync refers to a copy of a film made in a cinema using professional camera equipment and a direct connection to the sound source , and sometimes with the frame capture rate of the camera synchronised with that of the film being shown ; and R5 Retail refers to DVDs released in Russia before commercial release elsewhere .
Ms Sidhu also explained that where the source of the indexed content is a commercially available optical disc , such as a DVD , although the source will often be legitimate , the uploading of a copy of that film from the disc to Usenet and the copying of it online will not be lawful .
Further , the video formats DivX and XviD , at least , are commonly used formats associated with the piracy of audio- visual content .
( iv ) Editors
" What do Editors do ?
They group and name posts on Usenet
Basically , Newzbin fetches headers for every binary newsgroup ( well , almost we add new ones all the time , as we find them ) on Usenet .
These headers are often cryptic , or at least , not very readable .
It is an Editor 's task to ' decode ' these headers into something a little more readable for you the Newzbin member , so that you can search and browse for what is on Usenet , quickly and easily .
Position Details
Once you 're appointed as an Editor , you 'll see a few new features and pages on the site .
The most important is the Usenet Files view ; this is very similar to what you see in a newsreader after loading headers .
We pull in headers from just about every binary group on Usenet  so there 's no need for you to do the same .
Armed with this information , you can condense the information into Newzbin Reports .
Most people do n't want to sit and sift through so much information , so it 's your job to make it nicer to read .
Once you 've made a Newzbin Report , your information will appear on the public side of the site available to all and sundry to read ; thus you directly help control what we show . "
" We have a rather large team of editors at Newzbin .com ( roughly 250 editors ) .
We report releases because we like to help other people .
New editors get premium features , plus permission to make regular reports .
The more posts you make , the more permissions you will get as an editor .
Senior editors have permission to edit other editors ' reports , delete entire reports etc .
The full list of all available permissions can be found here .
Often , finding a web page related to a post helps to determine the proper title , show missing songs for albums , and generally improve the accuracy of a report .
To that end we are implementing a new rule for editors :
Reports by new editors MUST have a relevant URL on them .
While adding URLs is optional for non-new editors it 's still good to include them and ' strongly encourage ' for movies .
There is a list of helpful links elsewhere . "
" People look at our site for movies , games and apps , pretty much in that order .
Why even have those other sections ?
Because if they were removed people would ask " Why do n't you have eBooks ? "
If you care enough about eBooks to report them , then you wo n't mind doing so for minimal credit .
You report those sections because you want to .
On the other hand if you report movies , then you get rewarded for it because we want you to report them more then eBooks .
Ebooks are usually a case of one file = one post .
Its pointless copying the filename from the subject and putting it in the post title and making a report of it .
If people want to search for eBooks , they can switch to files mode and search there .
You 're benefiting the entire community a LOT more by making movie posts and decoding the cryptic filenames people come up with . "
" Consistent and well formatted titles are very important to the quality of the site .
Below are some rules which apply to all reports unless specified in another title formatting guide .
When appending completeness or information tags to report titles use :
CD for Compact Disc
DVD for Digital Versatile Disc
BD for Blu - Ray Disc
HD for High Definition Digital Versatile Disc ( HDVD )
[ ]  Use square brackets to add information about the status / completeness of a report .
( )  Use parentheses to add information about the content contained in the report .
YYYY - MM - DD  standard date format inside ( ) or not
[ ] comes after ()
If you are unsure how to create a proper title , either ask in #edcentral or search for a similar reports and follow suit .
For movie titles , use the main imdb title including year , but move ' The ' or ' Le ' to the front .
Do not include / I or the quotes that mean made for tv movie .
Do not add aka titles
For movie titles with additional info the format should be ; Title ( YEAR ) ( Additional Info ) "
Newzbin also contains a long section containing lists of films under the heading " The Superset : Shows You Are Likely To See Posted "  and these are clearly commercial releases which are very likely to be protected by copyright .
" When acting as editor you may not do any act which would assist enable incite or encourage any unlawful acts by any other person .
Specific but not exhaustive examples of such acts would be the creation of or editing of NZB or NFO files or hyper - links relating to ' warez ' , unlicensed movies or music , child pornography or other unlawful obscenity , terrorist or unlawful drugs materials .
These are not definitive examples and any unlawful act is prohibited .
You should be aware that we may be required by law to assist copyright owners or the authorities in tracing Editors who undertake such acts . "
( v) Item removal and restriction on use
Newzbin contains a " Delisting " facility .
In order to get an item delisted , members are directed to a link which takes them to a web page which instructs them that details of the item sought to be removed must be sent by registered post to a specified address .
The page informs members that the defendant aims to process all such requests within 48 hours of their receipt .
For like reasons , I am again satisfied that this cumbersome procedure is entirely cosmetic and designed to render it impractical for rights holders to secure the removal of entries relating to infringing material from the Newzbin indices .
This was graphically illustrated by Mr Elsworth 's explanation in cross examination as to the lengths the claimants would have to go to in order to get all of the ( perhaps many hundred ) copies of a particular Harry Potter film removed .
He said the claimants would have to download each such copy and prove it was infringing and send an appropriate notice in accordance with the delisting instruction .
" You may only use the Site for lawful purposes .
In particular you may not use the Site to transmit defamatory , offensive or abusive material or material of an obscene or menacing character , or which promotes hatred , violence or illegal conduct , or in breach of copyright or any other intellectual property rights , or in breach of the Computer Misuse Act 1990 or other relevant legislation or the rights of another User . "
( vi ) Newzbin binary content analysis
The Newzbin site - non-binary ( or text ) content
Newzbin therefore has very little utility in relation to text messages .
In this respect it is a very rudimentary and crude system .
Specifically , it does not permit members to search the content of Usenet text postings for key words or phrases as Google does .
Indeed , it seems to me to provide little or nothing that cannot be obtained by accessing the relevant newsgroup directly .
Mr Clark also considered the operation of Newzbin with the benefit of software provided by the defendant .
He concluded , in my judgment entirely fairly , that binary content and text content are dealt with by Newzbin in different ways and by separate parts of the code .
As I elaborate in the next section of this judgment , the part of the code dealing with binary content takes care to search only binary newsgroups .
It is designed to filter out any articles posted to those binary newsgroups which might nonetheless be text .
By contrast , the part of the code dealing with text content searches all active newsgroups and then filters out any articles that appear not to be text .
As a result , large numbers of Discussion Digests and reports are produced .
Interestingly , no Discussion Digests are listed on the site prior to 3 January 2010 .
There is nothing remotely near 240 days old .
The defendant 's stated objectives in developing the Newzbin site
The clear impression conveyed by this evidence was that Newzbin treats all content in the same way and so is , in the words of the re-amended defence , content agnostic ; that Newzbin retrieves information using the crawler bot ; and that the crawler bot looks at all available newsgroups .
However , as I have explained , the truth is very different .
Mr Clark has established that in fact Newzbin treats binary and text content in quite different ways and does so by using separate parts of the code .
As for binary content , the code responsible for collecting new information from Usenet servers and processing it into a form suitable for displaying it to members looks only at binary newsgroups and conducts a series of tests designed to filter out text messages .
By contrast , the part of the code dealing with text content searches all active newsgroups and then filters out any messages that appear not to be text .
Mr Hurst also gave evidence that Newzbin is content agnostic and mainly used to locate text discussions and that he has spent a considerable period of time developing Newzbin 's indexing software in relation to discussion groups .
However , in cross examination it emerged that by content agnostic Mr Hurst meant no more than that Newzbin looks at all content and not that it treats all content in the same way .
He explained that he wrote a script in January 2010 , similar to earlier scripts , which enabled him to download automatically the messages in a digest for a newsgroup he had already identified .
Curiously the script was written on the same day as his witness statement , strongly suggesting it was motivated by a desire to illustrate that the text functionality of Newzbin has some utility , although he maintained it was coincidental .
The value of his evidence was in any event undermined by his acceptance in cross examination that he had done it " for fun " .
I am satisfied that Mr Hurst 's evidence provides no support whatsoever for any suggestion that the text functionality of Newzbin is of any interest or utility to members .
Further and in any event , Mr Hurst 's evidence was entirely peripheral to the claims in this action .
It had nothing to do with the binary functionality of Newzbin .
Newzbin activity
" The digest system is still under quite heavy development so we do n't want to show potentially broken or incomplete results to a user base that are accustomed to a complete and accurate index . "
Knowledge of infringement
In a series of posts in February 2006 , members address a concern as to whether Newzbin records the NZBs that members have downloaded and whether the Motion Picture Association of America or its European equivalent , the Motion Picture Association ( often referred to as the MPAA and MPA respectively ) , could use such data to track members down .
Mr Elsworth was constrained to accept that these concerns " could be " related to copyright infringement .
" Q. What do you imagine is intended to go in those categories ?
A. I would fully imagine that it 's video data that 's come from a Blu Ray disc or an HD DVD media .
Q. Namely the movies that they 've already started releasing that are mentioned there , yes ?
A . That does appear to be what he means , yes .
Q . So what this person has in mind for " we " , because he 's editor , what he has in mind is having categories for doing something which would be copyright infringement , does n't he ?
A. From that specific post , it looks like he may have that in mind .
I would add any attribute upon asked to from any editor .
Q. Well , in fact you have added these categories , have n't you ?
A. Yes , I think I did .
Q . And in fact you know that 's what 's intended to go in there are movies that are released on those formats , do n't you ?
A . After reading this post , I do see that he looks like he is intending to put commercial movies in those formats .
Q . You 've always intended that , have n't you ?
A . No , I generate the attributes on -- whenever the editors ask for them .
I do n't know what they 're going to put in them .
Q. Is that your evidence ?
So when you add Blu Ray and HD DVD , you 've got no idea -- you had no idea that movies were being released on them and that that was what the categories were intended for , is that your evidence ?
A . It 's not a given that a Blu Ray media disc will contain a copyright movie .
There are plenty , I 'm sure , of copyright - free Blu Rays that people would want to put in there .
" Q. Yes .
And you need a category for Blu Ray , or we need a category for Blu Ray , because Blu Ray has been cracked so now people will be copying movies off of Blu Ray so you need to deal with those .
That 's what this post means , does n't it ?
A . That does look like what that post means , yes .
Q . So that person has copyright infringement in mind ?
A . No , I would not say that person had copyright infringement in mind .
I would say that person looks like he just wants to report Blu Rays .
He cites a reason for adding the Blu Ray category as they are being cracked but he does not cite a specific intention to report copyrighted Blu Rays .
Q. Well , what else would it be ?
A. I do n't know .
Q . Why would it be Blu Rays that would need cracking ?
A. I do n't know .
Q . You can't come up with any explanation other than a copyright - protected commercial movie , can you ?
A. No . "
" Q. He wants to be able to find them to download them ?
A . He does n't cite that as a reason .
MR JUSTICE KITCHIN : Can I understand , in his first sentence he says : " I have a bunch of saved searches ( mainly TVshows ) . "
What does that mean ?
A. A saved search is a Newzbin feature where , once you search for something once , you can then save it so that it appears in a list and then you can re-execute the same search without having to type in the name again and all the parameters , so it simplifies searches that you may do very often .
MR JUSTICE KITCHIN :
So if he has saved searches for mainly TV shows , what would he be doing with them ?
A. I do n't know .
This suggests that he 's searching for the TV shows quite often , but it does n't suggest what he does with them .
MR JUSTICE KITCHIN :
It would n't suggest to you that he wants to watch them ?
A . It may suggest that but it does n't actually say that he 's going to do that .
MR JUSTICE KITCHIN :
What would you understand it to mean ?
A . If I were to read this , I would understand it to mean that he wants to know what 's on Usenet regarding TV shows , probably on a regular basis .
MR JUSTICE KITCHIN : Why ?
A. ( Pause ) .
May I read the second page of this post ?
MR JUSTICE KITCHIN :
Of course , yes .
MR SPECK : You see it 's you responding and helping him .
A . This user does seem to be setting up a saved search so that he can find an NZB for whatever he 's saved the search for on a weekly basis and then probably retrieve the NZB for the things which are popping up in his search on possibly a weekly or monthly basis .
Q . So if he , for instance , is a Dr Who fan 
A . Are we on the next page ?
Q. I 'm just giving you an example .
If he is a Dr Who fan , and he wants to search for that every week so he can get it when it 's appeared on the television and somebody has copied it and put it on Usenet , he can do the same search every Sunday morning , or whatever it might be that 's what this is about , that kind of thing ?
A . This does n't specifically say it 's about Dr Who , but as an example that is possible .
He could do that , yes .
Q . Of course , it does n't say " Dr Who " but whatever may be his favourite shows , that 's what he 's up to , yes ?
A. Yes .
Q . And you 're helping him , yes , in your replies ?
A . We provide the features to make a search as simple as possible .
Q. Indeed , you 're giving him assistance knowing that what he 's going to do is what we 've just discussed ?
A . No , I do n't know he 's going to download these copyrighted TV shows .
Q . You 've just agreed that it looks like that 's what he 's up to reading his post
A. Reading his post , yes .
Q . You read his post and you replied over the page , giving him some help .
A . Yes , I enhance the search service so that you can select a saved search quickly , more quickly than you could do before .
" Q. So what this person is envisaging is searching under a movie star ?
A . He 's envisioning searching on anybody who may be in a video file , yes .
Q. Well , a movie star ; who stars in it , " who stars in the movie " .
A . That 's the wording he uses , yes .
Q . He 's talking about searching for a movie star ?
A . That 's not necessarily true .
Q. What else does it mean ?
A . You can star in a home video .
Q. An NFO file contains who stars in the movie .
Are you suggesting that what he might have in mind is some unknown ten year old , say , starring in the movie which has been filmed on a camcorder by their parents ?
A. I 'm suggesting that " movie " is a very broad definition of a video , and " starring " and you can star in any sort of video , not just a commercially released video .
Q . Of course , what we 're envisaging here is people who are third parties to the video or the movie searching for it .
So the unknown person who is starring in a movie , they are not going to be known , so you wo n't know the name to search for , will you ?
A . It depends if you are a friend or family of the star of the home video .
Q . They 'll give it to you then ; you wo n't be searching on Newzbin for it , will you ?
A. Perhaps .
Q . It 's quite plain that what this person has in mind is a facility which will enable him , because he has favourite movie stars , to acquire movies in that way , using your site , is it not ?
A. I do n't agree with that , no . "
" Q. This is somebody making something for downloading your favourite episodes from Newzbin easier ?
A. Right .
Q. Do you see that ?
A. Yes .
Q. First of all , this person considers that what they 're doing is downloading from Newzbin , yes ?
A . He does appear to be under that misconception , yes .
Q. I understand that technically we can get into the nitty gritty of where it 's stored and how it occurs , but so far as the user is concerned he 's going to Newzbin and downloading his favourite TV episodes from Newzbin , yes ?
A . He does seem to think that , yes .
Q . And there 's no doubt that what 's envisaged here is unlawful .
A . There 's no evidence to suggest what he 's downloading apart from episodes .
There 's no evidence to suggest what those might be .
Q. Which episodes are unlikely to be copyright protection ?
A. I do n't know .
I could n't think of any off hand . "
" I 've said multiple times that we would require a court order to hand over any information we hold .
As to what we record :
Your username & your email address , obviously .
One month of logs which comprises :
- IP you used the site from ( so we can ban people who are hammering the site , DoSing etc )
- When you logged in and logged out ( for tracking abusive site users , this includes login errors )
- Card payments [ how much you bought , when , and the transaction status , failures etc  NOT the card number , that 'd be illegal as we 're not qualified to store this information ]
- When you change a preference , so when a user says " I can't see anything ! " we can go find out what he changed which broke it , and change it back for him .
- When you download an NZB , we increment a counter which is displayed in some of your stats .
The identification of the NZB is not recorded .
We are considering lowering the log storage time to 7 days .
We may also move the logs off the Newzbin servers , onto completely unrelated servers in another completely unrelated part of the Internet , and then log via SSL to them .
( thus , no logs can be taken without our consent  but I judge the odds of server seizure to be negligible , as it'd be jumped on by our lawyer with complete glee ) . "
The defendant has also been given notice by the claimants that Newzbin has been and is being used by members to infringe the claimants ' copyrights in their films , yet copies of those films remain available on Newzbin and no action has been taken against the editors responsible for making the reports relating to them or against the members who have downloaded the infringing copies .
In a letter before action dated 21 May 2008 , the defendant was notified that Newzbin was being used to infringe the copyrights of members of the MPA .
The letter enclosed a list of the claimants ' films .
Thereafter these proceedings were issued and the particulars of claim dated 25 November 2008 identified the six particular films referred to in paragraph [ 80 ] of this judgment and which FACT had downloaded using Newzbin .
Mr Jenkins explained in a witness statement dated 17 August 2009 that he was responsible for downloading those copies in July and August 2008 and that he was at that time an investigator employed by FACT .
This statement was served on the defendant on 8 September 2009 .
Ms Sidhu , to whom I have referred earlier in this judgment , related in her first witness statement dated 3 September 2009 , which statement was also served on the defendant on 8 September 2009 , how she downloaded further copies of each of those six films in May 2009 .
In a second witness statement dated 8 January 2010 and served on the defendant on 8 January 2010 , Ms Sidhu explained that copies of five of those six films were still available on Newzbin in December 2009 .
At trial both Ms Sidhu and Mr Jenkins confirmed in the course of their evidence that the contents of their statements were true and that evidence was not challenged .
Feasibility of filtering Newzbin content
Subsistence of and title to copyright
i ) first claimant : " 27 Dresses " ; ii ) second claimant : " Atonement " ; iii ) third claimant : " 300 " ; iv ) fourth claimant : " Cloverfield " ; v ) fifth claimant : " National Treasure : Book of Secrets " ; vi ) sixth claimant : " Spiderman 3 " .
The claims
i ) authorising acts of infringement by its members ; ii ) procuring , encouraging and entering into a common design with its members to infringe ; iii ) communicating the claimants ' copyright works to the public , namely the defendant 's members .
Authorisation
" Now features " high - speed dubbing " enabling you to make duplicate recordings from one cassette to another , record direct from any source and then make a copy and you can even make a copy of your favourite cassette . "
" The recording and playback of certain material may only be possible by permission .
Please refer to the Copyright Act 1956 , the Performers Protection Acts 1958 - 1972 . "
" In Monckton v. Pathe Freres Pathephone Ltd. [ 1914 ] 1 K.B. 395 , Buckley L.J. said , at p. 403 : " The seller of a record authorises , I conceive , the use of the record , and such use will be a performance of the musical work . "
In that case a performance of the musical work by the use of the record was bound to be an infringing use and the record was sold for that purpose .
In Evans v. Hulton ( 1924 ) 131 L.T. 534 , 535 , Tomlin J. said that :
" where a man sold the rights in relation to a manuscript to another with a view to its production , and it was in fact produced , both the English language and common sense required him to hold that this man had ' authorised ' the printing and publication . "
The object of the sale , namely publication , was bound to infringe .
In Falcon v. Famous Players Film Co. [ 1926 ] 2 K.B. 474 , the defendants hired to a cinema a film based on the plaintiff 's play .
It was held that the defendants infringed the plaintiff 's exclusive right conferred by the Copyright Act 1911 to authorise a performance of the play .
Here again , the hirer sold the use which was only capable of being an infringing use .
Bankes L.J. , at p. 491 , following Monckton v. Pathe Freres Pathephone Ltd. and Evans v. Hulton , accepted that for the purpose of the Act of 1911 the expression " authorise " meant " sanction , approve , and countenance . "
Atkin L.J. said , at p. 499 :
" to ' authorise ' means to grant or purport to grant to a third person the right to do the act complained of , whether the intention is that the grantee shall do the act on his own account , or only on account of the grantor ; . . . "
In the present case , Amstrad did not sanction , approve or countenance an infringing use of their model and I respectfully agree with Atkin L.J. and with Lawton L.J. in the present case [ 1986 ] F.5.R. 159 , 207 that in the context of the Copyright Act 1956 an authorisation means a grant or purported grant , which may be express or implied , of the right to do the act complained of .
Amstrad conferred on the purchaser the power to copy but did not grant or purport to grant the right to copy .
In Moorhouse v. University of New South Wales [ 1976 ] R.P.C. 151 in the High Court of Australia where the facilities of a library included a photocopying machine , Gibbs J. said , at p. 159 :
" a person who has under his control the means by which an infringement of copyright may be committed - such as a photocopying machine - and who makes it available to other persons , knowing , or having reason to suspect , that it is likely to be used for the purpose of committing an infringement , and omitting to take reasonable steps to limit its use to legitimate purposes , would authorise any infringement that resulted from its use . "
Whatever may be said about this proposition , Amstrad have no control over the use of their models once they are sold .
In this country the duties of some libraries are defined by the Copyright ( Libraries ) Regulations 1957 ( S.I. 1957 No. 868 ) made under section 15 of the Act of 1956 .
In C.B.S. Inc. v. Ames Records & Tapes Ltd. [ 1982 ] Ch. 91 , Whitford J. held that a record library which lent out records and simultaneously offered blank tapes for sale at a discount did not authorise the infringement of copyright in the records .
He said , at p. 106 :
" Any ordinary person would , I think , assume that an authorisation can only come from somebody having or purporting to have authority and that an act is not authorised by somebody who merely enables or possibly assists or even encourages another to do that act , but does not purport to have any authority which he can grant to justify the doing of the act . "
This precisely describes Amstrad .
In RCA Corporation v. John Fairfax & Sons Ltd. [ 1982 ] R.P.C. 91 in the High Court of Australia , Kearney J. , at p. 100 , approved a passage in Laddie , Prescott & Vitoria , The Modern Law of Copyright ( 1980 ) , para .
12.9 , p. 403 , in these terms :
" a person may be said to authorise another to commit an infringement if the one has some form of control over the other at the time of infringement or , if he has no such control , is responsible for placing in the other 's hands materials which by their nature are almost inevitably to be used for the purpose of infringement . "
This proposition seems to me to be stated much too widely .
As Whitford J. pointed out in the Ames case , at p. 107 :
" you can home tape from bought records , borrowed records , borrowed from friends or public libraries , from the playing of records over the radio , and indeed , at no expense , from records which can be obtained for trial periods on introductory offers from many record clubs who advertise in the papers , who are prepared to let you have up to three or four records for a limited period of trial , free of any charge whatsoever . "
These borrowed records together with all recording machines and blank tapes could be said to be " materials which by their nature are almost inevitably to be used for the purpose of an infringement . "
But lenders and sellers do not authorise infringing use .
For these reasons , which are to be found also in the judgments of the Court of Appeal , at pp. 207 , 210 and 217 , I am satisfied that Amstrad did not authorise infringement . "
" . the matters that must be taken into account include the following :
( a ) the extent ( if any ) of the person 's power to prevent the doing of the act concerned ;
( b ) the nature of any relationship existing between the person and the person who did the act concerned ;
( c ) whether the person took any other reasonable steps to prevent or avoid the doing of the act , including whether the person complied with any relevant industry codes of practice . "
This brings me to a number of aspects of Newzbin which I consider to be of particular importance .
In relation to binary content , Newzbin provides premium members with a facility which extends considerably beyond indexing and categorisation .
It identifies all ( or in the case of the RAW index , many ) of the , perhaps several thousand , messages which make up a particular binary work and , in so doing , saves those members the very substantial task of manually locating and identifying each of them separately .
Moreover , the reports in the Newzbin index provide a considerable body of very useful information in relation to each title .
They include descriptive information , the URL and an NFO file which identifies the individual user who posted the content to Usenet , the email address of that user , information from which the date on which the content was posted to Usenet can be deduced and the number of files making up the particular work .
Procurement and participation in a common design
" My Lords , joint infringers are two or more persons who act in concert with one another pursuant to a common design in the infringement .
In the present case there was no common design , Amstrad sold a machine and the purchaser or the operator of the machine decided the purpose for which the machine should from time to time be used .
The machine was capable of being used for lawful or unlawful purposes .
All recording machines and many other machines are capable of being used for unlawful purposes but manufacturers and retailers are not joint infringers if purchasers choose to break the law .
Since Amstrad did not make or authorise other persons to make a record embodying a recording in which copyright subsisted , Amstrad did not entrench upon the exclusive rights granted by the Act of 1956 to copyright owners and Amstrad were not in breach of the duties imposed by the Act . "
" My Lords , I accept that a defendant who procures a breach of copyright is liable jointly and severally with the infringer for the damages suffered by the plaintiff as a result of the infringement .
The defendant is a joint infringer ; he intends and procures and shares a common design that infringement shall take place .
A defendant may procure an infringement by inducement , incitement or persuasion .
But in the present case Amstrad do not procure infringement by offering for sale a machine which may be used for lawful or unlawful copying and they do not procure infringement by advertising the attractions of their machine to any purchaser who may decide to copy unlawfully .
Amstrad are not concerned to procure and cannot procure unlawful copying .
The purchaser will not make unlawful copies because he has been induced or incited or persuaded to do so by Amstrad .
The purchaser will make unlawful copies for his own use because he chooses to do so .
Amstrad 's advertisements may persuade the purchaser to buy an Amstrad machine but will not influence the purchaser 's later decision to infringe copyright .
Buckley L.J. observed in Belegging -en Exploitatiemaatschappij Lavender B.V. v. Witten Industrial Diamonds Ltd. , at p.65 , that " facilitating the doing of an act is obviously different from procuring the doing of an act . "
Sales and advertisements to the public generally of a machine which may be used for lawful or unlawful purposes , including infringement of copyright , cannot be said to " procure " all breaches of copyright thereafter by members of the public who use the machine .
Generally speaking , inducement , incitement or persuasion to infringe must be by a defendant to an individual infringer and must indentifiably procure a particular infringement in order to make the defendant liable as a joint infringer . "
" I use the words ' common design ' because they are readily to hand , but there are other expressions in the cases , such as ' concerted action ' or ' agreed on common action ' which will serve just as well .
The words are not to be construed as if they formed part of a statute .
They all convey the same idea .
This idea does not , as it seems to me , call for any finding that the secondary party has explicitly mapped out a plan with the primary offender .
Their tacit agreement will be sufficient .
Nor , as it seems to me , is there any need for a common design to infringe .
It is enough if the parties combine to secure the doing of acts which in the event prove to be infringements . "
" Mere assistance , even knowing assistance , does not suffice to make the ' secondary ' party liable as a joint tortfeasor with the primary party .
What he does must go further .
He must have conspired with the primary party or procured or induced his commission of the tort ; or he must have joined in the common design pursuant to which the tort was committed "
" The underlying concept for joint tortfeasance must be that the joint tortfeasor has been so involved in the commission of the tort as to make himself liable for the tort .
Unless he has made the infringing act his own , he has not himself committed the tort .
That notion seems to us what underlies all the decisions to which we were referred .
If there is a common design or concerted action or otherwise a combination to secure the doing of the infringing acts , then each of the combiners has made the act his own and will be liable .
Like the judge , we do not think that what was done by Meneghetti was sufficient .
It was merely acting as a supplier of goods to a purchaser which was free to do what it wanted with the goods .
Meneghetti did not thereby make MFI 's infringing acts its own . "
All of these cases were referred to in the recent decision of Arnold J in L'Oréal v eBay [ 2009 ] EWHC 1094 , [ 2009 ] RPC 21 .
In this action L'Oréal advanced a number of claims arising from the sale through the eBay online marketplace of goods bearing L'Oréal 's trade marks .
One of the issues which arose was whether eBay was liable for trade mark infringement as a joint tortfeasor with the sellers of such goods .
Arnold J rejected this claim on the facts , essentially because eBay was under no legal duty to prevent infringement and facilitation of infringement with knowledge and an intention to profit was not enough to render it liable .
Infringement by communication to the public
" 20 .
Infringement by communication to the public
" (1 ) The communication to the public of the work is an act restricted by the copyright in -
( a ) a literary , dramatic , musical or artistic work ,
( b ) a sound recording or film , and
( c ) a broadcast .
(2) References in this Part to communication to the public are to communication to the public by electronic transmission , and in relation to a work include
( a ) the broadcasting of the work ;
( b ) the making available to the public of the work by electronic transmission in such a way that members of the public may access it from a place and at a time individually chosen by them . "
" 1. Member States shall provide authors with the exclusive right to authorise or prohibit any communication to the public of their works , by wire or wireless means , including the making available to the public of their works in such a way that members of the public may access them from a place and at a time individually chosen by them .
2. Member States shall provide for the exclusive right to authorise or prohibit the making available to the public , by wire or wireless means , in such a way that members of the public may access them from a place and at a time individually chosen by them :
( a ) for performers , of fixations of their performances ;
( b ) for phonogram producers , of their phonograms ;
( c ) for the producers of the first fixations of films , of the original and copies of their films ;
( d ) for broadcasting organisations , of fixations of their broadcasts , whether these broadcasts are transmitted by wire or over the air , including by cable or satellite .
3 . The rights referred to in paragraphs 1 and 2 shall not be exhausted by any act of communication to the public or making available to the public as set out in this Article . "
" (9 ) Any harmonisation of copyright and related rights must take as a basis a high level of protection , since such rights are crucial to intellectual creation .
Their protection helps to ensure the maintenance and development of creativity in the interests of authors , performers , producers , consumers , culture , industry and the public at large .
Intellectual property has therefore been recognised as an integral part of property .
( 10 ) If authors or performers are to continue their creative and artistic work , they have to receive an appropriate reward for the use of their work , as must producers in order to be able to finance this work .
The investment required to produce products such as phonograms , films or multimedia products , and services such as ' on - demand ' services , is considerable .
Adequate legal protection of intellectual property rights is necessary in order to guarantee the availability of such a reward and provide the opportunity for satisfactory returns on this investment . "
" ( 23 ) This Directive should harmonise further the author 's right of communication to the public .
This right should be understood in a broad sense covering all communication to the public not present at the place where the communication originates .
This right should cover any such transmission or retransmission of a work to the public by wire or wireless means , including broadcasting .
This right should not cover any other acts .
( 24 ) The right to make available to the public subject - matter referred to in Article 3 ( 2 ) should be understood as covering all acts of making available such subject - matter to members of the public not present at the place where the act of making available originates , and as not covering any other acts . "
The scope of Article 3 of the Directive 2001 / 29 / EC was considered by the European Court of Justice ( the " ECJ " ) in Case C-306/05 Sociedad General de Autores v Editores de España ( SGAE ) v Rafael Hoteles SA [ 2006 ] ECR I - 11519 .
SGAE , the body responsible for the management of intellectual property rights in Spain , complained that the installation and use of television sets in the Rafael hotel involved the communication to the public of works falling within the repertoire which it managed .
On appeal , the Audienca Provincial ( Provincial Court ) of Barcelona referred to the ECJ a series of questions , one of which asked , essentially , whether the transmission of a broadcast signal through television sets to customers in hotel rooms constitutes communication to the public within the meaning of Article 3 ( 1 ) ; another asked , essentially , whether the mere installation of television sets in hotel rooms constituted such an act .
In considering these questions , the ECJ reiterated at [ 36 ] that communication to the public must be interpreted broadly :
" 36 .
It follows from the 23rd recital in the preamble to Directive 2001 / 29 that " communication to the public " must be interpreted broadly .
Such an interpretation is moreover essential to achieve the principal objective of that Directive , which , as can be seen from its ninth and tenth recitals , is to establish a high level of protection of , inter alios , authors , allowing them to obtain an appropriate reward for the use of their works , in particular on the occasion of communication to the public . "
" 40 It should also be pointed out that a communication made in circumstances such as those in the main proceedings constitutes , according to Art.11 bis( 1 ) ( ii ) of the Berne Convention , a communication made by a broadcasting organisation other than the original one .
Thus , such a transmission is made to a public different from the public at which the original act of communication of the work is directed , that is , to a new public . "
" 42 .
The clientele of a hotel forms such a new public .
The transmission of the broadcast work to that clientele using television sets is not just a technical means to ensure or improve reception of the original broadcast in the catchment area .
On the contrary , the hotel is the organisation which intervenes , in full knowledge of the consequences of its action , to give access to the protected work to its customers .
In the absence of that intervention , its customers , although physically within that area , would not , in principle , be able to enjoy the broadcast work .
43 .
It follows from Art.3 ( 1 ) of Directive 2001 / 29 and Art.8 of the WIPO Copyright Treaty that for there to be communication to the public it is sufficient that the work is made available to the public in such a way that the persons forming that public may access it .
Therefore , it is not decisive , contrary to the submissions of Rafael and Ireland , that customers who have not switched on the television have not actually had access to the works .
44 . Moreover , it is apparent from the documents submitted to the court that the action by the hotel by which it gives access to the broadcast work to its customers must be considered an additional service performed with the aim of obtaining some benefit .
It can not be seriously disputed that the provision of that service has an influence on the hotel 's standing and , therefore , on the price of rooms .
Therefore , even taking the view , as does the Commission of the European Communities , that the pursuit of profit is not a necessary condition for the existence of a communication to the public , it is in any event established that the communication is of a profit - making nature in circumstances such as those in the main proceedings . "
" 46 While the mere provision of physical facilities , usually involving , besides the hotel , companies specialising in the sale or hire of television sets , does not constitute , as such , a communication within the meaning of Directive 2001 / 29 , the installation of such facilities may nevertheless make public access to broadcast works technically possible .
Therefore , if , by means of television sets thus installed , the hotel distributes the signal to customers staying in its rooms , then communication to the public takes place , irrespective of the technique used to transmit the signal . "
Conclusion on liability
Flagrancy
Scope of the injunction in respect of infringement
It is the defendant 's intention to make available through Newzbin all films posted on Usenet , so inevitably including the copyright films in the claimants ' repertoire both now and in the future .
This plainly constitutes a general threat to infringe the claimants ' present and future copyrights .
I also have in mind Mr Clark 's unchallenged evidence that it would be a straightforward exercise for the defendant to filter the content of Newzbin by reference to a database provided by the claimants .
In these circumstances I have come to the conclusion that it would be appropriate to grant an injunction by reference to the claimants ' repertoire , and that such an injunction is necessary to provide the claimants with effective relief .
I will consider the precise terms of the injunction including any suitable and necessary safeguards in the light of further argument .
Injunctions against service providers
" 97A Injunctions against service providers
(1) The High Court ( in Scotland , the Court of Session ) shall have power to grant an injunction against a service provider , where that service provider has actual knowledge of another person using their service to infringe copyright .
(2) In determining whether a service provider has actual knowledge for the purpose of this section , a court shall take into account all matters which appear to it in the particular circumstances to be relevant and , amongst other things , shall have regard to 
( a ) whether a service provider has received a notice through a means of contact made available in accordance with regulation 6 ( 1 ) ( c ) of the Electronic Commerce ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2002 ( SI 2001/2013 ) ; and
( b ) the extent to which any notice includes -
( i ) the full name and address of the sender of the notice ;
( ii ) details of the infringement in question .
(3) In this section " service provider " has the meaning given to it by regulation 2 of the Electronic Commerce ( EC Directive ) Regulations 2002 . "
" Member States shall ensure that rightholders are in a position to apply for an injunction against intermediaries whose services are used by a third party to infringe a copyright or related right . "
" In the digital environment , in particular , the services of intermediaries may increasingly be used by third parties for infringing activities .
In many cases such intermediaries are best placed to bring such infringing activities to an end .
Therefore , without prejudice to any other sanctions and remedies available , rightholders should have the possibility of applying for an injunction against an intermediary who carries a third party 's infringement of a protected work or other subject - matter in a network .
This possibility should be available even where the acts carried out by the intermediary are exempted under Article 5 .
The conditions and modalities relating to such injunctions should be left to the national law of the Member States . "
Carl Sjogreen delivered an extremely informative talk about how they built Google Calendar .
He covers everything from the initial customer interviews and research , to the vision they established for the product , the development iterations they went through , the launch and post - launch reflection .
I had a couple of questions that there were n’t time for and I ’ve thrown those in the end in case Carl comes across this and can answer then .
Here are my detailed notes …
— — — — ——
–
How did we build Google Calendar ?
Quick Demo
Manage your own personal schedule and share it with other people
Moved a lot of desktop metaphors and moved them to the web .
Invested a lot in this .
Also invested a lot in natural language ( quickadd )
Also focused a lot on sharing
In the beginning …
– a largely classic Google product team
– 1 product manager and 3 engineers
– Origin was from both customer feedback and internal interest
– Seemed like a space with little innovation — nothing out there was “ right ” –> exactly the kind of opportunity Google looks for
Okay now I ’ve got a team and a vague idea : “ Google should do something in the Calendar space ” What next ?
— — —-
The Road to Google Calendar : Talking to Customers
– First thing ’s first — go talk to “ real ” customers
– sounds cliche but it ’s amazing how little it ’s really done
– real customers , not your silicon valley geek buddies
– Spoke to many people , sometimes even in their homes
– students , families , schools , working couples , PTA organizers
– tried to find a whole spectrum of different technical backgrounds
– keep probing : busy is not the same as “ needs a calendar ”
– Key themes emerged quickly :
– Calendars are necessary but just a chore
– calendars are personal and emotional
– calendar “ collaboration ” is just too hard
—
I interview a lot of product managers and one of my favorite interview questions is :
How do you go from an idea to a product ?
One of the things that a lot of people miss is establishing a vision .
This is the thing that says that if we do n’t get anything else right , this is what we ’re going to do well .
Our Vision
– Set out to build a calendar that works for you
– fast , visually appealing and joyous to use
– drop dead simple to get information into the calendar
– more than boxes on a screen ( reminders , invitations , etc . )
– easy to share so you can see your whole life in one place
– Designed for a consumer world where not everyone has a calendar ( or one on the same system )
– open APIs ( import and publish )
– invitations for everyone
— — — — — — ——
–
The Road to Google Calendar : Development
– Vision in hand , we set off to turn an idea into reality
– Lots and lots of prototyping
– PHP , MySQL , no Google infrastructure
– relatively easy to get basic system up and running : details are hard
– focused on getting interactions and user model right before thinking about scale ( a significant challenge for us )
– Internal Use : Pros & Cons
– Got a ton of great feedback from other Googlers
– Got the interaction basics right & generated a lot of feature ideas
– However , keep in mind that your early user might be not your target users
— — — — — — ——
–
Once we felt we had it mostly right , worked on making it real
– backend infrastructure designed for scale ( ie “ Google Infrastructure ” )
– front - end / UI rewrite to pixel perfect mocks + static HTML
– doing all the hard parts ( recurrences , parsing icals , API testing , interop , etc . )
Worked on our UI design in stages as well
– Get the interactions down and try them out
– Focus on the look & feel while engineers are making it real
– Save the pixel pushing ( fine alignment on the user interface ) for when you know you have it right
— — — — — — ——
–
Private betas are a good thing
– Even with all of our internal testing we learned a ton from testing with a small group of “ real users ”
– Quickadd improvements ( being smart is n’t always the best )
– Underestimated the importance of import
– Fixed a bunch of issues with SMS alerts ( tough to test because of all the carriers )
– Better support for small screens ( screen density was really important )
Launch day : 4/12/2006
– Flipped the switch , and did n’t sleep for the next 36 hours !
6 key insights that might be useful for your next product or company
1. Easy is the most important feature
– “ simple things should be simple and complex things should be possible ” ALan Kay , Disney
– Always have an eye on the minimum useful feature set that most people will use
– talk to grandma in NYC
– a mother loved quickadd ( & then prints out the calendar for the fridge )
– Product usage tracks directly to how easy a feature is to find & use
– creating calendars = easy
– finding calendars = not easy enough
– Figure out what you absolutely have to get right and relentlessly refine it
– Redesigned the “ event page ” at least 3 times
– Kept adding new ways to get events into the system up until days before we launched
– Do n’t spend too much time on less importnat area
– Know where you ’ll get the most bang for the buck
2 . Know your real competition
– know what your real competition does well
– we spent a lot of time looking at the market — online and desktop
– but the competition that keeps me up at night is paper
– ~6 billion people in the world , all who have things going on in their lives
– ~300 billion desktop calendars
– Non-tech and low - tech mechanisms are the way that most people communicate and interact
– email vs. evite
– notepad vs. tada lists
– the ktichen calendar vs. google calendar
– paper has a bunch of great advantages that you need to beat
– easy to carry with you
– does n’t require boot time
– does n’t require a login
– focus on removing the hurdles to adoption
– import , offline , mobile , etc .
– mimic the flexibility of paper
– focus on what the web can do that paper can ’t
– collaboration
– access from anywhere
3. Visual design matters
“ Great Design ” it ’s that ineffeable quality that certain incredibly successful product have that makes people fall in love with them desptie their flaws . ”
– Joel Spolsky
– great design = usability + visual joy
– ipod vs. everyone else
4. Build products for people who do n’t want to use them
– Not everyone who can benefit from your service actually wants to use it
– change behaviour and workflows are very hard
– Need to make it as easy as possible for people to use your product with as little work as possible
– Get your product in front of the applications people use every day
– And then make it painless for peopel to start using your product without fully switching into a new way of doing things
– Google Personalized Module is a great way to get traffic , by the way … they get a ton of traffic from there .
5 . Timing launch properly
– launch early and often is the mantra of web companies
– it IS a fundamental structural differences that sets web companies apart from packaged software
– However the old adage of “ you can only launch once ” still applies
– leverage internal testing and private betas to get feedback early , but …
– make sure that you have something worthwhile once you land on digg / techcrunch / etc .
– launching is hard to do ( it ’s never an easy call )
– in our case , expectations were very high
– should we have waited for sync for example
– ask yourself if you could really …
6. Driving usage
– We have a steady rate of new users signing up daily with very little marketing
– How ?
Made it easy for there to be touchpoints everywhere .
( buttons on 3rd party sites , send invites , etc. : many touchpoints ) )
– Think about how your product can generate touchpoints that eten beyond your app [ ( and make iteasy to do so )
– social reinforcement is key for validation
– relentlessly remove account sign - ups
– this is pretty obvious but it was surprising to me how much of a barrier accounts can be
— — — — — ——
My questions
— WHAT PERIOD OF TIME DID THIS SPAN ?
— HOW MANY PEOPLE OVER THE SPAN OF THE PROJECT ?
— HOW WERE DECISIONS MADE ON UI ?
— WERE THERE OTHER PRODUCT MANAGERS LIKE YOU THAT WERE RESPONSIBLE FOR PORTIONS OF THE EXPERIENCE ?
