The cops were operating with a 1987 mindset ( or perhaps it was 1927 ) when more than a dozen of them , carrying loaded weapons , conducted a simultaneous raid aimed at what is , at worst , a clerical error .
I usually do n't ask this of police , but :
Is this really the best use of all that manpower ?
Was the public somehow endangered by the sale of an unregistered German lager ?
( CNN ) -- Simply put , Margaret Moth made an impression .
Given her jet - black hair , thick black eyeliner , black clothes and combat boots ( which she often slept in while on assignment ) , people did n't always know what to think upon meeting her .
She was quirky , the sort who excused herself from a social gathering by saying she had to wash her socks .
And she was fearless , the kind of woman who not only kept the camera rolling while under fire , but zoomed in on a soldier who was shooting at her .
Colleagues learned quickly to appreciate all that this CNN camerawoman was .
Beyond her rich personality , which included deep optimism and kindness , she brought to her profession top - notch technical abilities , unmatched dedication and an approach to work that inspired others to push themselves .
CNN colleagues honor Moth
Moth sought out , even demanded , assignments in conflict zones .
She barely survived being shot in the face in Sarajevo in 1992 , only to go back as soon as she was physically able .
The multiple reconstructive surgeries that followed , as well as the hepatitis C she contracted from a consequent blood transfusion , were mere obstacles she moved around .
But more than three years after being diagnosed with colon cancer , her tremendous life journey has come to an end .
Moth , known for her gutsiness , striking appearance , distinctive humor and sense of fun , died early Sunday in Rochester , Minnesota .
She was 59 .
" Dying of cancer , I would have liked to think I 'd have gone out with a bit more flair , " she said with a laugh last spring during an interview with a CNN documentary crew that had traveled to Texas , where she was visiting friends .
" The important thing is to know that you 've lived your life to the fullest , " she said then , before tubing down a river in Austin , Texas ; taking jaunts to Cape Cod and the Canadian Rockies ; and piloting a houseboat up the Mississippi River -- replete with beer and Cuban cigars .
" I do n't know anyone who 's enjoyed life more . "
Born Margaret Wilson in Gisborne , New Zealand , to a homemaker and a man who made swimming pools , she got her first camera at age 8 .
She later changed her name to Margaret Gipsy Moth , a nod to the airplane , which was appropriate for a woman who had a penchant for jumping out of planes , barefoot .
She said she never aspired to be a photojournalist .
Rather her path , she explained , was mostly driven by a love of history and her desire to see it unfold firsthand .
Whether she was amid rioters after Indira Gandhi 's assassination or covering a long menu of wars spanning continents , Moth felt she and her colleagues were the lucky ones .
" You could be a billionaire , and you could n't pay to do the things we 've done , " said Moth , who had most recently called Istanbul , Turkey , home .
Reported to be New Zealand 's first camerawoman , she came to the U.S. and worked for KHOU in Houston , Texas , for about seven years before moving to CNN in 1990 .
When other photojournalists dived behind cars as militiamen opened fire on protesters in Tbilisi , Georgia , she stood her ground and kept her camera running .
As a band of medical professionals defied Israeli tanks and armored vehicles , marching into then - Palestinian Authority President Yasser Arafat 's compound in the West Bank , she got in the middle of the group , joined them and helped nab an exclusive interview .
When many around her slept in Sarajevo , she set to work in a destroyed hotel room , filming with a night scope through holes blown out by artillery fire , hiding herself and camera from the eyes of snipers .
The Serbian sniper bullet that did hit Moth while she was traveling along " sniper alley " in Sarajevo shattered her jaw , blew out her teeth and destroyed a portion of her tongue -- which left her forever sounding like she was drunk , she said .
Others got angry , as the van she traveled in was clearly marked as a press vehicle , but she refused to go there .
" ' We came into their war .
Fair 's fair , ' " former CNN correspondent Stefano Kotsonis , who was with her when she was shot , remembered her saying .
" ' I do n't blame anyone for firing at me .
They 're in a war , and I stepped into it . ' "
Her attitude made other colleagues , many of whom were interviewed for the documentary " Fearless : The Margaret Moth Story , " strive to be better at what they did .
Sound techs and correspondents would often follow her lead , whether they felt ready or not .
She was known to outrun her own security .
Photojournalists viewed her as a bar - setter .
Another of CNN 's international camerawomen remembers Moth
Christiane Amanpour , CNN 's chief international correspondent , who'd been away from Sarajevo when her friend was shot , was sitting at Moth 's hospital bedside when an assignment editor from the international desk called .
He wanted to know if Amanpour was ready to return to the conflict zone , she recalled for the documentary about Moth .
" I said I 'd go back , and I know to this day that if I had n't said yes then , I probably never would have gone back , and I never would have done this career .
But I said yes because I could n't say no , " Amanpour remembered , fighting back tears .
" We did the work for her .
We did it because she was our champion , and we wanted to be her champion . "
Sure enough , as soon as Moth could carry a camera again , six months later , she went straight back to Sarajevo to join her CNN colleagues .
She joked that she was there to find her teeth .
Moth maintained her humor amid madness and helped others smile and unwind when the surroundings could make levity seem impossible .
She enlisted a producer to go rollerblading with her on the marble floors of a Baghdad , Iraq , hotel lobby .
She forced colleagues to tell her who they 'd rather sleep with , while giving them horrifying choices .
She liked to kick back with fine cigars and could drink others under the table .
Despite her tough exterior , there was insecurity , a vanity to her .
No matter where she was , Moth rose early to do her eye makeup and hair .
Forever worried about her weight , she picked at a block of cheese in Bosnia for about six weeks and got by on mango juice during a stretch in the West Bank .
She admitted that after being shot , she was more afraid of what she 'd look like than she was of dying .
Enveloped in bandages , she slipped her dear friend Joe Duran a note asking him if she looked like a monster .
But she often worried about others more than herself .
Moth enjoyed working with seasoned correspondents but also looked out for those who were new .
In Pakistan , she taught Patty Sabga to sleep behind couches and talked her through everything she was shooting to help Sabga build her stories .
And in Afghanistan , she carefully led the former CNN correspondent through rubble that probably hid land mines .
" She took such incredible care of me and taught me so much , " Sabga said .
" I can honestly say that the work I did with Margaret Moth is still the very best work of my career . "
Moth repeatedly visited the doctor who saved her life .
And she boosted the spirits and changed the attitude of another CNN photojournalist , David Allbritton , when he was seriously injured by a bomb in Sarajevo in 1995 .
" She made me realize that I was going to get through this , " he said .
" She set an example by overcoming everything that 's happened to her .
... I took that example , and I 'm shooting today .
I 'm not sure that I would be doing what I 'm doing today if it had not been for Margaret Moth . "
Her chosen lifestyle did n't leave room for children of her own , but she bonded with them across the globe .
And her love of animals was so deep that she refused to ride in a horse - pulled wagon , preferring to run with heavy equipment in the desert heat while on assignment in Petra , Jordan .
In fact , when it became clear that the advanced cancer would end her life , the concern that drove her to tears was her cats -- the more than 25 strays she looked after in Istanbul .
" She was more upset about them than she was about dying , " said Duran , who rushed to her side after she 'd been medevaced out of Sarajevo .
But when Duran , also a CNN cameraman , moved into her home in Turkey with the promise that he'd care for the cats , he said Moth told him , " ' Now I can die happy . ' "
Duran was by Moth 's side when she died .
He said he will be taking her ashes back to Istanbul , where he will place them in her garden , beside a photograph of her .
There , as she wanted , she 'll be able to hang out with her cats .
There were a few things Moth wished she had done .
She would have liked to have seen the Krak des Chevaliers , a medieval fortress in Syria , and the Burundi drummers .
But regrets ?
She had none .
She " led the complete life , " Amanpour said .
" I do n't think Margaret could ever look back and say , ' What if ? '
She did it to the max , and she did it brilliantly .
And she did it on her terms . "
CNN colleagues and friends of Margaret Moth contributed to this report .
For months , Wall Street banks and the troubled automakers feverishly protested that their top executives would flee if they were not lavishly rewarded for their talents .
New data , however , suggests the departures were more of a trickle than a flood .
Of the 104 senior executives whose pay was set by the federal pay regulator in the last two years , 88 executives , or nearly 85 percent , are still with the companies even though their pay was drastically cut back , according to people briefed on the government data .
The relative stability , at least within the executive suite , suggests that a soft job market , corporate loyalty and personal pride helped deter the feared management exodus at the companies hardest hit by the pay rules .
Kenneth R. Feinberg , the special master for executive compensation , is expected to release those findings on Tuesday when he formally approves the 2010 pay packages for last year ’s 25 highest earners at five companies that received multiple bailouts .
By the end of next month , he is expected to complete the formula that those companies will use to set the pay of the next 75 highest paid employees .
What is a Speed Trap ?
Detailed research by the U.S. Department of Commerce has shown that the safest rate of travel is a few miles per hour above the average traffic speed .
Enforced speed limits set below that average speed are speed traps , sacrificing safety for revenue .
MANICURES are n’t known for being everlasting .
They chip .
They smudge .
Sometimes a nail is ruined even before you get home from the salon .
So it was curious to hear Michelle Mismas , who writes the nail - focused blog alllacqueredup.com , describe the indestructibility of a recent manicure .
“ When I was wearing it , I beat my hands up , and I could n’t get a scratch , ” she said by phone .
“ I was banging into things on purpose to see if I could trash it . ”
Two weeks out , her dark raisin hue was the same shiny perfection .
How ?
She was wearing Shellac , a soak - off hybrid between a gel and polish that will make its debut on May 1 in 2,000 salons nationwide .
( She had a free sneak peek during New York Fashion Week in February . )
Image
The shellac is applied to nails like normal fingernail polish .
Credit ... Donna Alberico for The New York Times
The product — the latest entry in a newish category of soak - off gels — has been five years in the making by Creative Nail Design , or CND .
The company mixed one - of - a- kind shades for runway models in the shows by Marc Jacobs and Jason
Wu this year .
Writing for the Times of London , Eleanor Mills admits that she , and many of her female peers , were raised to value their careers , " but now , and often too late , we are realising that no job will ever love you back . "
Advertisement
Mills , who is 39 , notes that her own mother made her brothers play with dolls , while she was given a computer to play with , a gender role challenge she says many of her peers were given as well , as her friends ' feminist mothers pushed them to step outside of expected domestic duties and challenge themselves in traditionally male areas .
" One feminist mother of a friend of mine never let her daughter clear the table or wash up , " she writes , " her brothers were expected to do it - because she did n't want her daughter to think domestic chores were women 's work . "
And while Mills is quick to point out that her friends have gone on to great successes , career wise , as a result , she also notes that many of them are struggling personally , ending up alone and childless in their 40s and regretting some of the choices they 've made .
It 's an odd article , as Mills is writing it from the perspective of a married mother , and most of her insight seems to be sprinkled with smug married syndrome and a dash of " oh , poor thing " pity for women who did n't choose to follow the same path .
She repeatedly expresses a sadness for childless women , going so far as to assume that one of her child - free friends is pulling away from her and other mothers as " if my biological clock were ticking out , the last person I 'd want to see is a married mate with three kids . "
Advertisement
Mills ' language strikes me as a bit extreme throughout the piece ; in one paragraph , she seems to paint all 40 - something single women as Scary Sadshaws who can't fill the holes in their personal life with the shoes in their closets and such : " As they stare into a barren future , many singletons wish they 'd put some of the focus and drive that has furnished them with sparkling careers , worn - out passports and glamorous social lives into the more mundane business of having a family . "
Who are these " many singletons ? "
There are no quotes from any in Mills ' piece ; just an observation she seems to have made based on her own projections of the inner lives of single women .
She goes on to ask " what went wrong ? " and wraps up with " I wish all my single girlfriends luck in finding a husband and having two healthy babies in their forties .
But fairytale endings are hard to come by . "
I can understand the underlying point of Mills ' argument ; that perhaps girls need to be reminded that family should be as much of a priority as career , and that we should not attempt to diminish one by promoting the other .
But everything about her article , including the title , " Learning To Be Left On The Shelf , " implies that there is something wrong with a woman who chooses one over the other , or a woman whose idea of " happily ever after " does n't include a husband and 2.2 children .
Perhaps instead of pitying women for the choices they 've made , or blaming them for not being able to make " the right " choices and find " the right " balance , we should continue challenging the societal standards that STILL make it so difficult for women to do and have both , or either , including the disapproving stares of other women who take their own fairytale endings and try to apply them to everyone else 's lives .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Learning To Be Left On The Shelf [ TimesOnline ]
CHICAGO -- The Detroit Red Wings and Phoenix Coyotes are as disparate as NHL franchises can be .
The Red Wings have a rich history and a wealth of playoff experience .
The Coyotes last qualified for the postseason in 2002 and have n't won a round since 1987 , when they were the Winnipeg Jets .
Detroit labeled itself Hockeytown .
The Coyotes , in constant danger of relocating , filed for bankruptcy last year and are owned by the NHL .
So it will be a clash of different hockey cultures when the teams meet in the first round of the playoffs in a series that starts either Wednesday or Thursday .
Games 1 and 2 are in Glendale , Ariz .
By defeating the Chicago Blackhawks 3 - 2 Sunday afternoon on Brad Stuart 's goal at 3:11 of overtime at the United Center , the Red Wings clinched the fifth playoff seed in the Western Conference with 102 points , drawing the surprising No. 4 seed Coyotes , who finished with a franchise - record 107 points .
" They 're not much of a surprise in the fact that once you saw them get started and get rolling , they 've been playing well all year , '' Red Wings coach Mike Babcock said .
" Dave Tippett is a real good coach , done a really good job .
They 're solid in net ( with Ilya Bryzgalov ) .
They 've done a good job to add players .
You do n't get as many points as they have and win every night like they have unless you 're a real good team . ''
The Red Wings roll into the playoffs with a full head of steam and a 17 - 3 - 2 record in their past 22 games .
They were n't sharp in their regular - season finale , getting outshot 29 - 21 and needing another strong performance from goaltender Jimmy Howard .
But they continue finding ways to win .
The Blackhawks were denied a chance to finish first in the West .
They ended up second , one point behind San Jose , and will face Nashville in the opening round .
It did n't matter too much to the Red Wings who they drew -- Phoenix , Vancouver or San Jose .
They are a combined 8 - 1 - 3 this season against those clubs , including a 2 - 0 - 2 record vs. the Coyotes .
But they preferred Phoenix for travel ( slightly shorter flight ) and logistical reasons .
" For us , that ( travel ) is all we talked about , '' Babcock said .
" Let 's have the best travel we possibly can , whether it was going to be ( Phoenix ) or San Jose .
Our third choice , travel - wise , was Vancouver , because of ( having to clear ) Immigration , it 's an extra hour - and - a - half every time back and forth .
" Sometimes you get lucky enough and get what you want , but you better be careful what you want sometimes . ''
Stuart scored the winning goal by driving to the net from his position on defense , taking a pass from Dan Cleary and burying a shot past Antti Niemi .
" Hank ( Henrik Zetterberg ) held onto the puck and three guys migrated towards him , '' Stuart said .
" He made a great play to find Cleary and then Cleary drew the other guy to him and found me pretty much wide open .
I was n't going to miss that one . ''
The Red Wings had taken a 2 - 1 lead on Tomas Holmstrom 's 25th goal at 7:10 of the third period .
He deflected in a long wrist shot by Brian Rafalski after Pavel Datsyuk won an offensive - zone faceoff .
The lead was short - lived , as Colin Fraser scored at 10:44 .
Marian Hossa made a cross-ice pass to Fraser , who was rushing the net and was tied up by Stuart .
The puck , however , went in off Fraser 's right skate .
The goal was allowed to stand after video review , as officials ruled that Fraser did not intentionally direct the puck into the net with his skate .
The Blackhawks dominated the second period , outshooting the Red Wings 16 - 3 , but Detroit scored the lone goal to tie it at 1 - 1. Patrick Eaves crashed the net and banged in a loose puck that Niemi could not control following a shot by Cleary .
Chicago opened the scoring on the power play at 14:56 of the first period when Dave Bolland knocked in the puck from the crease during a scramble .
The Red Wings knew they had to win to finish fifth because Los Angeles had defeated Colorado 2 - 1 in overtime minutes before the end of this game .
" It 's definitely what we were playing for .
We wanted to finish higher up in the standings , '' Howard said .
" We felt like if we won this game we'd be starting the playoffs on the right foot . ''
Could a bridge over Dundas St. at Spadina in Chinatown solve the problem of pedestrian - car collisions and still maintain the cultural atmosphere of one of the most ethnically concentrated areas in the city ?
A team of University of Toronto engineering students think so .
The intersection is one of Toronto ’s worst , ranked 7th in the city for serious injuries to pedestrians – whether they cross with or without the light – who are hit by vehicles turning right .
The first - year students propose building a $ 530,000 pedestrian bridge that would run north - south on Spadina , taking people up and over Dundas St .
Bridges like this are “ rare to see here , but very common in large cities in China , ” said team member He Huang , who left that country only three years ago .
The proposal was presented this week at the University of Toronto engineering building as part of a year - end project for first - year students , who were asked to choose one of eight problems and create a design solution , based on the hypothetical premise that the city had money to implement it .
Topics included cyclist safety on Bloor St. , harnessing urban wind tunnels and building electric vehicle charging stations .
The concrete bridge would be enclosed by glass and rise 7.5 metres into the air , an elevation needed to clear the streetcar wires .
A wheelchair lift would be available on one of the four entrances and the bridge would take two minutes to cross .
Another proposal to redesign the intersection involved removing vendor stalls from the sidewalk and reserving the three - metre - wide space for pedestrians ; shifting the streetcar tracks over to allow the creation of a pedestrian island for streetcars and enhancing the crosswalk by replacing faded paint , changing the pavement texture and installing in - ground lights .
Mohammad Abdel , 18 , thought his team ’s proposal was feasible , especially in light of information he had discovered only two days ago .
“ Toronto is planning to reconstruct the streetcar tracks in 2011 , ” said Abdel , who redesigned the intersection with teammates Jirapat Likitlersuang , 19 and Susan Choi , 20 .
The city “ would have spent the money anyways , ” he said .
The following was published in the December 2009 issue of Game Developer magazine …
The surgery game Trauma Center was one of the earliest examples of how the Nintendo DS could change our industry .
By turning the stylus into a scalpel , the designers let players immerse themselves into the role of a doctor as never before .
Unfortunately , the game simulated the pressures of actual surgery as well by presenting staggeringly difficult , time - pressured levels .
Failure blocked the player ’s progress , which proved to be a fatal flaw for the game because there were no difficulty levels at all – no way for the player to decide what level of challenge was appropriate .
Considering the wide demographic of gamers today , from young children to seniors , this decision doomed the game to a tiny slice of the DS ’s audience .
Challenge has always been a core component of game design .
However , after video games left the arcades – in which quick difficulty ramps were a necessity of doing business – most designers realized that their games could appeal to more people if they tailored the challenge to meet the needs of the individual user .
Dynamic Difficulty
Call of Duty 4 , for example , measures the player ’s performance during the training level to suggest an appropriate difficulty level .
Other games – such as Left 4 Dead – have developed dynamic difficulty algorithms which adjust enemy spawns and health drops to the player ’s current situation and demonstrated skill .
However , dynamic difficulty can be a tricky proposition as – similarly to AI cheating – if the player can see the invisible hand controlling the challenge , the spell is broken .
Players need to perceive that they are improving against a fixed measuring stick .
The RPG Oblivion turned off many people by scaling the weapons and skills of enemies directly in relation to the player character ’s level .
Once this mechanic became obvious , many absurd strategies emerged , such as never leveling up to ensure that enemies always stayed weak .
More significantly , this dynamic ruined one of the core features of an RPG – power progression .
After developing advanced characters , players enjoy easily brushing aside monsters which earlier in the game could have destroyed them .
Elective Difficulty
Indeed , the core mechanic of RPG ’s – that the player character grows slowly in power after each successful battle – can be seen as a way to give players the ability to adjust the game ’s difficulty themselves .
Gamers who feel comfortable with the combat system can push ahead through levels at the edge of their abilities while players who prefer a more comfortable experience can grind their way to overpowered characters before proceeding .
Most importantly , this system puts the player in control , not the designer .
Although selecting a difficulty level at start was a simple , early innovation , only recently have games allowed players to switch between them during normal play .
On every third death in Ninja Gaiden Black , players could elect to drop to “ Ninja Dog ” mode , which weakened enemies but also forced Ryu to wear pink ribbons as punishment .
This mechanic – minus the mockery – was quickly adopted by other games , such as God of War .
Indeed , elective difficulty itself can be a core gameplay mechanic .
The browser - based Desktop Tower Defense has no difficulty levels at all but does allow the player to speed up the game ( and thereby increase the challenge ) by triggering attack waves prematurely .
Then , the final score is calculated from not just how many enemies were destroyed but also from how quickly the game finished .
Therefore , beating DTD on the default speed is just the beginning as players must learn how to master the speed - up mechanic to start improving their scores .
Orthogonal Challenges
While the difficulty levels of Thief do not determine the number of guards nor their awareness on a given level , they do specify the challenges the player sets for herself during the level .
For instance , the requirements of Easy may only be stealing a certain number of jewels and artifacts while Hard also necessitates finishing the level without killing a single guard .
These different modes suggest orthogonal challenges within the same game , a smart way to extend a game ’s life for the hard - core .
Other official examples include the One City Challenge and Always War options in Civilization 4 and the Hardcore mode ( with permanent death ) in Diablo 2 .
Indeed , Xbox Live Achievements provide a fantastic infrastructure for adding new challenges via unorthodox goals to games that might otherwise no longer interest core gamers .
Furthermore , other settings can adjust the challenge of a game without changing the difficulty , per se .
For example , a real - time strategy game could have both a difficulty setting and a speed setting , so a player could try a more difficult AI but at a slower speed if he did not enjoy time pressure .
One sadly forgotten setting is the complexity option that appeared in earlier games , such as M.U.L.E. and Lords of Conquest .
This option provided a simpler version of the game – with less types of resources , for example – but still with a fully - capable AI that could provide a challenge for new players .
Challenge and Punishment
However , some games choose to punish players on top of giving them a fair challenge .
Games without generous save systems , for instance , are vulnerable to being ruined by challenging sub-sections , which might require multiple attempts to pass .
If a player needs to repeat a lengthy but easy section ( or , more shamefully , a non-skippable cut- scene ) before getting to the difficult bit , the game is punishing the player instead of challenging him .
One of the most elegant solutions to this problem was the time control mechanic in Prince of Persia : Sand of Time , in which the player is able to rewind past mistakes a limited number of times to try again .
This system reduced the overhead of repeating a difficult jump to a relative minimum while still retaining tension because of the finite number of rewinds .
Another example of reducing punishment can be seen in the history of MMO’s .
World of Warcraft famously reduced the penalty for death found in its predecessors , such as Everquest and Ultima Online .
By removing corpse runs and experience loss , WoW enabled people to play the game they way they wanted to play it .
Instead of only attacking easy monsters which would never cause the loss of experience or loot , players could attempt a difficult battle knowing that , in the worst case , they would be warped back to a safe location .
Thus , games with severe penalties for failure can actually warp the core gameplay by strongly encouraging players to always choose the safe route .
Defense of the Ancient , the popular mod for Warcraft 3 , rewards the opposite team with gold every time a player is killed , which makes bumbling new players extremely unpopular with their teammates .
This simple dynamic makes the DotA community notoriously nasty and unpleasant , even by the meager standards of the Internet .
After Punishment
The strategy / puzzle hybrid Puzzle Quest took WoW ‘s forgiving nature to the logical extreme by removing all forms of punishment from the game entirely .
Players are even rewarded for losing battles , albeit much less than they would be for winning them .
In fact , this mechanic has an interesting side benefit ; Puzzle Quest has no need for a visible save system .
Because players are never penalized in any way , the game can comfortably auto - save after every battle or action , knowing that a player will never feel the need to revert to an earlier save .
Such a forgiving system is not for every game .
Bioshock used a similar mechanic by respawning dead players for free in Vita - Chambers placed throughout the game .
Furthermore , enemies health rates were not reset on a player respawn , which meant that the player could chip away at any enemy with any weapon , including the wrench , if she was willing to die and be reborn enough times .
This feature felt like an exploit to enough players that Irrational eventually patched in an option to disable Vita - Chambers .
However , the problem may have been with the expectations of Bioshock ‘s intended audience instead of any fundamental flaw with the respawn mechanic .
Lego Star
Wars uses an identical mechanic , which is perfect for the target audience of a dad and a son playing together in a forgiving environment .
For Bioshock , core gamers expected the game to force them to use advanced strategies to progress instead of an easy out .
Perhaps the best solution is to always allow players to progress but to rate their performance against some constant metric .
Elite Beat Agents hands out letter grades of S , A , B , C , and D for each song performance based on the player ’s timing .
The game continues as long as the player finishes the song , but few will not want to go back to try and improve .
If Trauma Center had only adopted such a simple system , the game may have become more than just an interesting footnote .
Designers should take care not to head down the same dead - end .
MONDAY , April 5 ( HealthDay News ) --
Each year , more than 900 preventable child deaths occur in the United States because too few mothers follow breast - feeding recommendations , a new study has found .
Child health problems associated with poor breast - feeding compliance cost the country $ 13 billion a year in direct health - care costs and indirect costs , such as missed time from work , according to the researchers at Cambridge Health Alliance in Massachusetts .
Of the 911 deaths per year cited in the report , 95 percent were infants and resulted from sudden infant death syndrome ( SIDS ) , lower respiratory tract infections ( such as pneumonia ) , and necrotizing enterocolitis , which is a disease that occurs primarily in preterm infants .
The study was published online April 5 in the journal Pediatrics .
Nearly 75 percent of U.S. mothers start to breast - feed , but only 32 percent breast - feed exclusively at three months , and that drops to 12 percent by six months .
At one year , only 22 percent of mothers are doing any breast - feeding , the study authors noted .
The medical recommendation is to breast - feed exclusively for six months with some breast - feeding for at least the first year of life .
" People should n't blame mothers because they are often not supported well , even from the moment their babies are born , " study author Dr. Melissa Bartick , a hospitalist at Cambridge Health Alliance and an instructor in medicine at Harvard Medical School , said in a news release .
The average U.S. hospital does a poor job of providing evidence - based care around infant feeding , according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
Other factors that make it difficult for mothers to follow breast - feeding recommendations include limited work , social and cultural support , as well as aggressive marketing of infant formula , Bartick said .
More information
The U.S. National Women 's Health Information Center has more about breast - feeding .
Former West Virginia Judge Eliott “ Spike ” Maynard , who spent a week or so frolicking on the French Riviera with Massey Energy CEO Don Blankenship a couple of years ago , is now running as a Republican to unseat incumbent Democratic Rep. Nick Rahall in the U.S. Congress .
Blankenship , a Tea Party backer , is being assailed as a notorious mine safety violator , responsible for the April 5 deaths of 29 miners in Massey ’s Upper Big Branch mine .
United Mine Workers President Cecil Roberts called for jailing Blankenship for sacrificing miners ’ lives to squeeze out maximum profits .
Maynard sent out a press release March 26 inviting former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin to a rally at a West Virginia mine in his campaign for the Republican nomination to oust Rahall , a strong proponent of coal miner safety and health .
Rahall , one of a handful of Arab Americans in Congress , is on Palin ’s infamous rifle scope “ crosshair map ” of 20 incumbent Democrats she has targeted for defeat in this fall ’s midterm election .
“ We would love to have Sarah Palin showcase modern mining as a clean , safe , and cheap way to produce energy , ” said Maynard .
“ She ’ll have to put on a hardhat but I ’m sure she wo n’t mind . ”
Maynard said he “ welcomes Governor Palin and her extensive Tea Party network , ” adding that Palin will “ help us engage and energize the voters that do n’t understand Obama , Pelosi , and Rahall ’s liberal agenda . ”
West Virginians , he continued , “ love Sarah because she has the same values we have .
She is against Obamacare and is for smaller government and she strongly supports coal and all other forms of cheap energy .
Remember , Sarah is the one who said , ‘ Drill baby , drill . ' ”
Maynard proclaims that the first bill he will introduce if elected will be to terminate all funding for the Environmental Protection Agency , which he accuses of waging “ war against coal . ”
After the Sago , W. Va. , mine disaster that killed 14 miners in January 2006 , Rahall was a leader in the drive to strengthen mine safety and health enforcement through mandatory penalties for mine owners guilty of “ reckless disregard for safety rules . ”
Rahall ’s bill would have sharply reduced permissible coal dust in mines , the cause of pneumoconiosis , or black lung , that has killed more than 10,000 miners in the past decade .
A 2007 report by the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health warned that the rate of black lung has more than doubled in five years , especially among younger miners .
Yet Republican obstruction forced the severe weakening of the bill in the face of a veto threat by then - President George W. Bush .
If the bill Rahall was pushing had not been gutted by GOP obstruction , the 29 miners who died in the April 5 explosion at Massey ’s Upper Big Branch mine might be alive today .
Maynard took the all expenses - paid vacation to Monte Carlo with Massey Energy CEO Don Blankenship in 2006 , while serving as a justice on the West Virginia Supreme Court .
The court was then hearing an appeal by Massey Energy against a $ 50 million jury verdict for Massey ’s unsafe , environmentally disastrous mining practices .
See
Blankenship had poured millions of Massey Energy money into electing Maynard and another handpicked candidate , Brent Benjamin , to the court .
Both Maynard and Benjamin voted to overturn the jury verdict – so brazen that the U.S. Supreme Court reversed that decision on grounds the West Virginia court violated rules requiring justices to recuse themselves in cases involving their own self - interest .
( See Crooks and Liars video : “ Massey Energy CEO So Determined To Win , He Financed Campaign For His Own Judge . ” )
Maynard served as chief justice of the West Virginia Supreme Court until 2008 , when he was defeated in the Democratic primary by two women , Margaret Workman ad Elizabeth Walker , who are now serving 12 - year terms .
Maynard claims he decided to switch to the Republican Party “ because of an illness .
I got sick of Nancy Pelosi . ”
In fact , he switched after his primary defeat .
Photo :
This photo of Maynard , left , and Massey CEO Don Blankenship on the Riviera was included in a motion asking the judge to recuse himself from the appeal of a $ 50 million award against Massey .
http://blogs.dailymail.com/donsurber/archives/8644
For readers who do not know , I am a former Episcopalian .
My personal history of religious affiliation goes something like the following .
I was baptized Catholic but raised in the Episcopal church until my teen years .
From then I ’d attend the Episcopal church on Sunday and then Calvary Chapel for “ Bible study ” on Friday evenings with their youth group .
This was on account of a number of reasons , not the least of which was that the youth group at the Episcopal church voted that I should leave since I wanted to read the Bible and not have pizza parties and such .
The youth directors agreed given that the kinds of questions I was asking really required a “ professional ” response .
This was after I became exasperated with the whole approach of , let ’s sit in a circle and go around the room asking what each person thinks such and so verse means “ to me . ”
At the ripe old age of 13 I blurted out , “ I do n’t care what it means to me , I just want to know what it means ! ”
To sum up , I eventually ran into the Horton / Riddlebarger crowd when I was about 17 and then became Reformed for a number of years .
I then moved towards a more high church Anglican view , returning to what I had been raised with , ending up in the then , Anglican Catholic Church ( ACC ) .
Fortunately I met my wife in the ACC , who was also a life long Anglican , though her family had left the Episcopal church ( TEC ) earlier than I did and joined the then forming ACC .
After a few schisms in the ACC and / or the Continuing church movement and a deepening in my grasp of Christology through an exposure to the teaching of Maximus the Confessor , my wife and I were received into the Orthodox Church .
Recently , I was reminded once again why I am not an Episcopalian .
The reminder does n’t explain why I am Orthodox but it does I think point to something that is worth thinking about and discussing .
So the reminder came in a post on another blog that I saw through the WordPress blog feature of Tag Surfer .
It allows me to see other recent blog entries across WordPress with similar topics as my own .
The post was by an apostatized Baptist of sorts who returned to “ Christianity ” through the Episcopal church .
The post was an expression of his thoughts on “ reformulating ” the doctrine of the Trinity .
What the post was , was in fact not a reformulation , but more an expression of his rejection of the Trinity and an expression of its perceived uselessness .
I did n’t take the post to be overtly hostile , ( I am sure he ’s a nice fellow ) but it was n’t something that amounted to Christian thinking on the subject and that ’s the point .
This post expresses the typical adoptionistic Christology found among classical Unitarians and contemporary liberals .
Jesus is the man who was more open to the divine or “ Spirit ” and so is a means by which one is in contact with “ God ” or “ Spirit ” and so moved or inspired to “ social justice . ”
The other posts on Hell and other doctrines pretty much fall into the typical liberal , that is Unitarian teaching .
It used to be the case that , say about twenty years ago , you could meet an Episcopalian and chances might have it that the person was a professing Christian in the historic sense of that term .
They believed the Scriptures were divinely inspired , Christ rose from the dead and all the other theological goodies expressed in the Creed .
Now given the exodus from TEC this is far less likely .
For the most part when I meet people who are professing Episcopalians now I do n’t expect them to be professing Christians .
I expect them to think that what they are professing is Christianity , but it is n’t .
It is that “ other religion ” that is now dominant in TEC .
And this post was a perfect example of what I mean .
The terms are Christian , but the meaning of those terms is anything but .
One could hear any given sermon in the Episcopal church using traditional terms and phrases with absolutely no Christian content whatsoever .
The content now is poured into the wineskins of Christian terminology and rites from Left wing political causes and academic ideologies , which are usually in one form or another , just a repackaging of older Gnostic errors .
( Just read the exchange in the comments after the post to see what I mean . )
This is why there is a perceptible shift in the art work ( and will continue to be ) and what religious art work is from the figural to the symbolic in TEC .
If the body does n’t matter ( since after all the incarnation and resurrection are “ cultural symbols ” ) then any symbol is more or less just as good as any other , perhaps within a given range .
The “ other religion ” expresses itself with a modification of older images .
So when I meet professing Episcopalians now and Christianity comes up , I usually do n’t argue about this or that thing TEC is doing or said is Christian or not .
The TEC is essentially now a Unitarian body .
One can be a member in good standing , clergy or laity and deny just about every teaching of Christianity .
Now I ask professing Episcopalians why should I think that the body you are a member of counts as Christian ?
What is distinctly Christian about it ?
Why think its Christian at all ?
Moves to redefine do n’t really count since the meaning of words are at least in part established by their historical usage , representative and authoritative sources .
Regardless of what particular theory of meaning one endorses , one just ca n’t change the meaning of terms willy - nilly .
To illustrate , I was once in a grad seminar with another grad student who was LDS .
We were discussing some issue related to the doctrine of God relative to analytic philosophical theology .
He was irked that such and so terms and views attached to them were privileged as Christian , whereas his were n’t .
He expressed his view that his views were Christian as well .
I interjected that they were n’t and he challenged my right to exclude his views under that term .
In our Epistemology seminar earlier that day , we had been discussing Contextualism , roughly being the thesis that the standards on knowledge change with the context .
( I am not a Contextualist btw but the Zebra Mule is an inside joke for those who have the philosophical gnosis . )
So given a certain situation , the standards that you know something might be low , but if you happen to meet someone who expresses skeptical worries or doubts , the standards shift and become more difficult to meet and then you do n’t know what you did .
So I retorted to my LDS friend that suppose I profess to be a Contextualist in Epistemology , but I do n’t think the standards on knowledge change or anything else associated with Contextualism .
He responded that I would n’t be a Contextualist because that is not what the term means .
And the meaning of the term is established by those who initiated the usage and how it is used by professional philosophers .
Someone who used the term as I had proposed simply would n’t be a Contextualist and would n’t know not only what the term meant , but how natural languages work or they would be lying .
Exactly .
The same is true for Episcopalians who profess that their church is a Christian body or that they are professing Christian .
Once we define the terms , it becomes obvious that there is semantic legerdemain going on .
The only major difference between their position and classical Unitarianism is one of prettier accoutrements .
( And of course , even this is ceasing to be true . )
I think it is important to push this issue of Christian identity for a variety of reasons .
People who profess to be Christians in this context need to be confronted with the idol that they have created and the deception that they have suffered , whether they are complicit in it or not .
Apologetically they are accustomed to arguing from the other direction , that such and so view can be interpreted differently .
But the position that they unwittingly have put themselves in is a position where there is nothing distinctively Christian at all about their position .
Anything they profess usually along moral lines can be professed by some other secular ideology or some other non-Christian tradition such as Judaism , Islam , Shintoism , etc .
The same is true with respect to the place of Jesus .
Jesus is just a figure of sorts and its just a fluke that he functions in that way , since it was more or less a fluke that he ended up being more open to “ Spirit ” than the other men of his time since .
Its simply parochial .
Other cultural have their figures and Episcopalians in western culture have theirs .
The employment of the Nicene Creed and various Christian rites and symbols does n’t imply that the body is Christian since liberals have argued that they mean something else and have imbued them with a different meaning in order to make them more “ inclusive . ”
One can deny all of their Christian content and use them and be a member in good standing .
But that is the hidden problem with inclusivity .
Eventually the inclusivity is so exclusive of the established meaning that eventually the terms no longer retain their previously established meaning and no longer imply anything Christian .
There is no reason then to take such bodies as Christian .
Under such conditions , why could n’t a member of the church of Satan be an Episcopalian ?
Sooner or later reasonable people figure out that they can believe everything in such a view without being a member of said “ church ” and can sleep in on Sunday morning , giving their cash to other organizations .
They can then use their own time in ways that they find aesthetically “ fulfilling . ”
Why after all should I maintain the pretence of Christianity every Sunday by watching people use terms , objects and rites from long past and I am going to give money to this ?
What ’s the point ?
This is supposed to give my life “ meaning ? ”
They can use the time in other ways and give money to established charities or causes that lack the wasteful bureaucratic structures of “ 815 . ”
( Let the reader of That Hideous Strength understand . )
And this is one reason why more liberal bodies decline .
They eventually become so inclusive like contemporary Unitarian bodies that they become socialization groups for the extremely idiosyncratic ( freaks ) and lose practically all cohesion .
Such bodies do not make converts and they do n’t have significant reproductive output .
( It is not like Gay “ weddings ” will improve this . )
This is why theologically liberal movements are parasitic on traditional bodies .
They can not go out and create a liturgy and produce a socially cohesive body of people with a view of the world that binds people together in a deep commitment from scratch .
They are expressions of a lack .
Frankly , I wish such persons would just be more honest about rejecting Christianity and go on down to their local Unitarian church and save us all a lot of trouble and heartache .
What they do strikes me as seriously disingenuous .
The problem for those few in TEC who still in fact profess Christian doctrines is more serious .
Sometimes there are pockets of resistance and people comfort themselves with the idea that at this parish , we are professing Christian .
That may be true .
Your rector may be perfectly orthodox in terms of the virgin birth , the resurrection and so forth .
The question is then , with whom does he commune ?
At the parish in TEC where I was raised , I was prepared for confirmation by the priest who is still rector there .
We spent a good amount of time on the person of Christ and the Trinity in the context of the Arian controversy .
And the priest there of course depicted Athanasius in such glowing terms that I was deeply attracted to the saint .
Athanasius was my teenage hero .
As I grew older and more theologically aware and educated , the problem of remaining in TEC became more acute in light of my familiarity and esteem for Athanasius .
He not only refused to commune with open heretics but considered doing so to make one complicit in the heresy .
This principle is not limited to the tradition of the Eastern Christianity but has a long history in English Christianity as well , both prior to and after the Reformation .
( Not to ignore its Biblical foundation . )
Even if you are a professing Christian in such a body to remain in communion with open heretics makes you complicit with their heresy and immorality .
If you do n’t agree , you are either on the side of the “ revisionists ” ( Scripture is more direct with the term “ apostates . ” ) or you are living in denial .
Consequently , you need to make a choice and a very hard one .
Please do not mistake my writing here for opportunism .
I ’ve been where these people have been .
I know how hard it is to leave a tradition that had so much good to offer .
The experience is very similar to experiencing the death of a family member .
When I finally gave up the ghost on Anglicanism , I sat in a parking lot and cried my brains out for a few hours .
People in that situation need to make a choice and in order to do that , they have to leave Anglicanism ( whatever they thought it was ) behind .
This of course assumes that there are no viable Anglican alternatives .
I do n’t take the Continuing churches to be so .
I ’ve spent a fair amount of time in them at various levels .
They repeat the same kinds of problems that led to the issues in TEC to begin with or they are so small that they are sectarian and in some cases personality cults .
They consequently attract former clergy who are not beyond reproach .
This does not imply that all or most of the clergy in such bodies are such , but the percentages in my experience tend to be higher .
The choices are essentially these .
You can go to a more conservative Lutheran body such as the LCMS if you ’re inclined towards Lutheranism .
But of course the LCMS is going through it own liturgical identity crisis right now .
( Happy Clappy or a Liturgy ? - The Happy Clappers seem to be winning . )
That leaves untouched the more serious distinctive theological claims made by Lutheranism .
Much the same can be said of the Presbyterians .
Then its either Rome or Orthodoxy .
I am not going to lay out the argument for one over the other here .
I ’ve done that before .
What is important as I have noted before is that once you make a decision , you choose to be what you convert to .
It does you no good to be a disgruntled Episcopalian in the Catholic or Orthodox Church .
You have to leave one behind and embrace an option .
And this means you sincerely need to be convinced that you would have made the same decision even if here had been no problems in TEC .
This will help give you some stability and peace wherever you end up .
And that will be good for you and all those around you .
The aim was to encourage parents to consider , where appropriate , reaching an agreement regarding parenting arrangements in the first instance themselves rather than having the court as a first option .
The agreements were intended to be reached having regard to the change of legislation .
It was axiomatic that if the cases capable of resolution were diverted from the courts then both the Family Court and the Federal Magistrates Court would be dealing with a more difficult class of case .
The Family Court in particular , deals with the most complex family law matters .
These include parenting cases that may involve multiple parties , including those that involve a child welfare agency and / or allegations of sexual abuse or serious physical abuse of a child ( Magellan cases ) , family violence , mental health and substance abuse issues and cases where a parent wishes to move interstate or overseas with a child .
In her State of the Nation address in 2006 , Chief Justice Diana Bryant acknowledged the increasing complexity of the cases coming to the Family Court :
“ It is those very cases that will be dealt with in the Family Court – cases of violence , abuse and entrenched conflict , which will , by their nature , be less likely to lead to the cooperative parenting that the government wants parties to have and the kind of orders that would support them . ”
From the commencement of the legislation the Chief Justice decided that the court would , for the first time , endeavour to keep statistics on the kind of orders that were being made with a view to understand the results that were being obtained by the parties coming to court .
In addition to the cases where Judges were making a decision statistics have also been recorded of matters coming to court but in which the parties reached their own agreement without the necessity of a decision from a Judge .
The collection of and analysis of that data has been a complex one .
Parenting orders are not particularly straight forward by their nature and can often involve some complexities which complicate the recording process .
Thus it has taken some time for the court to be in a position to be satisfied that the reports are accurate and meaningful .
That point has now been reached and an analysis of the 2007 - 2008 shared parental responsibility statistics are now available .
Please Note :
The analysis was based on 1448 finalised litigated cases and 2719 early agreement ( consent ) cases .
The data has only been collected in Family Court matters .
These figures do not relate to orders made by the Federal Magistrates Court .
2007 -2008 Shared Parental Responsibility Statistics in cases conducted in the Family Court ofAustralia .
Shared Parental Responsibility – Time Spent with parents
Cases where fathers received a majority of time
In 17 % of litigated cases , the Family Court made orders that the children spend more than 50 % of time with their father .
Where parents came to an early agreement , it was agreed in 8 % of cases that children spend more than 50 % of time with their father .
Cases where mothers received a majority of time
In 60 % of litigated cases , the Family Court made orders that the children spend more than 50 % of time with their mother .
Where parents came to an early agreement , it was agreed in 68 % of cases that the child spend more than 50 % of time with their mother .
Cases where 50/50 time was awarded [ 1 ]
In 15 % of litigated cases , the Family Court made orders for 50/50 care between parents .
Where parents came to an early agreement , the parents agreed on a 50/50 care arrangement in 19 % of cases .
Cases where the father received between 30 % and 45 % of time
In 14 % of litigated cases , the Family Court made orders that the children spend between 30 % to 45 % of time with their father .
Where parents came to an early agreement , it was agreed in 11 % of cases that the children spend between 30 % to 45 % of time with their father .
In 3 % of litigated cases , the Family Court made orders that the children spend between 30 % to 45 % of time with the mother .
Where parents came to an early agreement , it was agreed in 1 % of cases that the children spend between 30 % to 45 % of time with their mother .
Cases where the father received less than 30 % of time
In a third of litigated cases , the Family Court ordered that children spend 30 % or less time with their father .
Of the 100 % of this category , the main reasons for the order included :
Reason Percentage of cases Abuse and family violence 29 % Entrenched conflict 15 % Distance / transport / financial barriers 6 % Relocation 5 % Substance Abuse 4 %
Cases where the mother receives less than 30 % of time
In 9 % of litigated cases , the Family Court ordered that children spend 30 % or less time with their mother .
The main reasons for the order include :
Reason Percentage of cases Mental health issues 31 % Distance / transport / financial barriers 16 % Abuse and / or family violence 16 % Substance abuse 7 % Relocation 7 %
Cases where the father spent no time with the children
In 6 % of litigated cases , the father was ordered to spend no time with the children .
Where the parents came to an early agreement , it was agreed in less than 1 % of cases that the father have no contact with the children .
The main reasons for the order include :
Reason Percentage of cases Abuse and family violence 38 % Entrenched conflict 10 % Distance / transport / financial barriers 0 % Relocation 2 % Mental health issues 2 % Other 42 %
Cases where the Mother Spent No Time with the Children
In 1 % of litigated cases , the mother was ordered to have no contact with the children .
The main reasons for the order include :
Reason Percentage of cases Abuse and family violence 15 % Entrenched conflict 0 % Distance / transport / financial barriers 8 % Relocation 8 % Mental health issues 31 % Other 31 %
Grandparents
In 8 % of litigated cases the Family Court ordered that the child spend time with grandparents .
In 2 % of cases where there was an early agreement it was agreed that the child spend time with the grandparent .
In 2 % of litigated cases the Family Court ordered that the child spend time with an ‘ other ’ person .
In 1 % of cases where there was an early agreement it was agreed that the child spend time with an ‘ other ’ person .
Additional Information
In those cases where parents have agreed about arrangements for children to spend time with their father , 15 % did not set a rigid arrangement for the father to spend time with the children .
In those cases that are litigated , 11 % did not set a rigid arrangement for the children to spend time with their father .
[ 1 ]
For data collection purposes 50/50 time was defined as between 45 % and 55 % of the time spent with a child or children .
The fossil remains of a part of a hip from a relative of Tyrannosaurus Rex , is seen in a handout photo .
The fossil was discovered in Australian rocks 110 million years old .
REUTERS / Dr Roger Benson / University of Cambridge / Handout
SYDNEY ( Reuters ) - Australia scientists have found evidence that Tyrannosaur dinosaurs stalked southern hemisphere continents , with the discovery of a hip bone fossil of a small T. Rex in the south of the country .
Previously tyrannosaur fossils had only been found in northern continents , the researchers said in their findings published in Science magazine .
Compared with the ferocious Tyrannosaurus Rex made famous in the Hollywood movie Jurassic Park , which lived about 70 million years ago at the end of the Cretaceous period , the Australian T.Rex was about one - third its size and lived earlier during the Cretaceous , around 110 million years ago .
The hip bone found in the Australian state of Victoria provides the first evidence of Tyrannosaur dinosaurs in the southern continents and raises the question why only northern hemisphere T. Rexs evolved into giant predators , said the scientists .
“ The existence of this hip bone shows that about 100 million years ago , in the Early Cretaceous period , small tyrannosaurs were found in other parts of the world , ” said Tom Rich , senior curator of Vertebrate Paleontology at Museum Victoria .
“ This discovery changes our understanding of the evolution of this group of dinosaurs , ” Rich said in a statement .
There was widespread disruption in Dublin this evening due to the taxi dispute which began this morning and then escalated .
Luas Red Line services were limited between Tallaght and Smithfield due to protests and many roads in the city are blocked .
Drivers finally ended their protest shortly before 10 pm .
During rush hour , Pembroke Street , Fitzwilliam Square South and West were all blocked while O'Connell Street was closed due to traffic .
Northbound traffic had to be diverted onto Eden Quay while southbound traffic from Parnell Square was diverted via Marlborough Street and Gardiner Street .
Buses that usually stop[ed on O'Connell Street northbound were forced to detour onto Parnell Square West with southbound buses stopping on Parnell Square East .
Taxi drivers across the country withdrew their services today in support of a sit-in by two members of the Irish Taxi Council ( ITC ) at the Commission of Taxi Regulation offices .
The ITC is demanding a cap on the number of taxi drivers in the industry .
A small group identifying themselves as ITC representatives forced entry to commission 's office at Fitzwilliam Square , Dublin , yesterday afternoon and refused to leave the lobby area .
It is understood that up to seven taxi drivers were initially involved in the sit - in , but just two remained in the office today .
The High Court today ordered the protestors to stop occupying the regulator ’s offices .
Ms Justice Mary Laffoy granted an interim injunction restraining trespass on the Commission for Taxi Regulation ’s offices by members of the ITC , including Thomas Barton and Patrick Walsh , who occupied the building last night .
The judge also ordered no member of the ITC may go within 30 metres of the two entrances to the regulator ’s offices , pending further order of the court .
The two men who remained inside the office ended their protest this evening .
A demonstration in support of the drivers was called in Dublin this morning with up to 500 drivers withdrawing their service at Dublin airport from 8 am .
Drivers in Cork , Waterford , Kerry , Limerick , Waterford , Sligo and Donegal joined the protest and withdrew their service later in the day .
This afternoon , Frank Byrne of the ITC said the protesters were seeking full implementation of the 11 - point - plan recommended by the Joint Oireachtas Committee on Transport that he said had been " ignored by the Minister for Transport " .
President of the Irish Taxi Drivers ’ Federation John
Ussher , whose organisation was not involved in planning today 's protest , said : " All the organisations have one thing in common .
We all want what 's best for taxi drivers .
Where we differ is how we achieve what 's best . "
A spokesman for Mr Dempsey said this afternoon that protests do not address the challenges faced by drivers and urged them to resume discussions with the taxi regulator , whom he said was mandated to regulate the small public service vehicle ( SPSV ) industry .
“ Those involved in the actions yesterday and which are continuing today are strongly urged to resume discussions with the Commission for Taxi Regulation in a sustained effort to address the issues of concern , ” he said .
“ It is understood that the Commission for Taxi Regulation is having good and fruitful discussions with the other four groups representing taxi drivers .
There is no reason why those involved in the current actions cannot have the same engagement . ”
The spokesman accepted the industry , like all sectors of the economy , was facing severe challenges .
“ Taxi drivers are working in a competitive , challenging environment which has affected earning power , ” he added .
“ The occupation of offices and other disruptive actions such as those at the airport , while attracting media attention , does nothing however to address the challenges which the industry is facing . ”
Representatives of Siptu , the National Taxi Drivers ' Union , the Irish Taxi Drivers ' Federation and the Taxi and Hackeny Drivers ' Association are due to meet on Thursday , and it is expected that today 's events will be discussed at that meeting .
Tags
Old people in Sweden say that to be Swedish means to supply for your own , to take care of your self , and never be a burden on anyone else 's shoulders .
Independence and hard work was the common perception of a decent life , and the common perception of morality .
That was less than one hundred years ago .
My late grandmother used to say something had gone wrong with the world .
She was proud to never have asked for help , to have always been able to rely on herself and her husband , proud that they could throughout their lives care for their family .
I 'm happy that when she passed away at the respectable age of 85 , she did so with that dignity still intact .
She was never a burden .
My grandmother , born in 1920 , was of the last generation to have that special personal pride , of having a firm and deeply rooted morality , of being a sovereign in life no matter what — to be the sole master of one 's fate .
The people of her generation experienced and endured one or two world wars ( though Sweden never took part ) and were raised by poor Swedish farmers and industrial workers .
They witnessed and were the driving force behind the Swedish " wonder . "
Their morality assured they could survive any condition .
If they found themselves not being able to live off their wages , they would only work harder and longer .
They were the architects and construction workers in building their own lives , even though it often meant hard work and enduring seemingly hopeless situations .
They would gladly offer to help those in need even if they only had little , but were not likely to accept anyone 's help if offered .
They felt pride in being competent to take care of themselves ; they cherished independence of others , of never having to ask for help .
They figured , if they could n't make it themselves , they had no right to ask for help .
Yet somehow they fell for the promises of politicians to supply for " the weak , " a category of people non-existent back then :
Who would admit they were unable to take care of themselves ?
They were good - hearted , hard - working people and probably thought a small contribution to supply for those much worse off would be a Good Samaritan - style deed .
Theoretically , it is perhaps understandable and even enviable .
They and their parents were already voluntarily partaking in local private networks arranging financial support for those in need of health care or who had just lost their jobs .
In bad times such as recessions or rapid social change this was a burden , however voluntary and in their own interest .
A large - scale version of the same kind of mutual help arrangements probably sounded like a good idea , even though it was to be financed coercively through taxation .
The problem is that the welfare state was created and it would dramatically change people 's lives and affect their morality in a fundamental way .
The welfare state might have been a successful project if people had continued to have the pride and morality to supply for themselves and only seek support if really in need .
That is , adding a welfare state could possibly work in a ceteris paribus world , which is what the welfare state really presumes .
But the world is ever - changing , and the welfare state therefore requires people to be stronger and morally superior to people in societies lacking a welfare state .
This knowledge , however , was not yet acquired — and still is n't .
Instead , they took the state of things , such as their personal pride in work and family , as natural ; from that perspective it must have looked like a good deal .
All they had to do , they were told , was leave the politics ( and a little power ) to the politicians .
This argument , I 'm sorry to report , still seems valid to the Swedish populace ; Swedes generally welcome proposals to hand over more power to politicians and they even tend to ask for higher taxes .
Decent morality is long gone .
It was completely destroyed in little more than two generations — through public welfare benefits and the concept of welfare rights .
The Children of the Welfare State
The children of my grandparents ' generation , my parents among them , quickly learned and embraced a new morality based on the welfare " rights " offered by the social security system .
While the older generation would not accept dependence on others ( including state welfare benefits ) they did not object to sending the younger generation to public schools to get educated .
I am certain they never thought in terms of having a " right " to have their children educated .
Rather , they accepted and appreciated the opportunity for their children to have a chance they themselves had never had — through " free " education .
So my parents ' generation went to public schools where they were taught mathematics and languages as well as the superiority of welfare and the morality of the state .
They learned the workings of the machinery of the welfare state and gained a totally new ( mis ) conception of rights : all citizens enjoy a right — only through being citizens — to education , health care , unemployment , and social security .
Being an individual , they were taught , means having a right to support for your individual needs .
Everybody has a right to all the resources necessary to pursue one 's own and society 's happiness , they were told .
And everybody should enjoy the right to put their children in state daycare centers while working , making it possible for every family to earn two salaries ( but not enough time to raise their children ) .
The opportunities for " the good life , " at least financially , must have seemed enormous to the older generations .
This new morality permeated the populace and became the " natural " state of things , at least in their minds .
This generation , born during the two or three decades following World War II , became considerably different from their parents ' generation morally and philosophically .
They got used to the enormous post - war economic growth ( thanks to Sweden never entering the war ) and the ever - increasing welfare rights of the rapidly growing state .
( To sustain the growth of the welfare state and satisfy the popular demand for benefits , the Swedish government devaluated the currency a number of times during the 1970s and 1980s . )
The effects upon society of this generation growing up and entering the labor market were principally two : increased public pressure for more progressive politics ; and large - scale , society - wide failure to raise independent and moral children able to be their own masters in life .
At this time , the moral and philosophical change in society became apparent .
While in the early 20th century the Social Democrats , a hegemonic power in Swedish politics throughout that century ( and beyond ) , had demanded tax cuts to liberate workers from unnecessary burden , it now swiftly changed into a tax - raising , welfare - embracing party calling for more " liberating " social reform .
The voting masses , children of the welfare state dependent on its system of logic , supported the tax hikes , which quickly climbed to 50 % and higher .
And they demanded social benefits at taxpayers ' expense to cover for and exceed these higher taxes .
The political change as the children of the welfare state grew up and started taking part in politics was massive .
The rather communist student revolts of 1968 were probably the peak of this radical generation demanding more for themselves through state redistribution ; they claimed no personal responsibility for their lives , nor ever thought of having to pitch in themselves .
" I 'm in need , " they argued , and from that claim they directly inferred a right to satisfy that need — be it food , shelter , or a new car .
Whereas my parents mysteriously seem to have inherited much of the " older " form of morality , most people of their age , and especially those younger , are paradigmatically different from their parents ' generation .
They are children of the welfare state and are fully aware of the social security benefits to which they have a " right . "
They do n't reflect on where these benefits come from , but are skeptical towards politicians whom they believe might take them away .
" Change " quickly became a bad word , since it necessarily implies a change to the system on which people are parasitically dependent .
With this generation , the formerly held truth that production precedes consumption is replaced by a belief in having an inviolate and natural " human right " to welfare services supplied by the state .
Through the powerful labor unions , wage - earning Swedes were awarded raises every year regardless of real productivity , and in time annual raises of salaries became normality .
People who did n't get a raise started considering themselves " punished " by their evil employer , and there were increasing demands for legal help in the struggle against employers .
One has a " right " to a better salary next year just as the current salary must be better than last year 's ; so the thinking goes .
This change in perception was , as we have seen , preceded by a change in values .
The societal change also changed the conditions for philosophy , and new strange and destructive theories emerged .
The children of this generation , born in the 1970s , ' 80s , and '90s commonly had a " free " upbringing ( based on the ideals of 1968 ) , essentially meaning a childhood " free from rules " and " free of responsibility . "
For this generation there is no causality whatsoever in social life ; whatever you do is not your responsibility — even having children .
These are the current younger adults in Swedish society .
The Grandchildren of the Welfare State
I am myself part of this second generation of people raised with and by the welfare state .
A significant difference between my generation and the preceding one is that most of us were not raised by our parents at all .
We were raised by the authorities in state daycare centers from the time of infancy ; then pushed on to public schools , public high schools , and public universities ; and later to employment in the public sector and more education via the powerful labor unions and their educational associations .
The state is ever - present and is to many the only means of survival — and its welfare benefits the only possible way to gain independence .
The difference to the older generations is obvious .
My grandparents lived in a totally different world philosophically and morally , and my parents still wear remnants of their parents ' " old " sense of justice and their perception of right and wrong .
While my generations ' parents are only " partly tainted " ( which is bad enough ) , my generation is totally screwed up .
Not having grown up with the sound values of our grandparents , but instead with those propagandized by the nanny state , the grandchildren of the welfare state have no understanding whatsoever of economics .
A common perception of justice among the " grandchildren " is that individuals have an everlasting claim on society to supply one with whatever one finds necessary ( or enjoyable ) .
In a recently televised discussion on state television , the children and grandchildren of the welfare state met to discuss unemployment and the common problems facing young people growing up and entering the labor market .
The demand of the " grandchildren " was literally that the " old people " ( born in the late 1940s , 1950s and 1960s ) should step aside ( i.e. , stop working ) because their working " steals " jobs from the young !
The " welfare logic " vindicating such preposterous demands goes something like this .
The premise is that every individual has a right to a good life .
It can be concluded that a good life is made through not having to worry about material wealth , and thus having welfare benefits and gaining financial " independence " is essential .
Financial independence , in turn , requires a high - status , high - salary , and not - too - demanding job ; a good job is thus an inferred human right .
The people who currently have the jobs literally occupy the positions and are therefore in the way — each and every one of them violates my right to that job .
This makes anyone who has a good job a rights - violator and therefore criminal .
We all know what to think of criminals : they should be locked up .
Such a sentence is also what a still very limited but rapidly growing number of young people in Sweden demand — for owners of businesses who do not wish to hire them , or for older people occupying positions they themselves desire .
There is a " need " for more progressive law - making .
But this is not an idea supported only by ignorant youth .
On May 14 , the national trade workers ' union demanded the state " redistribute " jobs through offering people in their 60s state pensions if they step down and their employers employ young , unemployed people in their stead .
In the labor union 's calculations , such a stunt would " create " 55,000 jobs .
What this shows is that the only perceivable way of finding jobs for the young seems to be to " relieve " older people of theirs ; job positions are scarce and unemployment is increasing even as demand for goods and services is going up – thanks to heavy state regulation in the marketplace .
The welfare state creates problems and conflicts on many levels , forcing people to compete for shares of continuously decreasing wealth .
The solution : more regulation and even less prosperity .
This is what happens when need and want replaces merit and experience in both public and personal morality .
Demanding Social Responsibility
This degenerated morality and lack of understanding for the real and natural order of things is also evident in areas requiring personal responsibility and respect for fellow men and women .
The elderly are now treated as ballast rather than human beings and relatives .
The younger generations feel they have a " right " to not take responsibility for their parents and grandparents , and therefore demand the state relieve them of this burden .
Consequently , most elderly in Sweden either live depressed and alone in their homes , waiting for death to come their way , or they have been institutionalized in public elderly collective living facilities with 24/7 surveillance so as to alleviate the burden on the younger working generations .
Some of them get to see their grandchildren and relatives only for an hour or two at Christmas , when the families make an effort to visit their " problems . "
But the elderly are n't the only one 's finding themselves in the periphery of welfare society while the state is looking after its working population .
The same goes for the youngest who are also delivered to the state for public care rather than being brought up and educated by their parents .
My mother , a middle school teacher , has had to face her pupils ' parents demanding she do " something " about their stressful family situation .
They demand " society " take responsibility for their children 's upbringing since they have already spent " too many years " caring for them .
( " Caring " usually means dropping them off at the public daycare center at 7 am and picking them up again at 6 pm . )
They loudly stress their " right " to be relieved from this burden .
The problems caused at home by disobedient , out - of - control children are to be solved in the classrooms by school personnel and at daycare centers by kindergarten staff .
Children should be seen but not heard , and they should absolutely not intrude on their parents ' right to a career , long holidays abroad , and attending social events .
In order to have the adult generation working and creating wealth that can be taxed ( current tax rates for low income earners are at approximately 65 % of earnings ) , the Swedish welfare state continuously launches progressive programs to protect them from incidents and problems .
Welfarist freedom is a trouble - free , responsibility - free , and benefits - rich existence created by the welfare state .
What we are now seeing in Sweden is the perfectly logical consequence of the welfare state : when handing out benefits and thereby taking away the individual 's responsibility for his or her own life , a new kind of individual is created — the immature , irresponsible , and dependent .
In effect , what the welfare state has created is a population of psychological and moral children — just as parents who never let their children face problems , take responsibility , and come up with solutions themselves , make their offspring needy , spoiled , and utterly demanding .
The spoiled - children analogy is proving true in the everyday lives of people working in the public sector , facing the populations ' demands .
I 've learned it is not uncommon for young parents to reprimand teachers because homework is an " unnecessary " pressure on the young .
The children have a right to knowledge , but apparently they should not be exposed to education since it requires study and effort .
The role of teachers is obviously to supply children with knowledge they can consume without having to reflect on it or think about it ( or even study ) .
Having to do something yourself is " oppressive . "
A " must , " even if an effect of the laws of nature , is utterly unfair and a violation to one 's right to a trouble - free life .
Nature itself , along with its laws , becomes a " burden . "
Dependence Economics
Perhaps this mentality explains the increasing popularity of anti-reality theories such as skepticism and post - modernism , where nothing can be taken for granted .
Logic , it is claimed , is only a social construction which has no relation whatsoever with reality or the world ( if it exists at all ) .
These theories are magnificent in that they can never be proved — or disproved .
Whatever you say , you never need to take responsibility for your statement — no one can verify your thesis , no one can criticize it , or even use it .
It is yours and exists only for you — and it is true only for you .
The uselessness of such a theory should be obvious .
It should also be obvious that these theories ' proponents take certain things , such as existence , for granted — they never live their lives based only on doubt and the " knowledge " that there is nothing one can know , that nothing is what it seems .
But that , it seems , must be the beauty of it .
In a way , the Austrian premise that " values are subjective " has been taken too literally .
In these " modern " theories , subjectivity is the principle underlying reality , not the way reality is assessed or perceived .
This " understanding " is inferred directly from the relative morality and relative logic of the welfare state 's children and grandchildren .
There is no need for someone to produce in order for another to consume — and there is not necessarily a burden on someone else to supply the benefits I need in order to live the " good " life .
After all , living a good life is a human right ; the right being the only fixed point in an ever - changing and subjectively founded universe .
From the perspective of a bystander ( as I consider myself ) this madness all makes sense — teaching people they do not need to worry about the consequences of their actions makes willingly dependent subjects .
The welfare state has created the egotistical monsters it claims to save us from — through handing out privileges and benefits to everybody at " nobody 's " expense .
The social engineers of the welfare state obviously never considered a possible change in morality and perception — they simply wanted a system guaranteeing security for everybody ; a system where the able could and should work to support themselves , but where the unable too could live dignified lives .
Who would have thought the progressive reforms to secure workers ' rights and prosperity for all in the early 20th century would backfire philosophically and morally ?
It should be obvious that nothing came to be as expected — society simply was n't as predictable as was predicted .
This new morality is the obvious opposite of that of my grandparents ' generation .
It is a morality claiming independence can only be achieved through handing over responsibility to others , and that freedom can only be attained through enslaving others ( and oneself ) .
The result of this degenerated morality on a social or societal level is a disaster economically , socially , psychologically , and philosophically .
But this is also a personal tragedy for many thousands of Swedes .
People seem unable to enjoy life without responsibility for one 's actions and choices , and it is impossible to feel pride and independence without having the means to control one 's life .
The welfare state has created a dependent people utterly incapable of finding value in life ; instead , they find themselves incapable of typical human feelings such as pride , honor , and empathy .
These feelings , along with the means to create meaning to life , have been taken over by the welfare state .
Perhaps this explains why such a large part of the young population now consumes antidepressant medication , without which they are unable to function normally in social situations .
And presumably it explains why the number of suicides among very young people who never really knew their parents is increasing dramatically ( the total number of suicides remaining about the same ) .
Still people are totally unable to see the problem or find a solution .
Like spoiled children , they call for " help " through the state .
This , my grandmother could never understand .
May she rest in peace .
Per Bylund works as a business consultant in Sweden , in preparation for PhD studies .
He is the founder of Anarchism .net .
Send him mail .
Visit his website .
Comment on the blog .
Terrestrial photos taken by Marco Fulle on April 16th , 2010 .
Zoom on lightning caused by electrical discharge within the ash column .
Eyjafjallajökull stratovolcano complex and ash plume with intensive lightning .
Massive ash emission from the Eyjafjallajökull eruption .
Eyjafjallajökull stratovolcano complex and eruption cloud .
Fireworks over Eyjafjallajökull .
The ash column assumes the shape of a plinian eruption .
Clear starry night above the eruption of Eyafallajökull .
Indiana Personal Injury , Accident , Family & Divorce Law Attorneys Estate Planning , Probate Administration , Business Law & Real Estate Lawyers Serving Northwest Indiana Attorneys Making It Right In Lake County Indiana
At the Hand Law Group , P.C. , we aim to make a positive difference in the lives of our clients .
We provide experienced , professional and aggressive representation on behalf of clients facing all types of legal situations .
If you have been injured , you need to discuss your claim with an experienced accident and injury law attorney .
Please contact our law firm to schedule an initial no charge consultation .
Quality , Experience , Results
Attorney Karl E. Hand has over 20 years of jury trial litigation experience .
He represents clients in a wide range of cases .
Our law firm handles a wide range of legal matters , including :
We handle personal injury claims where the defendant is an individual , a business or a governmental entity .
If you have suffered a personal injury , we will help you obtain the full compensation that you are entitled to receive by law .
We also handle sensitive estate and family law problems where preserving relationships is essential .
Mr. Hand is an experienced courtroom trial attorney with over 20 years of experience !
He has developed the ability to evaluate claims , successfully negotiate and resolve claims and lawsuits , and anticipate defense strategies for all types of legal conflicts from business law , probate estate litigation , and personal injury / accident claims including auto , truck and motorcycle accidents and slip - and - fall claims .
Personal Commitment & Service Is Our Promise
If you need legal representation in northwest Indiana , Lake County or Porter County , our law firm will provide you with the individualized hands on legal representation that you require .
Our attorneys work closely with clients to provide personalized , client - focused assistance .
Our clients appreciate that we are professional and provide a comfortable office atmosphere where our clients can confidentially discuss their legal problem or issue .
Hand Law Group , P.C. serves clients throughout Northern / Northwest Indiana including Lake County , Porter County , La Porte County , Merrillville , La Porte , Michigan City , Crown Point , Cedar Lake , St. John , Schererville , Hobart , Lake Station , Gary , Highland , Griffith , Munster , Hammond , Lowell , Portage , Valparaiso , Chesterton and the surrounding towns areas and communities .
Contact Our Courtroom Trial Attorneys
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the office vacancy rate starting 1991 .
Reis is reporting the vacancy rate rose to 17.2 % in Q1 2010 , up from 17.0 % in Q4 , and up from 15.2 % in Q1 2009 .
The peak following the previous recession was 16.9 % .
From the Financial Times : Signs that worst is over for commercial property
New figures from Reis ... showed that the vacancy rate in the US office sector climbed to 17.2 per cent during the first three months of the year ..
...
" We expect less of a bloodbath in fundamentals in 2010 versus 2009 , but rents will still decline and vacancies will still continue to rise , " said Victor Calanog , director of research at Reis . ...
During the first quarter , asking rents and effective rents , which include special offers and concessions , both fell by just 0.8 per cent .
excerpts with permission
Even though vacancy rates will probably rise further and rents continue to decline , it does appear the rate of deterioration has slowed .
Reis should release the Mall and Apartment vacancy rates over the next few days , and those will probably be at record levels .
" We did it for fun and out of curiosity " , one of the girls told a court , adding , " We wanted to see if she would really freak out . "
While MP for Reading West Martin held 4 surgeries a month for local constituents , usually on the second and fourth weekends excluding bank holidays at three locations across the constituency .
These were held at :
Holybrook Community Centre , Calcot ,
the Whitley Advice Shop on Northumberland Avenue
my Constituency Office at 413 Oxford Road , Reading
Friday night surgeries were drop in sessions , Saturday morning surgeries were by appointment .
Surgery Locations
Constituency Office , 413 Oxford Road , Reading , RG30 1HA
By bus : Route 15 , 16 or 17 – nearest stop Beresford Road
The Whitley Advice Shop , 479 Northumberland Avenue , Reading , RG2 8LZ
By bus : Route 5 – nearest stop Brayford Road
Holybrook Community Centre , Carters Rise , Calcot , Reading , RG31 7RT
By bus : Routes 25 & 26 – nearest stop Swanholm Gardens
Bus timetables and further travel details here .
The Human Rights Commission of Jacksonville , Fla. has a mission of ensuring Ã¢â‚ ¬ Å“ all residents enjoy a community free of discriminatory practices . ”
But as the city council reviewed the mayorÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s nominees for the commission , one of its members has been accused of discriminating against them , Think Progress reported .
Councilman Clay Yarborough was the sole ‘ no ’ in a 4 - 1 vote that recommended University of North Florida professor and Fulbright scholar Parvez Ahmed , a Muslim , for the commission .
Yarborough said in an interview with the Florida Times - Union that he would be uncomfortable with Muslims holding public office .
ADVERTISEMENT
Do you believe Muslims should be able to hold a public office in Florida ?
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ I would have to think about that .
I would have to think about that .
Ã‚Â
What kind of office ?
An elected office ?
Would you consider the human rights commission to be a public office ?
Ã¢â‚¬Â
Just in general , do you believe Muslims should be able to hold any public office in Florida ?
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ I do nÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢t know .
Ã¢â‚¬Â
In the same interview , Yarborough expressed discomfort with gays holding office as well .
Do you think homosexuals should be able to hold a public office in Florida ?
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ I would prefer they did not .
Ã¢â‚¬Â
During the council ’s interview with the two nominees Ã¢â‚¬â€ Ahmed and Florida Coastal School of Law professor Susan Harthill Ã¢â‚¬â€  Yarborough repeatedly asked questions that seemingly had nothing to do with what the candidates would be doing on the Human Rights Commission .
ADVERTISEMENT
Gay marriage , God , Islam and prayer in public places were some of the issues Yarborough posed to the candidates .
Yarborough defended his questions , stating concerns that if gay marriage came before the Human Rights Commission , he wants to ensure that no member of it supporting the legalization of gay unions in Florida .
Ã¢â‚ ¬Å“ It would concern me if someone of that belief was on that board if they could address that issue , Ã¢â‚ ¬Â  he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
In an column titled “ Bigotry rears its ugly head in Jacksonville city council meeting , ” Ron Littlepage eviscerates Yarborough for his attitude about the commission nominees .
Good people came to the City Council Rules Committee meeting Monday in support of Parvez Ahmed , Mayor John Peyton ’s nominee to the Jacksonville Human Rights Commission .
ADVERTISEMENT
Their presence and words will help erase some of the stain placed on this community by the bigotry and intolerance that have surfaced in opposition to Ahmed , a Muslim .
But the stain will remain .
The Liberal Democrat Party is actively pursuing a change to the Digital Economy Bill which would see sites which host copyrighted material illegally blocked in the UK .
This amendment could well have severe implications for those who use the internet in Britain and may target well - known video - sharing sites such as YouTube .
The two peers who are looking to add a " Preventing access to specified online locations " clause are the brilliantly titled Lord Razzall and not - so brilliantly named Lord Clement - Jones .
Prevent access
The crux of the clause is as follows :
" The High Court ( in Scotland , the Court of Session ) shall have power to grant an injunction against a service provider , requiring it to prevent access to online locations specified in the order of the Court . "
This is somewhat chillingly followed by : " whether a substantial proportion of the content accessible at or via each specified online location infringes copyright . "
The Lib Dems will obviously try and sugar coat this as much as possible and , if the clause is put in place , a lot will hinge on what exactly is a " substantial proportion " of copyright infringement .
At the moment , there is little to no web filtering happening in the UK .
If this law were to pass , then we could very well see ourselves in a situation like China where the reasons for blocking certain sites are more than a bit skewed .
Australia is another country looking into possible net filtering .
The Digital Economy Bill was announced back in 2009 and has courted much controversy for its proposed tax levy on internet connections and it gives Peter Mandelson , First Secretary of State , the right to change the bill at any time of his choosing .
Via OpenRightsGroup
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
by Gina Trapani
Your browser does a good job of fetching web documents and displaying them , but there are times when you need an extra strength download manager to get those tougher HTTP jobs done .
Advertisement
A versatile , old school Unix program called Wget is a highly hackable , handy little tool that can take care of all your downloading needs .
Whether you want to mirror an entire web site , automatically download music or movies from a set of favorite weblogs , or transfer huge files painlessly on a slow or intermittent network connection , Wget 's for you .
Wget , the " non-interactive network retriever , " is called at the command line .
The format of a Wget command is :
wget [ option ] ... [ URL ] ...
The URL is the address of the file (s ) you want Wget to download .
The magic in this little tool is the long menu of options available that make some really neat downloading tasks possible .
Here are some examples of what you can do with Wget and a few dashes and letters in the [ option ] part of the command .
Advertisement
Mirror an entire web site
Say you want to backup your blog or create a local copy of an entire directory of a web site for archiving or reading later .
The command :
wget -m http://ginatrapani.googlepages.com
Will save the two pages that exist on the ginatrapani.googlepages.com site in a folder named just that on your computer .
The -m in the command stands for " mirror this site . "
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Say you want to retrieve all the pages in a site PLUS the pages that site links to .
You 'd go with :
wget - H -r -- level=1 -k -p http://ginatrapani.googlepages.com
This command says , " Download all the pages ( - r , recursive ) on http://ginatrapani.googlepages.com plus one level ( — level=1 ) into any other sites it links to ( - H , span hosts ) , and convert the links in the downloaded version to point to the other sites ' downloaded version ( - k ) .
Oh yeah , and get all the components like images that make up each page ( - p ) . "
Advertisement
Warning : Beware , those with small hard drives !
This type of command will download a LOT of data from sites that link out a lot ( like blogs ) !
Do n't try to backup the Internet , because you 'll run out of disk space !
Resume large file downloads on a flaky connection
Say you 're piggybacking the neighbor 's wifi and every time someone microwaves popcorn you lose the connection , and your video download ( naughty you ! ) keeps crapping out halfway through .
Direct
Wget to resume partial downloads for big files on intermittent connections .
Advertisement
To set Wget to resume an interrupted download of this 16MB " Mavericks Surf Highlights 2006 : Wipeouts " short from Google Video , use :
wget -c --output-document=mavericks.avi " http://vp.video.google.com/videodownload?version=0&secureurl=qgAAAJCWpcRd5eI2k3sm3LWJZMjLyLFiTxk_KqUrRYbrzLTEw8hwMV30m3MRz6rYMTxGqWIfWMQjNJsP0fNXUMc34jzoPcy6z-qHde5UVD29Po6_9b_-d3J5AQpVROUPRqzkJriangEl2IMkKBJd08Q7TTJIAC_r6XID-fNYPLKHm1KRvx0smOslivNLGmyZsCsZmVNVN0jaw5-dloWtzPlI86zIubh1XvJsTg2u_YaHcaAB&sigh=-BbV2h_bIFVuVg4D-h6MUTxuErM&begin=0&len=139433&docid=6059494448346363884 "
Advertisement
( Apologies for the humungous , non-wrapping URL . )
The -c ( " continue " ) option sets
Wget to resume a partial download if the transfer is interrupted .
You 'll also notice the URL is in quotes , necessary for any address with &'s in it .
Also , since that URL is so long , you can specify the name of the output file explicitly - in this case , mavericks.avi .
Advertisement
Schedule hourly downloads of a file
The nice thing about any command line script is that it 's very easy to automate .
For instance , if there was a constantly - changing file that you wanted to download every hour , say , you could use cron or Windows Task Scheduler and Wget to do just that , or if there was a very large file you wanted your computer to fetch in the middle of the night while you slept instead of right this moment when you need all your bandwidth to get other work done .
You could easily schedule the Wget command to run at a later time .
Advertisement
As proof of concept , yesterday I scheduled an hourly download of Lifehacker 's daily traffic chart to run automatically .
The command looked like this :
wget --output-document=traffic_$( date +\ % Y\ %m\%d\%H ) .gif " http://sm3.sitemeter.com/rpc/v6/server.asp?a=GetChart&n=9&p1=sm3lifehacker&p2=&p3=3&p4=0&p5=64\%2E249\%2E116\%2E138&p6=HTML&p7=1&p8=\%2E\%3Fa\%3Dstatistics&p9=&rnd=7209
"
Advertisement
Notice the use of %Y and %m datetime parameters which result in unique filenames , so each hour the command would n't overwrite the file with the same name generated the hour before .
Note also that the %'s have to be escaped with a backslash .
Just for fun I threw together a little animated gif of the hourly chart image , that displays the movement of Lifehacker 's traffic yesterday from 2 PM to midnight :
This image was lost some time after publication , but you can still view it here
Advertisement
Automatically download music
This last technique , suggested by Jeff Veen , is by far my favorite use of Wget .
These days there are tons of directories , aggregators , filters and weblogs that point off to interesting types of media .
Using
Wget , you can create a text file list of your favorite sites that say , link to MP3 files , and schedule it to automatically download any newly - added MP3's from those sites each day or week .
Advertisement
First , create a text file called mp3_sites.txt , and list URLs of your favorite sources of music online one per line ( like http://del.icio.us/tag/system:fil… or stereogum.com ) .
Be sure to check out my previous feature on how to find free music on the web for more ideas .
Advertisement
Then use the following Wget command to go out and fetch those MP3's :
wget -r - l1 - H - t1 - nd - N - np - A.mp3 -erobots=off - i mp3_sites.txt
That Wget recipe recursively downloads only MP3 files linked from the sites listed in mp3_sites .
txt that are newer than any you 've already downloaded .
There are a few other specifications in there - like to not create a new directory for every music file , to ignore robots .
txt and to not crawl up to the parent directory of a link .
Jeff breaks it all down in his original post .
Advertisement
The great thing about this technique is that once this command is scheduled , you get an ever - rotating jukebox of new music
Wget fetches for you while you sleep .
With a good set of trusted sources , you 'll never have to go looking for new music again - Wget will do all the work for you .
Install Wget
Wanna give all this a try ?
Windows users , you can download
Wget here ; Mac users , go here .
An alternative for Windows users interested in more Linuxy goodness is to download and install the Unix emulator Cygwin which includes
Wget and a whole slew of other ' nixy utilities , too .
Advertisement
For the full take on all of Wget 's secret options sauce , type wget -- help or check out the full - on Wget manual online .
No matter what your downloading task may be , some combination of Wget 's extensive options will get the job done just right .
Any Lifehacker readers fans of Wget ?
What do you use this versatile tool for ?
Let us know in the comments or at tips at lifehacker.com .
Advertisement
Gina Trapani , the editor of Lifehacker , spends way too much time testing out various Wget option recipes .
Her semi- weekly feature , Geek to Live , appears every Wednesday and Friday on Lifehacker .
Subscribe to the Geek to Live feed to get new installments in your newsreader .
Swede Anders Hoegstroem arrived in Warsaw on a Polish military aircraft Friday before being transferred to Krakow , where he faces charges of theft of the infamous sign .
Krakow prosecutors hope to begin the hearing on Monday .
Hoegstroem 's attorney Bjoern Sandin has said his client could receive up to 10 years in prison for charges of stealing , destroying and selling a cultural object of importance .
Polish justice officials indicted Hoegstroem in January for suspected involvement in the December theft of the infamous Auschwitz sign , which translates to " Work Will Set You Free . "
Authorities issued a warrant for Hoegstroem 's arrest on February 2 , and Swedish police arrested him nine days later .
Hoegstroem ( right ) denies the charges against him
Five other men have also been arrested in connection with the Auschwitz theft , and three have been tried and sentenced to terms of between 18 months to two and a half years .
Two of the five have said Hoegstroem asked them to steal the sign .
Mastermind or middle - man ?
Hoegstroem founded the Swedish neo-Nazi National Socialist Front in 1994 , and led it for five years before quitting .
He has denied the charges against him , and claimed to Swedish media that his role in the theft was to act as a middle - man , passing the sign from the thieves to a buyer .
He also claimed to have informed Polish police about who was behind the theft .
Authorities recovered the sign cut in three pieces , and returned it to the Auschwitz museum on January 21 , less than a week before ceremonies marked the 65th anniversary of Soviet troops ' liberation of the camp .
acb/epf/AFP
Editor : Catherine Bolsover
The governor made off to a monastery after having affairs with transsexuals , but not before the cops videotaped a tryst , all flesh and white powder , and offered to sell copies to a magazine owned by the prime minister , who , at the time , was rumored to be entangled with an underage Neapolitan model .
Then one of the transsexuals , a Brazilian named Brenda , turned up naked and dead , her laptop computer submerged under a running tap .
Oh , yeah , and the drug dealer who supplied cocaine to the governor and Brenda would meet his own demise .
It ’s an odd coincidence .
Note to reader :
The writer would love to pretend he has made all this up , but this is Italy , where one ’s imagination pales beside the operatic brio of real - life librettos that unfold with delicious , unseemly decadence .
Piero Marrazzo , a married governor and onetime crusading TV reporter , was having a dalliance with Natalie on a July afternoon when four cops burst into her apartment and began recording with a cellphone camera .
Marrazzo , blushing in his skivvies , found himself the victim of blackmail , while Natalie , a transsexual with an artistic flair for makeup , hit YouTube and the news show circuit .
Marrazzo resigned his government post and reportedly sought refuge in a Benedictine monastery .
The police officers were arrested and charged with extorting about $ 27,500 from Marrazzo to keep the video hush - hush , even as they were peddling their scratchy little production to potential buyers .
Unpleasant as it all was , the tawdriness might have vanished in the clamor of unending Italian scandals had Brenda , who was Natalie ’s friend and Marrazzo ’s other lover , not been found dead in November .
She was asphyxiated when a suitcase surrounded by candles caught fire in her flat , filling it with smoke .
Police say Brenda was drinking heavily and may have passed out , but that does n’t explain why the laptop had been doused .
It ’s just the kind of revelation that sends the Italian media into a buzzing espresso high .
What was on the computer ?
More politicians in various throes of ecstasy and stages of undress ?
Prosecutor Giancarlo Capaldo does n’t think so .
Investigators found no incriminating tales on the hard drive , but Capaldo , a circumspect man , believes that Brenda was slain and so was the drug dealer , Gianguerino Cafasso , who overdosed in September on heroin and cocaine .
People here mutter of a byzantine , puppet - master political conspiracy to set up Marrazzo , an opposition center - left politician , and rub out anyone connected with the case , but there ’s no proof .
It appears to be a blackmail scheme by sloppy cops , but in Italy -- think of poor Caesar -- the tantalizing aura of political intrigue is too hard to ignore .
“ We do n’t know if anyone outside of the four officers was involved , ” Capaldo said , predicting that the killings would be solved within weeks , but not disclosing the identities of the suspects .
“ The crime has potential political value .
It speaks to the kind of political battle that ’s fashionable these days in which one reaches to destroy his enemy not on the political stage but on a personal level . ”
Enter billionaire Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi , whose ego is somewhere between the size of his wardrobe and his bank account .
A magazine in his media empire , Chi , was offered the video of Marrazzo and Natalie ; the cops were arrested before negotiations got very far .
But Berlusconi , a center - right politician , knows a political gift when he sees one .
He likes to remind voters of Marrazzo ’s , shall we say , exotic sexual proclivities while hinting at , but not quite admitting , his own more traditional conquests .
Berlusconi , 73 , has denied allegations of an affair with the teenage model , saying that nothing “ spicy ” happened .
He has also suggested he was unaware that women at his villas , some romping naked , others dressed as Santa Claus , were escorts .
His wife wants a divorce .
In a speech last month , the prime minister said , “ When I see women , you know , I lose the thread of the conversation .
But do you prefer people like me or the other ones , Marrazzo , for example ? ”
Ouch .
Word in the Italian press is that Marrazzo has done his penance and quit the monastery .
He wants his old job back on state TV , which in a strange way may make him beholden to Berlusconi , who as head of the government has influence within the network .
Which brings us back to where it all started : Natalie ’s apartment on Via Gradoli , the street where decades ago the leader of Italy ’s murderous Red Brigades lived and the nation ’s intelligence services reportedly rented addresses .
The portiere said that Natalie had left to spend time north in Perugia .
Via Gradoli led to a wider boulevard and then to Via Due Ponti , where , through an underpass and up a hill , the door to Brenda ’s flat was crisscrossed with police tape .
Brazilian transsexual prostitutes peeked from doorways ; it was afternoon and they had yet to put on their working faces .
China , as she calls herself , said , “ Brenda could have been murdered .
There ’s lots of fear .
It ’s a big mess .
Oh , and by the way , I only grant interviews if I get paid . ”
She waved her hand and disappeared upstairs to meet Raphael , another friend of Brenda who also intimately knew Marrazzo , but like China , talks only for money .
Alessia strolled up wearing a knit cap and carrying a purse of blue feathers .
She said Brenda threw tantrums , took drugs and often seemed lost .
“ But then she started seeing Marrazzo , ” she said .
“ He came here many afternoons , and Brenda told me , ‘ Alessia , we have no problems anymore . ’
So we went shopping . ”
Alessia glanced down at her ripped coat and unpainted nails : “ I become more beautiful at night . ”
China signaled from upstairs for Alessia to stop talking for free .
Alessia considered this , mumbled something about a nightmare and wandered away .
Doors closed and it grew quiet on the edge of town .
jeffrey.fleishman
@latimes.com
Heron -Centric : Ruminations of a Language Designer
Heron 1.0 Alpha 3 : Compile - Time Reflection , the HeronEdit IDE , and more
by Christopher Diggins
April 21 , 2010
Summary
The Alpha 3 release of Heron 1.0 is now available for download from Google code .
The completion of a couple of features , such as compile - time code reflection , and the inclusion of an editor , makes this one of the most interesting releases of Heron yet .
Advertisement
Heron 1.0 Alpha 3
The Alpha 3 release of Heron 1.0 is now available for download .
There are a number of minor bug fixes , and a couple of significant new additions : compile - time reflection , a mini IDE , and enhanced duck - typing .
This version is still an Alpha since I am still on the fence whether a couple of features may make it into the official 1.0 gold version .
Compile - Time Reflection ( Metaprogramming )
In previous versions of Heron you could only examine the code model of a Heron program at compile - time ( i.e. compile - time introspection ) .
In this version you have full read and write access to the code model at compile - time .
So for example you could iterate over the functions of a class and insert trace statements where you want .
Compile - time reflection in Heron is enabled by providing a second program entry point called Meta ( ) ( in addition to the run- time entry - point Main ( ) ) .
The Meta( ) function accepts a ProgramDefn object as an argument .
A ProgramDefn type represents the abstract syntax tree ( AST ) of a Heron program and can be modified as much as the programmer desires .
When a Heron program is finally run ( or interpreted ) the Main ( ) function of the transformed AST is run instead of the original .
This means that a programmer can do virtually anything they want to a program at compile - time .
The only caveat is that it wo n't work if the original program was n't a syntactically valid Heron program to begin with .
The following code example demonstrates how compile - time reflection works in Heron , by adding trace statements to all of the functions in the program :
module TestMetaProgramming { imports { console = new Heron. Windows .Console ( ) ; meta = new Heron. Standard.Metaprogramming ( ) ; } methods { Meta( p : ProgramDefn ) { var m : ModuleDefn = p.GetModule ( " TestMetaProgramming " ) ; foreach ( f in m.GetDeclaredMethods ( ) ) { if ( f.name != " Meta " ) { var st = CodeModelBuilder . CreateStatement ( " WriteLine ( \" At function " + f.name + " ( ) \ " ) ; " ) ; f.body.statements .
Prepend ( st ) ; } } } Main ( ) { f( ) ; } f ( ) { WriteLine ( " Nothing to see here , carry on " ) ; } } }
Running this program produces the following output :
At function Main ( )
At function f()
Nothing to see here , carry on
Compile - time code generation can be very useful in a number of ways :
code optimization
static code analysis tools ( e.g. type checkers )
automatic test generation
documentation generation
The HeronEdit mini-IDE
With the Alpha 3 release I have introduced a simple IDE for editing and running Heron programs called HeronEdit .
HeronEdit is effectively with the following enhancements for working with Heron files :
Syntax coloring
On - the - fly parse error reporting
Multi -level undo
Single key - press for running a file
The editor can be programmatically extended via macros ( scripts ) written in Heron .
So while HeronEdit is written in C# , with full source code provided and licened under the MIT License 1.0 , it does provide the interesting ability to be extended using scripts written in Heron .
A sample macro script for HeronEdit can be seen at Macros.heron .
Duck - Typing
Previous versions of Heron supported only explicit duck - typing via the as operator .
Using as an object ( class instance or interface instance ) could be cast to any interface instance as long as the required interfaces were supported .
In the current version of Heron this has been modified so that the as operator is no longer required .
Now simply casting to an interface instance ( i.e. via assignment or by passing a value as an argument to a function ) will cause the object to be coerced into the new type .
Heron also allows type annotations to be omitted .
A value with no type annotation will have its type checked at run-time , and thus provides another form of duck - typing .
Candidate Features for Heron 1.0 Gold
I plan on moving Heron into the beta phase once I have definitively decided whether or not to add support for a couple of features .
These are :
program piping -
One feature that is a must - have in Heron ( whether it is released in 1.0 or I push it back to 1.1 ) is ability to redirect the standard output of a module to the standard input of another module from within Heron .
annotations -
This is another must - have feature , and will probably make it into 1.0 .
Annotations are expressions that are associated with various program elements ( e.g. types , methods , fields ) that can be accessed at compile - time when examining the code model .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion ?
Readers have already posted 2 comments about this weblog entry .
Why not add yours ?
RSS Feed
If you 'd like to be notified whenever Christopher Diggins adds a new entry to his weblog , subscribe to his RSS feed .
About the Blogger
Christopher Diggins is a software developer and freelance writer .
Christopher loves programming , but is eternally frustrated by the shortcomings of modern programming languages .
As would any reasonable person in his shoes , he decided to quit his day job to write his own ( www.heron-language.com ) .
Christopher is the co-author of the C++ Cookbook from O'Reilly .
Christopher can be reached through his home page at www.cdiggins.com.
This weblog entry is Copyright © 2010 Christopher Diggins .
All rights reserved .
PARIS — French President Nicolas Sarkozy on Monday urged the World Bank and other international institutions to help ease financing for civil nuclear - power projects around the world .
In a speech at an international conference in Paris on the theme of access to nuclear power , Mr. Sarkozy said he proposes to " eliminate the ostracism of nuclear energy in international financing . "
" I ...
Like a giant gravity - bending star , Google has grown so massive it is starting to have a measurable effect on Internet traffic flows , an analysis of the company 's activities has found .
The blog analysis by Arbor Network 's Craig Labovitz follows on from his company 's Atlas Observatory Report of last October which offered a fascinating insight into how the Internet is being moulded by a small and decreasing number of super - carriers , with Google at their head .
Arbor has now provided more detail on the astounding explosion of Google 's Internet presence , which as of last summer it estimates as accounting for peak rates of 10 percent of all Internet inter- domain Internet traffic it sees travelling through its servers .
Between June 2007 and a year later , the average traffic percentage grew from around 1 percent to around 2.5 percent ; by last summer the percentage was a minimum of 5 percent and growing .
The main reason was Google 's acquisition of YouTube in 2007 , which consumes huge volumes of video traffic , the application that almost on its own is driving capacity growth at the peer network level .
As significant as their sheer number is how all these Google - related packets move across the Internet .
In mid-2007 , Google used third - party " transit " ( i.e other networks ) for a large percentage of its Internet traffic .
By this February , Arbor reckons that over 60 percent of Google 's traffic was being channelled through direct interconnects that link its massive data centres to one another .
To put this in less technical terms , Google and the customers using its services are not so much using the Internet as Google 's own private corner of it , a peered network wit hin a wider Internetwork .
Arbor 's Labovitz reminds us that Google has apparently spent the last year installing Google Global Cache Servers ( GGCs ) in as many as half of all third - party consumer networks in the US and Europe , which extends the edge of its network into even more data centres .
" Unlike most global carriers , Google 's backbone does not deliver traffic on behalf of millions of subscribers nor thousands of regional networks and large enterprises .
Google 's infrastructure supports , well , only Google , " comments Labovitz .
Famous for its search , e-mail and YouTube video sharing , Google has quietly and relentlessly turned itself into the first super - carrier of the Internet era .
This story , " Google Traffic Dominates the Internet " was originally published by Techworld.com .
THE DEPROLIFERATOR —
Many Americans believe that , since the end of the Cold War , nuclear war is no longer a threat .
Besides , is n’t President Obama tying up loose nuclear ends with his flurry of policy reviews and treaty signings ?
Others are die - hards for deterrence , understandable since ( as I ’ve written ) it ’s the most difficult argument in the world to refute .
The disarmament establishment , meanwhile , dedicates itself to influencing policy but disdains reaching out to the public in any meaningful way .
That war is left to latter - day peaceniks , whose campaigns , as fruity as they are fruitless , only turn off the public because they do little to address the fears that drive Americans into outstretched nuclear arms .
Connecting with a public that ’s either complacent or frightened requires hitherto untapped reserves of ingenuity .
There must be a way , one finds oneself thinking , if we just apply ourselves .
I had n’t gotten around to resorting to prayers — as with many , a last - ditch strategy for me .
But , as if in anticipation , they were answered when I came across an interview at the Center for American Progress website with a man who has found a portal to the public on nuclear disarmament .
Where did he find this rip in the space - time continuum ?
Among , of all people , conservatives .
And of all conservatives , religious conservatives .
It turns out that , lo and behold , contrary to liberal misconceptions , not all of them support “ nuclear apocalypticism ” — that nuclear weapons are simply God ’s way of paving the way for Second Coming of Christ .
In fact , Baptist minister Tyler Wigg - Stevenson , a graduate of Yale Divinity School , poked out this portal himself .
He argues that the elimination of nuclear weapons is actually consistent with conservative Christian theology .
Three years ago he began a project named Two Futures ( 2FP ) .
What , you wonder , are those futures ?
As its website makes clear , we have a choice : “ A world without nuclear weapons or a world ruined by them . ”
Wait — how does Rev. Wigg - Stevenson sell conservative Christians on a policy typically associated with the “ liberal left ” ?
He concedes that it can be difficult .
In the CAP interview , he explains how some to whom he presents the issue of disarmament “ just ca n’t see the way in which our global context has changed .
They ’re still fighting the Cold War . ”
Even though he draws his argument from the Bible and orthodox Christian faith , “ because I ’m advocating a position that ’s traditionally associated with the political left , it feels out of bounds ” to them .
In an email , I asked Rev. Wigg - Stevenson if the prospect of working towards the same end as progressives , many of them secular , is anathema to Evangelicals .
He replied that , out of deference to their sensibilities , he originally worked with Evangelicals alone .
For [ 2 FP ’s ] first 20 months we had no public face — it was just me talking one - on - one with Evangelical leaders to get a broad base of support for the concept .
I felt that it was very important to carve out a “ safe space , ” so to speak , where we could develop a confessional position on nuclear weapons that would have integrity and resonate with the Evangelical community .
But we ’ve now got three years of momentum behind this effort and I feel like we ’re strong enough to work as co-belligerents alongside those with whom we have theological or secondary disagreements .
At the same time , I ’m very conscious to remind people that this does n’t make us “ progressive . ”
Besides , he said in the CAP interview , that “ sort of . . . strict correlation between faith and partisan politics ” is fading .
“ And it ’s misinformed to begin with . …
There ’s never been a more zealous nuclear abolitionist in the Oval Office than Ronald Reagan . ”
Ah , Ronald Reagan — that anti-nuclear resource that , however bountiful , the Left is too proud to use .
Still , even with the devout , “ the moral argument does n’t [ always ] run the show .
The first question that everyone has is , ‘ What makes us safer ? ’
So it ’s important to lead , at least in most contexts , with the fact that nuclear weapons do n’t make us safe any more — that the problems they cause are far worse than any they purport to solve . ”
Darned if Rev. Wigg - Stevenson ’s ideas are n’t also front and center among the conclusions of an organization called U.S. in the World ( USITW ) in a report it generated : Talking about Nuclear Weapons with the Persuadable Middle .
It ’s based on an analysis of various research projects undertaken to facilitate communication with what might be called political independents .
Among its recommendations [ emphasis added ] :
Peace and security advocates should .
. . “ re- frame ” the issue [ of nuclear weapons ] to help people see that it is the existence of the weapons themselves — not who has them — that poses the primary threat to global and national security .
The fact that nuclear weapons are a source of risk — not the fact that they are morally wrong — should be presented as the underlying reason why the issue of nuclear weapons matters .
At least as important to younger evangelicals , said Rev. Wigg - Stevenson , is “ getting to these positions out of their own internal faith logic . …
What I ’ve tried to do in the Two Futures Project is bring an explicitly confessional theology right into the center of our nuclear disarmament argument . ”
For those unfamiliar with confessional theology , he both defined it for us in his email and showed how it incorporates disarmament :
I do n’t mean confessional in the sin-absolution sense , but rather in the older sense of the confessions of faith and doctrine : that is , what we “ confess ” to be true — a technical term in theology with historical roots in the origins of the faith , when Christians were likely to be martyred .
So we begin with the “ confession ” that Jesus Christ is Lord .
This distinguishes us from an inter - or multi - faith effort that is more concerned with bringing together people across religious differences in common cause .
I felt that there was a lack in the anti-nuclear community of efforts where Christians could come as Christians and employ their deepest faith commitments to the issue .
So rather than minimizing what makes us particular and peculiar — our faith in Jesus Christ as Lord — we put that front and center .
Rev. Wigg - Stevenson explains those commitments in a piece on the Washington Post website :
We view the Bible as wholly authoritative for any theological claims we make , and consequentially conduct our analysis primarily from a perspective of Just War thinking , a biblically - grounded theological framework that has guided Christian moral discernment regarding the use of force for centuries .
In connection with Just War theory , he addresses the Obama administration ’s assurance in its Nuclear Posture Review that the United States pledges not to use nuclear weapons against non-nuclear powers that have signed and are in compliance with the nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty .
Why , the flabbergasted questioning goes , would we take options off the table ?
Well , we take options off the table all the time , because values matter .
If we were attacked with chemical or biological weapons , would we slaughter civilians in an enemy ’s capital city in response ? …
There ’s nothing wrong with a strong military . ….
But if we take seriously the whole witness of Scripture , we must also recognize that the unfettered pursuit of strength — fearing mortal enemies more than God ’s judgment — in fact leads to an ungodly arrogance and idolatry .
… we cannot simply take a secular utilitarian , value - less approach to security policy .
[ Emphasis added . ]
Though Rev. Wigg - Stevenson and Two Futures do n’t actually come out and say it , what ’s implied is that the sanctity of the state comes in a distant second to that of the Kingdom of Heaven .
Stay tuned for my next dialogue with him in which I ask : “ If the United States were threatened with nuclear attack while it ’s gradually disarming , should it refuse to respond in kind and thus risk dissolution of the state ? ”
Or as a commenter to the Washington Post piece , one Arancia 12 , said :
I do not believe in survival at any cost .
…
Death is not the worst thing that can happen to a Christian .
Not living as a Christian is the worst thing that can happen to a Christian .
As for working together in the future with progressives , one point of convergence that Rev. Wigg - Stevenson sees is for all to support H. Res. 278 , a bill currently in the House Subcommittee on Foreign Affairs sponsored by Rep. James McGovern of Massachusetts .
The “ Global Securities Priority Resolution ” recognizes the “ need to address the threat of international terrorism and protect the international security of the United States by reducing the number of and accessibility to nuclear weapons and preventing their proliferation , and directing a portion of the resulting savings towards child survival , hunger , and universal education . ”
When it comes to least likely suspects for leading the charge to disarmament , the Two Futures Project has now officially surpassed Henry Kissinger , Sam Nunn , George Shultz , William Perry , and their “ Four Horsemen ” op - eds for the Wall Street Journal .
First posted at the Faster Times .
2 ch ’s more disturbing denizens have been sharing the results of their efforts at figure and anime goods appreciation – this apparently involves onanistic exertions at the expense of the unfortunate product in question .
Those who wish to avoid seeing the splatter and instead just marvel aghast at the tasteless depravity of these otaku can skip straight to the comments .
The naïve or faint of heart might like to assume these otaku have used condensed milk to simulate bodily fluids – this is the usual method amongst such circles .
It 's a popular story , but all the evidence tells us that no Jews were in Egypt at the time of the Pyramids .
by Brian Dunning
Filed under Ancient Mysteries , History & Pseudohistory , Religion
Skeptoid Podcast # 191
February 2 , 2010
Podcast transcript | Subscribe
Listen :
https://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4191.mp3
The stories we hear in Sunday school seem to form the basis for the popular belief that Jewish slaves were forced to build the pyramids in Egypt , but they were saved when they left Egypt in a mass Exodus .
That 's the story I was raised to believe , and it's what 's been repeated innumerable times by Hollywood .
In 1956 , Charlton Heston as Moses went head to head with Yul Brynner as Pharaoh Ramesses II in The Ten Commandments , having been placed into the Nile in a basket as a baby to escape death by Ramesses ' edict that all newborn Hebrew sons be killed .
More than 40 years later , DreamWorks told the same story in the animated Prince of Egypt , and the babies died again .
In 1977 , Israeli prime minister Menachem Begin visited Egypt 's National Museum in Cairo and stated " We built the pyramids . "
Perhaps to the surprise of a lot of people , this sparked outrage throughout the Egyptian people , proud that they had built the pyramids .
The belief that Jews built the pyramids may be prominent throughout Christian and Jewish populations , but it 's certainly not the way anyone in Egypt remembers things .
Pop culture has a way of blurring pseudohistory and real history , and many people end up never hearing the real history at all ; and are left with only the pseudohistory and no reason to doubt it .
This is not only unfortunate , it 's dangerous .
In the words of Primo Levi inscribed front and center inside Berlin 's Holocaust Museum , " It happened , therefore it can happen again . " 20th century Jewish history is probably the most important , and hardest learned , lesson that humanity has ever had the misfortune to be dealt .
Forgetting or distorting history is always wrong , and is never in anyone 's best interest .
I 've heard some Christians say the Bible is a literal historical document , thus Jewish slaves built the pyramids ; and I 've heard some non-religious historians say there 's no evidence that there were ever Jews in ancient Egypt .
Both can't be true .
To find the truth , we need to take a critical look at the archaeological and historical evidence for the history of Jews in Egypt .
In order to do this responsibly , we first have to put aside any ideological motivations that would taint our efforts .
We 're not going to say such research is sacrilegious because it seeks to disprove the Bible or the Torah ; we 're not going to say such research is a moral imperative because religious accounts are deceptive ; and we 're not going to pretend that such research is racially motivated against either Jews or Egyptians .
We simply want to know what really happened , because true history is vital .
Note :
The Bible actually does n't mention pyramids at all ; that came from Herodotus .
See below .
–BD
One of the first things you find out is that it 's important to get our definitions right .
Terms like Jew and Hebrew are thrown around a lot in these histories , and they 're not the same thing .
A Jew is someone who practices the Jewish religion .
A Hebrew is someone who speaks the Hebrew language .
An Israelite is a citizen of Israel .
A Semite is a member of an ethnic group characterized by any of the Semitic languages including Arabic , Hebrew , Assyrian , and many smaller groups throughout Africa and the Middle East .
You can be some or all of these things .
An Israelite need not be a Jew , and a Jew need not be a Hebrew .
Confusion over the use of these terms complicates research .
Hebrews could be well integrated into a non-Jewish society , but modern reporting might refer to them as Jews , which can be significantly misleading .
Now , there are more than just a single question we 're trying to answer here .
Were the Jews slaves in ancient Egypt ?
Were the pyramids built by these slaves ?
Did the Exodus happen as is commonly believed ?
The biggest and most obvious evidence — the pyramids themselves — are an easy starting point .
Their age is well established .
The bulk of the Giza Necropolis , consisting of such famous landmarks as the Great Pyramid of Cheops and the Sphinx , are among Egypt 's oldest large pyramids and were completed around 2540 BCE .
Most of Egypt 's large pyramids were built over a 900 year period from about 2650 BCE to about 1750 BCE .
We also know quite a lot about the labor force that built the pyramids .
The best estimates are that 10,000 men spent 30 years building the Great Pyramid .
They lived in good housing at the foot of the pyramid , and when they died , they received honored burials in stone tombs near the pyramid in thanks for their contribution .
This information is relatively new , as the first of these worker tombs was only discovered in 1990 .
They ate well and received the best medical care .
And , also unlike slaves , they were well paid .
The pyramid builders were recruited from poor communities and worked shifts of three months ( including farmers who worked during the months when the Nile flooded their farms ) , distributing the pharaoh 's wealth out to where it was needed most .
Each day , 21 cattle and 23 sheep were slaughtered to feed the workers , enough for each man to eat meat at least weekly .
Virtually every fact about the workers that archaeology has shown us rules out the use of slave labor on the pyramids .
It was n't until almost 2,000 years after the Great Pyramid received its capstone that the earliest known record shows evidence of Jews in Egypt , and they were neither Hebrews nor Israelites .
They were a garrison of soldiers from the Persian Empire , stationed on Elephantine , an island in the Nile , beginning in about 650 BCE .
They fought alongside the Pharaoh 's soldiers in the Nubian campaign , and later became the principal trade portal between Egypt and Nubia .
Their history is known from the Elephantine Papyri discovered in 1903 , which are in Aramaic , not Hebrew ; and their religious beliefs appear to have been a mixture of Judaism and pagan polytheism .
Archival records recovered include proof that they observed Shabbat and Passover , and also records of interfaith marriages .
In perhaps the strangest reversal from pop pseudohistory , the papyri include evidence that at least some of the Jewish settlers at Elephantine owned Egyptian slaves .
More info :
For a discussion of why ancient Jews would have still celebrated Passover even if the Exodus never happened , see this followup .
–BD
Other documentation also identifies the Elephantine garrison as the earliest immigration of Jews into Egypt .
The Letter of Aristeas , written in Greece in the second century BCE , records that Jews had been sent into Egypt to assist Pharaoh Psammetichus I in his campaign against the Nubians .
Psammetichus I ruled Egypt from 664 to 610 BCE , which perfectly matches the archaeological dating of the Elephantine garrison in 650 .
If Jews were not in Egypt at the time of the pyramids , what about Israelites or Hebrews ?
Israel itself did not exist until approximately 1100 BCE when various Semitic tribes joined in Canaan to form a single independent kingdom , at least 600 years after the completion of the last of Egypt 's large pyramids .
Thus it is not possible for any Israelites to have been in Egypt at the time , either slave or free ; as there was not yet any such thing as an Israelite .
It was about this same time in history that the earliest evidence of the Hebrew language appeared : The Gezer Calendar , inscribed in limestone , and discovered in 1908 .
And so the history of Israel is very closely tied to that of Hebrews , and for the past 3,000 years , they 've been essentially one culture .
But if neither Jews nor Israelites nor Hebrews were in Egypt until so many centuries after the pyramids were built , how could such a gross historical error become so deeply ingrained in popular knowledge ?
The story of Jewish slaves building the pyramids originated with Herodotus of Greece in about 450 BCE .
He 's often called the " Father of History " as he was among the first historians to take the business seriously and thoroughly document his work .
Herodotus reported in his Book II of The Histories that the pyramids were built in 30 years by 100,000 Jewish slaves .
Unfortunately , in his time , the line between historical fact and historical fiction was a blurry one .
The value of the study of history was not so much to preserve history , as it was to furnish material for great tales ; and a result , Herodotus was also called the " Father of Lies " and other Greek historians of the period also grouped under the term " liars " .
Many of Herodotus ' writings are considered to be fanciful by modern scholars .
Coincidentally , the text of the Book of Exodus was finalized at just about exactly the same time as Herodotus wrote The Histories .
Obviously , the same information about what had been going on in Egypt 2,000 years before was available to both authors .
Note :
In point of fact , Herodotus only says 100,000 " workers " .
He does not mention either Jews or slaves .
So even this popular belief seems to be in error , and the origin of the idea of Jews building the pyramids remains a mystery .
–BD
Which brings us to the final question :
Was there a mass Exodus of Jewish slaves out of Egypt ?
There is no record of any such thing ever happening , and the simple reason is that there is no time in which it could have happened .
No Egyptian record contains a single reference to anything in Exodus ; and by the time there were enough Jews living in Egypt to constitute an Exodus , the time of the pyramids was long over .
And Pharaoh Ramesses can be let off the hook as well : With apologies to Yul Brynner , no documentary or archaeological evidence links any of the Pharaohs bearing this name with plagues or Jewish slaves or edicts to kill babies .
Indeed , the earliest , Ramesses I , was n't even born until more than a thousand years after the Great Pyramid was completed .
His grandson , the great Ramesses II , lived even later .
Some historians have attempted to rationalize the Exodus by drawing parallels to certain cities and trade centers that grew and shrank over the centuries for various reasons .
Perhaps one of these economic shifts inspired the story of Exodus .
Well , perhaps it did , but the nature of such a migration is , quite obviously , fundamentally different than that depicted in Exodus .
The pseudohistory of ancient Egypt is disrespectful to both Jews and Egyptians .
It depicts the Jews as helpless slaves whose only contribution was sweat and broken backs , when in fact the earliest Jewish immigrants were respected allies to the Pharaoh and provided Egypt with a valuable service of both trade and defense .
The pseudohistory also takes away from the Egyptians their due credit for construction of humanity 's greatest architectural achievement , and portrays them as evil , bloodthirsty slavemasters .
Pretty much every culture in the world at that period in history included slavery and conflict , and the Egyptians probably were n't any better or worse than most peoples .
Understanding history is essential to understanding ourselves .
Although a story like Exodus is profoundly important to so many people throughout the world , the history it describes is false ; and the faithful are best advised to seek value in it other than as a mere list of events .
Doing so opens the door to a better comprehension of who we are as humans , and it's that shared history that will always unite us — no matter our race , color , or culture .
It 's just one more little service provided by good science .
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning
The police are now saying that the person fatally struck by the train was a woman , not a girl .
Inspector James Murtagh , a police official at the scene , said she was in her 40s .
He did not offer further details .
A girl was crushed to death between a subway train and the platform at the 77th Street station of the No. 6 train on Thursday afternoon , officials said .
The police said that the girl had jumped to the tracks .
Two eyewitnesses said that she had dropped her backpack and gone down to retrieve it .
Ninnie Hernandez , 13 , a seventh - grader at Wagner Middle School on Manhattan ’s Upper East Side , said that she was on the southbound platform when she said a teenage girl with blond hair and a blue sweater jump down from the platform on the northbound side .
“ She dropped her backpack and she jumped in , ” Ninnie said .
A northbound train came charging into the station .
“ People were telling her to lie down , ” said Jahmal Reid , also 13 , who said he was standing with Ninnie .
“ But she was too scared . ”
The witnesses said the girl tried to pin her body flat against the platform wall , but she was crushed by the train as it pulled into the station .
The packed train came to a stop most of the way into the station .
Part of the girl ’s head and arm were visible between the platform and a door of a car toward the front of the train .
Passengers inside the car were screaming .
The Fire Department confirmed that the girl had died .
Glenda Farr , 52 , of Harlem , was in the second or third car .
“ We felt a horrible thud , ” she said , and then the lights went off in the train .
“ It was horrible .
I ’ve never felt anything like it , that terrible boom . ”
The lights started flickering and the train went dark momentarily .
A motorman came over the loudspeaker and instructed passengers to walk to the front of the train to exit .
Much of the train was still in the tunnel , she said .
Celeste Arthur , a traffic enforcement agent , was in the first car on her way home from work , when the motorman began beeping his horn .
She heard three or four urgent , lengthy honks , before the crash .
“ I heard this blowing and then the impact .
You felt it , ” she said .
She described a slightly panicked but orderly exit from the train , which had been fairly crowded .
The platform was full of schoolchildren , she said .
Neelema Singh , 17 , a college student from the Bronx , described a chaotic scene as she exited the train .
“ A lot of kids were running and crying , ” she said .
The train was moved out of the station at 5 p.m .
Anne Barnard , Michael S. Schmidt and Liz Robbins contributed reporting .
I ’ve spent much of the past two decades visiting factories where our stuff is made and dumps where it is disposed of around the world .
After years of seeing firsthand the often hidden environmental , social , and health impacts of all the stuff we consume , I ’ve developed a sort of neurosis :
When I look at a product — a disposable coffee cup , a cell phone , a piece of clothing — its entire life cycle flashes before my eyes .
Instinctively , some part of my brain runs through images of oil fields in Ogoniland , garment factories in Port - au - Prince , factories in Gujarat , ships crisscrossing the ocean , and dumps here and abroad .
It ’s a fascinating neurosis to have , but to be honest , it has been lonely sometimes .
While many friends and colleagues work on more photogenic issues like rainforest preservation or more visible issues like social inequity , I have often been alone in my fascination with trash .
No longer .
It ’s true : I do love exploring garbage , visiting dumps , and rifling through trash cans in new cities .
But for me , garbage never has been the end point ; it is an entree to much deeper economic , social , and environmental issues — the same issues that many are working to address .
Over the years , I ’ve learned that we ca n’t solve the waste problem by working only on waste .
We must examine the economic and cultural forces that drive such massive waste production and somehow make it seem tolerable .
In the same way , we ca n’t solve the climate crisis , resource depletion , or social injustice until we see what ’s driving those problems .
And when we look deep enough , we see that many of the drivers are the same .
Looking deeper can be hard and intimidating .
It is much easier to call for a forest to be saved or a toxic chemical to be eliminated from consumer products than it is to ask the tough questions about how we ’re treating each other and the planet .
While I once felt like a marginalized garbage - nut , I now realize I am part of a massive community of people , all over the world , who know deep in our hearts that something is wrong .
In late 2007 , Free Range Studios and I made an animated film , The Story of Stuff , which sought to spark conversation about the hidden impacts of the stuff we consume .
Our hope was that The Story of Stuff would inspire viewers to think about the underlying connections among a range of issues and to think big about alternatives beyond individual campaigns .
Since we posted the film online at www.storyofstuff.org, viewers in some 200 countries and territories have visited the site more than 7.5 million times .
The film has been shown in universities , churches , and community meetings , and even on television .
The response has amazed me in two ways .
First , I ’m inspired and delighted by the breadth and volume of positive feedback .
We ’ve been flooded with emails from people for whom the film resonated .
Many have written to thank us for articulating something they felt but could n’t quite express .
We ’ve heard from people new to these issues , who tell us that the film turned on a light switch of awareness , motivating them to rethink their relationship to stuff .
And we ’ve heard from longtime activists who ’ve worked on one piece of the materials economy for years without thinking much about the broader system .
One day I received emails from both an Oxford University economics professor and a fourth - grader from Michigan .
The professor , originally from India , explained that in Punjab there is an expression : to enclose the ocean in a bowl .
“ The Story of Stuff , ” he said “ covers so much that it encloses the ocean in a bowl . ”
The fourth - grader , who had seen the film in class , said The Story of Stuff was “ totally awesome ” and filled the page with dozens of electronic smiley faces .
We ’ve heard from people who have incorporated The Story of Stuff into teaching curricula , who have written songs or created puppet shows based on it , and who have organized neighborhood stuff swaps inspired by the newfound desire to have less stuff and more community .
Watch : The Story of Stuff
While I once felt like a marginalized garbage - nut , I now realize I am part of a massive community of people , all over the world , who know deep in our hearts that something is wrong .
Our economy is off track .
Half the world ’s population lives on less than $ 2.50 a day , unable to meet basic needs , while a handful of people amass obscene levels of wealth .
Our industries convert the planet ’s resources into wastelands while pumping out toxic chemicals so pervasive that they are now present in every body , even in those of newborn infants .
And our culture encourages us to find fulfillment in rampant consumerism rather than compassion and connection .
The outpouring of support has shown me that many , many people recognize these problems and want change — enough to actually make that change !
It ’s not just a few little pockets of us in eco-hotspots .
All around the world , parents , students , farmers , activists , religious leaders , writers , engineers , scientists , fisher folk , businesspeople , and many others are standing up , speaking out , calling for a new kind of economy and culture that serves the planet and its people , rather than sacrifices these for the economic benefit of the few .
So , in spite of the dire data on the state of the planet , I find myself more full of hope than ever .
I am not alone .
We are not alone .
At the same time , another response has surprised me .
This one is much smaller , but makes up in viciousness what it lacks in both size and critical reflection .
Since the film ’s launch , both it and I have been accused of being anti-American and of terrorizing viewers .
I ’ve even been called “ Marx in a ponytail . ”
I ’ve received hate mail , with messages such as “ you should move to a mud hut in Afghanistan if you do n’t like stuff ” and “ you ’re a traitor for questioning consumption . ”
There ’s even a blog discussing the best physical violence I deserve for daring to raise these issues .
Every leader I admire throughout history has faced far greater threats than Fox News talk show hosts .
These responses make me sad , not so much for me , but for the sorry state of discourse in this country .
What does it mean for our country if one must endure such hatred for raising important issues about resource depletion , toxic chemicals , worker safety , economic justice , and overconsumption ?
Why is it not seen as a service to our country to point out where we ’ve gone astray , where our economic and industrial system is no longer serving the vast majority of the country ’s — or the planet ’s — people ?
Why is it so unacceptable to say , “ We could do better ” ?
Is n’t saying so a sign of respect ?
Of hope ?
I know we can do better .
We can design and make our products without trashing the environment or our health .
We can share the planet ’s resources more fairly .
We can replace a culture of out - of - control consumerism with one of wonder and appreciation for this phenomenal planet and the people with whom we share it .
Now that I know how many people share this vision , I am more confident than ever that we can bring about this transition .
And now that I ’ve seen the viciousness of the resistance firsthand , I see more clearly the structural and cultural obstacles we ’ll face .
But for those seeking to make the world a better place , facing resistance is nothing new .
Every leader I admire throughout history has faced far greater threats than Fox News talk show hosts .
We ’ll succeed if we keep our focus on the end goal — building a sustainable and just society .
A first step in that direction is advancing a rational , informed , and respectful conversation about what is and is not working in our current economic and industrial system .
There are many things that simply are n’t working , yet these issues remain beyond the attention of mainstream media and elected officials .
We ’ve got to turn up the volume on these conversations and refuse to let the attacks on us stifle discussion and dissent .
So write articles and blogs , ask questions in classes and church , visit elected officials , and raise these issues everywhere you go .
With climate change as severe as it is , the future of the planet as we know it is at stake .
Now would be a good time to get people to start talking about solutions .
The Story of Stuff Project is going to continue doing our part to turn up the volume on these discussions .
We ’re partnering with allied organizations to produce new films and launch an interactive website that allows viewers to share information and take collective action .
We need to be courageous , we need to support each other moving forward , and we need to stay focused , think big , and love strong .
And , in doing so , we wo n’t be alone .
Does Arizona 's tough new immigration law , set to take effect in 90 days , protect the innocent from police abuses ?
Generally speaking , the law signed by Republican Gov. Jan Brewer on April 23 , 2010 , makes being an illegal immigrant a state crime and requires legal immigrants to carry papers that confirm their legal status .
One of the key questions to emerge has been what standard law enforcement officers would need to use before questioning individuals about their immigration status .
This topic came up on the April 26 edition of the MSNBC program Hardball , in a three - way discussion between host Chris Matthews ; Republican state Sen .
John Huppenthal , a supporter of the new law ; and former Democratic state Sen.
Alfredo Gutierrez , an opponent of the law .
Here is an excerpt from their conversation , edited for space :
Matthews : " Under the law you passed and was signed by the governor this week , can a police officer who spots a car with five or six people in it , who he thinks because of instinct , experience , whatever , evidence , whatever you use -- can he stop that car and say , I think these people are here illegally , I 'm going to stop and check them ?
Can he under the law do that , without any crime involved ?
Can he do that ? "
Huppenthal : " No , he cannot .
That would be -- that would just simply be racial profiling , and that would not be permitted under the law .
Now , if he stopped them for speeding or something like that , he can inquire of the driver at that point if they were an illegal immigrant .
But you 're not going to find that kind of activity .
That kind of kind of activity is not going to be -- that 's not going to be a part of training .
What is going to be a part of training , I arrest somebody for burglary , I arrest them for DUI , I arrest them after they 've maimed somebody .... "
Gutierrez : " Obviously , the senator has n't read his own bill .
What this bill does is , it says that any police officer can stop anyone who appears to them to be reasonably suspicious of being an undocumented person .
And I 'm going tell you something , if you and I are walking down the street , you 're not going to be the subject ... of reasonable suspicion .
He is simply wrong about his own bill .
I suggest he read it . "
We 'll rate Gutierrez ' contribution to this conversation in a separate item .
Here we 'll tackle Huppenthal 's comment .
Let 's start by looking at exactly what the law says .
Here 's the part telling law enforcement officers that they need to check on individuals ' immigration status :
" For any lawful contact made by a law enforcement official or a law enforcement agency of this state or a law enforcement official or a law enforcement agency of a county , city , town or other political subdivision of this state where reasonable suspicion exists that the person is an alien who is unlawfully present in the United States , a reasonable attempt shall be made , when practicable , to determine the immigration status of the person , except if the determination may hinder or obstruct an investigation . "
So a key question is whether there be " reasonable suspicion " about someone 's legal status in the absence of a crime -- major or minor -- being committed or suspected .
If the answer is yes , it would undercut Huppenthal 's argument .
In discussing these questions with legal experts , we found that everyone agreed that there 's some gray area that will need to be sorted out in future court decisions .
That said , the general consensus was that police could indeed stop someone even in the absence of suspicion that a crime was being committed .
Peter Spiro , a Temple University law professor , said that law enforcement officers can use profiling rather than suspicions of a specific crime being committed .
" Police departments come up with profiles that can establish a resonable suspicion , " Spiro said .
Such profiles " entitle an officer to stop someone and say , ' I 'd like to ask you some questions ? '
The officer can then investigate , which could lead to probable cause . "
And at that point , Spiro said , an immigration status check would be acceptable under the Arizona law -- even if no specific crime was witnessed or suspected .
" If you came up with a profile for undocumented immigrants , that would establish reasonable suspicion , and you could stop that person even if no other crime was suspected , " he said .
This would seem to undercut Huppenthal 's position .
But one factor in his favor is that it 's not necessarily easy to use profiles in this way .
Spiro said the challenge is drawing up a defensible profile for spotting illegal immigrants .
" You can't stop someone just because they look Hispanic , " Spiro said , because the law specifically says that officers " may not solely consider race , color or national origin . "
As a result , Spiro said , " there has to be some other factor or factors , not all of which are race - based , as well as some empirical explanation of why that profile establishes a reasonable suspicion .
You have to come up with something beside race that sounds plausible as correlating with undocumented status , and it's hard to say what that would be . "
There are other reasons to believe that someone could be questioned on their immigration status without a police officer actually suspecting a crime .
Jennifer Chacon , law professor at the University of California ( Irvine ) , raises concerns about the phrase " lawful contact . "
" Lawful contact can occur in many instances when there is no reasonable suspicion of a crime , " she said .
" A consensual encounter , such as asking a police officer for directions , reporting a crime to a police officer , or being a victim of a crime or a witness and being questioned by a police officer , is a ' lawful encounter . '
Also lawful are some stops premised on absolutely no individualized reasonable suspicion -- think about DUI checkpoints where everyone is stopped even if there is no individualized suspicion for the stop .
The bill is clear that so long as the initial encounter is lawful , a police officer can then ascertain my legal status upon suspicion that I am undocumented .
So Huppenthal is wrong if he maintains that only those suspected of criminal activity can be questioned regarding status .
Under the plain language of the law , any time the police engage in a lawful encounter , that is enough to trigger the inquiry into status upon reasonable suspicion . "
And some of the potential crimes that could lead to questioning involve seemingly innocuous actions .
In an effort to curb day - laborer gathering points -- the ad - hoc spots where illegal immigrants have often offered themselves as informal laborers -- the law makes it unlawful " for a person to enter a motor vehicle that is stopped on a street , roadway or highway in order to be hired by an occupant of the motor vehicle and to be transported to work at a different location if the motor vehicle blocks or impedes the normal movement of traffic . "
It also is now " unlawful for a person who is unlawfully present in the United States and who is an unauthorized alien to knowingly apply for work [ or ] solicit work in a public place . "
And how does the law define " solicit " ?
As a " verbal or nonverbal communication by a gesture or a nod that would indicate to a reasonable person that a person is willing to be employed . "
So , presumably , anyone getting into a car , or making a gesture or a nod in a public place , could fall under suspicion of violating these laws -- which in turn could open the door to an individual being questioned about their immigration status .
None of this means that law enforcement officers will fully exercise these powers -- or that judges will let them .
But most legal experts we asked felt that the law opened the door to police questioning of individuals who are not specifically suspected of committing a crime .
Perhaps the ambiguities of the law will one day be settled in the courts .
But we think that a close reading of the statute and the views of the experts we contacted allow us to draw some conclusions .
Huppenthal 's position -- that the police must suspect that something illegal is being committed before asking someone for proof of legal status -- is not correct .
The law says the police officer just needs " reasonable suspicion ' ' that the person is an alien who is unlawfully in the United States .
The police are prohibited from using a profile based solely on racial or ethnic factors , but that standard can be sidestepped .
In addition , some seemingly innocuous behaviors like getting in a car or making a gesture or nodding could be seen by a law officer as " reasonable suspicion " of the newly enacted prohibition against seeking work while in the United States illegally .
The passage in the law citing racial profiling does provide some protection , as does the difficulty of defining a profile for illegal immigrants that could pass legal muster , but the law leaves open several possibilities for police questioning individuals without seeing or suspecting a specific crime .
So we rate Huppenthal 's statement False .
The Freedom From Religion Foundation ( FFRF ) is an American freethought organization based in Madison , Wisconsin .
Its purposes , as stated in its bylaws , are to promote the separation of church and state and to educate the public on matters relating to atheism , agnosticism and nontheism .
The FFRF publishes Freethought Today , the only freethought newspaper in North America .
The organization pursues public - interest lawsuits and engages in public debates to further its goals .
Since 2006 , the Foundation has produced the Freethought Radio show , currently the only national freethought radio broadcast in the United States .
WASHINGTON
It does n’t seem right that the Catholic Church is spending Holy Week practicing the unholy art of spin .
Complete with crown - of - thorns imagery , the church has started an Easter public relations blitz defending a pope who went along with the perverse culture of protecting molesters and the church ’s reputation rather than abused  and sometimes disabled and disadvantaged  children .
The church gave up its credibility for Lent.
Holy Thursday and Good Friday are now becoming Cover - Up Thursday and Blame - Others Friday .
This week of special confessions and penance services is unfolding as the pope resists pressure from Catholics around the globe for his own confession and penance about the cascade of child sexual abuse cases that were ignored , even by a German diocese and Vatican office he ran .
BOSTON — Amnesty International released its annual survey on the use of the death penalty .
The report found 18 countries executed people in 2009 .
China is estimated to have executed the most people , but refused to release an official figure .
In the 17 other countries 714 people were executed .
Iran had one of the highest uses of the death penalty in 2009 , which is described in a dispatch by Iason Athanasidis .
GlobalPost asked Joshua Rubenstein , Northeast Regional Director of Amnesty International , about the report on the use of the death penalty worldwide .
What is most notable about the new figures on the death penalty ?
It is interesting to note how confined the death penalty is .
Amnesty International has been doing this survey for 30 years .
When we started the majority of countries had the death penalty on their books .
Judicial execution was widespread .
Today 95 countries have abolished the death penalty .
Another nine countries have abolished it for ordinary crimes but use it for war - time crimes like treason .
A further 35 countries have stopped using the death penalty — meaning that they have not executed anyone for 10 years or that they have suspended , if not abandoned , the death penalty .
So 139 countries of the 192 in the United Nations have abolished or moved away from the death penalty .
This is a historic trend .
And there is no question that we have seen a vivid trend away from the death penalty in 2009 .
In Africa , Burundi and Togo abolished the death penalty .
In Europe we saw no executions at all in 2009 .
Belarus is the only European country to still have the death penalty , and that country did execute someone in the first months of 2010 , but Belarus did not execute anyone in 2009 .
In all the Americas , both North and South , the United States was the only country to use the death penalty .
The U.S. executed 52 people in 2009 .
Of that 24 were in Texas .
The use of the death penalty is dwindling .
Where is the death penalty being used ?
China leads the world in executions .
Amnesty International has refused to publish an exact figure , because the Chinese government has not given us an official figure , saying that it is a state secret .
But we know that thousands have been executed in China .
In 2008 China executed at least 1,700 people and it is unlikely that number has gone down .
If they are using the death penalty , they should be able to make those figures public .
Other countries that do use the death penalty include Iran with 388 by hanging or stoning , Iraq with 120 by hanging , Saudi Arabia with 69 by beheading or crucifixion , and the United States with 52 by lethal injection or electrocution .
The U.S. is virtually alone among recognized democracies to use the death penalty .
In Asia the death penalty is decreasing .
India occasionally executes people but it did not carry any executions out in 2009 .
Thailand does occasionally execute people and Japan rarely .
In sub-Saharan Africa only Botswana and Sudan carried out judicial executions in 2009 .
Kenya commuted the death sentences of 4,000 prisoners who were on death row .
That was the largest commutation of death sentences ever known .
When you look at Texas , the 24 executions there would rank it in the top 10 countries .
What is the outlook for 2010 ?
Saudi Arabia is about to execute a prisoner , a Lebanese citizen for the crime of sorcery .
Amnesty International calls for his release , not just commutation of the death sentence but for his release .
In China , people are being executed if they are convicted of economic crimes like theft of state property and corruption .
In Iran we saw a big spike in executions between the June 12 elections and the August inauguration of Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Some 100 people were executed in that eight week period .
There is no question that there is a political dimension to the use of the death penalty in Iran and there also is in China .
What further changes in the death penalty will Amnesty International press for in the future ?
We ’d like to see the death penalty abolished completely .
Short of that goal , we would like to see fair trials for those who do face the death penalties .
Often the accused facing the death penalty are poor and do not have good legal representation .
We would like to see that all indigent defendants get effective legal counsel and the resources to have a vigorous defense .
We would like to see the end of the death penalty for non-violent crimes .
We will press for an end to the death penalty for non-violent crimes and an end to the execution of people who are connected to the political opposition in their country .
In those cases the death penalty is completely disproportionate to the crime .
If a country is going to use the death penalty then we would like to see rigorous safeguards in place to minimize the chances that innocent people are executed .
We do not believe that any juveniles under the age of 18 should be executed .
Give the Damned Money Back !
A February 17 , 2010 Associated Press article that appeared in the New York Times titled , “ European Union Sets Deadline for Greece to Make Cuts . ”
It said : “ European finance ministers gave the Greek government on Tuesday just a month to show it is making drastic budget cuts in a bid to calm markets and stop Athen ’s debt crisis from spreading to other countries .
… Euro - zone finance ministers said Monday that they want the Greek government to ready new spending cuts , increase sales and energy taxes and impose new levies on luxury goods , including cars if it cannot by mid-March show that it is making hefty deficit reductions .
Greece has promised it will take such extra measures if it has to in order to restore its credibility , shattered by news that it falsified statistics to make its deficit look smaller last year , and that it used complex financial deals to massage figures dating back to 2001 . ”
In other words , if the Greek Government , after lying and cheating on financial deals does n’t squeeze more money out of its workers , The European Union ai n’t gonna help !
But really , what does that mean ?
This is no different than what ’s happening here in the U.S. just as it ’s happening in capitalist countries around the globe .
Through fraud , fakery and debauchery the capitalists around the globe have stolen huge amounts — not just by exploiting workers who create the products that bring in the profits — but by charging over - inflated prices for products that are worth far less .
Of course , the U.S. government can also credit itself with spending tens - of - trillions on wars , occupations and military bases around the world as well as bailouts for the wealthy .
In communities across the country workers are finding out first hand all about over - inflated prices like on housing .
All the little “ concrete mansions ” built recently in “ bedroom communities ” around the country — originally built as “ disposable housing ” — are already falling apart .
With concrete walls and concrete floors that crack and crumble ; and downright faulty appliances that have to be replaced immediately after you move in ; these homes were way overpriced from the get - go , and the banks knew it .
For most workers , this meant moving from the city into a suburb that entails an hour or more commute - time and more mileage on your car .
Not just to get to jobs .
These communities have virtually no public transportation system so workers have to haul their kids around everywhere .
Distances in these suburbs are made for driving , not for walking .
Not to mention the role these suburban housing developments played in urban gentrification , i.e. Black and Brown removal and dispersal !
Those homes , now going unsold for $ 125,000 were sold to anxious - to - buy potential homeowners for $ 550,000 and up !
And they bought them because they could !
Because the banks sold it to them knowing they would not be able to afford it in the long run !
And because they had nothing to lose , and tens - of - billions of dollars in profits to gain .
Families moved to the suburbs by the droves optimistic that they could maintain their $ 3500.00 monthly mortgage payments — not including utilities .
After all , they did have jobs at the time .
And they underestimated the hardship that having no public transportation would have on them .
Banks targeted urban areas that still had relatively large numbers of Black and Brown homeowners , but who were also in debt .
The banks bought their homes with high property values , such as in the predominantly Black Bayview / Hunters ’
Point district of San Francisco , for a steal — for what would become a down payment on a “ new home in the suburbs ” for the former San Francisco homeowner — yet with much more owed to the banks once the deal was sealed !
But the bottom line is , the banks knew that those houses in the suburbs were not worth that kind of money .
They ’re not stupid .
Now millions are in foreclosure and many more are barely hanging on waiting for the roof to fall in — literally and figuratively .
How is this not a criminal offence — a swindle , a fraudulent conspiracy between the banks and government ?
And , if so , why ca n’t they be forced to give the damned money back to those they stole it from ?
Here are some ways workers could get their money back
First and foremost is to end all the wars , close all the U.S. military bases and bring all the troops and mercenary contractors back immediately and turn the Pentagon budget into a human needs budget .
All bailouts to the wealthy should immediately be paid back with interest !
All mortgages should be cut to the actual value of the home .
If a family purchased a home for $ 550,000 and it ’s only worth $ 150,000 , then their mortgage owed to the bank should drop to $ 150,000 minus any mortgage payments already made .
Workers have been ripped - off long enough .
Tax the rich
All social services including comprehensive healthcare should be provided free of charge to all .
It should be paid for by a progressive tax on corporate profits and on individuals with an income over $ 250,000 per year .
According to FactCheck.org , “ Roughly one in 50 households take in more than $ 250,000 a year . ”
That ’s two percent or less of households that would be affected by this progressive taxation .
( Median yearly household income in the U.S. is around $ 50,000 .
That means that about half earn under $ 50,000 and half earn over $ 50,000 . )
According to the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities , 0.02 percent of households ( that ’s two - tenths of one percent of households ) earn over one million dollars a year .
And , according to taxfoundation.org , the people with the top 32 percent of incomes pay no taxes at all !
This must be immediately turned around .
The amount of the progressive tax should be scaled to the cost of rebuilding and hiring people for a Public Works government program of rebuilding infrastructure such as hospitals and healthcare , schools , bridges , roads , mass transportation , alternative power sources and even for rebuilding homes in case of a natural disaster .
And to pay for the repair of all the damages that U.S. wars and occupations have inflicted around the world .
How to provide enough jobs
for everyone
The progressive tax should also be tied to providing jobs to the unemployed in the form of instituting across - the - board at every workplace , a sliding scale of wages and hours .
That is , in order to employ the unemployed , workers ’ hours will be scaled down with no reduction in their pay in order to employ more workers .
That , along with massive rebuilding of infrastructure , will make a job available to anyone who needs one .
This will also require a massive growth in education to train qualified people to fulfill these jobs .
All students should be provided an education through university level and beyond and the means to complete it — food , housing , healthcare , etc. — free of charge so they can concentrate on their studies and become the best they can be .
Wage scales
Wages should be scaled to true inflation .
It should be tied to how much all the basic necessities of life cost — the milk , food , toothbrushes , clothes , shoes , sheets , towels , transportation , etc .
There should be no taxes on earnings of less than $ 250,000 per year .
And there should be no hidden taxes such as parking meters , tickets , etc. , ( drunk and dangerous drivers should not be allowed to drive until sober or retrained effectively , of course . )
All utility bills , cable and Internet bills should be free as they have become a part of modern communication and belong to everyone .
Again this should be paid for by a progressive tax structure — tax the rich ; it ’s workers ’ money anyway !
Workers must take control of their lives worldwide
In order to maintain these very democratic , progressive , pro-labor ( 98 percent of working people do n’t earn more than $ 250,000 per year ) tax and employment initiatives , workers must become organized on the job independently of their employers .
Workers must assume the right to join or form a union by a majority of signatures of employees on a job .
These organizations should be run democratically and no elected union official should earn more than the average pay of the workers they represent .
Only in this way will union officials truly understand the needs of their membership .
To make each and every one of these worker ’s organization powerful and capable of enforcing these pro-labor initiatives , all worker ’s organizations should be united together in a broad , representational , democratically run political organization that would function entirely independently of the employers and with the avowed mission to fight and defend — to withhold their labor in a general strike if necessary — any and all who are a part of their united front of working people anywhere in the world ; and whenever working people are under attack , suffering or threatened by the state or the employer .
Workers have been robbed long enough and need payback !
Workers must stand up and fight for what has been stolen from them for centuries .
Workers are all colors , all beliefs , and all sexual identities .
Workers constitute the overwhelming majority of humanity .
Workers do have the power to enforce these pro-labor initiatives if they can stick together and recognize that it is the system of capitalism , that holds private profit and wealth above all else , that is the cause of all human strife and suffering .
Capitalism stands in the way of humanitarian efforts even in a time of horrific natural disasters like Haiti or Katrina .
They have shown this over and over again just this last decade !
Capitalism ’s plunder of the environment ; its filthy oil spills ; massive generation of waste due to such things as excessive packaging ; its mountain and forest removal ; its poisonous silver and gold mines ; its murderous diamond mines ; must be handed over to the workers to run safely and fairly .
Lives lost must be compensated for to the family members who have suffered the loss .
The massive expense of compensation and clean up must come out of the pockets of big business , not the pockets of working people .
Not out of the pockets of the families of those who lost their lives digging diamonds and gold for the wealthy !
Children in poverty also live in war zones .
The poor steal from the poor because the rich are protected in their homes and the poor have nowhere else to steal from .
( Ask any teenage girl who tried to steal a lipstick from the drugstore .
You get caught most of the time and they “ prosecute ” to the fullest extent of the law these days . )
Workers have been cheated and lied to ; propagandized to death ; pitted against each other ; manipulated ; bullied and imprisoned ; and now they are watching their children being thrust into abject poverty with no future to look forward to and shorter lives to live .
That ’s the nature of capitalism and the purpose it serves — to criminalize masses of people , turn them against one another and collectively hold them responsible for their own poverty .
That ’s what inner-turf and so - called gang wars are about because they are unjust .
All sides suffer living amidst the violence brought on by poverty .
So , even if they ’re lucky enough to dodge a bullet , working - class youth — especially the poorest , non-white , and undocumented youth — are still more likely to land in jail than land a good - paying job or graduate from college .
Workers are experiencing this now on a vastly wider scale .
They are watching their children suffer while billionaires are bailed out and the wars are financed by the taxes and fees workers are forced to pay and that are automatically taken from their paychecks by those very same capitalist thieves !
What can we do ?
The above points are raised as a few of workers ’ common concerns and some practical solutions to the problems they face today .
There are many more solutions that can be put forward by working people planning together independently of the capitalists .
The statistics showing the ratio between the wealthy and the poor is irrefutable .
The wealthiest ruling elite makes up less than two - tenths of one - percent of the population yet owns and controls 98 percent of the wealth that working people produce .
The solution to the economic crisis that working people face today could be solved simply — the capitalists must be made to pay back the damned money they stole ; turn their 28 - room mansions into schools and homes for the homeless ; then go get a real job like everybody else !
For the longest time the federal government has been able to run up debts and postpone the burden of payments for immediate purchases of goods and services .
Interest payments on public debts have stayed somewhere around $ 100 billion , or at least below $ 200 billion per year .
In 2009 the interest paid on federal public debt was $ 187 billion , about 8 % of the total of $ 2,100 billion in tax money collected .
That means around 8 % of the taxes you are currently paying are going to interest payments for expenditures made in the past .
Recent estimates from the GPO predict a rather drastic change :
From now through 2015 the interest paid on the federal debt is estimated to rise to as high as $ 570 billion .
In other words , it is estimated to triple within the next 5 years .
This is up from 8 % to then 27 % of our current tax burden .
To put things in perspective :
The last time this number was a third of what it is today was in 1983 , 27 years ago !
So what used to take 27 years to get us to today ’s levels , could now happen in as little as 5 years .
If this is not explosive growth , then I do n’t know what is .
By the way , the GPO estimates in that same budget that the federal government ’s tax receipts will rise year by year over the next 5 years to reach an impressive $ 3,600 billion in 2015 .
If people trust such rosy numbers , it is understandable that the interest portion can still be sold as justifiable .
Where that tax money is supposed to come from is not really clear to me .
I understand that politicians will say that exciting and fundamental economic growth will be the driver for this .
I would like to submit that this is , as always , rather laughable .
I suggested some very broad and basic estimates for the years to come in terms of tax collections , and was then already closer to the actual numbers than the official estimates .
The president ’s budget estimates tax receipts of $ 2.2 trillion , $ 2.4 trillion , $ 2.7 trillion , and $ 3 trillion for 2009 , 2010 , 2011 , and 2012 , respectively .
These estimates are laughable .
My projections for tax receipts , as I explained in The Coming US Tax Receipt Shortfall : Federal tax receipts will fall to $ 2.25 trillion in 2009 , to $ 2 trillion in 2010 , to $ 1.75 trillion in 2011 , and to $ 1.5 trillion in 2012 .
Meanwhile there is no indication that government expenses will fall .
Even with the current , now completely obsolete , budget estimates for government expenses , the Federal deficit would develop as follows : $ 850 billion for 2009
$ 1 trillion for 2010
$ 1.3 trillion for 2011
$ 1.7 trillion for 2012 These are very optimistic figures .
It would n’t be surprising if actual figures turned out to be around double or triple those numbers , unless a true change in policy were to occur .
Now that we have updated figures on coming expenses it ’s time to update the deficit predictions : $ 1.65 trillion for 2009
$ 1.6 trillion for 2010
$ 1.95 trillion for 2011
$ 2.2 trillion for 2012
Even if a fall in tax receipts were to flat out in 2012 and tax collections were to begin rising again , i still do n’t see how collections should reach a number as high as $ 3,600 billion under current circumstances .
I think the government could be happy if by then they were back to just below what they are collecting today by then !
This is all of course assuming that no drastic changes in the tax code occur , which is of course completely predictable :
If President Obama keeps spending like this , and really wants to cut the deficit in half by 2013 , he will at one point be faced with no other choice but to raise taxes on all Americans , rich , middle class , and poor .
Actually , the rich will always find ways to not pay taxes , which leaves the two former groups as those who will be bearing the heaviest burden .
Yes , as sure as night follows day , the bills for decades of profligacy , corruption , wars and destruction , favoritism and coerced unionism , in other words for big government , are coming due .
And those who will be paying the bills wo n’t be the people who enjoyed the benefits of and asked for all this spending , it will be you and your children , who were never and will never be asked .
Related Posts :
TWO vials , which the owner claims contain the spirits of ghosts exorcised from a house in New Zealand , have been put up for sale on online auction site , TradeMe .
So far , bidding on " Two Captured Ghosts " had reached $ NZ410 ( $ A316 ) , and incited hundreds of comments , with advice ranging from how to get rid of the spirits for good , to the ethics of selling someone else 's captured immortal essence .
Before the exorcism , the seller said he and his partner were plagued by noises , strange " vibes " and the mysterious flicking of switches .
After contacting spiritualist churches , they were referred to an exorcist , who put the ghosts in the bottles .
Since having their troublesome housemates removed last July , the couple had experienced no further disruptions , he said .
The auction description claims the spirits were captured by an exorcist from a spiritual church at a property in Christchurch , the largest city on New Zealand 's South Island .
The seller claims that one spirit belongs to a man who died in the house in the 1920s .
" We have had no ( paranormal ) activity since they were bottled on July 15 , 2009 , " the seller said .
" So I believe they are in the bottles . "
The auction said the " holy water " in the vials dulled the spirit 's energy and put them to sleep .
To revive the spirit , the buyer would need to pour the contents into a dish and let it " evaporate into your house ' ' .
" I just want to get rid of them as they scare me , '' the seller said .
Originally published as Bottled ghosts for sale online
Tiger Woods partied like a rockstar last night -- leaving his Isleworth compound to hang out backstage at a Nickelback concert in Orlando , according to a source at the show .
We 're told Woods was shrouded by security backstage at Amway Arena -- while the band did their thing .
We know Tiger 's a big Nickelback fan -- he 's even joined them on stage in the past ... though last night he kept a much lower profile , for obvious reasons .
More than 160 passengers and crew were on board the United Airlines jet A Qatari diplomat has been freed from custody in the US after allegedly sparking a bomb scare on a plane .
Two F - 16 jets were scrambled to intercept the United Airlines plane , on a flight from Washington to Denver .
Reports said Mohammed al - Madadi , 27 , had smoked in a toilet and then joked about setting fire to his shoes .
No explosives were found .
US officials close to the case told news agencies it was likely Mr Madadi would leave the country .
They said the US would not declare the diplomat , who has immunity from prosecution , " persona non grata " .
However , one official told Agence France - Presse news agency : " His ability to function effectively has been significantly compromised . "
The state department 's official statement , from spokesman Philip Crowley , was : " We are satisfied with the seriousness by which they ( Qatar ) take what has occurred .
That 's why we have confidence that this will be resolved very quickly . "
Prison visit Mr Madadi , the embassy 's third secretary , was released by the US authorities after being questioned , according to a statement by Brown Lloyd James , a law firm representing the Qatari embassy .
Unnamed US officials told Associated Press that Mr Madadi was on his way to attend a prison meeting with jailed al - Qaeda member , Ali al - Marri , at the time .
Investigators were told that Mr Madadi was asked about the smell of smoke in the toilet and he made a joke that he had been trying to light his shoes - an apparent reference to the 2001 " shoe bomber " Richard Reid , AP news agency reported .
Reid , a British citizen , tried to blow up a transatlantic jet carrying 197 passengers with explosives hidden in his footwear .
In a statement , Qatar 's ambassador to the US , Ali Bin Fahad al - Hajri , said the diplomat " was certainly not engaged in any threatening activity " , and " facts will reveal that this was all a mistake " .
The plane , with more than 160 passengers and crew on board , arrived at Denver International Airport from Washington 's Reagan airport .
The crew had asked for the flight to be met on the ground by police , officials said .
The incident came just months after a Nigerian man allegedly tried to detonate a bomb on a passenger jet arriving in the US .
Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab , 23 , was overpowered by passengers and crew shortly before the Northwest Airlines plane landed in Detroit from Amsterdam on 25 December .
He has been charged with attempting to destroy a plane .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There are two extreme camps on either side of the cloud computing argument .
One says everything is moving to the cloud , IT departments will be slashed , and businesses will save millions .
The other says nothing will , due to various concerns such as security , performance and customization ability .
Most businesses already use some cloud - based services , depending on how loosely " cloud " is defined .
First , we must identify what exactly is meant by " the cloud . "
There are two major aspects : hosted applications and infrastructure .
Both are a form of outsourcing , but the implications are vastly different .
We 'll spend a bit of time explaining the differences before exploring the two sides of the cloud debate .
Applications hosted and run by another organization are said to be cloud - based services .
Your bank probably provides a portal for managing various accounts .
Your payroll company or check printing house provides a mechanism by which you can access their application , via a Web site .
Even the most anti-outsourcing businesses use at least a few applications , via the Web , to communicate with partners and service providers .
Taking that one step further , today 's Software as a Service ( SaaS ) models represent the true spirit of cloud - based applications .
Instead of buying a CRM product , for example , and installing it on your servers , you can now simply use the vendor - provided Web access and get all the functionality without the hassle .
Moving to hosted applications saves IT staff time , capital budgets , and hassle .
It makes a great deal of sense to let the people who wrote the software host it for you , since they are the experts .
Many cloud - only service providers have cropped up lately , to fulfill a market demand for hosted applications .
Salesforce is the premiere example , and they have certainly proven that there is space in the market for SaaS companies to re-implement traditional software as hosted solutions .
Infrastructure as a Service is computing outsourcing .
Amazon EC2 provides the infrastructure where you can run operating system instances just as you would do on physical servers in a data center .
Except you do n't buy servers , you rent time on the cloud .
The major selling point is that you can scale up computing resources very quickly with a cloud infrastructure , as opposed to purchasing and installing new servers yourself , but that point is also heavily debated .
The infrastructure component is what most IT people are referring to when they mention clouds .
They are struggling with the options : use EC2 , implement a compatible private cloud themselves , or skip it altogether .
The cloud infrastructure is essentially a better way to manage virtualization .
It is also , some would say , " the right way to run servers . "
Everything Is Moving
The promise of mass deployability of new operating system instances has thankfully forced the IT world as a whole to really embrace automation and configuration management .
Long - time sysadmins often scoff at the marketing buzz around the cloud , because they have accomplished automated deployment and on - going configuration management of running systems a long time ago .
The cloud concept is simply another smart layer , one that balances resources and possibly auto - migrates virtual machines when resource usage changes .
This is a good thing !
It means that everyone agrees we 're headed in the right direction .
The right way to manage systems is with automated virtual machines , and the cloud concept is brilliant .
The " everything is moving to a public cloud " camp believes it makes no sense to run your own servers .
Data centers , cooling , power -- it all is a waste of time and money , unless of course you 're in the hosting business .
Large - scale providers can do it all much more efficiently .
It'll Never Work
Stability is a problem .
If Amazon has taught us anything , it 's that they are n't very good at this cloud thing , or redundancy .
Their storage infrastructure , S3 , has had many outages and consistently under performs .
Why would you move your important business computing needs to a single provider ?
Nobody is immune to outages , regardless of how redundant they are .
Security is another major concern .
If a critical piece of S3 infrastructure becomes compromised , all businesses using S3 will have a major data breach .
The servers running EC2 images , too , are a target for criminal hackers .
It makes more sense to hide critical servers behind a corporate firewall that can be audited , rather than rely on the security of each individual EC2 instance ( and Amazon 's infrastructure ) .
Final Thoughts
At least , that 's the argument .
Personally , I do n't buy the security argument , but stability , reliability and performance are highly suspect .
Another major point of contention is public versus private clouds .
If you choose to run your own cloud infrastructure , you need to purchase more computing power than you necessarily need .
To scale on - demand , capacity needs to be available .
I think you will find that most businesses are currently in a half - virtualized state .
They are n't running cloud - like infrastructure , but a large portion of their servers run as virtual machines .
The utilization of those servers is higher ( in a good sense ) than it has ever been , but there are still a lot of applications running on bare metal .
As has already been happening , businesses will continue to move away from service - or server - based mentalities , toward application - specific uses .
Applications can easily be segregated onto individual virtual machine instances , which provides security and manageability benefits ( assuming proper automation exists ) .
Those virtual machines can be run the " traditional way , " or they can be part of a cloud infrastructure that eases management even further .
For many larger businesses , regardless their position in the cloud debate , it makes the most sense to implement a private cloud infrastructure that is compatible with EC2 .
If some instances need to be migrated to a public cloud in the future , and the security department OK's it , you 're ready to do so .
When he's not writing for Enterprise Networking Planet or riding his motorcycle , Charlie Schluting works as the COO at Elevation Fitness , a Web - based fitness management platform .
Charlie also wrote Network Ninja , a must - read for every network engineer .
Follow Charlie on twitter : http://twitter.com/cschluti
Woof Wednesday : Cardboard Box Domination
Hello world !
If you ’ve been reading me for a while , it will come as no surprise to you that I am a highly trained cardboard box killing machine .
I ’ve made no secret of the fact that I will take out any box that crosses my path for no apparent reason , other than the sheer joy of destroying the box .
Oh , and it helps mom fit them into the recycle bin and you ’d know I ’m all about saving the environment .
But what you may not be aware of is that I am now training new recruits in this mission to destroy all the cardboard boxes in the world .
That ’s right .
Mackenzie has now entered Box Domination Boot Camp and it will be a very rigorous schedule .
Unfortunately , her attention span is a bit short .
So while I was explaining the art of tearing up boxes with your teeth , Mackenzie got a bit distracted by her rake .
Maybe she was just envisioning how she would soon be using it to clean up the dead box wasteland we were about to leave behind .
So I decided it was time to give her some hand - to - hand combat training where she could really get her hands dirty .
She was showing that box who the boss was although we have to work on her tearing skills .
She did n’t try to rip the box with her teeth even once .
I must have been explaining that when she started daydreaming about the rake …
I looked on with anticipation and hope , waiting for her to really finish the box off and rip it to shreds .
Or at least rip a tiny piece off .
I mean we were here to kill , not just examine .
But eventually , she must have hit a Newfie drool pocket and decided this whole box destruction scheme might not be all that spectacular .
She admitted defeat to the box and backed away so I could finish the job .
And finish it I did .
I ripped and I tore .
I scratched and I flung .
And I think that in the midst of the cardboard chaos , I actually saw Mackenzie take a few notes as well .
I have high hopes for our next training session .
Hopefully next time , the photo you will see will be of Mackenzie towered over the decimated cardboard box .
Not just me .
Find yourself a cardboard box today and do your part to help recycle .
Destroy that box and leave it looking like confetti .
Sloppy kisses ,
Ayla
View Transcript
Transcript
Wally says , " I need to spend the next year optimizing the WDNW system "
Boss says , " I 've never heard of the WDNW system . "
Wally says , " You only hear about the systems that have problems . "
Wally says , " If everything goes as planned , you 'll never hear about WDNW again . "
Boss says , " What does the WDNW system do ? "
Wally says , " It keeps our zeros and ones from accidentally forming tens . "
Boss says , " That can happen ? "
Wally says , " Not on my watch . "
Dilbert says , " How 's the ' Wally Does No Work ' project ? "
Wally says , " The acronym helped . "
0810 : We do n't know yet who is going to be in charge of the education brief .
Michael Gove has held it for the Conservatives until now and David Laws for the Lib Dems .
When asked by the BBC a few minutes ago whether he'd got the job , Mr Laws refused to say .
But he said there were two reasons why the Con - Lib deal was good for the country .
It will provide stable government - and the alternative , a tie - up with Labour , would have been very " shaky " - and it has resulted in an " incredible agreement on policy " .
Touching the multiverse ( Image : Eoin Ryan )
WHEN cosmologist George Ellis turned 70 last year , his friends held a party to celebrate .
There were speeches and drinks and canapés aplenty to honour the theorist from the University of Cape Town , South Africa , who is regarded as one of the world ’s leading experts on general relativity .
But there the similarity to most parties ends .
For a start , Ellis ’s celebration at the University of Oxford lasted for three days and the guest list was made up entirely of physicists , astronomers and philosophers of science .
They had gathered to debate what Ellis considers the most dangerous idea in science : the suggestion that our universe is but a tiny part of an unimaginably large and diverse multiverse .
To the dismay of Ellis and many of his colleagues , the multiverse has developed rapidly from a being merely a speculative idea to a theory verging on respectability .
There are good reasons why .
Several strands of theoretical physics – quantum mechanics , string theory and cosmic inflation – seem to converge on the idea that our universe is only one among an infinite and ever - growing assemblage of disconnected bubble universes .
What ’s more , the multiverse offers a plausible answer to what has become an infuriatingly slippery question : why does the quantity of dark energy in the universe have the extraordinarily unlikely value that it does ?
No theory of our universe has been able to explain it .
But if there are countless universes out there beyond our cosmic horizon , each with its own value for the quantity of dark energy it contains , the value we observe becomes not just probable but inevitable . …
It 's a common thing to see on TV : the cops get a dark , blurry image of a perp , and using the magic of computers , are able to zoom in and see his face .
But now that might be actually possible .
Advertisement
The technique , called compressed sensing , wo n't work like those fake programs do on TV .
And it 's mostly meant for scientific purposes , like shortening MRI scan times by only scanning a small amount of data and then filling in the rest .
But how can you do all the number crunching that is required to find the sparsest image quickly ?
It would take way too long to analyze all the possible versions of the image .
Candès and Tao , however , knew that the sparsest image is the one created with the fewest number of building blocks .
And they knew they could use l1 minimization to find it and find it quickly .
To do that , the algorithm takes the incomplete image and starts trying to fill in the blank spaces with large blocks of color .
If it sees a cluster of green pixels near one another , for instance , it might plunk down a big green rectangle that fills the space between them .
If it sees a cluster of yellow pixels , it puts down a large yellow rectangle .
In areas where different colors are interspersed , it puts down smaller and smaller rectangles or other shapes that fill the space between each color .
It keeps doing that over and over .
Eventually it ends up with an image made of the smallest possible combination of building blocks and whose 1 million pixels have all been filled in with colors .
That image is n't absolutely guaranteed to be the sparsest one or the exact image you were trying to reconstruct , but Candès and Tao have shown mathematically that the chance of its being wrong is infinitesimally small .
It might still take a few hours of laptop time , but waiting an extra hour for the computer is preferable to shutting down a toddler 's lungs for an extra minute .
Advertisement
So yeah , it 's meant for scientists right now , but this is clearly the first step to us all being about to enhance , enhance , enhance our pictures automagically .
And that is damned cool .
[ Wired ]
A volcano erupting more than 1,000 miles away in Iceland is causing havoc for air travelers in the UK , Europe and Scandanavia — but why is volcanic ash so dangerous for pilots ?
Pilots are advised never to fly though an ash cloud because of the extreme problems it can cause an aircraft .
Ingesting ash dust can cause partial or total engine power loss .
Simultaneous power loss in all engines has also occurred .
The ash will also damage aircraft ventilation , hydraulic , electronic and air data systems along with the plane ’s paint , windscreens and power plants .
Former British Airways pilot Eric Moody has first - hand experience of flying through an ash cloud .
In June 1982 he was piloting a Jumbo 747 from Kuala Lumpur to Perth , Australia when he hit an ash cloud just off Java .
“ It was very frightening , all the engines stopped for 14 to 15 minutes and we did n’t know what was happening , ” he told Sky News .
“ It was dark and the effect was of St. Elmo ’s fire around the aircraft .
We were looking for the cloud that had caused it but did n’t know it was a volcanic ash cloud .
“ We glided the aircraft about 80 nautical miles and went down 37,000 ft to about 12,000ft .
“ That was when we must have come out of the bottom of the ash cloud .
It was a dark old night . ”
As a result of Moody ’s flight experience , research into the effects of volcanic ash clouds on aircraft increased and Volcanic Ash Advisory Centers were established around the world .
“ Flying into volcanic ash is as deadly as flying with ice on your aircraft , ” said Moody .
“ And everyone knows how dangerous that is . ”
To read more , go to SkyNews.com .
The Bill of Rights provides citizens basic protections against unlawful searches and seizures via the Fourth Amendment , protections against self incrimination via the Fifth Amendment , and the right to an attorney via the Sixth Amendment .
On a theoretical level , most people probably know this but what does this mean on a practical level ?
If the police pull you over , are you required to answer the officer ’s questions if he has n’t informed you of your right to remain silent ?
What does “ probable cause ” and “ reasonable suspicion ” mean when a police officer wants to search your vehicle and do you have a right to refuse the search ?
Should you consent to the search if you know you have nothing to hide ?
If the police knock on your front door , are you legally required to let them in if they do n’t have a warrant ?
Are the police legally required to tell the truth or can they make false promises or otherwise trick you into waiving your constitutionally protected civil rights ?
If you are unsure about the answers to these questions , do n’t feel bad ; I was n’t too sure myself .
The 4 part video series 10 Rules for Dealing with Police from the group that calls itself Flex Your Rights answers these questions and more in terms a lay person like myself can easily understand .
Some of the advice is common sense ( see rules 1 , 7 , & 8 below ) while others are more legal in nature .
Whether you are a “ law abiding citizen ” who almost never has an encounter with the police or a “ cop magnet , ” this advice not only could keep you from being in serious legal trouble but also keep you from being beaten , tazered , or shot ( if you follow these rules and these things still happen , you have more legal recourse against offending officers ) .
If you do n’t have time to watch these videos right away , here are the 10 Rules for Dealing with Police in brief :
1. Always be calm and cool .
[ Do n’t give the police any reason to act aggressively ; they do have a very dangerous job and if they feel threatened they are more likely to act aggressively ] .
2 . You [ always ] have the right to remain silent .
[ The best way to assert this right , especially if the police insist on questioning you is by asserting your Sixth Amendment right to legal council and KEEP YOUR MOUTH SHUT until your lawyer advises you otherwise ] .
3 . You have the right to refuse searches .
[ Assert this right by calmly and politely telling the police officer “ I do n’t consent to searches ” ] .
4 . Do n’t get tricked .
[ Yes , the police can legally lie to you and trick you into waiving your civil rights ] .
5 . Determine if you are free to go .
[ Ask the officer : “ Are you detaining me or am I free to go ? ” ] .
6 . Do n’t expose yourself .
[ Do n’t do anything that might appear suspicious in public ] .
7 . Do n’t run .
[ Running from the police is never a good idea ] .
8 . Never touch a cop .
[ The simplest touch of a police officer can be considered assault ; do n’t do it ] .
9 . Report misconduct : be a good witness .
10 . You do n’t have to let them in .
[ You do not have to let the police in your home unless they have a search warrant or there is an emergency which requires immediate action on their part .
If you allow them to enter , anything they might find that could incriminate you can be used against you because you unwittingly waived your Fourth Amendment rights ] .
Here ’s the series in its entirety ( parts 2 - 4 are below the fold ) .
MOSCOW ( AP ) — Russia ’s parliament is considering a government - drafted bill that would increase the power of the security services and restore practices once associated with their Soviet predecessor , the KGB .
The legislation would allow Federal Security Service officers to summon individuals for informal talks and issue written warnings about " inadmissible " participation in anti-government activities such as protest rallies .
It also appeared aimed at tightening controls on journalists .
It was unclear when the bill would come up for a vote , and in the meantime it could be amended or even scuttled .
But in its current form the legislation continues a trend under Vladimir Putin , a former KGB officer , who has allowed the security services to steadily regain power and influence at the expense of Russia ’s nascent democracy .
A deadly , airborne new strain of fungus has emerged in Oregon .
It has killed nearly one out of four known affected people so far and might also attack animals ranging from dogs to dolphins .
And it is likely to spread , researchers now warn .
The new strain known as VGIIc of the fungus Cryptococcus gattii not only targets humans but has also proven capable of infecting dogs , cats , alpacas , sheep and elk .
Other strains have even infected porpoises .
Although it can spread to mammals , it does not jump from animal to animal .
Instead , people and other animals get it from inhaling spores released by samples of the fungus that infect trees .
" It 's in the environment , and we 're exposed to the environment , " researcher Edmond Byrnes III of Duke University Medical Center told LiveScience .
" And the environmental range of this has been expanding . "
California next ?
While scientists are n't sure how the highly infectious or virulent fungus emerged in Oregon , they caution the new strain now looks set to expand to California and other neighboring areas .
" This novel fungus is worrisome because it appears to be a threat to otherwise healthy people , " Byrnes said .
" Typically , we more often see this fungal disease associated with transplant recipients and HIV - infected patients , but that is not what we are seeing yet . "
Symptoms can appear two or more months after exposure .
Most people never develop symptoms , but those infected may have a cough lasting weeks , sharp chest pain , shortness of breath , headache related to meningitis , fever , nighttime sweats and weight loss .
In animals the symptoms are a runny nose , breathing problems , nervous system problems and raised bumps under the skin .
Treatment requires months to years of antifungal medications , and even surgery to remove the large masses of the fungus [ VGIIc ] known as cryptococcomas that can develop in the body .
So far it cannot be prevented , as there is no vaccine .
Origin ?
The fungus C. gattii was originally linked with eucalyptus trees in tropical and subtropical climates .
It first caused an outbreak in temperate climes on Vancouver Island in 1999 that has now spread into Washington and Oregon , where it infects local trees .
This earlier strain , VGIIa / major , has killed nearly 9 percent of 218 patients .
After comparing the genes of the new VGIIc strain from Oregon with others , researchers suggest the new strain most likely arose recently , parallel to the outbreak that began on Vancouver Island .
So far it has killed five out of 21 patients analyzed in the United States , a nearly 25 - percent mortality rate .
Lab studies with immune cells and with live mice revealed it is extremely virulent — that is , it can cause severe disease .
Determining the exact origin of the VGIIc strain has proven difficult .
Investigations so far have failed to find it in Oregon soil , water or trees .
It may have arrived from abroad or originated locally , researchers said .
Because this fungus had been confined to the tropics until now , researcher Wenjun Li at Duke University speculated that environmental changes might be responsible for the evolution and emergence of these new strains .
" We are trying to put together the evolutionary story of where these types come from by closely studying the genetics of all samples possible , " explained researcher Yonathan Lewit at Duke University Medical Center .
It remains uncertain why VGIIc and VGIIa / major are more virulent than other strains .
One possibility , given how this fungus can reproduce sexually , new hypervirulent combinations of genes emerged due to sex .
The researchers also noted that cell components known as mitochondria in these strains could adopt a distinctive tube shape .
Since mitochondria help generate energy in cells , it is possible these strains are more energetic , " but that 's just speculation right now , " Byrnes said .
When it comes to a public response to outbreaks of these strains , " public health officials in that area have formed a working group with state epidemiologists from all those states in the Pacific Northwest , " Byrnes noted .
" It 's important that public awareness expand on this . "
The scientists detailed their findings online April 22 in the journal PLoS Pathogens .
Internet companies that fail to take " reasonable steps " to safeguard human rights in foreign countries could face sanctions under a forthcoming bill by Senate Democratic Whip Dick Durbin Richard ( Dick ) Joseph DurbinSupreme Court nominee gives no clues in GOP meeting Warren wo n't meet with Barrett , calling Trump 's nomination an ' illegitimate power grab '
Conservative group unveils ad accusing liberals of attacking Barrett 's faith MORE ( Ill . ) .
At a hearing on Tuesday , Durbin pitched the bill as his response to the growing number of U.S. tech firms that have failed to cooperate with congressional lawmakers on promoting Internet freedoms abroad .
However , he offered few details as to what his proposed fix might include or when he planned to unveil the legislation .
ADVERTISEMENT
The top Democrat 's efforts arrive amid increased scrutiny of U.S. Web companies — including Google , Yahoo and Bing — that have willingly censored their content in countries like China , which maintain limits on free expression as conditions of doing businesses .
Others lawmakers , however , have targeted firms like McAfee , which Durbin said had developed Web censoring technology similar to that deployed in states that filter online content .
However , few of those companies opted to testify during Tuesday 's hearing before the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Subcommittee on Human Rights and the Law , which Durbin chairs , he stressed during his opening statement .
Facebook and Twitter declined invites last week , and computer makers Hewlett - Packard and Apple opted not to comment on censor technology pre-installed on Chinese machines , according to the senator .
McAfee , meanwhile , first accepted the opportunity to testify at Tuesday 's hearing , but ultimately declined at the last minute , Durbin added .
Google , however , did join .
Consequently , Durbin stressed it was time for Congress to take more forceful action to ensure tech companies did not abandon U.S. values in order to do business abroad .
" The bottom line is this :
With a few notable exceptions , the tech industry seems unwilling to regulate itself and unwilling to engage in a dialogue with Congress on ... human rights challenges ... "
Durbin said .
" Today , I 'm announcing I will introduce legislation that will require Internet companies to take reasonable steps to protect human rights , or face civil and criminal liability , " he continued .
Durbin provided few specifics of his bill , notably offering little explanation of how companies could " safeguard " human rights , or what the proposed civil or criminal sanctions might be .
But he nonetheless pitched the legislation as crucial at a time when an increasing number of companies are trying to control speech on the Internet .
" The tech industry faces difficult challenges when they deal with repressive governments , " Durbin said .
" But we have a responsibility as the United States ... to ensure American companies are not complicit in violation of free expression . "
Old habits , especially bad ones , die hard .
This underscores why the real value of sin taxes is their ability to generate cash .
After all , taxes that truly succeeded in changing behavior would be self - defeating .
If a cigarette tax forced all puffers to quit , there would be severe withdrawal symptoms not only for smokers — but for states that relied on the tax for revenue .
“ On some level , politicians want these taxes to affect behavior , ” said Kim Rueben , a senior fellow at the Urban Institute who studies state and local taxes .
“ But they ’re kind of in trouble if it works too well .
If it ’s actually effective in changing behavior , governments lose that revenue source and have to figure out what else they can start taxing . ”
Clinging to this implausible pretense — that a few pennies can help someone kick , say , a porn habit — is understandable .
Most Americans like to think that they are guided not so much by their wallets as by their ethics .
And American jurisprudence is supposed to be guided by lofty ideals , not the bottom line ; our laws should be moral , not mercenary .
But even if sin taxes exist primarily to balance the budget , they have social value .
The debate over enacting a new tax , or hiking an old one , is a window into the country ’s changing psyche .
A soda tax , after all , is more than a soda tax .
If enacted , it ’s something of a verdict on who is to blame for rising obesity rates .
( The answer : Purveyors of sugary drinks , who will presumably lose a few customers , and those with unhealthy eating habits . )
And it tells us something about how we try to ensure that the population is healthy .
“ Public health used to be about going after the elimination of pathogens , cleaning the well that spread cholera , ” said Katherine Pratt , a professor at Loyola Law School Los Angeles who is researching fat taxes .
“ Now we ’re going beyond that and trying to address behavioral risk factors , which leads to charges of paternalism . ”
The debate surrounding a ballot measure that would legalize , regulate and tax marijuana in California is similarly enlightening .
Advocates are not dwelling much on marijuana ’s harmlessness or acceptance , but rather on the amount of money it could generate .
A voter may believe using marijuana is bad , but exactly how bad ?
Enough to give up its potential tax revenue ?
People who donate a kidney to a sick friend or relative live at least as long as others in the general population and may live somewhat longer because they tend to take better care of themselves after the procedure , researchers reported Tuesday .
“ We have intuitively . . . felt this way , and hoped that this operation is safe , but this is the first time that we have been able to demonstrate it in a national representation of live donors , ” said Dr. Dorry L. Segev of the Johns Hopkins School of Medicine , lead author of the report in the Journal of the American Medical Assn .
Live - donor transplants have become increasingly common in recent years because of the large number of people who need kidneys and the limited availability of cadaver organs .
There are 83,754 Americans waiting for a kidney transplant , 80 % of the number of people waiting for any organ , according to the United Network for Organ Sharing , which helps allocate organs .
In 2008 , there were 5,968 living - donor kidney transplants .
Several small studies have suggested that donation is safe , but the low rate of risk has made accurate estimates difficult .
To surmount that problem , Segev and his colleagues studied the 80,347 Americans who donated kidneys between April 1 , 1994 , and March 31 , 2009 .
The team compared them with 9,364 participants in a large government survey -- the third National Health and Nutrition Examination Survey -- who met the criteria for kidney donation .
There were 25 deaths in the first 90 days after surgery among the donors , for a rate of 3.1 deaths per 10,000 subjects , compared with a rate of 0.4 per 10,000 in the control group .
That suggests the procedure “ has always been profoundly safe , ” Segev said .
Death rates in the first 90 days were slightly higher for men than for women and for blacks than for whites .
The highest risk , 36.7 deaths per 10,000 donors , occurred among donors who had high blood pressure .
From the survey forms used in the study , it is not clear if the hypertension was controlled or uncontrolled , Segev said .
But it “ would probably be wise for hypertensive patients considering donation to be treated through a carefully maintained protocol , ” he added .
The results “ confirm that this is a safe operation , ” he said .
“ But it also gives us more specific numbers that we can give patients who are considering doing this .
This is a very personal decision with no medical benefit for the donor , so it requires very careful consideration of what the risks are . ”
thomas .
maugh@
latimes.com
When it comes to birth control lawsuits , Dr. Anita Nelson of UCLA tells the LA Times that she has " noticed a pattern , that every time a method of birth control gets popular it gets sued . "
Advertisement
Talking to Tammy Worth of the Times , Nelson argues that the lawsuits taken out against certain birth control pills ( in this case , the most popular pill in America right now : Yaz ) are detrimental to women as a whole , as they have the tendency to " [ scare ] the heck out of women " and could lead to the loss of the medicine altogether , as , she notes , was the case for Norplant .
It should be noted , however , that Nelson , a professor of obstetrics and gynecology at UCLA , is also currently on the board for Bayer , the company that is currently facing over 1,000 lawsuits due to side effects caused by Yaz and Yasmin , with the main issue centering around the pill 's ability to cause a higher risk of blood clot development in users .
It often seems as if women can't win when it comes to birth control pills : for every new pill that is released , promising fewer side effects , it seems that there are terrifying tales of horrible side effects and even death that come along with certain medications .
This phenomenon , it should be noted , is not relegated to birth control pills alone : many medications , for everything from arthritis to bipolar disorder , seem to get the " breakthrough " praise , which is quickly followed by the black box warning and , at times , a total discontinuation .
With Yaz / Yasmin , Worth notes , the lawsuits have been rolling in , yet the research is divided on whether or not the pills are actually as dangerous as the litigation makes them seem .
So what are women to do in the meantime ?
Advertisement
I can understand Nelson 's argument to a certain extent : the national coverage of birth control lawsuits might scare women from considering the pill altogether , in any form .
But I do n't necessarily think it 's a bad thing that people are suing a pharmaceutical company and demanding a safer product .
As far as women being scared off by the lawsuits , I think there is a difference between being a terrified consumer and an educated one , and I think the lawsuits , if anything , serve as a reminder that all medicines carry risks , and that pharmaceutical companies should be held responsible when they promote a product as " safe " and it turns out to be anything but .
If nothing else , the lawsuits might not scare women as much as encourage women to consider various options when it comes to birth control .
Worth notes that the FDA is currently conducting its own research on the safety of Yaz .
But until those results are revealed , it is perhaps best to consider that , as with many medications , what works for some people might not work for others ; a combination of being aware of the risks and discussing the realities with one 's doctor is probably for the best .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
So what say you , commenters ?
Have you had positive experiences or negative experiences with Yaz ?
And do you think the lawsuits are helping or hurting in the end ?
Birth Control Pill Concerns Bring Lawsuits But Few Solid Answers [ LATimes ]
Alright , so we 're gonna try this again ...
The weather has gotten much nicer lately , and we 've not had a meetup in awhile .
Some of us are interested in playing Soccer or Kickball this Saturday , so let 's kill two birds with one stone .
National Mall , 4PM , this Saturday ( May 1st , 2010 ) .
Come on out and play a fun ( not extremely competitive ) game or two .
Afterwards , if people are game , we can grab drinks or food .
Let 's meet on the side near the Natural History Museum .
Should n't be too crowded , and it should be an accessible enough area that just about anybody can make it in .
You 'll be able to identify the group by the gray Reddit flag on a stick that I 'll waive around ( seriously , this 'll be awesome ) .
Come out and play !
( Yes , this email is essentially a copy and paste of the original one .
They 're the same event , reusable components for the win ! )
Weed Freebies is another favorite .
This large 420 network gives away free cannabis to all and sundry , provided they reside in California .
This website gives a new product away every day , uploading them at exactly 11:20 am and 4:20 pm like clockwork .
You have to register and play to win .
You get five chances to win , but you must be the 420th person to tap the button for every morning and afternoon game .
You could also request free marijuana samples from some companies directly .
Marijuana Stocks allows you to do this , sending free samples via ground shipping to those who ask for them .
Your sample will arrive in the mail within its specified timeframe .
All you need to do is snap a picture or two of yourself with the sample when you get it and review its taste , effects , potency , aesthetic appeal , and more .
And what about those who live in a state where cannabis is still illegal ?
How to get free weed samples in that case ?
The best way to do it is going to cannabis events .
Cannabis events are another place to find free samples , but keep in mind that not all of them give away weed .
Event organizers need to acquire permission from authorities beforehand to pass samples around the place , usually granted with ease if the event caters to adults 21 - years or older and not children .
This is a very good way to acquire several samples at one time , since coupons , games , and direct sample requests limit freebies to one .
The board of McDonald 's has come out against a proposal that would require the restaurant to obtain 5 percent of its eggs from cage - free sources .
What do you think ?
" Wait , so McDonald 's uses real chickens ? "
Jeff Sanders • rake Adjuster
Advertisement
" Five percent would have been perfect , as I tend to get a guilty conscience with every 20th Egg McMuffin . "
Leah Kupferberg • Kettle Operator
Following last week 's leak of the , police have seized computers and other hardware used by Gizmodo.com , the tech blog who paid for , and later posted a detailed analysis , of the prototype device .
According to reports today , California Rapid Enforcement Allied Computer Team ( REACT ) entered and searched the home of Gizmodo editor , Jason Chen , and seized four computers , two servers , and other components as potential evidence in their investigation of the theft , sale , and transportation of Apple 's prototype technology .
The search warrant issued by the Superior Court of the County of San Mateo , which was posted in full on , states that the property was seized under the belief that it was used as the means of committing a felony .
Last week , Gizmodo shocked the tech community when it published a detailed analysis of what they claimed was the next generation iPhone .
The prototype was lost by an Apple employee and later found by a yet - to - be identified person at a bar in Redwood City , CA , just 20 miles north of Apple 's Cupertino headquarters .
Later , Gizmodo purchased the prototype from the unnamed party for a sum of $ 5,000 and posted pictures and video online .
In the days to follow , Gizmodo said that they were n't certain of the prototype 's origins but onceas their own , they would promptly return it .
Sure enough , Apple issued a request for the prototype 's return , thus confirming the device 's authenticity .
It remains unclear whether the raid was targeting Chen , Gizmodo , or the unidentified seller of the prototype .
Apple has yet to comment on the leak or the investigation .
For more on the 4G iPhone leak , check out ourand stay tuned for updates .
Over the years , I ’ve seen Mercury , Venus , Mars , Jupiter and Saturn with my naked eyes .
And I ’ve seen Uranus and Neptune through a telescope .
But I ’ve never seen an asteroid until last night , when I photographed the 2nd largest minor planet , Vesta .
Vesta is currently near opposition , meaning as seen from the Earth , Vesta and the Sun are 180 degrees apart .
This makes Vesta well - placed for observation all - night long , and also means that it is around as bright as it ever gets .
So if you are eager to see an asteroid , give it a try some clear night in February or March .
The first step is to find the constellation Leo .
Where exactly Leo is from your location will depend on your latitude .
But generally , if you are in mid-northern latitudes , a good start is to look to the south - east around 10 pm .
If you are running Linux , give KStars a try to simulate what the sky will look like .
Once you ’ve found where Leo is , take a look at this chart showing the location of Vesta [ PDF ] over the next few months .
Since Vesta is now around magnitude 6.8 , it is too faint to see with the naked eye .
But it should be visible with even the smallest telescope or binoculars .
Compare what you see with the chart .
Do n’t expect to see any disk or features .
It will look just like a star .
If you want to be sure , make a sketch of the location of the stars you see in the area , and compare it a night or two later .
If it is Vesta , you should see it noticeably move from night to night .
Instead of using binoculars or a telescope , I decided to photograph Vesta .
With some trial and error I found a technique that worked rather well .
Obviously , you need a camera that can record the faint stars without so much noise that it overwhelms them .
I do n’t think a little compact digital camera will work well here .
It is all about light gathering ability of the lens .
The little lenses in a compact camera will not work well here .
But a DSLR can work well , especially if you have a fast lens .
Use the fastest ( lowest f- ratio ) that you have .
If the lens is too “ soft ” at its wide open setting , you can also try stopping it down a stop .
The focal length of the lens is not that important .
A big telephoto lens is not going to help here .
You are not going to be able to make Vesta look any bigger than just a pin point of light .
At the other extreme , if you use a wide - angle lens , your image scale might not allow you to resolve individual stars well .
You want something in the “ normal ” range , not telephoto , not wide angle .
You will need to take a longer exposure , several seconds long , so a tripod is a must , to hold the camera steady .
You also want to use a cable release or remote trigger to avoid camera shake .
If you know how to set the mirror - up lock on your camera , that can help as well .
You want to take as long of an exposure as you can while avoiding the star images streaking ( from the earth ’s rotation ) .
This will depend on the local length of your lens and the resolution of your camera .
Try exposures in the range of 2 -30 seconds .
You will want to set the ISO speed as high as you can without the noise level getting too high .
What is too high ?
Use your judgment .
At some point the noise overwhelms the star images .
If you are in a suburban location , you may find that the light pollution causes the image to “ fog up ” .
If so , reduce the ISO speed or decrease the exposure .
In my case , I used a Pentax K20D at ISO 800 with a 50 mm f/1.4 lens and a 4 - second exposure .
The results are as above , which I ’ve annotated , as well as a the blown up details
When I compared to the chart the extra “ star ” was obvious .
It does n’t look like much , but that is Vesta , nearly 600 km in diameter , orbiting somewhere between the orbits of Mars and Jupiter .
Good luck !
I ’m proud to announce the initial release of AuroraeDesigner , a small application to design Aurorae themes .
At the current state of development it is possible to open an existing theme and get an interactive preview of the theme and change all configuration details .
The changed configuration can be saved , but I ’d recommend to backup the original file before starting to play with the designer 😉
Packages are available for openSUSE through the openSUSE build service .
As it depends on 4.4 , I was unable to build packages for other distributions .
For this designer I basically rewrote Aurorae upon the graphics view framework .
As soon as it has reached feature parity ( currently 90 % ) it will become the base for the KWin decoration engine which will require a switch from KCommonDecoration to KDecoration , so I will be able to add features not possible with KCommonDecoration ( e.g. decoration on the left side of the window ) .
If you are a designer of a theme : do n’t worry .
The new implementation is completely backward compatible , so your theme will look the same in 4.5 as it does in 4.4 .
Nevertheless there will be some new features added before 4.5 ( e.g. window tabbing ) so you should update your themes .
In future releases of AuroraeDesigner I want to add a check method , so that you can easily verify that the theme contains all required elements .
As the screenshot illustrates the new Aurorae framework will also solve the question about buttons on left or on right : just show the elements on both sides 😀
But as it will not be possible to configure that in KWin I ’d recommend to not use this " feature " 😉
=-=-=-=-=
Powered by Blogilo
Haskell is an excellent choice for modeling the kind of system you are describing .
However , like in any programming language , the way you model your system is heavily dependent on what operations you will want to do on it .
And a functional programming language like Haskell helps you focus on that .
Modeling the data is nice , but where are the functions ?
Your types for Ambulance , Station , and Crew are simple and straightforward .
I 'm not sure why you then want to glob them together into one big SystemState .
That kind of construction is indeed useful in certain situations .
It 's not surprising that it complicated things for you a little , though , because it is somewhat of an ad hoc mash - up .
Whether or not it 's needed depends entirely on the kinds of functions you 'll be writing .
But the main issue here is how to use GHCi effectively .
What exactly are you trying to do in GHCi ?
I spend a lot of time at the GHCi prompt .
I can divide that time into three categories : exploring functions to understand them better , testing and debugging functions to make sure they work , and performing one - off calculations using functions that I already understand and already know are working .
I do n't think I 've used GHCi very much for just typing in data structures and having GHCi spit them back at me .
Still , for each of those three uses , I do need data structures .
Usually the ones I need are simple enough that I can type the entire thing in one go .
They actually do n't have to be very simple for that - do n't forget that you can type multiple mutually - recursive definitions in a single let statement by separating them with ' ; ' , and that GHCi supports multi-line statements with the " : { " and " :} ' commands .
If a data structure I need is complex enough that I want to build it up incrementally like you were doing , there are several easy ways to do that .
To get a mutable variable that you repeatedly modify to build up your structure , similar to the way you would do it at the command line prompt for an imperative language , look at the Data .
IORef module .
If you are new to Haskell , I would recommend avoiding Data .
IORef like the plague in your programming - it will always tempt you and it is almost always the wrong thing to do .
But at the GHCi prompt , it 's fine .
Truthfully , I almost never do that .
Being lazy , I just use the up - arrow and other command - line editing keys to get the whole thing into one GHCi command incrementally .
And of course , if the data structure you are typing is actually meaningful and not a throw - away example , you 'll want to type it into a file in your favorite Haskell editor rather than at the prompt .
Then you 'll use your editor 's GHCi integration , or GHCi's " : r " command , to keep an up - to - date version of your structure available in GHCi .
Estate Planning Attorneys in Arizona and New Mexico .
The very best plans you make for your family can be undone if your estate plan has not been properly drafted .
At Morris Hall , PLLC , our attorneys review hundreds of estate plans every year .
We find that many contain errors that could result in beneficiaries losing a portion of their inheritance due to taxes , creditors , ex-spouses or other issues .
Few other firms in the Southwest offer the complete range of services , experience and expertise of Morris Hall .
By combining legal services , financial planning and accounting services in one firm , we are your complete , full - service estate planning and asset preservation law firm .
For more than 45 years , our attorneys have been providing the highest quality estate planning services for individuals and families in Arizona and New Mexico .
We are recognized as one of the leading law firms people rely on to protect the wealth they spent a lifetime creating .
Join the NDP to support their progressive cannabis and drug policy stance , and to work with other End Prohibition members on further improvements to policy .
www.ndp.ca
Most comprehensive stretching manual
I have n’t encountered any source on this subject as broad , accessible , and easily applied as Bob Anderson ’s classic Stretching , a patient and friendly stand - in for my eight - grade P.E. teacher .
The 30th anniversary edition of this guidebook came out recently , with even more stretches and illustrations , and it ’s easily the most comprehensive work on the subject .
I love the activity - specific sections : cyclists , for instance , are shown stretches that not only address the muscle groups made tight and tense by our specific sport , but the stretches geared toward bike riders even include a bicycle to be utilized as a support .
Activities from weightlifting to computer using get their own sections , too .
Organizationally , Stretching shines .
Tight neck ?
Rigid shoulders ?
Thumb through to your prescribed routine and get to work .
With minimal flexibility but a willingness to make an effort , almost anyone can use this book to become more limber , healthier .
-- Elon Schoenholz
It is 40 years since the drama of the Apollo 13 mission turned an aborted mission to the moon from potential disaster into a celebrated recovery .
But doubts still linger about the moon landings .
9/11 and Kennedy aside , no event in world history has generated quite so many conspiracy theories than the Apollo moon landings .
Do they stand up ?
Here are the best reasons why it could n’t have happened , and the rebuttals .
Of course , you may disagree .
Click on the image to launch our guide
Introduction to SSL
So , say you want to buy a book on Amazon .
You go on the website , pick the book you want , add it to your cart and proceed to check out .
While checking out , Amazon asks you for your credit card information , you enter it and they tell you your item will be shipped soon .
You really really want to be sure that only Amazon got your data , though , because you trust them .
Since your information travels through a hundred devices before reaching Amazon ’s servers , and each of these devices can look at what you sent , how can you be sure that someone along the line wo n’t get your credit card data ?
This is where SSL comes in .
SSL is short for Secure Sockets Layer , which is basically a layer that ensures that only the recipient on the other end sees what you send and vice versa .
But how does SSL work ?
Basically , if both you and the server have a common secret ( e.g. a password ) , there are ways to encrypt your communications so that only people with the password ( hopefully just you two ) will be able to read what you send .
In this case , though , you do n’t have a common password established , and you ca n’t do it over the internet because someone might be listening in .
What can you do ?
The way SSL deals with this issue is by using certificates .
A certificate is basically the equivalent of a piece of paper saying “ yes , this person is Amazon , I checked ” , and this piece of paper is signed by another person you trust to have actually done a good job at checking .
So , Amazon goes to a certification authority ( the third party ) , says “ please sign here so I can show this to people and tell them you certify this is me ” .
Then Amazon gets the certificate , your browser has a way of recognising that the signature of the third party is valid , and you get the green padlock on your address bar .
Problems with this scenario
What happens if someone hijacks Amazon ’s address and makes it point to their server ?
Then they could act like they ’re Amazon ( maybe even pass data back and forth so you would n’t notice ) and intercept your info .
However , in order to do that , they would also need to obtain a certificate signature that verified that they are also amazon.com , which is rather hard to do , unless the third party is untrustworthy or somehow forced to sign the certificate .
It might also be the case that the third party just does n’t care enough to check .
Another problem is that this costs money , sometimes in the hundreds or thousands of dollars per year , and it is simply not very good sense to rely on a third party to secure your communications .
What can be done ?
A simple , effective and very clever way to deal with this problem is what the people over at Carnegie Mellon University have done .
Perspectives does not rely on a single third party to tell you whether or not they checked the owner of the site .
They , instead , run their own servers that look at certificates and tell you how long they have been there .
If the certificate that Amazon is presenting you with now has been seen by the server for three consecutive years , there ’s a pretty good chance that you are on the correct site .
This is a very good solution in more than one ways .
Firstly , we do n’t need to do away with the current system .
We can use both in a complementary way to decide whether we are on the correct site or not .
Secondly , it does not require a large cost on people who want security by allowing people to put up their own certificates that have n’t been signed by a third party and actually verify that they belong to the right site .
Another big advantage of this method is that you can run your own Perspectives server ( called a “ notary ” ) , if you do n’t trust the default ones in Perspectives .
With many people running notaries , the system becomes much , much more secure than the current , authority - based one .
You can run Perspectives right now as a Firefox extension .
It ’s really simple to install and use , and I hope it will be available for many other browsers soon .
When I was in graduate school , we had a mantra about the work that did n’t get done : “ There is always an excuse , but there may not be a reason . ”
We used it to remind our colleagues ( and ourselves ) that just because we could justify our lack of progress did n’t mean we were off the hook .
I ’m pulling out this old gem because when I hear nonprofit leaders talk about why they are n’t using social media to build relationships with the people who can help them achieve their goals , I hear a whole lot of excuses and not so many reasons .
I do n’t care what you ate for lunch
This is a favorite excuse of social media avoiders .
The actual complaint differs person to person , but it starts with “ I do n’t care ” and ends with some specific light topic people tend to mention in social media ( weather , traffic , flight delays , etc. )
Luckily , it ’s also the easiest problem to overcome .
Get over yourself .
Personal chit - chat is a part of living in a human society .
Social media is a communication tool , and humans engage in small talk when they communicate .
If you ask after people ’s children , or inquire into holiday plans when you communicate with people in person , you can bite the bullet and learn to do the same when you use online communication channels .
I tried it and it did n’t work
If by “ tried it ” you mean you built a Facebook page , posted links to your website and yet , you were not flooded with new traffic , or you have a twitter account where you promote press releases about your events , you have not “ tried ” social media .
Social media is not an advertising tool , and it ’s not a magic bullet .
It wo n’t work over night , and you ’ll only get benefit from it if you use it in a sustained way .
Social media is a two - way communication tool that gives you and your organization the opportunity to find , and build relationships with , the people who are likely to be interested in what you have to offer .
It also gives you the chance to “ overhear ” what people are saying amongst themselves about you and subjects you care about .
Used correctly , these new relationships can be a key leverage point in your ability to get the word out about what you do–but only if you focus on the relationships and not your short term advertising or fundraising goals .
I do n’t have the technical expertise
The internet may have been invented for geeks , by geeks , but , much to their chagrin , its most popular tools have been co-opted by lay people and re-built to accommodate our lack of technical know how ( and interest ) .
That ’s not to say there is no learning curve .
Like any new undertaking , getting started with social media will involve learning some new vocab words , getting comfortable with new customs , etiquette and standard ways of working , but it is most certainly not rocket science .
You will be able to learn .
If you are nervous , or just do n’t feel like navigating the journey alone , I can help .
My people do n’t use social media
If this one were legitimately true , it would be a good reason to exclude social media from your marketing plan .
But , before you check it off your to - do list , be sure you are n’t underestimating your user base .
My grandmother is on Facebook .
My co-worker ’s daughter blogs about her mission work from a part of Africa where electricity is a “ sometimes ” luxury .
I am more likely to learn about breaking news from Twitter than I am from CNN .
In other words , social media is no longer a fad for teenagers and college students .
Almost every one with an internet connection in the United States , and increasingly , around the World , uses social media in one way or another–and those numbers are not likely to drop any time soon .
If your organization has a need to connect with individuals for any reason ( ticket buyers , donors , volunteers , clients , etc. ) , you can benefit from social media .
Even if you work for one of the very rare nonprofits that interact only with other organizations , those organizations are also made up of people .
People who use social media .
Are there good reasons to avoid social media ?
In the spirit of fairness , there are reasons to avoid social media .
I just hope none of them apply to you .
Your Turn
What are your favorite excuses for social media avoidance ?
Have I over looked any good reasons for not taking the plunge ?
If this post was helpful , please sign up for e-mail updates at the top of the page , or add this blog to your RSS feed .
George Orwell famously said , " If you want a vision of the future , imagine a boot stamping on a human face — forever . "
He may still be right .
But in today 's age of smart phones , Flip cams , and iPod cameras , there 's a pretty good chance someone 's going to capture that boot and the face it 's smashing and post both to YouTube for all the world to see .
Two recent incidents in Maryland illustrate the power of this new and increasingly democratized technology — and highlight just how important it is that the law protect the people who use technology to hold government agents accountable .
The first incident made national news .
Last March , after the University of Maryland men's basketball team beat Duke , students spilled out into College Park to celebrate .
That brought out the riot police .
In footage captured by several students with their iPhones , Maryland student Jack McKenna dances down the street with dozens of other students , then stops when he sees two cops on horseback .
Unprovoked by McKenna , three riot cops then enter the picture , throw McKenna up against a wall , and begin beating him with their batons .
According to attorney Christopher Griffiths — who is representing McKenna and another student , Benjamin Donat — both suffered concussions , contusions , and cuts from the beatings .
McKenna was charged with disorderly conduct , a charge that as of last week was still pending but now seems certain to be dropped .
Prince George 's County has since suspended four police officers , the three captured on tape beating McKenna and the sergeant who supervised them .
But were it not for those iPhone videos , it would have been McKenna 's word ( and possibly those of whatever celebrating student witnesses he could round up ) against the word of three of Maryland 's finest .
Or at least three .
It seems likely that a number of other cops would have come forward to lie on behalf of those who beat McKenna .
If that sounds harsh , consider this :
After the iPhone video of McKenna 's beating emerged , investigators subpoenaed 60 hours of surveillance video from the College Park campus police .
The only video police could n't manage to locate was the one from the camera aimed squarely at the area where McKenna was beaten .
Funny how that works .
Campus police claimed that a " technical error " with that particular camera caused it to record over the footage of the beating .
As public pressure mounted , police later found what they claimed was a recording of the lost video .
But two minutes of that video were missing .
Coincidentally , those two minutes happened to depict key portions of McKenna 's beating .
The kicker ?
The head of the campus video surveillance system , Lt. Joanne Ardovini , is married to one of the cops named in McKenna 's complaint .
( Washington D.C. 's ABC News affiliate , WJLA , a station with a history of deferring to police spokesmen without bothering to verify the accuracy of their statements , quaintly referred to this as " a bizarre coincidence . " )
At about the same time McKenna 's case was making the rounds on the cable news networks , another Marylander was illegally raided , arrested , and jailed .
This time for videotaping a cop .
On April 13th , Maryland State Trooper Joseph David Ulher pulled over Anthony Graber for driving his motorcycle 80 mph in a 65 mph speed zone .
Graber happens to have a video camera mounted to his helmet .
As depicted in the video that Graber later posted to the Internet , Uhler , in street clothes , cuts Graber off and emerges from his car with his gun drawn .
It takes Uhler several seconds to identify himself as a police officer .
You can decide for yourself if Uhler 's actions were justified ( Graber was apparently popping wheelies , and , according to Uhler , was driving in excess of 100 mph ) .
But what happened next ought to get Uhler and a number of other police officers fired .
According to an interview Graber gave to photography activist Carlos Miller days after posting the video of his encounter with Trooper Uhler to the web , six officers from the Maryland State Police raided Graber 's parents ' home at 6:45 in the morning on April 14 .
Graber and his family were held for 90 minutes while the cops rummaged through their belongings .
Graber was then charged with felony eavesdropping and spent 26 hours in jail .
As an " official " told WJLA of Graber , " He had been recording this trooper audibly without his consent . "
The report from WJLA added , " That kind of recording is against the law in Maryland . "
In fact , under Maryland law what Graber did is n't actually a crime .
For a recording to be illegal , one of the parties being recorded must have a reasonable expectation of privacy .
A cop , acting as a cop , with his gun drawn , while standing alongside a public roadway , has no such expectation .
On April 15th , Graber was released and the charges against him were dropped .
As he told Miller , " The judge who released me looked at the paperwork and said she did n't see where I violated the wiretapping law . "
Graber was harassed , intimidated , illegally arrested , and jailed for an act that clearly was n't illegal .
According to Graber , the name of the judge who signed off on the raid of his parents ' home does n't appear on the warrant .
As Graber told Miller , " They told me they do n't want you to know who the judge is because of privacy . "
If true , that statement is so absurd it 's mind numbing .
A judge issued an illegal warrant for police to invade the private residence and rummage through the private belongings of a man who broke no laws , and we are n't permitted to know the judge 's name in order to protect the judge 's privacy ?
That judge needs to be held accountable , as do the cops who violated Graber 's civil rights .
In a just world all of them would be fired , and Graber and his parents would be compensated .
It is n't enough that the charges against Graber were dropped .
He was still punished for a crime he did n't commit , and his punishment serves as a deterrent for future would - be documentarians of government abuse .
If the authorities are allowed to intimidate people who legally videotape public officials while those officials are on the job — and that would certainly include government agents illegally raiding , arresting , and jailing citizens — then the right to videotape public officials does n't really exist .
Put another way , if the harassment of Anthony Graber is allowed to stand without consequences , the next time the cops beat the hell out of someone like Jack McKenna , those around him may think twice about hitting the record button on their iPhones .
Radley Balko is a senior editor at Reason magazine .
PORTLAND – About two dozen women took a walk down Congress Street topless Saturday , attracting a large crowd as they tried to preach that partial female nudity is not worthy of attracting a crowd .
The point of the march was that a topless woman out in public should attract no more attention than a man walking around without a shirt on , said Ty MacDowell , 20 , of Westbrook , who organized Saturday ’s event and promoted it on Facebook .
Additional Photos
The lead five women in a group that marched topless from Longfellow Square to Tommy ’s Park on Saturday cross at the corner of Free and Congress streets in Portland .
Gordon Chibroski / Staff Photographer Bare - chested men and women walk together along a Congress Street sidewalk Saturday in Portland as part of an effort to promote equal opportunity public toplessness .
Gordon Chibroski Related Headlines Connor : Web interest in march : bottomless
But as the event got under way in Longfellow Square , the marchers were soon outnumbered by scores of onlookers — mostly young men eagerly snapping away with cameras and cell phones .
MacDowell said she was surprised by the turnout of those interested less in challenging societal convention than in seeing partially undressed women .
“ I ’m amazed , ” she said , and “ enraged ( at ) the fact that there ’s a wall of men watching . ”
MacDowell said she understood that for women , going topless in public “ is not socially acceptable yet , and obviously there ’s going to be a reaction to something that breaks the norm . ”
But , she said , the picture - taking was particularly upsetting .
“ A lot of people were taking pictures without even asking , ” she said .
“ Even if you ’re somewhere where people are fully clothed , you should ask . ”
One of the marchers said she was n’t surprised by all the attention because partially nude women in public “ is so taboo . ”
But Adrianna
Tibkey , who recently moved to Portland , said the march “ was really , really fun , and it ’s nice to know it ( going topless ) is legal here . ”
Most of the onlookers were men — but not all of them .
Tammy Walker said she shared the marchers ’ viewpoint , even if she was n’t prepared to join them in going topless .
“ I think it ’s great , ” she said .
“ You ( men ) can let it all out — why ca n ’t we ? ”
Some of the men in the crowd thought the marchers were naive to think women going topless would ever be commonplace .
“ If they were looking for no reaction — that ’s just crazy , ” said James Gilley of Gorham .
As the march started toward Tommy ’s Park in the Old Port , it picked up more onlookers and the curious .
Through Monument Square , there were more than 500 people — a mix of marchers , picture - snappers , oglers and people just out enjoying a sunny , warm day .
Laurie Francis of Livingston , Mont. , was enjoying the sun and a cup of coffee in Tommy ’s Park with her family , in Maine for a vacation , when the boisterous group swung into view .
She said the event led her to conclude that Maine — where nudity is not illegal as long as genitals are n’t on display — is more progressive than her home state .
“ You do n’t see this ” in Montana , she said .
“ Everyone ’s wearing a lot of layers in Montana at this time of year — including bras . ”
But Francis said she thought women promoting the concept of going topless as no big deal “ is a nice idea . ”
Police said there were no incidents or arrests .
Officers said their only concern was that the marchers stay on the sidewalk , since they had n’t gotten a permit that would allow them to walk in the street .
MacDowell said many of the marchers encouraged her to continue her efforts to promote public toplessness , but she said she will try to avoid a repeat of what occurred Saturday .
“ We ’ll have a topless adventure , ” she said .
“ Go fly a kite or something . ”
Staff Writer Edward D. Murphy can be contacted at 791-6465 or at :
[ email protected ]
Send questions / comments to the editors .
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
The army has begun looking into ways to crack down on the Palestinian Authority ’s financial support of the so - called nonviolent public uprising it is supporting in the West Bank , has learned .
Leading efforts against the PA ’s financial mechanism is the IDF ’s Central Command , in conjunction with the Shin Bet ( Israel Security Agency ) .
IDF sources said recently that PA officials , including Prime Minister Salam Fayyad , were directing and overseeing the weekly protests that the IDF faced in the West Bank , including in Ni’lin , Bil’in and near the Shavei Shomron settlement .
According to assessments within the Central Command , senior PA officials , and specifically Fayyad , are encouraging Palestinian youth to participate in the anti-Israel demonstrations held every Friday .
Defense officials recently met with Fayyad and warned him that he was on a slippery slope .
“ We told him that the public uprising that they currently say is nonviolent could quickly turn violent and undermine efforts both sides are making to create stability in the West Bank , ” a senior IDF officer told thelast week .
Fayyad , the officer said , plans to continue cooperating on a professional level with Israel on economic and security issues , but at the same time has made a strategic decision to retain the right to protest against Israel .
Following Israel ’s protests , Fayyad sent a number of top PA officials to mosques and community centers throughout West Bank cities and villages , to send a calming message and work to prevent an escalation in violence .
During the second intifada in the early 2000s , the IDF and the Shin Bet had significant success in curbing the flow of funds from Syria , Iran and Hizbullah to terrorist groups in the West Bank and the Gaza Strip .
According to the senior officer , the PA is currently using “ sophisticated methods ” to bring in money to finance the anti-Israelactivities .
The officer would not divulge details about the differentmethods .
“ They are sophisticated and take into considerationlegal ramifications , ” the officer said , giving as an example the PA ’ssupport of law firms that were used to flood the High Court of Justicewith petitions against the route of the West Bank security barrier .
Whilethe overall situation in the West Bank is relatively quiet , the IDF isconcerned that the demonstrations against the barrier may turn moreviolent , leading to casualties and then to a more violent uprising .
Inaddition , the recent spate of what appear to be settler attacks againstPalestinian cars and mosques could also trigger a violent Palestinianretaliation .
Andrew Scrivani , a freelance photographer and food stylist for The New York Times , is taking questions on how to photograph food .
Andrew writes the food and photography blog Making Sunday Sauce .
Post your question in the comments below and he will respond throughout the week .
In the meantime , here are five basic tips on creating a successful food portrait .
Making Food Pretty
1 . Shoot in natural light whenever possible .
Use window light , shoot outdoors .
Flash photography is possible but not preferable and takes some gear and instruction to execute well .
The flash in most point - and - shoot cameras is your worst enemy for shooting food .
Your photos will always look dull and flat from this type of flash .
Turn it off .
Ideally you want your food to be back lit or side lit .
2 . Fill your frame with the food .
You do n’t want to have a lot of empty space , meaning it should n’t be so far away from the plate that you do n’t capture what ’s on the plate .
3 . Set up your plate with the same care you might apply to dressing yourself for a night out — classic , coordinated and elegant .
Every imperfection is magnified under the camera .
Do n’t overfill the plate .
Smaller is better .
Larger plates , bowls and pots are much more difficult to frame .
Keep your plates below 10 inches wide .
4 . For bright and sunny days , where there is direct light , use a white card or paper , placing the food between the light source and the card , which will allow the light to bounce off the card , ultimately softening the level of brightness .
And you can also use scrims , filters and gel frosts ( available at any camera shop ) to cover the window and allow the daylight to filter through .
Cloudy days or indirect sunlight often do n’t need filtering .
Also , wearing neutral colors like white or tan will help reflect light back onto your subject .
5 . When shooting in low light , move the food to the brightest part of the room .
Turn up your lamps and other light sources .
For a point - and - shoot , turn off your flash and employ a tripod or a flat surface to keep the camera steady .
Hand holding the camera in low light will often produce blurry images .
Okay , I told myself I was n't going to rant any more over the latest series of Catholic child rape scandals and systematic efforts by the Church to hide them until I had calmed down at least a little bit .
I was doing okay until I saw this article from the BBC .
From this article , I learned that Rev. Raniero Cantalamessa , the Pope 's own personal preacher , has compared the criticism the Pope has faced in the aftermath of news of his role in concealing molestation by priests with anti-Semitism and the " collective violence "
Jews have suffered .
That loud sound you just heard was my head exploding .
You know who should be compared with the Jews and the violence they have suffered ?
All the innocent children raped by Catholic priests .
But Rev. Cantalamessa comparison is actually far worse than it initially appears .
We know what the Pope did .
It is n't a mystery anymore .
We know that he looked the other way on reports of molestation , enabling the Catholic rapists to assault even more children .
To suggest that the criticism he is now facing is in any way like anti-Semitism is to suggest that Jews are somehow responsible for anti-Semitism !
Does it matter that Rev. Cantalamessa claims he got the idea for this sick comparison from a letter from " a Jewish friend ? "
Not at all .
It is time for Catholics to turn their backs on this sick man and his sick institution .
Technorati Tags : Pope , child abuse , child rape
Last week , the progressive state of Utah 's drive to punish any owner of two X chromosomes went down in flames when the outside world caught wind of their attempt to criminalize all miscarriages .
But those wacky legislators have n't given up yet !
We 've been provided with exclusive access to their latest efforts at making residency in Utah even more of an unmitigated Hell than it was before .
Think of all the magic and wonder Trig Palin would have missed out on if he'd been aborted .
Think of all the good times he would n't have living in that state - run institution from the age of 18 until the end of his natural life .
Dear Governor Herbert ,
It is with deep regret that we at The Utah Fetus Advisory Board write to you today .
To be completely honest , we nearly washed our hands of you back in 2009 when your office refused to entertain our idea of changing the word " fetus " to " Future Mormon " in all science and medical textbooks sold in the great state of Utah .
However , we realize that , rarely , miscarriages are often not the fault of some current or Original Sin ; a pregnant woman could be standing downwind of a rock concert or perhaps a gathering where people are playing cards or dancing , causing her fetus to decide that life in the arms of Our Lord is preferable to 80 years of Hell on Earth .
This is why some of our brightest scholars ( including two men with PhDs in Bible Awareness ) have assembled the following suggested amendments to the revised anti-abortion bill we sincerely hope you sign soon .
After all ,
If you do n't protect the unborn children of Utah , who will ?
Amendments Hereby Proposed by the Utah Fetus Advisory Board
Every ten months , each woman living in Utah will receive a questionnaire asking if she is pregnant .
If she submits an answer of " no , " said woman will receive a instructional video produced by the Duggar family titled " Pumpin ' Em ' Out : 20 Years of Perpetual Pregnancy . "
After five " no's " are consecutively submitted , said woman will receive a mandatory bus ticket to Nevada , heretofore known as Purgatory .
All pregnant women in Utah will be required to undergo Color Swatch Skin Testing .
Any and all women testing darker than " Porcelain Perfection " will be required to pay a $ 500 fine , and allow themselves to be implanted with a special microchip for the purposes of tracking and surveillance .
For the sake of proper fetal nutrition , all women carrying a fetus must cook , serve , and eat at least one multi-layer casserole ( heretofore known as God 's Food ) per week .
Any pregnant woman receiving aid at the taxpayer 's expense through any social welfare program must sign their fetus up for mandatory farm work in order to pay off said fetus ' debt to society .
Work will begin when the child reaches Utah 's age of consent , 12 .
( Note : the children of women who pass the aforementioned Color Swatch Skin Test are exempt from aforementioned farm labor . )
All fetuses will be required to be blessed at what we hope will soon become an official ceremony officiated by the surviving members of The Oak Ridge Boys .
If mandatory sonogram testing deems a fetus " shifty , " " shady , " or " uppity , " said fetus will be placed under the watch of Utah 's already - established " I Don't Like the Looks of That One " program .
Any fetus discovered to possess a significant birth defect ( bifurcated skull , cloven feet , " Doherty Eyes , " etc. ) will be protected under the " All in God 's Plan " clause of the anti-abortion bill ( originally known as the " Everything Happens for a Reason " provision ) .
Also , in lieu of our previous goals of making any miscarriage illegal , we suggest that you prohibit the following activities for those carrying Future Mormons .
Not super - sizing at Salt Burger , Utah 's most famous chain restaurant .
Participating in " Trouble , " " Headache , " or any other board game featuring The Devil 's Pop - O - Matic Bubble .
Reading a book not written by Thomas Kinkade , Stephanie Meyer , or God .
Wearing any kind of below - torso garment deemed to have " legs , " " pockets , " or " a place to potentially hold dangerous feminist literature like The Bridges of Madison County . "
. " Fraternizing with homosexuals or " sensitive types . "
Our researchers have recently discovered that gay is a communicable disease , and the only cure -- getting dragged behind a pickup truck -- is not a cost - effective solution for taxpayers .
Working , and making plans to continue a " career " not involving beer - getting and / or back - rubbing .
Voting .
Again , we would like to stress that these proposed amendments are in the best interests of Utah 's most valuable resource , our unborn children .
P.S. We urge you once again to reconsider keeping Utah 's school lunch program .
Those hungry little bastards are milking us taxpayers dry !
Yours in Christ , The Utah Fetus Advisory Board
– The Utah Fetus Advisory Board
探偵が実施する素行調査について説明致します
素行調査について ①
探偵業務の中で最も多いのが尾行、張り込みをする素行調査です。
探偵にとって、素行調査は探偵業務の「核」と言える調査であり、素行調査と言えば探偵というくらい代名詞的存在の調査となります。
素行調査ひとつにおいても様々な難しさがあります。
最初にあげるのが調査初日です。
調査対象者を調査員が認識できなければ何も始まりません。
御依頼者 が 「あの人です」と指定して頂けるか、一軒家から出てきてくれれば簡単なのですが。
時として大型オートロックマンションや大型商業施設内にある勤務先から出てくる場合、御依頼者から預かった写真だけではなかなか特定するのが難しい場合があります。
余程、特徴があれば良いのですが中には１０年くらい前の写真とかで「変わっていないですから」と聞かされていても全く印象が異なっていたり、対象者が女性の場合、髪型や化粧でもかなり印象が異なりますのでなるべく最新の写真をご用意していただくことを強く要望しております。
また、可能な限り、当日の所持品や装飾品なども教えて頂けると大いに役立ちます。
素行調査における尾 行
素行調査はただ尾行していけば良いという訳ではありません。
何時に誰とどのような服装、所持品を持って出てきたか、克明に記録して撮影します。
かなり以前は撮影後、頭にたたき込み、後、メモや手帳に書いたりしました。
最近はデジタルカメラやビデオの普及により、以前に比べ、カメラなどの媒体に納められ、いつでもどこでも確認が出来るのでかなり楽になりました。
しかし把握していないと、持って出た書類を誰かに渡したとか、着替えて出てきたなどの変化がのちのち重要になってくるケースもあるのです。
それでは尾行を開始していきます。
余談として以前はフィルムカメラだった為、今みたいに連写や無駄に撮影する事もできず、かなり撮影には勉強させられた過去がありました。
更に昼や夜間などの対応のために感度の違うフィルムを何個か持っていなければならず、広角や望遠レンズなどもバックに入れて現場に持って行ったものです。
今では動画を必要とされる事も多く、カメラばかりではなくビデオカメラの撮影技術や最新機器の研究とやはり日々の撮影についての勉強は必要なのです。
いざ尾行に入ると新人探偵はその距離間に戸惑います。
近づきすぎるとばれてしまう。
離れすぎると見失ってしまう。
しかもいつもその距離間が一定という訳ではありません。
様々な状況において対応し変化しなければならないのです。
その対応と変化が素人とプロの違いでもあり、それは先輩探偵から教わったり、様々な経験から培われていくのです。
たまに依頼者自身や素人である友人に頼んで探偵まがいに尾行をしてしまい、ばれてから探偵に依頼する人もいますがプロといえども警戒している人を尾行するのはかなり困難な調査となります。
多くのスタッフや時間を要する事にもなってしまい、却って負担が多くなってしまうケースが殆どですので絶対に素人は尾行しないで、プロの探偵に任せて下さい。
調査員1名での尾行はお互いにハイリスク
相談時に 「尾行の調査員は１人でお願いできませんか」と言われる方がおられます。
はっきりと言わさせて頂きます。
「 無理です！ 」
依頼者がどんなに簡単な素行調査ですと言われても、行動が全く分からないから探偵に頼もうと思ったのではないですか。
確かに歩くのもやっとという高齢者が対象者だとして尾行そのものは簡単かもしれません。が、どこに行くか全くわかりません。
目的地にまっすぐ行ってくれれば良いのですが知人宅、商業施設、飲食店などに寄り道したりとさまざまです。
そして必ず入ったところから出てくるとは限りません。
また裏口が無かったとしても全ての出入口を確認しない訳にはいきません。
その際に出てきても見逃してしまいます。
過去に、対象者があるお店に入りました。
普通、お客で入ったと思いますよね。
ここはお店と住居が一緒になっていて裏側にも住居の玄関口があって、対象者はその玄関口から出てきたのです。
このような似たケースも多々あります。
１人では見逃していたのです。
それを依頼者は調査員１人で頼んだのしょうがないとは決して言いませんしむしろ何で見逃したのかと怒鳴ってくる人もいた位です。
１人では限界があります。
トイレの問題もあります。
もし１人で素行調査をしてくれる探偵社があれば、そこは悪質と思われても過言ではないと思います。
How Will Soccer Make You A Better Hockey Player ?
Soccer is great to play on a team , with friends , or by yourself just kicking the ball against a wall , or even practicing some moves .
I think the biggest improvement players would notice after a few good soccer sessions would be their improvement in foot speed and their ability to play the puck with their feet .
I remember when Ken and I spent a few hours in the driveway playing soccer with a road hockey ball .
From that day on I would frequently use my feet in hockey , and I noticed a lot of times that using my feet helped me make plays that I otherwise would not be able to do .
If you or your child play soccer here are a few skills that might carry over into hockey
Skills that will transfer to hockey from Soccer
Foot speed and foot skills
Acceleration and speed ( your legs get a great workout )
Cardio , aerobic and anaerobic energy systems
Ability to read plays and make plays
Fakes and dekes ( shoulder and head fakes )
Sportsmanship and team play
Quick movements and changing direction
Great for defensemen
I have summed up a few skills that I think players would notice the most .
I think that defensemen would get the most benefit from playing defense on a soccer team because they will need to always be reading plays , and will also use their feet again .
Some of the best defensemen I know were great with their feet , one move I use is putting the puck through the legs of the D , the better the defensemen the faster I have to be , or I need to use one deke first , then put it through their legs on the second move .
If tennis , squash and soccer are not for you I have one more sport to mention , Lacrosse
Thanks to kmad from Reddit hockey for this great tid bit of info : “ Sedin twins are notorious for playing soccer in the dressing room .
In the early parts of the decade they had the whole team into it . ”
After doing some research I found out that the Sedin twins played hockey and soccer when they were younger , they both played soccer on the Swedish junior national team , and had offers to play soccer for a club in Stockholm , but they chose hockey .
Photo credit Ronaldo F Cabuhat
Share this :
Tweet
Related
Pass the Puck
Hobbyist Shoots Earth From Edge of Space With Used Camera From eBay British inventor launches weather balloons 20 miles above earth .
March 26 , 2010  --
A typical space shuttle mission flies 200 miles above the earth 's surface and returns beautiful pictures on the way , but it involves 1,500 people , puts six or seven astronauts at risk and costs , depending on who 's doing the counting , close to half a billion dollars .
Robert Harrison got some pretty good pictures too .
He did it with a weather balloon , a used digital camera he picked up on eBay and some duct tape .
" I thought I was going to get some nice pictures , " said Harrison , a computer engineer from the British town of Highburton , West Yorkshire , " but I did n't realize I 'd see the curvature of the earth , the blue band of the atmosphere and the blackness of space . "
His camera rises to altitudes of about 20 miles over the English countryside .
The price per flight : about $ 750 .
Harrison began his hobby two years ago , figuring it might be fun to get pictures of his house from above .
The project has , er , ballooned since then .
He has tried it 20 times since 2008 .
He named his project Icarus , after the young man in Greek mythology who flew too close to the sun .
Canon A560 Camera on eBay : Less Than $ 100
Harrison is quick to say that what he 's doing is not nearly as complex as what NASA does ( " NASA 's done a phenomenal amount of work . " ) , and he is , to borrow Isaac Newton 's phrase , standing on the shoulders of giants .
He buys weather balloons from a supplier in the United States ; pictures from balloon - borne cameras long pre-date the space program .
He uses an off - the - shelf GPS locator , which gets signals from U.S. satellites , so he can track the balloon on Google maps .
He bought a Canon pocket digital camera ( a model discontinued in 2008 ) and attached a circuit board so that it would take pictures every five minutes .
The results you see .
The camera shoots randomly , turning in the wind .
Some of the images are ruined by sunlight ; others are quite striking .
The balloon rises , carried randomly by the wind , until it bursts .
The camera then parachutes to the ground in its housing .
Harrison put his phone number and a printed label on the outside : " Harmless Scientific Experiment . "
Man Shoots Pictures From Edge of Space for $ 750 Per Flight
Twenty miles high , the air is far too thin to breathe , and the helium balloon expands from a diameter of about three feet to more than 50 .
Harrison said he built a small housing for the camera with attic insulation to protect it from the high - altitude temperatures of 75 degrees below zero .
How far does the wind carry it ?
" That depends on the jet stream , " he said .
" On a good day , 10 to 12 miles .
On a bad day , 50 miles . "
He chases it by car with a GPS tracker on his dashboard .
No , he has not been reported for launching UFOs , although he does have to get clearance from British air traffic authorities so his balloons will not interfere with any nearby airplanes .
He worries that one day the camera will plop down in the North Sea or the English Channel , but so far it has tended to land in farmers ' fields .
" The one thing that 's quite scary is how thin that blue line of the atmosphere is , " he said in a telephone interview .
" This is almost a religious thing to say , but this is the only place we know of with air and life .
There 's not that much air up there .
And we all share it . "
Of course , every flight ends with an ignominious search for the camera but , Harrison said , he was " gobsmacked " by the pictures it has brought back .
" I know now for a fact , " he joked , " that the earth is round . "
The item you are looking for can now be found here :
http://www.tdmbm.com/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=16%3Athe-shift&catid=4%3Amiscellaneous&Itemid=4
Please join us at our new site http://www.tdmbm.com
Enlarge By Daniel Acker , Bloomberg News Warren Buffett says the USA and its economy are " the wonder of the world . "
BNSF RAILWAY FACTS BNSF RAILWAY FACTS Acquired on Feb. 12 by Berkshire Hathaway with a total investment of $ 44 billion .
Headquarters : Fort Worth .
Fort Worth .
CEO : Matthew Rose .
Matthew Rose .
2009 revenue : $ 14 billion , down 21.8 % .
$ 14 billion , down 21.8 % . 2009 profit : $ 1.7 billion , down 18.6 % .
$ 1.7 billion , down 18.6 % .
Employees : 40,000 .
40,000 .
Route miles : 32,000 .
32,000 .
Locomotives : 6,700 .
6,700 .
Average freight cars on system : 220,000 .
220,000 .
Bridges : 12,843 .
12,843 . Tunnels : 80 ( total length 33 miles ) .
80 ( total length 33 miles ) .
At - grade crossings of public highways and pedestrian paths : 17,439 .
17,439 .
At - grade crossings of private roads and pedestrian paths : 8,733 .
Source : Burlington Northern Santa Fe BNSF REVENUE BNSF REVENUE
Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway revenue , by commodity , in billions : Commodity 2008 2009 Domestic intermodal1 $ 2.8 $ 2.1 International intermodal1 $ 2.7 $ 1.9 Automotive $ 0.5 $ 0.3 Total consumer products $ 6.1 $ 4.3 Coal $ 4.0 $ 3.6 Industrial products $ 4.0 $ 2.9 Agricultural products $ 3.4 $ 2.8 Total freight revenue $ 17.5 $ 13.7
Other revenue $ 0.5 $ 0.4 Total revenue $ 18.0 $ 14.1 1 - intermodal refers to oceangoing or highway truck containers stacked on trains for long - haul overland shipping but transferred to ships or trucks at the beginning or end of their journey .
Source : BNSF
In Matt Rose 's 10 years at the helm of BNSF Railway , he'd heard plenty of investors talk about quarterly performance .
A few would even talk about the railroad 's annual performance .
Then on Feb. 12 , he answered a call from Warren Buffett , the legendary investor who looks for long - term return and whose Berkshire Hathaway holding company had just closed on its $ 26 billion purchase of the 77 % of BNSF shares it did n't already own .
" Warren called me and said , ' I 'm looking forward to our first century together , ' " Rose says .
" I 'd never heard an investor use the word ' century ' before . "
When the deal — the largest purchase in Berkshire 's history — was announced in November , there was plenty of second - guessing .
Was age finally catching up with the " Oracle of Omaha ? "
Railroads , after all , generally are viewed as 19th - century technology , and they 've suffered big drops in shipping and revenue in the recession .
And the 79 - year - old Buffett is talking about an investment that pays off throughout the 21st century ?
Buffett chuckles at the suggestion that buying the nation 's second - biggest railroad is a sign of senility .
He argues that railroads represent the future .
They 're best - positioned to haul the raw material and finished goods for a nation and economy that he insists are bound to grow .
Unlike trucks , trains do n't have to compete on congested highways .
Nor do railroads depend on strapped governments to maintain infrastructure .
" They do n't need the government to build them new highways and airports , " he says in an interview with USA TODAY .
" They 've already invested heavily in their infrastructure and technology , and they plan to invest more to keep up with the growing demand .
" They 're the only mode of freight transportation that can handle growth .
What 's not to like about that ? "
Buffett also laughs that his big bet on the future — taking what for him was the radical step of splitting Berkshire class B shares ( BRKB ) 50 - to - 1 to make the BNSF acquisition acceptable to the railroad 's shareholders — is a second sign he 's slipping .
" We did n't split the A stock ! " Buffett says in a half - joking defense of his competency .
Berkshire 's iconic class A shares ( BRKA ) currently are priced at a jaw - dropping $ 122,090 each .
Nor would he have split Berkshire 's class B shares , priced at more than $ 3,000 a share before the BNSF deal , if he did n't think his wager was worth it .
When the class B shares were created in 1996 as a way for smaller investors to buy a piece of Berkshire , Buffett says the plan always was to execute a stock split if it became necessary to close an important purchase .
But he also intended to be pretty picky about what would be worth that step .
A railroad is that purchase .
Tracking history Buffett grew up in the 1930s and 1940s when folks in Omaha , the hometown he shares with Union Pacific , thought eating Sunday lunch at the Union Pacific station downtown was a sign of social sophistication .
And he confesses to a life - long love of railroads .
He has an elaborate model railroad layout on the third floor of his home for his children and grandchildren , though " it gets little action , " he says , because they do n't share his fascination and he has little time for it .
But buying BNSF ( for Burlington Northern Santa Fe ) is no nostalgia play .
Buffett foresees a dynamic and profitable future not just for BNSF but for the nation 's rail industry ; so much so that he chastises himself for coming to that view , he says , two years late .
" There are just four big railroads in the U.S. , " Buffett says .
" I know the people who run three of the four , and they 're all good people .
They will all have similar destinies .
They will all do very well , especially Union Pacific and BNSF . "
Counting the $ 8 billion in BNSF shares Berkshire already owned , the $ 26 billion in cash it paid for the remaining BNSF shares , and the assumption of $ 10 billion of debt , Buffett has invested $ 44 billion in the railroad .
Rail also is a capital - intensive industry .
Buffett says , " If anything , we 'll be investing more " in BNSF in the near term " as we build it for the future . "
His move has been good for the industry .
When the BNSF buyout was announced , BNSF 's stock , which had been bumping along at around $ 77 a share , immediately shot to near Berkshire 's $ 100 - a- share offer price .
BNSF shareholders were n't the only beneficiaries .
Most of its rail competitors ' shares jumped , too , and , for the most part , have remained strong .
Several analysts suggest that as much as $ 18 billion has poured into the industry as investors bought other so - called class I rail stocks : Union Pacific , CSX , Norfolk Southern , Kansas City Southern , Canadian Pacific and Canadian National .
" Some of those who took money out of the BNSF deal wanted or needed to still be in rails , " says Morgan Stanley transportation analyst William Greene .
" But , of course , there 's more to it than that .
Some of that share ( price ) improvement in those other ( railroads ) is related to investors buying those names because they think the rail fundamentals are improving . "
Drawing lots of attention
However it 's attributed , the long - term value investment thesis for which Buffett is famous has become evident to other investors .
" Buffett is looking at ( railroads ) in terms of the long - term population and GDP growth in this country , " Greene says .
Assuming a modest long - term economic growth rate of 2.5 % and average annual population growth of 1.5 % , " that translates into a lot of new goods being made and transported to a lot more people in this country over the next few decades , " he says .
" Then take into consideration that we 're not building new highways and ports in this country , " Greene adds .
" That means there 's only one way to move all the extra stuff we 're going to have to move as our population and economy grow . "
No one argues that railroads are now good investments simply because Buffett has deemed them worthy .
But his ability to spot a long - term value opportunity , and his willingness to move ahead of the pack , makes him one of America 's most closely followed investors .
" No doubt , Warren Buffett created a lot of positive press for the rails , " says analyst John Mims , who follows the industry for BB&T in Richmond , Va .
" But the institutional investors out there are n't going to be swayed as much by that as retail investors , " he adds , noting that only a sliver of rail shares are owned by individuals .
Yet , institutional investment managers sometimes miss trends .
Even when they do n't , they can be reluctant to jump in until a prominent investor makes a bold leap .
" What Buffett did was highlight for everyone that this is just a real positive time for the rails right now , " Mims says .
" ( Shipping ) volumes are getting better .
Pricing is getting better .
By announcing that Berkshire was investing $ 44 billion in a railroad , Buffett , with his track record of success , was endorsing the viability of the rails . "
Impact of ups and downs
But what if , as some economists continue to predict , a second half of a double - dip recession is headed this way later this year or next ?
What if , as some bears suggest , the U.S. economy goes into a prolonged period of stagnation and weakness , creating a Japanese - like lost decade or two ?
" As long as it is n't a lost century , I 'm OK , " Buffett says .
" We used to call these things ' panics , ' " Buffett says of the recent recession .
" In the 19th century , we had seven or eight of them .
We had the Great Depression .
We 've had flu epidemics .
We had the Civil War .
But the person who bets on this country and its economy going backward is the guy who has to explain himself , not me .
" Since 1790 , this ( the USA and its economy ) is the wonder of the world , " Buffett says .
" The ingredients of that have not disappeared from this world ; 9/11 and all sorts of things have come and gone , but the United States ' success story is n't over . "
That 's why he was comfortable in November calling Berkshire 's BNSF buyout an " all - in wager on the economic future of the United States . "
" Our country 's prosperity depends on its having an efficient and well - maintained rail system , " he said .
At the same time , he said , " America must grow and prosper for railroads to do well . "
BNSF 's
Rose says the industry , and BNSF in particular , is well - positioned to help the nation prosper .
It 's already made huge investments in new technology , infrastructure and markets , he says .
After the industry was deregulated in 1980 , Rose says , " The railroads spent the next two decades going on a productivity binge , wringing out excess costs , getting rid of inefficient lines , finding wage rates that we all could live within , both for employees and our companies .
We think we are a very productive institution at this time . "
U.S. railroads were 144 % more efficient in 2008 than in 1980 , according to the Association of American Railroads , the industry 's trade group .
In 2008 , they carried , on average , a ton of freight 457 miles on one gallon of diesel fuel , up 5 % from 436 miles just a year earlier .
And the association claims that if just 10 % of the freight that now moves by truck were moved to the rails , the USA would burn 1 billion fewer gallons of fuel a year .
And that 's what they want to do : move more freight from the highways to the railways .
The fuel savings would be an economic benefit to the rails and shippers , and a general benefit to society and the environment , Rose says .
" While there 's been a tremendous couple of decades of productivity with the trucks , they 've hit that peak , and now they 're headed down , " he says .
And the railroads are ready .
The AAR 's member railroads have poured more than $ 440 billion , better than 40 % of their combined revenues , between deregulation in 1980 and 2008 into new locomotives and technologies to improve hauling capabilities and lower costs .
They 've laid double , triple , quadruple tracks in heavily traveled rail corridors to relieve costly shipping bottlenecks .
They 've opened new and enlarged existing rail yards and intermodal shipping sites , where ocean shipping containers and de-coupled highway truck trailers can be stacked on flat cars for long - haul shipping , to make lines more accessible .
Meanwhile , inflation - adjusted average shipping rates , excluding fuel and other surcharges , fell 49 % over that same 28 - year period , according to AAR data .
And the same economics of scale that help make rails the lowest - cost option for transporting heavy loads long distances also happen to make them relatively " green " in an era when that increasingly matters .
Rose and other rail boosters claim long - haul trains are three to four times more fuel - efficient than trucks in terms of freight tons miles per gallon of fuel .
" This has an enormous beneficial effect on society , " Buffett says .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
I think I need to make some " EMERGENCY BOOZE " stickers .
Copyright , Trademarks and Attribution
Autodesk Revit is a product that is wholly owned by Autodesk .
Any reference to Revit , Revit Architecture , Revit MEP or Revit Structure on this site is made acknowledging this ownership .
Refer to Autodesk 's own web site and product pages for specific trademark and copyright information .
Autodesk represents a great many products and every attempt will be made to respect their ownership whenever one of these other products is mentioned on this site .
British developers have not exactly dominated the first - person shooter genre .
There was Goldeneye of course , Rare 's seminal Bond tie - in for the N64 , which brought in a new level of depth , structure and replayability .
The development team behind it would go on to make Perfect Dark and later – as independent studio , Free Radical Design - the eccentric Time Splitters series .
That brief throughline effectively dominates the history of UK involvement at the cutting edge of FPS design .
Ah , but then there 's Black .
Released at the fag end of the PlayStation 2 era and developed by Guildford - based studio Criterion , this 2006 cult classic , was a stylised , hyper- kinetic deconstruction of the FPS concept .
Designer Stuart Black , a veteran of Peter Molyneux 's formative Bullfrog studio , was obsessed with the simple act of pulling the trigger .
He wanted to explore the bullet and its effect on the environment – hence a huge range of obsessively detailed firearms , masses of environmental damage and enough explosions to keep Michael Bay happy for a decade .
It sounds dumb , but Black was smart , visceral and fizzing with creative energy .
It was n't so much gun porn as gun poetry .
Now Stuart Black is creative director at Codemasters Guildford , a young development studio , that has cherry - picked staff from the Black team , as well as projects like Splinter Cell , Fable and Brothers in Arms .
Their forthcoming debut title , Bodycount , takes the philosophy behind Black – ballistics as a central game design component – and drags it to the next level .
" Outrageous fun is one of the things we talk about a lot , " says Stuart , " We want to give people the sensation of glee when they squeeze that trigger , it 's an addictive more - ish quality .
You just want to keep doing it .
We 're talking about making a cool combat experience .
We 're not interested in covering all the usual bases , we 're confidant enough in what we 're delivering … "
The game is , of course , another FPS , and like Black , it 's set amid a shadowy covert war .
This time however , the action takes place in a vague near - future .
You play a young operative working freelance for a global corporate organisation named The Network .
The game begins with the lead character in a rundown motor home , looking plaintively at the photograph of a beautiful woman – suddenly , a helicopter buzzes overhead ; it 's The Network with a job offer he can't refuse .
His role will be to hit the world 's trouble spots take out operatives of a rival organisation known as The Target as quickly and messily as possible .
" The Target are totalitarian fascist nutjobs , " says Black , " You do not want to have any part of their society , or allow them any credence in the world – they 're clearly evil and have to be stopped .
Where the Network sits is a little more ambiguous , you have to determine that during the course of the game … "
The main draw at the moment , is not the plot and its dalliance with conspiracy theories concerning the New World Order .
The main draw is the incredibly destructive environments .
Almost every object you see in the game can be torn to pieces by bullet fire ; we played a quick test level , a sort of rundown industrial zone complete with guard towers and low concrete buildings .
Firing off a G36C assault rifle at a wall sends plaster and brick flying in all directions as the surface , then the wall interior , breaks down .
Shoot out a car and the tyres burst , the hood pops , steam billows from the engine .
" We have this catch phrase - rip it up , " says Black .
" You 're going to rip through this environment to get to the bad guys .
The single most important thing is the guns .
You are a gun , there 's no character on screen for you to identify with .
The gun is how you express yourself .
In terms of impact effects and the feeling of shredding the environment , we 're not going to be beaten by anyone .
We meant it .
Every time a new FPS comes out , I load it up and start shooting at a wall – how does that feel ?
It 's surprising how shit it is in most games – but it's a fundamental element , it 's a core feedback . "
But it 's not just about effect , it 's about access .
In Bodycount , you can blow chunks out of thinner interior walls , allowing you to burst through and catch enemies by surprise .
You can also brilliantly modify cover objects – if you 're hiding behind a crate and want to take out enemies without popping up from behind it , shoot a hole in it .
Bingo , you 've got a comparatively safe firing vantage .
The difference between this and say , Red Faction or Bad Company , is that the destruction is n't limited to pre-set building sections .
It 's everywhere .
This should , of course , grind the processor to a halt , but the team has come up with a simple compromise to facilitate its vision .
" The trick is that we 're not running full physics on everything , " explains lead coder , Jon Creighton .
" I do n't want to go into too many details and a lot of it is going to change , but the important thing was , for a lot of the objects that are supporting – window frames , for example – because we know it 's a constrained system we can simplify the physics , and that just made it a lot easier .
In effect , you 're probably not going to get buildings collapsing , a la Bad Company , because the engine relies on the structural integrity of larger objects .
What you do get however , is hundreds of smaller props being blown to pieces , drastically re-shaping the immediate world around you .
" In action games , really , the most important character , the character that tells the story , is the environment , " says Creighton .
" If you look at Half Life 2 , they did wonderful work with facial expression and story telling , but really it was the devastation of City 17 that gave you that feeling of what the story was .
And more recently in Bioshock , the biggest character in that is Rapture .
So what we 're doing is , we 're taking the central character and giving it more depth .
As you go through the level you are shaping the environment , all of a sudden , it 's got more personality … "
" Another thing we solved is , how you render that .
In a lot of other games , when something is destructible , you see a little edge around everything , it 's almost like an old cartoon .
Because of the way we process the art assets and all of the models , we get rid of all that , so it looks like a smooth surface .
It 's a combination of a clever solution on the rendering and a nice solution on the physics .
And we 're still optimising … "
This is tied in with one of the best cover systems I 've ever seen .
While in a crouching position ( gained by holding the left trigger down ) , you can use the left analogue stick to subtly look and aim around your cover object , ducking and peeking to gain that perfect view of the war zone .
It 's natural , it 's comfortable and it's adaptive , and it will surely consign the whole ' locking on ' mechanic to the graveyard of cover system history .
The meaning of Bodycount
Black describes Bodycount as a glossy techno thriller , something to sit beside the likes of Heroes , Flash Forward and True Blood as a piece of slick modern entertainment .
It quickly becomes clear while talking to him ( or rather , listening to him talk – his turbo - charged Scottish brogue does n't allow for much in the way of interjection ) that he 's an obsessive pop culture magpie .
In the space of a few seconds , he name checks Black Hawk Down , Die Hard 4 and Marvel comic book series , The Punisher , before telling us that the three biggest influences behind Bodycount are Steve McQueen , JJ Abrams and Lady Gaga .
The upshot is , this is n't a grimly realistic military simulation , it 's fantasised violence in a graphic novel world .
With character design for example , Art Director Max Cant is hugely influenced by 2000ad artists like Cam Kennedy , who retain naturalistic human proportions , but draw oversized equipment , accentuated silhouettes and gigantic weapons to create a dramatic , exciting look .
This approach extends to the environment .
" In this industry , there 's a standard thing where people will just use photo references for all the textures , " explains Cant .
" That 's alright , but it effectively means that everyone is working from the same stock – that 's very high frequency , high - detail textures .
They give you the end result , but everyone ends up with desaturated browns and grays , with rusty corrugated iron in every level .
There 's no real meaning .
But this stuff should support the storyline , which is tied up with mood and pacing and everything .
If you want to support that properly , you have to go back to basics and deal with colour .
Grading and tinting are techniques we 're seeing more and more in the movies .
So take Ridley Scott : it 's early in the morning and you do a fly over of Rome .
Now Rome is all white walls and red roof tiles – but Scott 's shot will be blue - it's that kind of thinking , telling the story through colour … "
So that matt , grubby , photorealistic patina so beloved of military FPS developers is gone , replaced by an over - riding gloss .
As Cant explains , " Filmmakers will go into the set with a large water tanker and spray the entire set so that all the surfaces have a sheen that picks up the lighting .
As you 're going around [ Bodycount ] , the light plays on the immersive glittery environment and helps to lift the mood , so you 're not seeing the same drab surfaces everywhere .
And instead of just using arbitrary four way - tiling textures , all of our edges have scuffing and damage , all of our recessed areas have oiling and staining .
That 's the comic book influence , again – it helps to stylise , but it also helps your eye to read the object at distance .
Ultimately , all the edges of worn stuff will have exposed metal so you 'll get lots of glints and light , again trying to lift the tone of the thing , by bringing in some iridescence and sparkling colours . "
Colour is even being utilised on a subliminal level .
During the Africa levels for example , the key themes are pollution , corruption and sickly unease .
Cant has used yellow as the predominant colour , not just because it denotes the relentless heat of the sun , but because apparently it unconsciously makes us feel hungry .
It 's all about creating discomfort .
" We 'll tie it in with audio too , " says Cant .
" So when there 's thunder , you 're hardly aware of it , but it 'll be sub - bass stuff - the feel is tied in with indigestion … "
There 's also lots of colour - coding going on within the action : red objects are likely to explode , for example .
It 's a subliminal language that players must pick up in order to survive .
This use of subtext extends to the iconography of the warring corporations .
The Target is psychotically focused , relentless and ruthless , so its vehicles have cold steel surfaces and angular styling – it sees curves are a sign of compromise .
Meanwhile , the Network wants to present itself as a customer - focused , friendly US corporation , so its colour palette is all nostalgic Americana – confederate grey , the exact blue from the Stars and Stripes – " America 's smiley sell to the world , " as Cant puts it .
Bodybuilding
Bodycount is split into three acts , each in a different part of the world .
We know one is Africa , but Codemasters are keeping quiet about the rest for now .
Each act is separated into a series of missions and locations , which can be attempted in any order – Black says it feels a little like a Resident Evil game in terms of structure ; you get to re-explore old areas whenever you want .
In most missions , you 're given a specific target , then you go out and create what Black laughingly refers to as a ' corridor of death ' leading straight to them .
In other words , you kill everyone .
To ensure destruction and mayhem are ramped up to the max , the team has added an interesting arcade - style combo system to the slaughter .
Every time you kill an enemy , or shred up a nearby computer , they 'll drop an in - game currency known as intel .
This can be spent on weapons upgrades , or used to call in tactical support in the form of helicopter gun ships , predator drones or weapon platform drones .
If you chain kills effectively or get multiple kills ( especially through some kind of environmental chain reaction ) , you 'll get more intel .
Plus , there are several different types of enemy soldier , including medics , who 'll heal their stricken comrades , and scavengers , who run about the battlefield stealing any intel you do n't get to ( and using it to call in air strikes on YOU ) .
Naturally , there 's a combo bonus for taking out a variety of these guys simultaneously .
The team is planning favourable ' kill lines ' through each level that 'll offer masses of juicy intel for the correct combo sequences .
However , there 's a keenness to avoid directing the player too much .
" We do n't want an optimum way of taking out enemies , because then everyone will then do it that way , " says Black .
" We want you to think about the threat level to you versus the value in terms of combos and intel .
There 's no right and wrong , it depends on how you play , and your confidence .
Do you take down the 50 cal guy first because you 're having a hard time staying out of the way of his bullets , or do you think , 'no , I know how to deal with this guy and put cover between us , I 'll deal with the medic first , because when I DO put the 50 cal guy down , I do n't want someone coming around and healing him up again ' .
Or perhaps you get the commander because he can call in reinforcements .
I 'm very big on player customisation – it's their experience , they 've paid their fifty quid for it , I want them to play the way they play . "
Another key structural concern for the team is combat staging .
Often in linear FPS titles , enemy activity will be activated at pre-set trigger points – you 'll go through a certain door and they 'll spawn behind it .
But of course , Bodycount is n't quite linear , and you do n't have to go through the door , you can always blow a hole in the wall , so that last - minute spawning strategy is no good .
Instead , it seems that enemy soldiers will be spawned into the world very early , and they 'll patrol it realistically , so instead of set - piece choke points , you 'll get dynamic encounters that sprawl over the playing surface .
I definitely got a feel for this during my hands - on time with the game .
Enemies were all over the map , working individually and chasing me through locations , or joining together to form makeshift squads , scaling over environmental objects and improvisationally flanking me .
It 's fun because you need constant 360 degree awareness , just like playing deathmatch , and this sense of urgency is heightened by the comparative compactness of the maps – they 're around 200 square metres .
Black wants a lot of the showdowns to take place in 30 m zones of death .
There 's nowhere to run to .
Body of evidence
What we do n't have yet , is much of a plot .
Black says he wants the game to engage players emotionally , but all we have is a story about warring companies and a young Captain Kirk - style hero in the middle of it all .
Clearly , we 'll find out more about him and his motivations later .
En route , the narrative is going to involve some big decisions for the player – throughout the action you 're remotely fed mission briefings by three mysterious female operatives who you never meet .
But at some point in the game , the objectives they each give you start to contradict .
Who do you trust ?
Black hints that there 's much more going on behind the façade of corporate dueling that he 's given us so far .
One final , reasonably interesting element .
Apparently , there 's a ' boss ' at the end of every level , but it 's not a character , it 's a building .
Every mission area concludes with you gaining entry to the local Target HQ – and these will be absolutely cutting edge edifices .
" I 've penciled the Target buildings in as machine towers , " says Cant .
" So it 's ambiguous as to whether they 're actually buildings .
It 's not like an office block .
We might do stuff like have them move … "
The art team have been swotting up on the latest trends in architecture , studying Coop Himmelblau , WORKac and Daniel Libeskind .
And for the interiors they 're looking at Apple , Bang & Olufsen , and things like luxury yacht design .
The buildings will be well defended and fiendishly difficult to enter , but once you 're in , you get to tear the place up with machine gun fire in a ballet of destruction .
Elsewhere , we can expect drop in / drop out for co-op and team deathmatch .
Black is enthusiastic about how the destruction modifies the standard multiplayer online gameplay .
" We 've got 12 - player deathmatch up and running at the moment , " he says .
" We 're just starting to play it , and it 's terribly unbalanced right now , but we can see how it 's going to get there .
And what surprised us was how destruction changes the way you play ; it stays consistent throughout the rounds , so you start out playing with shotguns and sub - machine guns , and you 're using them to rip through walls , creating your own route through the levels .
But the more holes you make , the more the stage opens up .
So you switch to assault rifles , which are n't as good for close combat , but are better at firing accurately in a set direction .
And then finally , you 're on the sniper rifle , and you 're on one side of a building , shooting all the way through to some guy on the other side of the map . "
It 's been a long time , then , since Britain 's last truly agenda - setting first - person shooter .
With Bodycount , there 's a chance the wait could be almost up .
From the brief demo we saw , it 's frantic , bloody and panic - inducing stuff , like being shoved into the middle of Black Hawk Down , as it's noisily re-filmed in someone 's rapidly disintegrating garage .
It 's also stylised and self - conscious ; it is n't Modern Warfare , it 's postmodern warfare .
Stuart Black is of course , very confident about the opera of chaos and destruction he 's composing .
" We 've got some real stars here .
Not just from Black , but the new people , from Lionhead , from Media Molecule and various other companies .
They 're really good guys , particularly on the code side : we have an incredibly strong code team .
I 've been in quite a few development studios and there 's an energy , a buzz , around the great teams , that is n't there in the others .
And it 's here .
I definitely feel it here … "
Are you one of those job seekers who have been sending far too many resumes and been hit with far too many disappointment ?
The problem may not lie with your qualification or skills set .
Employer filters tons of resumes on daily basis , only the outstanding ones get noticed .
A creative resume is fairly important .
Not only it resembles your personality , it also speaks your capability and creativity .
Putting more effort and thoughts into creating an impressive resume is definitely worthwhile , as it is usually the first thing any employer sees before flipping through your entire portfolio .
Today we want to bring to your attention a collection of 45 creative and beautiful resumes that will definitely impress an employer .
Let ’s not take any chances to let your dream job slip away ( again ) .
Full list after jump .
25 Creative Resume Design Ideas , Vol. 2 25 Creative Resume Design Ideas , Vol. 2
Sending in your resume is usually your first step in making a lasting impression to your dream company , ... Read more
A CV that probably laid the author the job and great at attracting attention among several hundred applicants .
# 2
Author ’s first take at visualizing general tasks he does daily between age 0 - 32 .
It also highlights significant events of the last 20 years .
Just a creative way to get a graphic design job , while expressing author ’s parallel interest in fabric and sewing .
# 7
A retro and vintage CV with pictures .
# 8
Labor unions ( aka trade unions ) have existed for hundreds of years , gaining popularity during the Industrial Revolution .
Unions are an organization of workers who have banded together to achieve common goals .
Although there have been some attempts to outlaw them , they continue to exist pushing the agenda of their members .
As the ranks of freelancers , independent contractors and the self employed have grown ( some estimates put the number of independent workers as high as 30 % of the US workforce ) , the need for peer support has given rise to the idea of unions for independent workers .
Should you join a union ?
Below we look at some of the pros and cons .
Pros
Private / Priority Access to Available Jobs and Projects Unions will often provide job / project listings exclusively to members , giving you access to additional work opportunities .
Even when those listings are open to the public , members will often prioritize other Union members when selecting candidates for their jobs .
Participate in Key Advocacy Efforts
As an individual it can be difficult to have your voice heard .
Decisions that affect you and your business , at the city , state and federal levels can get made without consideration of your opinion .
By banding with other like minded individuals your voice can grow louder and be heard at every level , changing or re-enforcing policies .
Access to Health Benefits
Many independent works forgo health insurance when starting out .
If they are not covered by previous employers plan ( COBRA ) , or through their spouse , the cost individual insurance plans prohibit the purchase for many people .
By becoming a member of a union you often have the opportunity to purchase health insurance at a group rate .
Not only do you get good deals on monthly fees and lowered deductibles , you may also gain the ability to choose from more than one type of healthcare plan .
Even if you are able to get insurance from other sources , the union plans may provide better options and pricing for your needs .
Networking with your peers
Being an independent worker can be a lonely existence , rare meetings with clients your only external contact .
Unions are a network of like minded , like skilled professionals , that you can turn to for advice and support .
Unions are also able to leverage their base of members to organize or access specialty conferences and workshops that can help your improve your skills , with advice from industry leader and peers alike .
Get Support for Your Business
We often forget that being a freelancer does mean you ’re in business , albeit a small one .
Unions are able to offer advice and support for organizing and running that business as smoothly as possible .
The can provide access to relevant articles , industry research and training to help you run a profitable business .
Members - only Discounts
Just as unions are able to negotiate good rates on health insurance , with large enough numbers , unions are also able to gain access to special deals on other products and services their members may need .
The larger the unions , the better range of offers and size of discounts they may be able to get .
Cons
Unions dues
Although membership has its benefits it comes at a cost .
Most Unions require annual dues to cover administrative and other costs related to their operations .
Time and Effort Unions are often powered by the efforts of their members , the value you gain from being a member will be reflective of the time and effort you are able to put into it .
Differing beliefs
You ca n’t agree with everyone all the time , but the Unions must present a unified front with representing its members , so sometimes they may put forward a point of view or opinion that you as the minority do you agree with .
Depending on how important these issues are for you , may affect if wish to retain your union membership .
Leadership controlled Although Unions are a collection of workers , they still need leadership to run the day to day operations .
That leadership is elected by the members , but much like government , once elected the leadership is under no obligation to do as the members want , unless required by the union bylaws .
Unions and Groups for Independent Contractors
Freelancers Union
The freelancers union is free for all freelance professionals .
This group provides certain insurance and retirement plans and benefits .
The union is also active politically , advocating the rights of those who rely upon themselves for employment .
National Writers Union
This union is made for freelance writers and independent contractors in all literary fields including books , journalism and online writing .
International Webmasters Association IWA , a non-profit professional association , is the industry ’s recognized leader in providing educational and certification standards for Web professionals .
Are you a member of a freelancers union ?
What made you join or keeps you out ?
He decided that the only safe way to shift the mattress was to scoop it up in a 1.7 ton JCB digger – an operation that would require the services of a driver , a banksman to guide him , and two officials to make sure it was done properly .
I ’ve been putting it off and I ’m blaming the cold and not procrastination for it .
But since Spring is here , or at least I hope it is , I have no more excuse but to finally commit to growing my own herb garden .
Ever since we moved to the Dogpatch last year , Dennis and I have been thinking about starting our own vegetable garden .
Inspired by the community garden in Potrero Hill , we thought about tending one for ourselves in our huge patio , huge by city standards of course .
And so this past weekend , we rolled up our sleeves , tidied up the patio and finally started our very own herb garden .
We are starting small — basil , mint , parsley , rosemary , and thyme — our favorite herbs that we cook most with .
We do n’t want to get too ambitious and plant a bunch of stuff only to find out that we do n’t have a green thumb .
But if all goes well , we ’ll probably throw in chive , oregano and tarragon in the mix .
Maybe some lavender .
As much as we want to grow herbs in the ground , we really do n’t have much of a choice but to grow them in pots .
Alanna Kellogg has great suggestions about growing herbs in pots .
We used eight - inch diameter lightweight pots with drainage holes at the bottom and we planted a single herb to a pot .
Large pots this size will hold enough moisture on hot rainless summer days while the drainage holes will prevent plants from drowning .
What about the soil ?
“ For extra -large pots , fill the bottom third or half of the pot with styrofoam popcorn or even used wine corks .
The pot will need less soil and be quite a bit lighter , making it easier to move or at least turn .
Then fill with soil .
If you ’re doing just a couple of pots , buy a premixed soil called potting soil , which will be loose and easy to work with .
For more soil , it ’s easy to make your own potting mix . ” – Kellogg
Our patio gets flooded with morning sun , which is perfect for plants since afternoon sun is hard on them .
We found a spot that ’s bright in the morning but has plenty of shade in the late afternoon .
It is important to find a spot that gets direct sun for at least six hours a day because herbs love the heat .
How about watering and caring for the herbs ?
In hot climates , Kellogg recommends watering daily unless it rains .
She soaks them in the morning , filling the pots until water begins to drain out of the holes in the bottom .
But for San Francisco , I think we ’d have to come up with our own watering schedule and see how it goes since we would n’t want to overwater our plants .
Finally , Kellogg warns about herb blooms : do not allow them to bloom — particularly , basil .
Nip these off as soon as they appear , she says .
Keep the herbs clipped , neat and trim .
Here are a few links for sites that have more information about growing herb gardens at home .
Never Buy Fresh Herbs Again
Growing Herbs on Pots
Make Your Own Potting Mixes
Would You Pay $ 150 + for Year - Round Fresh Herbs ?
By the way , we ended up just spending under $ 40 for the herbs , pots , and potting soil .
We bought those small herb plants that are typically sold in grocery stores and Farmers ’ Markets for $ 2 to $ 3 apiece .
Since we did n’t spend a fortune , I ’m really psyched and really looking forward to cooking with our own herbs .
If all goes well , we ’ll have meyer lemons next and a bigger place that comes with the tree .
Washington ( CNN ) --
You may drive a hybrid car , eat organic food , use " green " beauty products and design your home according to the latest environmentally friendly standards .
But if you have n't considered " greening your love life , you are still a total environmental disaster , " according to Stefanie Iris Weiss , author of the recently released book , " Eco - Sex . "
How should it work ?
Should you envision melting glaciers during a romantic dinner with your significant other ?
Well , not quite .
It could be as simple as where you choose to go on a date .
" How about going to a restaurant where you can eat a seductive menu based on organic , local food , which has produced less carbon dioxide before it ends up on your plate ? "
Weiss suggested .
She is hoping to steer people away from " dirty " sex toward eco-sex .
That means :
• Hop on your bike for your next date and leave your car at home .
( That means saying " adieu " to long - distance relationships . )
• Stop excessive spending on Valentine 's Day .
( It produces way too much trash anyway . )
• Wear comfy bamboo underwear .
• Do n't be so keen on having babies .
How about adopting a child instead or implementing a one - child policy ?
Weiss ' theory is not entirely new .
Greenpeace published a guide to " environmentally friendly sex " in 2002 , which includes " switching off the lights during romance " or " if you want to see your partner , have sex during the day . "
But Weiss goes further :
She covers everything from your first date to raising your kids " green . "
She also suggests keeping the environment in mind when your sex drive is fading .
Viagra , she says , is overrated .
" People should eat oysters as an aphrodisiac instead , " Weiss says .
" They are a full of zinc , a precursor of testosterone .
Casanova himself was known to eat them in great quantities before sex . "
On the streets of Washington , the idea of an eco-friendly love life is met with laughter .
" How green is my love life ?
Are you serious ?
Do n't be absurd ! " were the most common reactions from people on the street .
But the concept is in full display at a local sex shop .
" We sell organic oils , edible underwear and toys that are completely recyclable , " says Luis Cadillos , a salesman at Georgetown 's " Pleasure Place . "
" The problem is our customers are embarrassed to dispose their toys properly . "
He says he thinks promoting an eco-friendly sex life could be " big business . "
" We should have an extra shelf for our green - conscious customers , " Cadillos suggests .
His colleague , Paula Kov , is less enthusiastic about the idea .
" I try to live environmentally friendly , but it goes way over the top to think about [ carbon dioxide reduction ] in my love life , " she says .
Climate activist Mike Tidwell disagrees .
" I never thought about how green my love life is .
But in fact this is about reducing our extensive consumption and that should concern every part of our life , " he says .
Tidwell , who is the director of Chesapeake Climate Action Network in Washington , decided long ago to have only one child .
" But I am glad the book does n't prohibit making love outdoors , " Tidwell joked .
" That produces zero carbon dioxide . "
It 's clear in Weiss ' 200 - page book that she is using sex to promote a completely green lifestyle .
But is that such a bad thing ?
" With sex anything sells .
Even the environment , " Weiss says .
She says she is hoping that , in the midst of the global climate crisis debate , her book " may finally approach those green - grumps , who do n't know the basics about living an environmentally friendly life . "
That does n't seem likely after reading conservative blogger William Teach 's post on her book :
" I actually hope the climate alarmists , consisting of mostly liberals , take her advice on how to have eco-friendly sex without getting pregnant , " Teach posted on rightwingnews.com .
" The world could use a whole lot less unhinged liberals taught by their unhinged liberal parents . "
John Bargh , who teaches psychology at Yale University , sees a different problem with the eco-sex theory .
Thinking about the environmental impact of your love life , he says , goes against human nature .
" Human beings are irrational , " he says .
" We make decisions based on our desire , especially when it comes to love . "
Swami Nithyananda , a so called spiritual preacher to the outside world was today caught in a scandal .
Here in Sun News today , the video clip showcased that swami nithyananda had a sexual affair with an unknown tamil film actress whose face was masked in the video .
The actress name starts with the character “ R ” the hint added .
This was a shocking video for the entire people who believed him as a real spiritual person for all these years and revealed his hidden stuffs .
The video clip triggered many questions about him and his background and his real life style .
Updates added :
1 . The original name of nithyananda was called as “ Rajasekaran ”
2 . He is running ashram in Bangalore and Thiruvannamalai
3. Nakkeeran claims that actress as Ranjitha
4. Video link provided by one of our reader http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nhzCl3xUiv4
5. Public ransacked nithyanada ashrams in various places
6. Swami nithyananda absconded due to fear of public attack
7 . Cases to be filed against swami nithyananda , news added by sun news
8. Sun New telecasted the swami nithyananda scandal video without masking the film actress Ranjitha face
Controversial British MP George Galloway was barred from entering Canada last year because the Conservative government has a pro-Israel bias , Galloway ’s Canadian lawyers argued in federal court Wednesday .
“ We have clearly aligned ourselves with a particular political point of view , ” Barbara Jackman told the court in her concluding statements , adding that Immigration Minister Jason Kenney — who Jackman called a “ self - described Catholic Zionist ” — used the force of Canada ’s immigration laws to deliberately prevent Canadians from hearing Galloway ’s anti-war message .
“ Mr. Kenney has no right to enforce his views on us as Canadians who want to hear George Galloway speak . ”
An outspoken socialist politician in the UK ’s left - wing Respect party , Galloway was supposed to visit Canada on a four - city speaking tour in March 2009 , but was told he was inadmissible on security grounds after publicly donating vehicles , medical supplies and $ 35,000 to Hamas while visiting Gaza weeks earlier following the Israeli military offensive .
Canada ’s federal court is reviewing the ban .
Government lawyers argued that Kenney was not involved in the decision to ban Galloway , who they say under Canadian law must be considered a member of a terrorist organization because he provided financial and material support to Hamas , considered by Canada and several other countries to be a terrorist group .
“ He intentionally chose to give that money and those goods to the elected government in Gaza , ” said Marie - Louise Wcislo , a government immigration lawyer .
The veteran politician — who was expelled from Britain ’s Labour Party in 2003 for urging British soldiers not to fight in Iraq — was allowed into the U.S. and ended up addressing Canadian audiences from New York City via video link .
Galloway , who denies supporting Hamas , has argued that his envoy mission was purely humanitarian and the only way he could support Palestinians in Gaza was by dealing with its elected government .
Jackman and her colleague Hadayt Nazami , who are also representing a coalition of peace groups that organized Galloway ’s speaking tour , argued that senior government officials , including Kenney , directly intervened to prevent Galloway from entering the country .
“ This was clearly an exercise in taunting Mr. Galloway by senior levels of government , ” Jackman said , adding later that labelling Galloway a terrorist is a misuse of Canada ’s anti-terror laws .
“ When our parliament passed that legislation it was to protect our country from people who throw bombs , not people who buy incubators , ” she said , referring to the medical supplies Galloway ’s envoy reportedly delivered to Hamas .
Wcislo said once Galloway handed money to Hamas , he would have no control over how it was used .
But Jackman said the government ’s logic implicates itself and several other countries .
“ If in fact Mr. Galloway is a terrorist for providing aid to the elected government of Gaza , then our Prime Minister is as well , ” she said , noting Canada also sent humanitarian aid to the region .
Jackman and Nazami , Galloway 's lawyers , said Galloway is not paying their bills .
They said they have been paid by the group of orgs appealing the ban .
Wcislo said the court should not even be hearing the case because there is no decision to review .
She said although Galloway was warned by government officials that he would not be admitted to the country , those warnings were courtesies based on a “ preliminary assessment ” of his admissibility , and he was never formally deemed inadmissible because he never tried to enter Canada .
“ It was Mr. Galloway ’s decision to stay in New York City and participate [ in the speaking event ] the way he did , ” she said , adding that since Galloway is a British citizen he did not need a visa to enter Canada and therefore could only be deemed inadmissible by a Canadian border officer .
“ Who knows what decision would be made at the border ? ”
Galloway ’s lawyers referenced a “ web of correspondence ” from key government officials , including Kenney ’s director of communications , which indicated senior levels of government were intervening in the case .
“ Who in his right mind would come to the border after that ? ” Jackman said , adding that Galloway would risk being detained .
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Jackman also referred to negative comments made by Kenney and his spokesman to the media about Galloway that “ tainted ” the possibility of fair treatment by immigration officials .
Government lawyers admitted Kenney ’s comments were “ ill - advised and “ unfortunate expressions of opinion , ” but “ that does n’t necessarily mean the process of the civil servants was biased by those statements . ”
Galloway told CBC News Wednesday that he has never supported Hamas , and that he delivered ambulances , baby milk , medicine and food to humanitarian organizations and charities when he visited Gaza last year .
“ They may not agree with it , but the idea that a mature parliamentary democracy like Canada should use the immigration laws , abuse the immigration laws to stop their people hearing someone ’s argument is clearly something that should be worrying Canada , and I think probably is , ” he said .
Justice Richard Mosley did not provide a timeline of when he would deliver his decision .
Read more about :
Imagine breeding , owning , caring for , training and racing your own stable of virtual thoroughbreds while interacting in a vibrant social community with thousands of online horse game players from all over the world .
This exciting game puts you in complete control of your virtual stable and gives you a first - hand insight of what top thoroughbred owners and trainers do to prepare their horses for upcoming horse racing events .
After breeding and analyzing your horse , your caring and training routine will get him ready for his racing debut .
Identify and enter the correct races for your horse , assign his training routine , give your jockey racing instructions , then sit back and watch 3D horse racing at its finest .
You will be on the edge of your seat cheering for your virtual thoroughbred as he turns for home and strives with an all - out effort to reach the finish line first .
No other horse game can provide this level of realism .
This exciting free game allows racing fans , whether novice or seasoned , to enjoy the most realistic , heart - pounding , exciting gaming experience .
Players compete for top honors and awards in our free online horse game .
Will your horses have what it takes to earn top racing honors with you as breeder , owner , and trainer ?
Click the Play Now button to start building your stable of champions .
A bad McAfee update on Wednesday created some problems for users running computers with Windows XP .
A bad McAfee update on Wednesday created some problems for users running computers with Windows XP .
The incorrect malware alert , issued today at 9 am Eastern , resulted in computers with Windows XP Service Pack 3 to shut down and start on a continuous reboot cycle .
" McAfee is aware that a number of corporate customers may have incurred a false positive error due to incorrect malware alerts , " McAfee said in a statement .
" McAfee is working to address the problem with continuous customer communication and a new signature update .
McAfee apologizes for any inconvenience to our customers . "
The update has since been removed from McAfee download servers for corporate users , and issued a fix .
McAfee did not provide specific information on how many people were affected , though a reader from the University of New Hampshire said that the update has affected the campus ' whole IT infrastructure .
Twitter is also awash in updates from users twiddling their thumbs until the issue is fixed .
" Sittin at work ALL day while # mcAfee screws our computers , " wrote one Colorado - based artist .
" Computers in the FLC lab were also frozen due to # McAfee # Antivirus acting up , " wrote an Ohio teacher .
" Had to cancel class or move rooms . "
Comedy Central aired the 201st episode of Matt Stone and Trey Parker ’s South Park last night .
The episode was a continuation of the storyline from the 200th episode which was about Muhammad and how people do n’t make fun of him because of religious fanatics .
When I sat down to watch the episode , I was shocked at the level of censorship .
Unlike the 200th episode , the 201st featured tons of bleeps ; especially whenever they said Muhammad .
I was left wondering whether the complete change in the censorship was a joke in itself .
Today Stone and Parker released a statement .
Hit the jump for more :
In the 14 years we ’ve been doing South Park we have never done a show that we could n’t stand behind .
We delivered our version of the show to Comedy Central and they made a determination to alter the episode .
It was n’t some meta - joke on our part .
Comedy Central added the bleeps .
In fact , Kyle ’s customary final speech was about intimidation and fear .
It did n’t mention Muhammad at all but it got bleeped too .
We ’ll be back next week with a whole new show about something completely different and we ’ll see what happens to it .
So now that it ’s been cleared up , I ca n’t seem to understand how this happened .
South Park is one of the most offensive shows on television , but at the same time no one can really feel taken advantage of because there are no taboos as far as the show ’s content is concerned .
So why is Comedy Central taking this wishy washy stand against the creators of one of the biggest shows on television ?
Let ’s hope that this misunderstanding between the creators and the station is cleared up and no more unnecessary censorship ruins what is probably great television for us ( the audience ) .
( via South Park Studios )
Photography Credit : Elise Bauer
For those of you out there who cannot fathom even the idea of beets , fine .
Truly , I ’m a -okay with it .
That only means there is more of this beet hummus for me .
I ate this entire batch , save one teaspoon that my mother caught just in time , before it was all finished off .
( In this family , you snooze , you lose . )
Our Favorite Videos Get Recipe »
Seriously , if you like beets , and you like hummus , you ’ll love this beet hummus .
The ingredients are beets , tahini , garlic , lemon , cumin , and salt and pepper .
Use as a pretty topping for cucumber rounds , scoop some up with pita triangles or celery ribs , or just dive in , like oink - oink here , with a spoon , and eat it up before anyone knows what they ’re missing .
Many thanks to neighbor , pastry chef , and friend Evie Lieb , for sharing this terrific recipe with us .
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
Cleanternet
A satirical swipe at the EU plans for site blocking systems .
( , Sun 25 Apr 2010 , 20:28 , Reply
clicky
i like this .
( , Sun 25 Apr 2010 , 20:59 , ( , Sun 25 Apr 2010 , 20:59 , Reply
Is it satire or real ?
I 'm not sure you can tell where the EU is concerned .
A bit more info on the website would be handy .
( , Sun 25 Apr 2010 , 21:16 , ( , Sun 25 Apr 2010 , 21:16 , Reply
I agree
The website itself says that it " supports " the idea .
The video contradicts this but not every tom dick and harry can see the satire in the video .
( , Sun 25 Apr 2010 , 22:12 , ( , Sun 25 Apr 2010 , 22:12 , Reply
what a fantastic video .
very high level of production .
and the tone is spot on . :)
( , Sun 25 Apr 2010 , 21:30 , ( , Sun 25 Apr 2010 , 21:30 , Reply
I 've just glimpsed the future .
And I 'm scared .
( , Sun 25 Apr 2010 , 23:08 , ( , Sun 25 Apr 2010 , 23:08 , Reply
" North Korea , China and Iran are already using successful filters "
And soon , Australia might join that illustrious trio in their noble efforts to protect their people from pedos ( and awkward political leaks ) .
( , Mon 26 Apr 2010 , 0:08 , ( , Mon 26 Apr 2010 , 0:08 , Reply
Remember the Darth Google video ?
I 'm convinced this is by the same people .
From the graphics down to the indeterminate Australasian lady voice over .
But then again , I have been wrong about things .
Turns out the BNP were racist after all .
Still , at least they have an opinion on immigration .
Does that make them bigots ?
What is a bigot ?
No , really .
I left school at 14 .
I thought he called me a big gut .
Etc .
( , Fri 30 Apr 2010 , 20:25 , ( , Fri 30 Apr 2010 , 20:25 , Reply
cleanternet
when its reality a 2nd serect internet w/ piratebay and 4 chan will come back within a few months
( , Sun 2 May 2010 , 1:12 , ( , Sun 2 May 2010 , 1:12 , Reply
Make America Think Again ! - Share Pat's Columns ...
Major demonstrations are to be held in 70 cities on May 1 to protest the new Arizona law to cope with an army of half a million illegal aliens now living there .
Since Gov. Jan Brewer signed that law a week ago , Arizona has been subjected to savage attack as the modern embodiment of Jim Crow , apartheid and Nazism .
Few have risen in her defense .
In San Francisco , Los Angeles and Washington , D.C. , moves are afoot to boycott Arizona and cancel conventions to break the state , as it was broken when Arizona declined to set aside a holiday for Martin Luther King .
Republican leaders like Jeb Bush , Karl Rove and even the rising Marco Rubio of Florida have declared themselves “ troubled ” or “ concerned ” and washed their hands of Arizona , which suggests they have not read the law — or the party remains captive to country - club political correctness .
In a particularly offensive smear , Mexican President Felipe Calderon charged Arizona with opening the door “ to intolerance , hate , discrimination and abuse in law enforcement . ”
And what was the reaction of the Great Apologist to this slander of an American state by the leader of a neighboring nation ?
None .
One wonders if Barack Obama will ever stand up to foreign leaders ’ abusing the nation that awarded him its highest honor .
Or has he been marinated since birth in the “ Blame America First ” mindset of the San Francisco Democrats who sneer at the real America ?
As columnist Michelle Malkin writes , there is no shortage of ammunition our president could have used to fire back at the hypocrites of Mexico City .
For where Arizona has made it a misdemeanor to be in the country illegally , in Calderon ’s country it is a felony that can get you years in prison .
Where illegal aliens in America regularly protest under Mexican flags , no foreign resident of Mexico may demonstrate against the regime .
Where immigration is changing the ethnic balance of this country , in Mexico immigrants are not allowed in who could upset “ the equilibrium of the national demographics . ”
Where Americans demand we treat illegal aliens firmly but fairly , Guatemalans caught in Mexico are often treated with a brutality bordering on sadism .
We really do not need any lectures on morality or human rights from Mexico .
But what is the matter with our leader that he will not defend his country ?
As for the supposedly neo -Nazi Arizona law , what does it really say and do ?
First , it brings Arizona law into conformity with federal law .
As it has long been a federal crime to be in the country illegally , it is now a crime in Arizona .
Second , just as U.S. law since 1940 has required legal aliens — immigrants and guest workers — to carry their green cards or work visas at all times , Arizona law now says the same thing .
Is there something inhumane about this ?
If so , where have the protests been these last 70 years ?
Many of us in the 1950s had to carry not only driver ’s licenses , but draft cards .
No U.S. citizen in Arizona , however , has to carry an identity card .
As for racial profiling , the new law forbids it .
A police officer , it reads , “ may not solely consider race , color or national origin ” in stopping anyone or in determining an immigrant ’s status .
Before there can be a “ reasonable suspicion ” an individual is here illegally , there must first be a “ lawful contact . ”
This means no cop can halt and challenge a man on the street , or sitting in a restaurant or bar , or driving a car .
If an individual is caught running a traffic light , the police must first ask for his license .
Only if the individual lacks a valid ID or driver ’s license , or his behavior causes “ reasonable suspicion ” he is an illegal , can he be brought in .
Then , a call must be made to U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement ( ICE ) to determine his status .
Where is the neo -Nazism here ?
Is this too much to ask on behalf of the police in a state whose first city , Phoenix , in the words of Kris Kobach , co-author of the new law , has become the “ kidnapping capital of North America and the hub of human smuggling into the United States ” ?
When one looks closely at what the Arizona law says , the hysteria it has generated seems so excessive one wonders if it is fear the Arizona law will work — as well as hatred — that is behind the over - the - top reaction .
Whatever the motivation of the left , defense of this law by conservatives is imperative .
For without tools like this , the Southwestern states cannot stop the invasion from Mexico — given the U.S. government ’s dereliction of its duty to defend America ’s borders .
Conservatives must stand up for Arizona .
And this is winnable .
For by backing away from “ immigration reform , ” both Harry Reid and Obama are admitting , de facto , that America is with us , not with them .
Share this : Telegram
Pocket
Reddit
Twitter
Facebook
Tumblr
WhatsApp
Print
Email
More
LinkedIn
Skype
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
According to the Olympic Charter , the gold and silver medals must each be made of at least 92.5 percent pure silver and the gold medal must be gilded with at least six grams of gold .
The price of gold changes daily .
Assuming there 's six grams of gold in each medal , at 31.1 grams per troy ounce , that is about 0.2 troy ounces .
With gold at $ 1100 per troy ounce , the value would be about $ 212 .
The remainder of the gold medal is made out of silver .
The price of silver also fluctuates , but at an average of $ 14.50 per troy ounce , and assuming the entire medal weighs 500 grams , the remaining silver in the gold medal hovers around $ 230 , bringing the total value to around $ 450 .
Additional facts :
The Beijing 2008 medals also include Jade for the first time , which could impact the value .
The 2010 Vancouver medals are the largest in Vancouver history , weighing at about a pound each .
See related links for a Wall Street Journal article on the worth of Olympic medals .
Animal Male Female Baby Grouping
Alligator bull cow hatchling congregation , pod ( of young )
Antelope buck doe calf herd
Ape male female baby shrewdness
Armadillo male female pup -
Badger boar sow kit , cub cete
Bat male female pup colony
Bear boar sow cub sleuth , sloth
Beaver - - pup , kitten colony
Bee drone queen , worker larva hive , swarm ( in flight ) , bike , drift , grist
Bird cock hen hatchling , chick dissimulation ( small birds only ) , fleet , flight , flock , parcel , pod , volery
Bison , Buffalo bull cow calf gang , herd
Boar boar sow piglet , shoat , farrow singular , sounder
Butterfly male female caterpillar , larva , pupa , chrysalis swarm , rabble ( group of caterpillars is an army )
Camel bull cow calf flock
Cat tomcat queen kitten clutter , clowder , litter ( young born to one female ) , kindle ( kittens )
Cattle bull cow calf drift , drove , herd , mob
Cheetah male female cub coalition
Chicken rooster hen chick , pullet ( young hen ) , cockrell ( young rooster ) flock , brood ( of hens ) , clutch ( of chicks ) , peep ( of chicks )
Clam - - larva bed
Cockroach - - nymph -
Codfish - - codling , hake , sprag , sprat school
Coyote dog bitch pup , whelp pack , rout
Crane - - chick herd , sedge , siege
Crow cock hen chick murder , muster
Deer buck , stag doe fawn herd , mob
Dinosaur bull cow hatchling , juvenile herd ( of plant - eaters ) , pack ( of meat - eaters )
Dog Dog bitch pup litter ( pups from one mother ) , pack ( wild ) , kennel
Dolphin bull cow pup , calf herd , pod , school
Donkey jack , jackass jennet , jenny colt , foal drove , herd
Dove cock hen squab , chick dole , flight , piteousness
Duck drake hen , duck duckling badelynge , brace , bunch , flock , paddling , raft , team
Eagle - - fledgling , eaglet aerie , convocation
Echidna - - puggle -
Eel - - leptocephalus ( larva ) , elver ( juvenile ) swarm
Elephant bull cow calf herd , parade
Elk bull cow calf herd , gang
Falcon tercel , terzel falcon chick .
Ferret hob jill kit business , fesynes
Fish - - fry , fingerling draft , run , school , shoal
Finch cock hen chick charm
Fly - - maggot cloud , swarm
Fox reynard vixen kit , cub , pup skulk , leash
Frog - - tadpole , polliwog , froglet army , knot
Gerbil buck doe pup horde
Giraffe bull doe calf herd , corps , tower , group
Gnat male female larva cloud , horde
Gnu bull cow calf herd
Goat buck , billy doe , nanny kid , billy herd , tribe , trip
Goose gander goose gosling flock , gaggle , skein ( only while in flight ) , wedge ( flying in a " V " formation )
Gorilla male female infant band
Grasshopper male female nymph swarm
Guinea pig boar sow pup group
Gull cock hen chick colony
Hamster buck doe pup horde
Hare buck doe leveret down , husk , warren
Hawk tiercel hen eyas aerie , cast
Hedgehog boar sow piglet , pup array
Heron cock hen chick sedge , siege
Hippopotamus bull cow calf herd , bloat
Hornet male female larva nest
Hog boar sow shoat , farrow drove , herd , litter ( a group of young born to one mother )
Horse stallion , stud mare , dam foal , colt ( male ) , filly ( female ) stable , harras , herd , team ( working horses ) , string or field ( race horses )
Hound dog bitch pup cry , mute , pack
Human man woman baby , infant , toddler clan ( related ) , crowd , family ( closely related ) , community , gang , mob , tribe , etc .
Hummingbird cock hen chick charm
Hyena male female cub clan
Jay cock hen chick band , party
Jellyfish - - ephyna smack
Kangaroo buck , boomer , jack doe , flyer , jill , roo joey troop , herd , mob
Koala male female joey n/
a
Lark cock hen chick exaltation
Leopard leopard leopardess cub leap , prowl ( some say it should be a spot of leopards )
Lion lion lioness cub pride
Llama - - cria herd
Locust - - - host , swarm
Louse ( plural lice ) male female nymph colony , infestation , lice
Magpie cock hen chick tiding , tribe , charm , gulp , flock , murder
Mallard drake duck duckling flush , sord
Mole male female pup labour
Monkey male female infant troop , cartload
Moose bull cow calf herd
Mosquito male female lnymph , wriggler , tumbler swarm
Mouse buck doe pup , pinkie , kitten horde , mischief
Mule jack hinney foal barren , pack , span ,
Nightingale cock hen chick watch
Opossum jack jill joey -
Ostrich cock hen chick flock
Otter male female whelp , pup family , raft
Owl - - owlet parliament
Ox steer , bull cow stot , calf drove , herd , yoke
Oyster - - spat bed
Panda boar sow cub -
Parrot cock hen chick company , flock
Peafowl peacock peahen peachick muster , ostentation
Penguin male female chick rookery
Pheasant cock hen chick brood ( a family ) , nye ( a large group )
Pig boar sow piglet , shoat , farrow drove , herd , litter ( of pups ) , sounder
Pigeon cock hen squab , squeaker flock , kit
Platypus - - puggle -
Porpoise bull cow calf herd , pod , school
Prairie dog boar sow pup coterie , town
Pronghorn buck doe fawn herd
Quail cock hen chick bevy , covey , drift
Rabbit buck doe kitten , bunny , kit colony , drove , leash , nest , trace , warren
Raccoon boar sow cub nursery
Rat buck doe pup , pinkie , kitten horde , mischief
Raven - - - congress , unkindness
Rhinoceros bull cow calf crash
Sand Dollar male female larva , pluteus ( free - swimming stage ) , juvenile ( young urchin ) -
Seal bull cow pup herd , pod , rookery , harem
Seastar male female larva , pluteus ( free - swimming stage ) , juvenile ( young urchin ) -
Sea Urchin male female larva , pluteus ( free - swimming stage ) , juvenile ( young urchin ) -
Serval male female kitten -
Shark bull female pup school , shiver
Sheep buck , ram ewe , dam lamb , lambkin , cosset drift , drove , flock , herd , mob , trip
Skunk - - kit surfeit
Snake male female Snakelet , neonate ( a newly - born snake ) , hatchling ( a newly - hatched snake ) bed , nest , pit
Spider male female spiderling -
Squirrel buck doe pup , kit , kitten dray
Swallow - - - flight
Swan cob pen cygnet , flapper bevy , game , herd , team , wedge ( flying in a " V " formation )
Termite male female larva swarm ( while flying ) , colony
Tiger tiger tigress cub , whelp ambush , streak
Toad male female tadpole knot
Turkey tom hen poult rafter
Turtle male female hatchling bale
Wallaby jack jill joey mob
Walrus bull cow cub , pup herd , pod
Wasp drone queen ( reproducing female )
worker ( non-reproducing female ) larva colony
Weasel dog , buck , Jack , hob bitch , doe , Jill kit gang
Whale bull cow calf gam , grind , herd , pod , school
Wolf dog bitch pup , whelp pack , rout
Wombat jack jill joey mob
Woodpecker male female chick descent
Wren cock jenny chick flock , herd
Yak bull cow calf herd
Yellow Jacket drone queen ( egg- laying female )
worker ( non-reproducing female ) larva colony
Tim Hortons ( " Always fresh / Toujours frais " ) is a Canadian institution :
This coffee - and - doughnuts chain occupies a cultural space that 's up there with Molson , poutine or The Kids in the Hall .
And now employees of Tim Hortons may be eligible for war medals , courtesy of an overhaul of the rules for Canadian civilians who work in war zones .
According to CanWest news service , Canada 's Department of National Defence has clarified the rules for how it recognizes overseas service .
The changes , the news service states , " will include the controversial decision to allow Tim Hortons employees at Kandahar Airfield to receive medals from the Afghan war . "
Tim Hortons occupies a coveted corner location on the boardwalk at KAF ( milspeak for " Kandahar Airfield " ) , pictured here .
The boardwalk is a small welfare - and - recreation area that includes a hockey rink , plus a Pizza Hut , Burger King and a few Afghan souvenir shops .
In an effort to cut down on " nonessentials " in the war zone and reinforce focus on the mission , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , the top U.S. general in Afghanistan , recently ordered the closure of several base concessions , including Burger King , Orange Julius and Dairy Queen .
In an official blog post , Command Sgt. Maj .
Michael
Hall said the fast - food cutbacks were all about reinforcing focus on the mission .
" Supplying nonessential luxuries to big bases like Bagram and Kandahar makes it harder to get essential items to combat outposts and forward operating bases , where troops who are in the fight each day need resupplied with ammunition , food and water , " he said .
But Tim Hortons will be spared , apparently .
CanWest recently quoted a Defence Department spokeswoman , who said : “ There are no plans to close the Tim Hortons . ”
And do n't worry , caffeine addicts : Green Beans Coffee will remain at bases across Afghanistan .
[ PHOTO : CFPSA.com ]
What should we do in the face of a pandemic ?
Should life - saving drugs be withheld because they 're too expensive ?
Should the government ban alcohol ?
And are bacon sandwiches really that dangerous ?
Plus has answered these and many other questions as part of a project , supported by the Wellcome Trust , looking at the role of mathematics and statistics in the biomedical sciences .
We bring you in - depth articles , podcasts , classroom activities , and the chance to debate the issues .
So , do you know what 's good for you ?
To help you find out , we 've brought together all the content of this project , grouped together in the following categories :
The maths of infectious diseases : From SARS to swine flu , infectious diseases hardly ever disappear from the headlines .
If it 's not the disease itself that hits the news , then it 's the vaccines with their potential side effects .
This category contains news items , in - depth articles , podcasts , and class room activities on the maths of epidemiology .
Evidence based medicine :
Which treatments and drugs should be offered on the NHS , given the finite health care budget ?
How do you judge the risks of medical treatments , or even your own behaviour ?
The articles in this category explain what sort of evidence is used to answer these difficult questions .
Genetics :
One of the greatest advances in the biomedical sciences has been the unravelling of our genetic code .
The articles in this category explore and explain the mathematical challenges posed by genes .
Maths in medical research : Mathematics has become an indispensible tool in medical research , not only because it can crack many difficult problems , but also because it can be used to model complex organisms .
These articles explore how .
Infectious diseases
How can maths fight a pandemic ? —
How do mathematical models of COVID - 19 work and should we believe them ?
We talk to an epidemiologist , who has been working flat out to inform the government , to find out more .
Squashing the curve —
A study into Covid - 19 suggests that flattening the curve will take longer and harder measures was hoped at first .
Fighting the coronavirus — A brief and accessible introduction to epidemiological modelling .
A very useful pandemic —
In 2018 Cambridge researchers , the BBC , and thousands of citizen scientists created a revolutionary infectious disease data set .
Protecting the nation — Vaccination is an emotive business .
The furore around the MMR vaccine and autism has shown that vaccination health scares can cause considerable damage : stop vaccinating , and epidemics are sure to follow .
But how do scientists decide whether a vaccine and a vaccination strategy are effective and safe ?
( This article is accompanied by a podcast . )
Protecting the nation : the podcast —
We talk to Paddy Farrington , Professor of Statistics at the Open University , about issues surrounding vaccination safety .
Influenza virus :
It 's all in the packaging —
We have all become more aware of the dangers of influenza this year , but why is it so dangerous ?
Julia
Gog explains that the unusual structure of the influenza genome can lead to dangerous evolutionary jumps , and how mathematics is helping to understand how the virus replicates .
The mathematics of diseases —
Over the past one hundred years , mathematics has been used to understand and predict the spread of diseases , relating important public - health questions to basic infection parameters .
Matthew Keeling describes some of the mathematical developments that have improved our understanding and predictive ability .
London , September , 1853 .
A cholera outbreak has decimated Soho , killing 10 % of the population and wiping out entire families in days .
Current medical theories assert that the disease is spread by " bad air " emanating from the stinking open sewers .
But one physician , John Snow , has a different theory : that cholera is spread through contaminated water .
And he is just about to use mathematics to prove that he is right .
Read more ...
Swine flu uncertainty —
When a new infectious disease has broken out , how do you get those vital first estimates on numbers of infected and dead ?
This article , a news item from July 2009 , looks at monitoring systems .
Pan( dem ) ic ? —
Swine flu has turned out to be much milder than was feared at first , leading to accusations of initial hype levelled at the government and scientists .
But even at the start of the outbreak , scientists were accused at scare mongering .
This article , a news item from May 2009 , explains how predictions about the spread of the infection are made .
Do n't blame it on the tube —
Buses may be safer than babies , at least when it comes to swine flu .
This news story from October 2009 examines the preliminary results from an online flu survey , which suggest that contact with children poses one of the greatest swine flu risk factors , while the use of public transport seems surprisingly safe .
A symmetry approach to viruses —
How mathematical descriptions of symmetry , group theory and geometry have led to amazing discoveries regarding the shape of viruses .
This article is accompanied by a podcast .
A symmetry approach to viruses : the podcast —
An interview with a scientist working on the geometry of viruses .
Beating bird flu with bills —
Travelling bank notes mimic the spread of diseases .
School students deliver cutting edge research —
Find out how a group of school students - turned - researchers delivered new data that will help scientists stem the spread of infectious diseases .
Classroom activity : Build your own disease —
This activity explores epidemiological models using basic probability theory .
It also involves exponential growth and geometric progressions .
Evidence based medicine
What is pharmaceutical statistics ? —
What do statisticians do in the pharmaceutical industry ?
Evaluating a medical treatment - how do you know it works ? —
New treatments and drugs are tested extensively before they come on the market .
But how do you make sure that no dangerous side effects are missed in the trials , and that any positive effect you observe is really due to the drug , rather than just chance or some other type of bias that has crept in ?
( This article is accompanied by a podcast . )
Evaluating a medical treatment :
The podcast —
We talk to David Spiegelhalter ( Winton Professor of the Public Understanding of Risk ) , Sheila Bird ( Professor at the Medical Research Council Biostatistics Unit ) , and Nigel Hawkes ( journalist and director of Straight Statistics ) about why randomised controlled trials are used and how they test if a new treatment works .
Biostatistics , from cradle to grave :
The podcast —
It 's not just medical drugs that need rigorous testing .
Public health programmes , too , need to be assessed before they are implemented , and government health policy should also be based on objective evidence .
We talk to Professor Sheila Bird of the Biostatistics Unit in Cambridge about her work in public health and its impact on policy , and discuss bias in pharmaceutical studies .
The economics of health — With a finite health care budget , health authorities have to strike a difficult balance : every decision to fund a treatment for one patient group may come at the expense of others .
So how are these difficult decisions made ?
How to measure life —
A new drugs offers hope to cancer sufferers and may add years to their lives .
However NICE , the National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence , must decide if it can be prescribed freely on the NHS .
This news story from June 2009 explains the mathematical considerations that go into NICE 's decision , and why such a decision must be made .
Breast screening , a statistical controversy —
One in nine women will get breast cancer in her lifetime , and it seems sensible to screen women for breast cancer to treat them as early as possible .
But , as this article explains , the statistical evidence is n't all that clear - cut .
Florence Nightingale :
The compassionate statistician — Florence Nightingale survives in our imaginations as an inspired nurse .
But the " lady with the lamp " was also a pioneering and passionate statistician .
She understood the influential role of statistics and used them to support her convictions .
So to commemorate her on the centenary of her death , we 'll have a look at her life and work as a statistician .
Read more ...
2845 ways of spinning risk —
Do bacon sandwiches give you cancer ?
Statistical analysis can give you an idea of whether they do or not , but , as this article explains , public reaction to the results depends on how the risks are spun by the media .
Protecting the nation — Vaccination is an emotive business .
The furore around the MMR vaccine and autism has shown that vaccination health scares can cause considerable damage : stop vaccinating , and epidemics are sure to follow .
But how do scientists decide whether a vaccine and a vaccination strategy are effective and safe ?
( This article is accompanied by a podcast . )
Protecting the nation : the podcast —
We talk to Paddy Farrington , Professor of Statistics at the Open University , about issues surrounding vaccination safety .
Small but lethal —
Comparing and communicating small lethal risks is a tricky business , yet this is what many of us are faced with in our daily lives .
One way of measuring these risks is to use a quantity called the micromort .
Read more ...
Classroom activity :
What 's the best medicine —
This activity explores the difficult decisions facing health authorities when deciding which drugs should be funded , and explores how maths is used to decide which treatments provide the most " health for money " .
It involves basic arithmetic and manipulation of averages .
Career interview : medical statistician — Medical statistician Robert Hemmings explains how his work for the Medicines Control Agency helps to safeguard the health of the nation .
Reporting risk
It can be very difficult to understand health risks , particularly when they are badly reported ( intentionally or not ) in the media .
These short articles highlight the pitfalls of reporting risk statistics .
Genetics
Solving the genome puzzle —
The human genome is represented by a sequence of 3 billion As , Cs , Gs , and Ts . With such large numbers , sequencing the entire genome of a complex organism is n't just a challenge in biochemistry .
It 's a logistical nightmare , which can only be solved with clever algorithms .
" It 's a match ! " — cries the CSI .
At first glance it might seem that if the police have matched a suspect 's DNA to evidence from the crime scene , then the case is closed .
But some statistical thinking is required to understand exactly what a match is , and importantly , how juries should assess this as part of the evidence in a trial .
Modelling cell suicide —
Shedding light on suicidal cells and a mathematical model that could help fight cancer .
Classroom activity : matching criminals —
This activity explores pitfalls surrounding DNA data bases .
You 're more than the sum of your genes — geneticists are usually concerned with picking apart the individual genes that make up a genome , but two biochemical engineers from the University of Wisconsin Madison have decided to re-assemble all the pieces and give them a good shake .
This news story from February 2009 explains that it's not just the genes themselves , but also the way in which they are organised within the genome , that determine the characteristics of an organism .
Influenza virus :
It 's all in the packaging —
We have all become more aware of the dangers of influenza this year , but why is it so dangerous ?
Julia
Gog explains that the unusual structure of the influenza genome can lead to dangerous evolutionary jumps , and how mathematics is helping to understand how the virus replicates .
Of pancakes , mice and men — Genes normally evolve by tiny mutations , but every now and then something more radical occurs and entire genes along a chromosome get flipped .
Understanding gene flipping boils down to solving a problem from pure maths .
Colva Roney - Dougal and Vincent Vatter explain , taking us on a journey from waiters sorting pancakes , via one of the richest men in the world , to the genetic similarities of mice and humans .
Career interview : Scientific data analyst , life science technology —
Genomics is one of the fastest moving areas of science and Gavin Harper , a mathematician and statistician , has put himself right at its centre .
He works for Oxford Nanopore Technologies , a company which is developing new technology for analysing molecules and sequencing DNA .
With 75 employees from 18 different countries and all sorts of scientific backgrounds , Gavin 's work environment is nothing like the solitary paper - and - pencil affair traditionally associated with mathematics .
Reconstructing the tree of life —
Last year saw the 150th anniversary of the publication of On the origin of species , and the 200th anniversary of the birth of its author , Charles Darwin .
At the heart of Darwin 's theory of evolution lies a beautifully simple mathematical object : the evolutionary tree .
In this article we look at how maths is used to reconstruct and understand it .
Read more ...
Natural selection , maths and milk — According to Darwin , natural selection is the driving force of evolution .
It 's a beautifully simple idea , but given the thousands of years that are involved , nobody has ever seen it in action .
So how can we tell whether or not natural selection occurs and which of our traits are a result of it ?
In this article Charlotte Mulcare uses milk to show how maths and stats can provide genetic answers .
Read more ...
Clever coiling —
Something about nature loves a helix , the ubiquitous spiral shape taken on by DNA and many other molecules found in the cells of living creatures .
This news story from March 2005 explains how physicists may have a mathematical answer to why this shape is so common in nature .
Read more ...
Seeking truth with statistics —
As if deciding on guilt or innocence was n't a big enough burden for juries , many now also have to struggle with complex scientific evidence .
It is vital that the statistical arguments involved are presented in a meaningful way .
This article , a news story from June 2004 , reports on a meeting of the Royal Statistical Society 's General Applications Section that was tackling this difficult task .
Read more ...
We have depended on knots for thousands of years to hold things together .
In the 1800 's the mathematical theory of knots was born out of attempts to model the atom .
This article from 2001 explores knot theory , and the role it plays in knotting and unknotting DNA molecules .
Read more ...
All chemical reactions are probabilistic , including those acting on the information stored in the DNA inside our cells .
This news story from February 2004 reports on a mathematical model that simplifies the problem of noise in monitoring molecular reactions like those involved in the expression of genes .
Read more ...
Medical research — maths to make you feel better
Speaking maths —
We often think of mathematics as a language , but does our brain process mathematical structures in the same way as it processes language ?
A recent study suggests that it does : the process of storing and reusing syntax " works across cognitive domains . "
Read more ...
Feeling tense about healing wounds ?
— Squeamish about cuts and scrapes ?
Maths can help you feel better .
Read more ...
Born to count ? —
People as well as animals are born with a sense for numbers .
But is this inborn number sense related to mathematical ability ?
A new study suggests that it is .
Read more ...
Shaping our bones —
We know that applying a force to a bone during its development can influence its growth and shape .
But can we use our understanding of how developing bone reacts to mechanical forces to help people suffering from diseases that lead to bone deformities ?
Read more ...
Stretch , but without the wrinkles —
A team of nanoengineers have constructed new materials that do n't wrinkle when you stretch them .
This makes them similar to tissue found in the human body , so they may in the future be used to repair damaged heart walls , blood vessels and skin .
Read more ...
Struggling with your maths ? —
If you are , then you may be one of the 5 to 7 % of the population suffering from dyscalculia , the mathematical equivalent of dyslexia .
But unlike many dyslexia sufferers , you probably have n't received the help you need to cope with your condition .
As a recent article published in the journal Science points out , dyscalculia is the " poor relation " of dyslexia .
Read more ...
Biology 's next microscope , mathematics ' next physics —
It is thought that the next great advances in biology and medicine will be discovered with mathematics .
As biology stands on the brink of becoming a theoretical science Thomas Fink asks if there is more to this collaboration than maths acting as biology 's newest microscope ?
Will theoretical biology lead to new and exciting maths just as theoretical physics did in the last two centuries .
And is there a mathematically elegant story behind life ?
Read more ...
Wiring up brains —
The human brain faces a difficult trade - off .
On the one hand it needs to be complex to ensure high performance .
On the other hand it needs to minimise what you might call wiring cost — the sum of the length of all the connections — because communication over distance is metabolically expensive .
It 's a problem well - known to computer scientists .
And it seems that market - driven human invention and natural selection , faced with similar challenges , have come up with similar solutions .
Read more ...
You can also listen to our podcast exploring complexity in the brain .
Neuro - tweets : #hashtagging the brain —
The human brain faces a difficult trade - off .
On the one hand it needs to be complex to ensure high performance .
On the other hand it needs to minimise what you might call wiring cost — the sum of the length of all the connections — because communication over distance is metabolically expensive .
It 's a problem well - known to computer scientists .
And it seems that market - driven human invention and natural selection , faced with similar challenges , have come up with similar solutions .
Read more ...
Eat , drink and be merry : making it go down well —
When you swallow an aspirin or some yummy nutritious food , how can you be sure that the beneficial components are absorbed by your gut , rather than " shooting straight out " ?
This article dives into the rather smelly business of digesting food and how an application of chaos theory shows the best way to digest a medicinal drug .
Read more ...
Eat , drink and be merry : making sure it 's safe —
Food that 's not been cooked properly poses a major threat to public health : if it does n't go up to 100 degrees , some bugs will survive .
This article looks at some clever maths used to design microwave ovens for maximum safety .
Read more ...
Modelling cell suicide —
Shedding light on suicidal cells and a mathematical model that could help fight cancer .
Read more ...
Creating a virtual cancer —
Cancer is one of the major causes of death in the world ( particularly the developed world ) , with around 11 million people diagnosed and around 7 million people dying each year .
The World Health Organisation predicts that current trends show around 9 million will die in 2015 , with the number rising to 11.5 million in 2030 .
This news story from October 2009 reports on the work of mathematician Mark Chaplain and an interdisciplinary team at the University of Dundee to develop a virtual model of cancer growth and spread . .
Kelvin 's bubble burst again —
The Kelvin problem , posed by Lord Kelvin in 1887 , is to find an arrangement of cells , or bubbles , of equal volume , so that the surface area of the walls between them is as small as possible - in other words , to find the most efficient soap bubble foam .
A researcher from the University of Bath has tackled this old geometric problem with a new method , and this news story from September 2009 explains that this may lead to advances in creating hip replacements and replacement bone tissue for bone cancer patients .
Read more ...
Controlling cockroach chaos —
Catching sight of a cockroach tends to make us behave chaotically , what with the running and screaming and throwing of shoes .
But it appears that chaos might actually explain how we , and the cockroach itself , behave .
An interdisciplinary team of scientists from Germany have created a robotic cockroach that autonomously behaves in a way reminiscent of a real cockraoch .
Recreating lifelike behaviour is not new , but this robot reproduces a huge range of behaviours and quickly reacts to new situations and switches between them .
And the secret to its success is controlled chaos in its robotic brain .
Read more ...
Uncoiling the spiral : Maths and hallucinations —
Think drug - induced hallucinations , and the whirly , spirally , tunnel - vision - like patterns of psychedelic imagery immediately spring to mind .
But it 's not just hallucinogenic drugs that conjure up these geometric structures .
People have reported seeing them in near - death experiences , following sensory deprivation , or even just after applying pressure to the eyeballs .
So what can these patterns tell us about the structure of our brains ?
Read more ...
Baby robots feel the love —
Researchers have for the first time created robots that can develop and express emotions .
They are capable of expressing anger , fear , sadness , happiness , excitement and pride and will demonstrate very visible distress if you fail to give them comfort when they need it .
And they can even display different personality traits .
Read more ...
Through the looking - glass —
Some molecules - thalidomide , for example - come in both left and right handed versions , while others are indistinguishable from their reflections .
We find out about the role of mathematical symmetry in chemistry .
Read more ...
Chaos in the brain —
Saying that someone is a chaotic thinker might seem like an insult , but , aas this article shows , it could be that the mathematical phenomenon of chaos is a crucial part of what makes our brains work .
Read more ...
Trust me , I 've evolved —
Why are some people generous and others selfish ?
There 's no doubt that both strategies pay off under certain circumstances , but research ( as well as everyday experience ) shows that we are not mere opportunists — some people simply are nicer than others .
This raises a question which intrigues evolutionary psychologists : is there a selective force that works in favour of a wide range of personalities , preventing us from all evolving the same optimal character trait ?
Read more ...
Saving lives : the mathematics of tomography —
Not so long ago , if you had a medical complaint , doctors had to open you up to see what it was .
These days they have a range of sophisticated imaging techniques at their disposal , saving you the risk and pain of an operation .
This article looks at the maths that is n't only responsible for these medical techniques , but also for much of the digital revolution .
Read more ...
Classroom activity : the game of life —
One of the amazing things about life is its sheer complexity .
How can a bunch of mindless cells combine to form something as complex as the human brain , or as delicate , beautiful and highly organised as the patterns on a butterfly 's wing ?
Maths has some surprising answers you can explore yourself with this interactive activity .
Explore the game of life ...
Waldemar Kornewald on April 06 , 2010
Writing a non-relational Django backend
In our April 1st post we claimed to have a simplified backend API .
Well , this was n't true , of course , but yesterday it has become true .
The Django ORM is pretty complicated and it takes too much time for contributors to understand all the necessary details .
In order to make the process as easy as possible we 've implemented a backend template which provides a simple starting point for a new backend based on our simplified API .
It also contains sample code , so you can better understand what each function does .
All places where you have to make changes are marked with " # TODO : " comments .
Note , you 'll need djangotoolbox which provides the base classes for nonrel backends .
Let 's start with base.py .
You can use the DatabaseCreation class to define a custom data_types mapping from Django 's fields to your database types .
The types will later be passed to functions which you 'll have to implement to convert values from and to the DB ( convert_value_from_db ( ) and convert_value_to_db ( ) ) .
If the default values work for you just leave the class untouched .
Also , if you want to maintain a DB connection we 'd recommend storing it in DatabaseWrapper :
class DatabaseWrapper( NonrelDatabaseWrapper ) : def __init__( self , *args , ** kwds ) : super ( DatabaseWrapper , self ) .__init__(*args , ** kwds ) ... self.db_connection = connect ( self.settings_dict [ ' HOST ' ] , self.settings_dict [ ' PORT ' ] , self.settings_dict [ ' USER ' ] , self.settings_dict [ ' PASSWORD ' ] )
The real meat is in compiler .py .
Here , you have to define a Backend Query class which handles query creation and execution .
In the constructor you should create a low - level query instance for your connection .
Depending on your DB API this might be nothing more than a dict , but let 's say your DB provides a LowLevel Query class :
class BackendQuery ( NonrelQuery ) : def __init__ ( self , compiler , fields ) : super ( BackendQuery , self ) .__init__( compiler , fields ) self.db_query = LowLevelQuery(self.connection.db_connection )
Note , self .
connection is the DatabaseWrapper instance which is the high - level DB connection object in Django .
Then , you need to define a function that converts Django 's filters from Django 's internal query object ( SQLQuery , accessible via self.query ) to their counterparts for your DB .
This should be done in the add_filters ( ) function .
Since quite a few nonrel
DBs seem to only support AND queries we provide a default implementation which makes sure that there is no OR filter ( well , it has some logic for converting certain OR filters to AND filters ) .
It expects an add_filter ( ) function ( without the trailing " s " ) :
@safe_call def add_filter ( self , column , lookup_type , negated , db_type , value ) : # Emulated / converted lookups if column == self.query.get_meta( ).pk.column : column = ' _id ' if negated : try : op = NEGATION_MAP [ lookup_type ] except KeyError : raise DatabaseError ( " Lookup type %r can't be negated " % lookup_type ) else : try : op = OPERATORS_MAP [ lookup_type ] except KeyError : raise DatabaseError ( " Lookup type %r is n't supported " % lookup_type ) # Handle special - case lookup types if callable ( op ) : op , value = op ( lookup_type , value ) db_value = self.convert_value_for_db(db_type , value ) self.db_query.filter( column , op , db_value )
This is just an example implementation .
You do n't have to use the same code .
At first , we convert the primary key column to the DB 's internal reserved column for the primary key .
Then , we check if the filter should be negated or not and retrieve the respective DB comparison operator from a mapping like this :
OPERATORS_MAP = { ' exact ' : '=' , 'gt ' : '>' , ' gte ' : '>=' , # ... ' isnull ' : lambda lookup_type , value : ( ' = ' if value else '!=' , None ) , } NEGATION_MAP = { ' exact ' : '!=' , 'gt ' : '< =' , # ... ' isnull ' : lambda lookup_type , value : ( '!=' if value else '= ' , None ) , }
In our example implementation the operator can be a string or a callable that returns the comparison operator and a modified value .
Finally , in the last two lines of add_filter ( ) we convert the value to its low - level DB type and then add a filter to the low - level query object .
You might have noticed the @save_call decorator .
This is important .
It catches database exceptions and converts them to Django 's DatabaseError .
That decorator should be used for all your public API methods .
Just modify the sample implementation in compiler .py to match your DB 's needs .
Next , you have to define a fetch ( ) function for retrieving the results from the configured query :
@safe_call def fetch ( self , low_mark , high_mark ) : if high_mark is None : # Infinite fetching results = self.db_query.fetch_infinite(offset=low_mark ) elif high_mark > low_mark : # Range fetching results = self.db_query.fetch_range( high_mark - low_mark , low_mark ) else : results = ( ) for entity in results : entity[self.query.get_meta( ).pk.column ] = entity [ ' _id ' ] del entity [ ' _id ' ] yield entity
Here , low_mark and high_mark define the query range .
If high_mark is not defined you should allow for iterating through the whole result set .
At the end , we convert the internal primary key column , again , and return a dict representing the entity .
If your DB also supports only fetching specific columns you should get the requested fields from self .
fields ( field .column contains the column name ) .
All values in the resulting dict are automatically converted via SQLCompiler.convert_value_from_db( ) .
You have to implement that function ( the backend template contains a sample implementation ) .
That function gets a db_type parameter which is the type string as defined in your field type mapping in DatabaseCreation .
data_types .
We wo n't look at the whole API in this post .
There are additional functions for ordering , counting , and deleting the query results .
It 's pretty simple .
The API might later get extended with support for aggregates , but currently you 'll have to handle them at a lower level in your SQLCompiler implementation if your DB supports those features .
Another important function is called on Model.save ( ) :
class SQLInsertCompiler ( NonrelInsertCompiler , SQLCompiler ) : @safe_call def insert( self , data , return_id= False ) : pk_column = self.query.get_meta( ).pk.column if pk_column in data : data [ ' _id ' ] = data[ pk_column ] del data[ pk_column ] pk = save_entity ( self.connection.db_connection , self.query.get_meta( ) .db_table , data ) return pk
Again , data is a dict because that maps naturally to nonrel DBs.
Note , before insert ( ) is called , all values are automatically converted via SQLCompiler.convert_value_for_db( ) ( which you have to implement , too ) , so you do n't have to deal with value conversions in that function .
I hope this gives you enough information to get started with a new backend .
Please spread the word , so we can find backend contributors for all non-relational DBs .
Django 1.3 development is getting closer and in order to get officially integrated into Django we have to prove that it 's possible to use Django - nonrel with a wide variety of NoSQL DBs .
Please comment on the API .
Should we improve anything ?
Is it flexible and easy enough ?
In the wake of the “ Bondage - gate ” scandal , in which the Republican National Committee paid for wealthy young GOP donors to attend a lesbian - themed Hollywood night club , attention is turning to the National Republican Congressional Committee ’s own use of Las Vegas burlesque clubs to hold its fundraisers .
“ We do a Las Vegas fundraiser every year , ” NRCC Chairman Pete Sessions ( R - AL ) told a National Public Radio interviewer in July 2008 .
But when the interviewer described Forty Deuce , the venue for the most recent event , as a strip club , Sessions demurred .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ I ’ve never seen that , ” he insisted .
“ It is what I would call a burlesque show where there ’s a woman who comes out and has a dress on …
Uh , she never gets naked .
There ’s no nudity . ”
Washington Post gossip columnist Mary Ann Akers quickly picked up on Sessions ’ admission .
“ We had never heard of a member of Congress holding a fundraiser at a Las Vegas burlesque nightclub … until now , ” she wrote .
“ And the culprit is card - carrying conservative Rep. Pete Sessions ( R - Tex . ) .
The same Pete Sessions who scolded Janet Jackson and Justin Timberlake for forcing ‘ their liberal values upon the rest of the country ’ after their infamous 2004 Super Bowl halftime striptease . ”
Sessions does appear to have been correct about the lack of nudity .
According to the same NPR interview , the women at the club are dancers , not strippers , and they never disrobe further than their underwear .
But the burlesque show still appears to fall somewhat short of Republican family values .
“ It ’s probably a good thing that Sessions was given his ‘ true blue ’ award from the Christian conservative Family Research Council and Focus on the Family organizations before holding his burlesque fundraiser , ” Akers concluded .
In February 2009 , Sessions held another NRCC fundraiser , this one at a club called the Tao . which Akers described as “ a racy venue in Las Vegas whose Web site features come - hither looking women scantily clad in lingerie slithering all over each other . ”
A spokesman for the Democratic counterpart of the NRCC reacted at the time by criticizing the NRCC for being more eager to “ party at Las Vegas night clubs … than offer real solutions to the serious economic challenges facing our country . ”
The NRCC , in turn , hit back by accusing Nancy Pelosi of running up “ trillions in mounting debt . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Now , though , it appears that the issue of Sessions ’ fundraisers may be able to gain some traction — or at least the Lone Star Project hopes so .
The Texas - based group , which declares on its website that it is not affiliated with the Democratic Party , has been digging out dirt on Republican leaders since 2005 .
It began by focusing on Tom DeLay but has also drawn attemtion to Pete Sessions ’ ties to Jack Abramoff , particularly his “ activities on behalf of the government of Malaysia ” at a time when Abramoff and his associates were extensively involved in lobbying on behalf of that government .
Now the Lone Star Project appears determined to make an issue of the fundraisers , and in the video below , it contrasts the anger of some Republican leaders over Bondage - gate with their complete silence when it comes to Sessions ’ far more successful fundraisers .
Right wing expected to win election in Hungary this weekend
By Markus Salzmann
10 April 2010
Federal elections take place in Hungary this weekend for the sixth time since the full reintroduction of the capitalist free market in 1990 .
Opinion polls have repeatedly forecast a landslide victory for the largest opposition party , the right - wing conservative Federation of Young Democrats ( Fidesz ) .
The neo fascist Party for a Better Hungary ( Jobbik ) may well take second place .
According to polls Fidesz might achieve a two - thirds majority for the first time by any party since 1990 .
Sure of victory , the chairman and leading candidate of the Young Democrats , Victor Orban , has rejected any participation in public discussions and arrogantly declared his intention to govern for a period of 15 to 20 years .
Orban and his party did not even bother drawing up an election program .
In 2002 Orban was voted out of office after just four years in power .
At that time commentators were skeptical about his political fortunes .
However , in the course of the succeeding eight years , Orban 's successors in the ex-Stalinist Socialist Party ( MSPZ ) made themselves so unpopular that the right wing can now hope to take power with a commanding majority .
In 1990 the Young Democrats posed as pioneers for democracy against the former totalitarian system .
In the course of the 1990's , however , Fidesz increasingly adopted an aggressive Hungarian nationalist stance aimed at recouping those areas of land lost by Hungary in 1920 as a result of the disintegration of the Austro - Hungarian Empire in WWI .
In 1998 Orban became head of government and implemented a series of major welfare cuts and privatizations .
In response the electorate voted him out of his post in 2002 , to be replaced by a Socialist Party candidate .
Since then Fidesz has shifted further to the right .
Orban adopted a policy of confrontation as leader of the opposition , aiming to block the government and discredit the parliament .
As opposition leader he virtually ignored parliamentary sittings .
He is alleged to admire the right wing Italian Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi and the head of the authoritarian regime of Miklós Horty that controlled Hungary from 1920 to 1944 .
A number of high - ranking representatives of Fidesz have openly endorsed authoritarian conceptions of government .
According to the organization 's vice chairman , Istvan Mikola , government ’s central task is to contain “ the unlimited urge for freedom on the part of the individual ” .
Orban is even more explicit .
“ The republic is merely a garment bedecking the nation ” he declared , and suggested that it was possible to contemplate very different systems of government , including dictatorship .
Fidesz has adopted positions that a few years ago were the reserve of fascist groupings , such as the demand for the return of Transylvania from Romania to Hungary .
Mikola declared that a future Fidesz government would remain in power for at least twenty years if it awarded citizenship to Hungarians living abroad who , he claimed , would then repeatedly vote for the party out of gratitude .
Fidesz representatives often refer to political opponents as gypsies or Jews .
Full responsibility for Orban ’s domination of Hungarian politics rests with the Socialist Party , the successor party to the former Stalinist ruling party .
Under its first chairman Gyula Horn , who came to prominence through his role in symbolically breaking through the “ iron curtain ” at the Hungarian - Austrian border in 1990 , the MSZP played a major role in opening up the country to the capitalist free market .
During the so - called “ wild privatizations ” of the 1990's the former Stalinist cadres transformed themselves into free market radicals .
They used their old contacts to take over ownership of industries and sold them off to western investors .
In so doing they were able to make large fortunes .
In 1994 the country 's right - wing government was voted out to be replaced by a coalition of the Socialist Party and the Free Democrats ( SZDSZ ) .
During this period tens of thousands lost their jobs in the course of the restructuring of the Hungarian economy .
The Socialists then began to make drastic cuts in the country 's social welfare system .
In 2002 a series of scandals and internal party conflicts brought down Socialist Party leader and former intelligence service agent Peter Medgyessy .
The “ socialists ” then replaced Medgyessy with business magnate Ferenc Gyurcsany , Hungary 's richest individual .
In preparation for membership of the European Union , Gyurcsany radically reorganized the state budget and the last remaining public enterprises were privatised .
Upon entering the European Union , prices for food and energy exploded , while wages stagnated .
It was only because Fidesz was so discredited that the MSZP was able once again to win the elections in 2006 .
The resignation of the hated Gyurcsany and his replacement by Bajnai ushered in a new round of attacks on the population .
As the effects of the economic crisis spread , the government implemented wage cuts , tax increases and further cuts in social welfare systems in accordance with the demands made by the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) and the EU in Brussels .
National bankruptcy was only avoided at the beginning of the year by international credits .
Social conditions are dire .
The education system ranks as one of the worst in Europe , according to statistics drawn up by the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development ( OECD ) .
Those growing up in poverty have virtually no opportunities for advancement .
Seven percent of the population lives permanently in profound poverty , and a much larger percentage falls under the poverty line or is in danger of poverty .
The average pension is just 230 euros per month .
Hungary 's level of employment for all those between 15 and 65 years is among the lowest in Europe while labor costs average seven euros per hour , i.e. one quarter of the level in neighboring Austria .
The life expectancy of the Hungarian population is eight years below the West European average .
According to official estimates , the “ informal ” economy constitutes 20 to 30 percent of gross domestic product .
The situation for the country 's Roma minority is even more dramatic .
Their life expectancy is around ten years lower than the average in Hungary .
In many regions 90 percent of Roma are unemployed .
These appalling social conditions have been exploited by the ultra right Jobbik , which is expected to poll at a level similar to the MSZP .
The growth of the right - wing extremists must be seen in connection with the impoverishment that has taken place since 1989 and the treacherous role played by the ex-Stalinists .
The political scientist Zoltan Kizsely explained to Deutschlandradio Kultur : “ Jobbik says simply : Twenty years for the last twenty years .
Thus who were responsible in the last twenty years , no matter whether in opposition or in government , should receive twenty years detention or hard labor .
Because people think : they have stolen to get rich while we remained poor . ”
Jobbik is the political arm of the “ Hungarian Guard , ” a paramilitary organization , which openly agitates against and attacks Jews , Roma , gays and other minorities .
Supporters of Jobbik or similar outfits are suspected of responsibility for a wave of murders of Roma .
In February of last year a Roma man and his four - year - old son were shot dead in cold blood as they attempted to flee their burning house , set on fire by arsonists .
The police , 30 percent of whom are members of a trade union with links to Jobbik , has predictably failed to move against the organisation .
Jobbik and the Hungarian Guard have been systematically supported by the right - wing Fidesz .
During the numerous demonstrations against the country ’s “ socialist ” government , Fidesz used its extensive party apparatus to mobilize participants and then handed over the microphone at rallies to the neo-fascists .
High - ranking functionaries of Fidesz and the church were present at the founding of the Hungarian Guard .
Fidesz already works together with Jobbik in over 160 local councils and municipalities and this collaboration is expected to increase after the election .
Jobbik profits from the fact that the entire Hungarian political establishment supports the pro-capitalist austerity measures that have impoverished millions .
It seeks to absorb and confuse opposition to these policies through social demagogy and racists slogans .
The success of Orban ’s Fidesz and the neo - fascist Jobbik ultimately depend on the absence of an independent , socialist movement of workers .
The deep revolutionary traditions of the Hungarian working class must be revived and joined up with the struggles of workers throughout Europe and the world .
Workers and youth interested in this perspective should contact the World Socialist Web Site .
It 's all about expectation management , you see .
If you make your kid think he can be president , he will grow up disappointed .
Tell him he 's headed for a life as an office drone and at least he 'll be mentally prepared .
Advertisement
For a mere $ 2,500 , daddy 's little office drone gets all of this :
Furniture features : * Flat desk area
* Left and Right built - in mouse pads
* Bench seat that fits two children and offers storage inside for supplies
* Two locking cabinet doors
* Computer wiring stores safely inside ventilated cabinet .
* Locking castors keep unit from rolling during use .
Computer equipment features : * Think Centre PC
* Internal DVD-ROM
* 1GB RAM ( minimum )
* 160 GB Hard Drive ( minimum )
* 10/100 Ethernet
* Microsoft® Windows
* Sound Card and 2 External Speakers
* Surge protector
* 19 " Widescreen Flat Panel LCD Monitor
* Custom Little Tikes Learning keyboard and Tiny Mouse ( colors are subject to change without notice ) Computer Warranty : 1 - year parts and labor .
Pre-loaded educational software : * Millie's Math House®
* Sammy's Science House®
* Bailey 's Book House®
* Trudy 's Time and Place ®
* Thinkin '
Things ®
Advertisement
Boy , I really missed out on these 21st century toys when I was a kid !
[ Young Explorer via Dvice ]
We met with Dan Forster and Bill Donnelly of Sapphire fame and got introduced to new products .
It seems GeForce GTX 480 will have one tough battle on its hands , as Sapphire preps “ HD5990 ” .
In our opinion , Sapphire ’s “ HD5990 ” has everything an enthusiast might want – for the non-scalable titles ; Sapphire ’s HD5970 OC will perform as a HD 5870 until AMD gets the drivers right , rather than suffering HD 5850 performance .
HD5990 is the dream of every enthusiast
With this board , you get what you do n’t get with a regular one ; custom tailored eight - heatpipe heatsink by Arctic Cooling will keep the board more cooler than the standard ATI heatsink , yet it supports higher clocks .
The clocks on this “ HD5990 ” are 850 MHz [ realistically , 853 MHz ] and 1200 MHz QDR for the 4GB of GDDR5 memory .
Grand total bandwidth of the board is 307.2 GB /s – just like the Ares we described earlier .
However , unlike ASUS HD 5970 Ares , Sapphire did n’t physically enlarge the product – so the PCB is of standard height and should have no clearance issues even in narrow cases .
If you can fit an HD5970 , you can fit this board .
The only noticeable change from the standard stock HD5970 is the fact that Sapphire built their own PCB and placed two 8 - pin power connectors .
That ’s right , this puppy can eat 375W of juice – Dan told us that there is even overclocking headroom , as these parts actually consume around the same amount of power as two separate 5870’s .
We do n’t think that 15 - 20 Watts of extra power will give you any major GPU clock jumps as you ’re pushing the term as it is .
However , you should be able to significantly overclock the video memory , just like AMD told us in HD5970 pre-launch briefing .
As we mentioned that this board comes with 4GB of GDDR5 memory , there is a situation with 32 - bit operating systems .
In real world , this board should be used only with 64 - bit operating system but unlike nVidia ’s products , you should not have major issues on 32 - bit operating systems .
Then again , I would say that something ’s wrong with you if you decided to pay a price premium over HD5970 and install a 32 - bit operating system to play minecraft or emulate slot machines from the ’ 80s 😉
Officially , this product will be named just as every other overclocked Radeon HD 5970 but in reality , we ’re talking about “ HD5990 ” , AMD ’s double whammy to respond to nVidia ’s GeForce GTX 480 .
Given that we managed to learn partner allocations for GTX 470 and GTX 480 , it is not surprising to see AMD lifting the lid on the overclocked parts .
According to our information , partners plan to compete against nVidia on 1:1 ratio between overclocked 5970 boards and GTX 480 , which is a pretty interesting plan .
Gotta love the competition , right ?
Original Author : Theo Valich
The next presidential election is more than two years away , but healthcare reform is already causing problems for one presumed candidate – and it's not President Obama .
Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , a Republican , is trying to distance himself from the state healthcare reform overhaul that he signed in 2006 .
The Massachusetts bill included elements such as the individual mandate – that is , requiring people to buy insurance – which is also in the federal plan and is deeply unpopular among conservatives .
Mr. Obama has emphasized the similarities between the Massachusetts healthcare bill and his new national healthcare plan , partly to appear less radical and more bipartisan himself .
In doing so , he has also made problems for Mr. Romney .
“ When you actually look at the [ federal ] bill itself , it incorporates all sorts of Republican ideas , " said Obama on the " Today Show " Tuesday .
" I mean , a lot of commentators have said , ' You know , this is sort of similar to the bill that Mitt Romney passed in Massachusetts . ' ”
The federal law is opposed by 8 of 10 Republicans , according to a recent CBS poll .
“ The healthcare debate presents big problems for Romney , " says Julian Zelizer , a political scientist at Princeton University in New Jersey .
It " will be a big issue for Republicans in 2012 , and Romney is not well - positioned to lead the Republican charge against Obama . "
Romney has worked hard to emphasize the differences between the two healthcare bills .
Last week , Romney penned a letter in National Review in which he said , “ America has just witnessed an unconscionable abuse of power .
President Obama has betrayed his oath to the nation – rather than bringing us together , ushering in a new kind of politics . ”
But Jonathan Gruber , an MIT economist who advised both Obama and Romney on health - insurance programs , told the Boston Globe that Romney ’s healthcare reform effort as governor paved the way for national reform .
" [ Romney ] is in many ways the intellectual father of national health reform , " he said .
To be sure , that comment will not be on Romney 's fundraising letter .
“ It is ironic , ” says Mr. Zelizer , “ that Romney ’s biggest accomplishment as governor would be his biggest liability as a candidate . ”
“ Reopening of the South Fork Bridge after flood in Nov. 1940 . 1941 ( ? ) ”
It ’s the short description for the photograph shown at the virtual Bralorne Pioneer Museum , from British Columbia , Canada .
The image can be seen specifically on this page ( scroll down to the middle ) , among other items of the online exhibit .
Did you notice anything out of place ?
Or perhaps , out of time ?
The man with what appears to be very modern sunglasses seems to be wearing a stamped T - shirt with a nice sweater , all the while holding a portable compact camera !
Internet people reached to the obvious conclusion : it ’s a time traveller caught on camera on 1940 !
Finally , we have proof !
If the story seems straight out of a movie and the photo is in itself a great funny find , the most amusing thing i came up with while looking into this – as an Internet person , on the Internet – was the reply for a skeptical , or perhaps somewhat cynical comment on how spurious it would seem the idea that a time traveler would want to visit the reopening of a bridge in some small town in Canada .
Read this on Doc Brown ’s voice : “ Of course , because we know nothing happened there right ?
But if we are considering time travel , how can we know if in some other timeline something historical happened right there ? ”
Indeed !
Once you consider time travel , everything changes .
But before writing Hollywood scripts , let ’s get back to reality and ask again : is the photo evidence of a time traveller ?
The source
As noted , the image is indeed available through the official website for Canada ’s museums .
It was part of the exhibit “ Their Past Lives Here ” from Bralorne - Pioneer , available to the public since 2004 .
It was put online since February this year , perhaps before that .
And the peculiar “ time traveller ” image was only noted as such in the end of March , when it was linked on main websites such as Above Top Secret and FARK .
Given the source , we would assume the photo is authentic , and correctly dated to c.1940 .
Indeed , an Error Level Analysis suggests the image was not digitally tampered with , or at least that if it was , the author was smart enough to normalize the error across the whole thing .
It ’s a good job , if it was a job .
And again , given the source , we would assume it was not a job .
So , how do we explain the man out of time ?
Not quite out of time
As members of the ATS , like “ Outkast Searcher ” , diligently noted , despite looking very modern the man ’s outfit and even glasses and camera could be found in the 1940s .
Below , similar sunglasses used by actress Barbara Stanwyck on the movie “ Double Indemnity ” ( 1944 ) :
The outfit could also be found 70 years ago .
Being used as we are to our contemporary fashion , we look at the man and assume he ’s wearing a stamped T - shirt , something that would be indeed out of place ( or time ) .
But if you look carefully , you can see that he ’s actually wearing ( or could as well be wearing ) a sweatshirt .
And sweatshirts with bordered emblems were not uncommon in the 1940s – in fact you can find those in other photos from the same exhibit .
The sweater he also uses seems to be hand knitted , with buttons on the front .
Something that was definitely available at the time , if he had some kind grandma perhaps .
Finally , despite some comments about the camera lens being too big for the time , too compact , it looks like a Kodak Folding Pocket model , available since the beginning of the 20th century .
That is : even taking this photo for granted , as depicting an authentic scene , a real man with his curious glasses and outfit in Canada 70 years ago , there ’s nothing that can be seen that is actually out of place or time .
He looks different from other people , but it has already been suggested that he ’s using welding goggles and a glove .
This is not much of a proof of time travel , and more like evidence of the cyclic nature of fashion .
These days , even a beggar can be mistaken for a trendy fashion model .
Keep reading for more into this and other time travel stories .
Not quite new
Despite being an awesome photo and story , the Canadian time traveller is not the first on the genre .
One of the most famous Internet stories deals with Andrew Carlssin , a man from the year 2256 who appeared in Wall Street on 2003 .
It was published as a news item on Yahoo ! , but few people noticed it was in the Entertainment section and that the source was the Weekly World News .
In case you have n’t checked the WWN , you should do it now .
There ’s also the story of John Titor , an elaborate story where a time traveller joined several online discussion forums !
On the Internet , nobody knows you ’re a dog , but if you tell elaborate stories about being a time traveller , you may just create an enduring digital myth .
Alas , time itself took care of disproving all of John Titor ’s stories about the future .
Or perhaps that ’s a nice thing , since the future Titor invented was pretty gloom .
And some years ago , the photo of a man with a Mohawk hairstyle at a festival before the punk movement made the style popular was also reason for buzz .
I remember seeing it on BoingBoing , but now I can’t find it !
Was it erased by the time travellers ?
Will I forget about it soon ?
In any event , I also remember that people quickly pointed out that although the hairstyle was popularized by punks , it was not unseen before that , dating even from before the Mohawk tribe .
Time travel is an amazing idea , but so far it ’s all speculation , fiction , hoax and misunderstandings .
Case closed ?
As a matter of fact , no !
Despite being clear that the image , even if authentic , would not be evidence of an out of time man , it ’s still possible it could be a hoax .
After all , photoshop jobs mixing modern figures in old photos are not that complex .
A series that has been popular the past few weeks placed contemporary super - heroes in historical photos :
Is it possible that an elaborate hoax could have included a manipulated photograph among the items of a museum exhibit , only to have it put online and finally exposed as “ time travel proof ” later ?
Well , it would be quite an elaborate hoax , but it is possible .
Let ’s look again at the photo .
Pay attention to the right arm of the “ time traveller ” : you may realize that the arm actually belongs to the man right behind him .
Why would another man ’s arm be in that position ?
Is there even space for such a large , tall “ time traveller ” to stand in there ?
These could be indications that the man was inserted into the image without much care for perspective .
Or perhaps it ’s just an unusual perspective , and the arm from the man behind just looks like it ’s over the “ time traveller ” , even touching the camera ?
Or could the arm actually belong to the hipster traveller ?
I do n’t know .
If this is a digital hoax , why would the hoaxer insert a man that seems out of place , but not actually using anything that could n’t be found in the 1940s ?
The camera is definitely old .
What looks like a stamped T - shirt is a sweatshirt with emblem .
Why not have him use something definitely out of time , like the logo for a company that would n’t be created until decades later , such as NIKE or even Microsoft ?
It would even make an amazing viral marketing for any company that managed to get buzz from this .
Why not ?
I do n’t know .
Once again , it must be clear that even if this photograph is authentic , even if it depicts a real scene from 1940 , it would not be the proof of time travel .
Alas .
Also , I tend to assume that given the source , the photo is indeed authentic , not tampered with .
But that arm , it does look strange .
I ’m not sure .
I do n’t know .
I tried to send an email to the Bralorne Pioneer museum , but the address was not valid .
I ’m still trying to find ( an easy ) way to contact it .
If you manage to get an official response from them , do share it .
If you discover anything else , do share it .
This is an adorable little “ mystery ” .
If I find anything of relevance , including flying Deloreans , I will update this page .
[ hattip to Aurélio Moraes , obrigado ! ]
Popularity : 100 % [ ?]
Posted in Fortean
Yesterday , a judge in New York issued a sweeping decision that , if upheld following a seemingly inevitable appeal , may put most gene patents on shaky ground .
The ACLU , various researchers , and medical advocacy groups had sued Myriad genetics and the University of Utah , which held patents that covered tests for mutations in the BRCA genes , which predispose their carriers to breast and ovarian cancers ( the US Patent and Trademark Office was also sued , for good measure ) .
Just about everyone involved requested summary judgement , and the ruling grants it in favor of the plaintiffs , invalidating Myriad 's patents in the process .
Summary judgment requires that there be little dispute over the basic facts of the matter .
And , not surprisingly , all of the parties agree on the history of modern genetics , which the decision recites , starting with Mendel and moving through Watson and Crick to the biotechnology era .
The are a number of disputed issues , however , mostly focused on whether gene patents are a public good .
The plaintiffs argue that Myriad 's patents block the option of second opinions , while Myriad points out that it has licensed the patents to other groups .
The two sides disagree about whether gene patents foster research , with Myriad arguing that the lure of profits does , while the plaintiffs suggest that the fear of running afoul of intellectual property ends up intimidating researchers .
To a large extent , however , the judge in this case , Robert Sweet , has indicated that the public good disputes are n't central to the decision , which largely hinges on the facts that are n't disputed .
Precedent indicates that laws of nature or natural substances can't be patented , although significant transformations to natural products can lead to a patentable process or product .
The USPTO grants patents to isolated DNA based on the conclusion that they are " distinctly different in character " from the DNA that is present in human cells .
The court has chosen to essentially reanalyze the USPTO 's decision in that regard , noting that it sees no reason to defer to the organization , given that roughly 40 percent of the patents challenged in court are ruled to be invalid .
To do so , it divides Myriad 's patents into two features : the patent on the genes themselves , and the analysis process by which an individual 's genes are scanned for potential mutations .
DNA as an information carrier
Sweet 's analysis of the former focuses heavily on a Supreme Court decision called Funk Brothers , in which the court overturned a patent that was granted to a specific mix of bacterial species that does n't occur naturally .
In contrast , a single species of naturally occurring bacteria that was transformed with a combination of genes that do n't occur naturally was ruled patentable , because the addition of foreign DNA was transformative .
So , the question becomes one of whether the isolation of the BRCA genes as part of the genetic test involves some sort of transformative process .
It does n't , according to Sweet , but he uses a very novel bit of reasoning to get there .
Chemically , he notes , DNA is rather inert , and the process of testing performed by Myriad does n't really rely on any chemical properties that are distinct to the BRCA genes .
( It does rely on chemical behaviors , like base pairing , as part of procedures like PCR , but those properties are common to all DNA molecules . )
Instead , the BRCA patents rely on the second aspect of what the decision terms the " dual nature " of DNA : its role as a carrier of information .
To draw an analogy , the chemical nature of DNA can be thought of as akin to the magnetic nature of the surface of a hard disk .
The patent does n't deal with that aspect ; instead , it deals with the information encoded by the DNA / disk .
Sweet considers both biology and the patents themselves to reach this conclusion .
For example , there 's what 's termed a pseudogene copy of one of the BRCA genes , which has inactivating mutations in it , and no longer produces any protein .
Nevertheless , chemically , large stretches of the pseudogene are identical to the active form — it 's only the complete informational context that distinguishes the two .
Myriad 's patents also regularly switch among different versions of the genes — the full genomic sequence , the processed RNA transcript , even small fragments of the gene — suggesting , in Sweet 's view , that it 's the informational context that matters .
From this perspective , it 's clear that Myriad does n't rely on anything that transforms the BRCA genes — it 's simply relying on their sequence as generated by evolution .
It does isolate the DNA from cells , but that 's not transformative , and simply involves " techniques well known to those skilled in the art . "
So , that aspect of the patents fails the test of precedent as defined in Funk Brothers .
Sequence comparisons and the scientific method
The decision then turns to the other aspect of the patents , the process of comparing the sequences obtained to determine whether they contain mutations that might predispose their carriers to cancer .
Myriad claimed that the Prometheus decision applies to its patents ; this indicated that a common lab technique for isolating chemicals from blood was sufficiently transformative that the process of analyzing the levels of those chemicals could be patented .
Purifying DNA from cells , then , is a similarly transformative step during the process of DNA analysis .
Unfortunately , the patents themselves do n't include a description of the process of isolating the DNA for sequencing .
As such , obtaining the sequences is a generic data - gathering process , and not central to Myriad 's claims .
Prometheus does n't apply as precedent , and the patent is invalid .
Sweet was n't done with Myriad yet .
The patents also covered a process by which BRCA mutations could be engineered into a cell line , and chemicals tested for therapeutic activity .
Again , this is a fairly generic lab technique , and the ruling is very dismissive , stating , " this claimed ' process ' is , in fact , the scientific method itself . "
About the only defendant that comes out well is the USPTO , which was sued on constitutional grounds , under the claim that it stifled free speech by granting a patent that restricted discussions of diagnostic information to licensees of Myriad 's patents .
Since the patents are invalid , the court could avoid considering constitutional issues , so it did .
The state of biotech patents
Although this ruling is sweeping , there are certainly grounds for appeal .
The decision also cites the Bilski case , which is currently before the Supreme Court ; depending on the court 's ruling , some of the reasoning may end up being invalid .
Nevertheless , it 's difficult not to be intrigued by the court 's reasoning here , namely that it 's the information content of a gene that 's valuable , and that information is a strict product of nature , and can't be patented .
That would seem to put most gene patents ( which cover roughly 20 percent of the human gene complement ) at risk , and the logic clearly is not limited to patents on human genes .
It might be possible to use the Prometheus decision as a guide to write narrower patents that would work around this ruling , but this would seem to require narrower , more focused genetic tests , ones that would n't block diagnoses based on different technologies , like the impending arrival of cheap whole - genome sequencing .
It 's also difficult not to be reminded of the concluding paragraph of our coverage of last week 's Appeals Court decision of another biotech patent .
In both cases , the patents appeared to cover processes that are fundamental to biological research ; in both cases they were struck down .
These decisions can be seen as an indication that biotech is now sufficiently mainstream that doing what 's obvious to biologists is no longer considered sufficiently inventive by the courts to warrant patent protection .
A copy of the decision is being hosted by the Genomics Law Report , which has extensive analysis of it .
This BBC News series focuses on aspects of life in countries and cities around the world .
What may seem ordinary and familiar to the people who live there can be surprising to those who do not .
The tradition of painting trucks in Pakistan is long and colourful .
It started out as a way for truck drivers to take reminders of home with them on long journeys , and over the years drivers have used everything from wood , metal , jangling chains , shiny objects and even 3D creations to decorate their trucks .
Pakistan correspondent Aleem Maqbool soon discovered the more elaborate and vibrant the better .
The programs that make up the largest share of the federal budget are typically the ones that the fewest people want to cut ....
As you move downward , into categories of spending that are increasingly popular , you get to the largest federal programs , particularly entitlement spending .
Really , there is only one area of federal spending national defense that is sizable and that even a modest fraction ( 22 % ) is willing to cut .
I recently expressed a lack of surprise that Internet Explorer 9 will almost certainly not be supported on Windows XP .
In Redmond 's words , a " modern browser " needs a " modern operating system , " and Windows XP does n't qualify .
Much to my surprise ( well , not really , I know that XP is still used and , apparently , loved by many ) , many doubted my characterization of XP as " obsolete , " and they questioned my lack of surprise at this decision .
Simple things first .
Windows XP is not a new operating system .
Windows XP was released in 2001 , and it has been succeeded by not one , but two newer operating systems : Windows Vista , and Windows 7 .
The other major desktop platform vendor — Apple — does n't even begin to support anything that old , and the company routinely restricts its software compatibility to only the most recent version or two of its operating system .
Now , it 's true that software is not like physical goods ; while the ravages of time may make hardware break down , Windows XP works as well today as it did when it was new .
Better , if you consider the extensive capabilities added in Service Packs and free downloads .
But the computing world does not stand still ; working as well as it did when it was new means that Windows XP has n't kept up with computing 's advances .
The next generation of hard disks ( or indeed , current generation , for Western Digital users ) , for example , are at risk of suffering severe performance penalties on XP systems .
To get the best from the technology that for many has replaced spinning disks — the solid state drive — requires support for the TRIM command , found natively only in Windows 7 .
XP similarly lacks any built - in support for Blu-ray discs .
But what of Web browsers ?
A Web browser does n't much care about , say , disk technology , so although it 's undoubtable that XP requires more effort to use on modern hardware , this alone should n't be a reason for a Web browser to skip the platform .
Do Windows Vista and Windows 7 offer capabilities that XP lacks that are relevant to IE9 ?
I think a pretty compelling case can be made that yes , in fact , they do .
IP v6 is — fingers crossed — a technology that will become far more prevalent in the coming years , as the IP v4 address space finally starts to run out .
XP does support IP v6 in a limited way , but it can only be configured using arcane command - line syntax .
Windows Vista added GUI configuration and made IPv6 a first - class citizen on the network , and Windows 7 rounds out IP v6 support by including support for ancilary technology such as DHCPv6 .
XP is simply ill - prepared for an IP v6 world .
Web browser security is a problem
Web browser security is a notorious problem , as the recent pwn2own event has once again demonstrated .
Windows Vista and Windows 7 have much greater systematic protections against security flaws than Windows XP does .
The Address Space Layout Randomization feature makes existing flaws harder to exploit by making systems less predictable to attackers .
This protection is not perfect , and there are indeed techniques that allow its circumvention , but every obstacle makes would - be hackers ' jobs harder .
The protection ASLR offers is also boosted by the use of a 64 - bit operating system , another area where XP falls behind ( 64 - bit XP is a bastard hybrid of Windows XP and Windows Server 2003 , with the result that much 64 - bit software that works properly on Vista and 7 fails to work properly or at all on XP 64 ) .
More substantial protection is provided by the Mandatory Integrity Control feature of the two modern OSes .
By marking a process as " Low Integrity , " Windows prevents that process from being able to write to the majority of the hard disk and registry .
The result is that even if the Web browser is compromised , the attacker is greatly restricted .
Though an attacker can read most data ( though this too can be restricted ) , he can't install rootkits , trojans , spyware , or anything else , because he cannot write to the parts of the file system required to do this .
Importantly , this protection has no real means of circumvention .
Features like ASLR ( and DEP , which is found in XP ) are designed to make hackers ' jobs harder , but do not erect any hard , kernel - enforced barriers , which is why , with skill , they can be bypassed .
MIC erects a much harder barrier ; to bypass MIC a hacker would have to find and use an exploit that allowed a process to elevate its privileges to strip itself of the " Low Integrity " label .
If the attacker cannot do this , then he is forever trapped in the Low Integrity sandbox , unable to install his malicious software .
Privilege escalation vulnerabilities — software flaws that trick the kernel into giving a process more rights than it should have — do exist , so even MIC is no panacea .
But they 're substantially rarer than common browser flaws , and they are more likely to be fixed more quickly , because of their scope .
Most important is that they can be fixed — they 're a result of bugs in the kernel .
DEP and ASLR can't be fixed as such ; the circumvention mechanisms are to an extent inevitable .
The browser itself is a problem
The track record of Web browsers is pretty lousy .
Actually , it 's not just Web browsers ; the track record of computer software is pretty lousy .
Bugs are absolutely rife .
But Web browsers are particularly important here , because Web browsers are exposed to potentially hostile code all day long .
An exploitable bug in my MP3 player or word processor is bad , sure — it 's something that I would prefer not to be there — but with these programs the main thing I 'm going to use is my own MP3s and documents that I ( or my colleagues ) have written .
And these files are going to be harmless .
But the main thing I do in my browser , practically the only thing I do , is to look at webpages that were put up by other people .
Other people who may or may not have good intentions ; people who may or may not secure their servers properly , audit their code , or virus - scan their machines .
The result is that my Web browser is exposed to potentially hostile code like no other program on my PC .
My e-mail client comes in second , and it's a distant second ; even when I get hundreds of e-mails a day , most of these are from colleagues rather than spammers / phishers / other miscreants and ne'er - do - wells .
As such , isolating the browser with MIC is n't just something that 's a good idea — it 's something that you would have to have a really good reason not to do .
And frankly , no such reason exists .
The Web is unfortunately a dangerous place .
Of the big five , only two browsers currently use this protection on Windows ; Internet Explorer ( 7 and 8 ) , and Chrome .
For this reason alone , I 'd be hesitant to use Safari , Opera , or Firefox .
Their security track record is n't really any better than Microsoft's , and the consequent exploitability of these browsers is much greater .
This advantage is not one that is merely hypothetical , either .
In common with other vendors , Microsoft assigns a risk rating to every security flaw , and Internet Explorer flaws on Windows Vista and Windows 7 have quite consistently had lower risk ratings than those same flaws on Windows XP .
Why ?
Because the flaws are greatly restricted by the MIC barrier .
Microsoft might be biased , but there are security researchers who concur ; Charlie Miller , so successful at pwn2own , regards Chrome and IE 8 on Windows 7 as arguably the safest Web browsing platform .
It 's no coincidence that these are the browsers that use MIC sandboxing .
The protection works .
Windows XP supports none of this protection , nor will it ever .
Denying XP users access to its latest and greatest browser is n't a bad thing : Windows XP users should be strongly discouraged from using their machines in any hostile environment .
Far from saying that IE9 should be supported on XP , we should be demanding that the other three browsers start supporting these security features and dropping XP support , too .
These really are features that everybody should be using .
Graphically speaking
The biggest single reason for dropping XP is not , however , security ; it 's graphics .
Internet Explorer 9 already boasts high - performance , hardware - accelerated graphical capabilities .
In particular , Microsoft has shown off IE9's SVG capabilities .
( SVG is a W3C standard that enables vector graphics to be embedded into webpages . )
These graphics can be manipulated using JavaScript , opening up a whole new world of possibilities for standards - compliant webpages — widespread support for SVG might very well allow standard pages to start doing the kinds of tasks that hitherto have required plugins like Flash or Silverlight to accomplish .
SVG support is found in a number of other browsers , but it 's not without its problems .
One particular issue is performance .
SVGs are mostly pretty slow ; static images work fine , but even simple animations suffer poor frame rates .
The result is that currently , SVG is only really good for static graphics .
That 's still useful , but there 's a world of difference between a static graphics format and a moving , programmable graphics format .
To use SVG for Flash - type tasks requires strong animation support .
The way that Microsoft has decided to achieve this is to use Direct2D for all of IE9 's rendering .
Direct2D is a 2D vector graphics API that 's layed on top of Direct3D , and Direct3D is , of course , fully hardware accelerated .
Direct2D is in many ways a pretty good match for HTML , CSS , and SVG rendering ; unlike Windows ' old graphics API , GDI , Direct2D is vector - based ( so allows for easy , high - quality scaling and animation ) , but unlike OpenGL or Direct3D , it offers a simple programmatic interface that 's tailored towards 2D graphics , without the complexity that 3D entails .
Similarly , for text , Microsoft is using DirectWrite .
Again , the technology is high - performance , hardware - accelerated , and it integrates cleanly with Direct2D .
Is this the only way to do it ?
Well , no .
An enterprising developer could certainly develop a Direct2D - like API ( that is , a 2D API that simplified use of , and was accelerated by , OpenGL or Direct3D ) by hand for XP , such that it could be used with , say , Direct3D 9 c .
DirectWrite is a bit trickier , as hardware acceleration of DirectWrite is dependent on some Direct3D 10 - level features , but a reasonable approximation could probably be achieved .
But the thing is , Microsoft has already done the development for these APIs , and they 're already shipped , supported , and available to third - party developers .
They just require an OS that 's been released in the past three and a half years ( they 're built in to Windows 7 , and available as a free download for Windows Vista ) .
It 's ridiculous to expect the company to just ignore that it 's done all this work , and then do it all again ( and this time , to do it as something built in to IE , rather than as a general - purpose library available to any developer ) .
The other compatible option — abandoning 3D acceleration completely — seems even less palatable .
It might be possible to create a high - performance , high - quality SVG implementation using nothing other than GDI , but no vendor has managed to do so thus far .
It 's certainly not clear that it's worth the development effort , given that an effective solution already exists : use Direct2D .
Giving up entirely — throwing performance concerns out the window — leaves you with an SVG browser that 's useless for animations , and as such , is severely restricted when compared to one that 's a workable animation platform .
As large a company as Microsoft is , its resources are nonetheless finite .
Moreover , the lack of scalability of software projects is well - known ; getting more productivity by throwing more developers at a project is possible , but it takes considerable care , and can't be done willy - nilly .
As such , the company absolutely has to choose where it spends its development time .
Re-creating Direct2D , or writing a high - performance GDI - based graphics layer just is n't a good use of its resources .
Most significantly , it 's duplicating work that 's already been done on a more modern platform .
Conclusions
Microsoft wants IE9 to be a first - rate browser , and to achieve that , the company is exploiting modern operating system features .
That 's precisely what Microsoft should be doing — these features have been developed so that developers can use them , and that includes Redmond .
XP can't do the things that the new OSes can do .
Kernel - enforced protected mode would be essentially impossible to provide on XP ; a Direct2D equivalent would be doable ( though DirectWrite might not be ) , but would require substantial effort , and in any case , an application simply should n't have to do such things .
These are jobs the OS should be doing — jobs that Windows Vista and Windows 7 do , in fact , do .
And not it 's not just XP and Vista that support these capabilities .
Courtesy of Compiz and Cairo , Linux has 3D - accelerated desktop composition , and a 3D accelerated 2D vector API ; Quartz Extreme and QuartzGL offer the same for Mac OS X. Mac OS X 10.6 also incorporates a security framework offering similar capabilities to Windows ' Mandatory Integrity Control , and SELinux has long given Linux equivalent protection .
This is not to say that these features are necessarily as widely used as they are in Windows Vista or Windows 7 , but these abilities are clearly part of modern operating systems .
The new graphics APIs , coupled with the security advantages of Windows Vista and Windows 7 — advantages that all Web users should be demanding that their browsers support , because they 're really that good — make it clear that the new OSes have indeed advanced beyond the capabilities of Windows XP .
Yes , I acknowledge that XP still does all that it does just as well today as it did when it was new .
But I would also say that people should be demanding more of their OS .
A 2001 feature set is n't good enough any more .
I know it 's also popular to claim that Windows Vista , in particular , really offers nothing new .
But it does offer new features ; it has just taken a while for software to exploit these new abilities .
In sum , there are modern operating systems out there , operating systems that are ideal platforms for modern browsers .
XP really is n't one of them : it 's obsolete .
WHERE THE MONEY WENT WHERE THE MONEY WENT
Tax cuts account for nearly 30 % of the money spent through March under last year 's $ 862 billion economic stimulus law .
Category Amount spent in billions , Jan. - March 2010 Spent since Feb. 2009 Individual tax cuts $ 44.8 $ 101.1
Aid to states $ 16.2 $ 75.5
Aid to individuals $ 17.5 $ 75 Government projects $ 16.3 $ 55 Business tax incentives $ 7.2 $ 40.5 Alternative minimum tax relief $ 10.4 $ 26.3 TOTAL $ 112.4 $ 373.4
Source : White House Council of Economic Advisers JOIN THE CONVERSATION JOIN THE CONVERSATION
Track the latest news about President Obama 's administration with The Oval
READ THE LATEST POSTS READ THE LATEST POSTS Read all posts WASHINGTON 
Last winter 's economic stimulus law has put billions of dollars into taxpayers ' pockets and the economy this spring , the White House plans to say in a report out today from the Council of Economic Advisers
The report , coming a day before the April 15 tax deadline , says the law has delivered more than $ 200 billion in tax relief and other direct benefits , mostly to middle - and lower - income families .
More than $ 70 billion was paid in the past three months .
The $ 862 billion stimulus law , signed by President Obama in February 2009 , included tax breaks for dependent children , college education , first homes , new vehicles , even unemployment benefits .
The costliest was a $ 400 " Making Work Pay " tax credit for individuals and $ 800 for couples .
The credit begins to be phased out at $ 75,000 for individuals and $ 150,000 for couples .
LAST - MINUTE :
Get tax tips , help FEDERAL INCOME TAX : Almost half do n't pay TAX SEASON : Spawns Internet spammer scams Millions of workers received the tax credit in 2009 through lower payroll tax withholding , which made it largely invisible .
Others are receiving part or all of it in the form of tax refunds or a lower tax liability .
Internal Revenue Service figures show the average tax refund this year is nearly $ 3,000 , or 9.4 % larger than last year's .
The White House report says the tax breaks might not have been noticed , but they were largely spent — which was the idea .
As a result , it says , they helped prop up household disposable income and consumer spending during the recession .
Christina Romer , who chairs the Council of Economic Advisers , lauded the stimulus law 's impact .
" If Republicans want to debate me on whether tax cuts have an impact , I 'd be very happy to have that debate , " she said .
" We think they absolutely have been effective . "
Republican lawmakers and leaders of anti-tax groups today will protest what they say are looming tax increases — in the health care law President Obama signed last month and in his budget , which would eliminate tax cuts for upper - income taxpayers passed in 2001 and 2003 .
The stimulus law " only looks at one piece of the puzzle , " said Ryan Ellis of Americans for Tax Reform , which will be joined by Sen.
Orrin Hatch , R - Utah , and several GOP House members at today 's event .
Ellis cited tax increases in the health law for people who refuse to get insurance , as well as higher thresholds for deducting medical expenses .
Several experts said the tax cuts had the desired effect because they were received through paychecks .
" It gets frittered away , which is really what you want done .
You want the money spent , " said Bob Williams of the non-partisan Tax Policy Center .
When rebate checks went out in 2008 , he said , about a third of the money was saved .
The report says 2.2 million to 2.8 million jobs have been saved or created through March .
Some private forecasters , including Mark Zandi of Moody's Economy.com , put the figure lower : 1.5 million to 1.9 million .
" The discrepancies are becoming more apparent , " Zandi says .
He projects the stimulus will ultimately save or create 2.5 million jobs ; the White House says 3.5 million .
The surge in tax cuts propelled the stimulus law to its biggest three - month impact .
A total of $ 112 billion in stimulus funds was spent in the first three months of the year , up from $ 83 billion in the last quarter of 2009 .
Total spending reached $ 373 billion , short of the halfway mark for the two - year package .
We 've updated the Conversation Guidelines .
Changes include a brief review of the moderation process and an explanation on how to use the " Report Abuse " button .
Read more
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2010 March 15
Illuminated Cloud Trails Above Greece
Credit & Copyright : Chris Kotsiopoulos
Explanation :
It may appear to be day , but it 's night .
Those wondrous orange streaks may appear to be rays from the setting Sun , but they 're actually thin clouds illuminated by the Moon as they quickly streaked toward the distant horizon .
The thick clouds on the far left may appear to have many layers , but actually they are just a few simple clouds captured on numerous separate exposures .
What is surely true , though , is that the above time lapse image sequence was taken over two hours , about two weeks ago , in Sounio , Greece .
Also , those really are star trails swirling around the north star Polaris on the upper right of the image .
But what about the building in the foreground ?
It may appear to be a famous ancient structure , but it 's actually a small deserted church built only last century .
By Lee Byong - chulNorth Korea is , without question , a failed state .
By ancient Korea 's political and social mores , its feckless leaders ― Kim Il - sung who died in 1994 and his son , Kim Jong - il ― should have been killed because of their incompetence to govern the country .
In ancient times , it was a common thing that nature - caused tragedies such as drought demanded the lives of kings and political leaders .
Absurd though it may sound from the scientific perspective of today , it was none other than a strong warning from the people that a leader with absolute power should rule the country with an equal sense of responsibility over that power .
Still , Kim and his troops who have practically led the communist regime to an incomprehensible level of disaster in barely two generations , in economic and political terms , are luckily exempt from such brutality , even though most North Koreans are inexpressibly angered by Kim 's bizarre leadership .
How did the Kim family succeed in turning themselves into kings in North Korea ?
The Kim family 's modus operandi can be a good study in dictatorship or tyranny .
First , the Juche ( self - reliance ) idea still functions as a backbone of spreading the groundless rumor that capitalism is a silly and insulting term from American imperialism and is nothing more than a code for surrendering moral values and firm principles .
In particular , the Kim regime 's ideology was certainly sharpened by the collapse of both the Soviet Union and some former communist states in Eastern Europe in the early 1990s .
It was the Soviet Union that installed Kim Il - sung in power over the northern half of the Korean Peninsula as soon as Japan was defeated in World War II in August 1945 .
While these countries were experiencing a taste of capitalism in the wake of reform and openness , North Korea focused on indoctrinating the people into an ideological rearmament based on Juche idea .
Many of the people on the street believe that the ideology is better at solving the problem of poverty than openness through reform because Kim and his clans have tried to change people 's hearts .
Second , the military first politics plays an effectively leading role in dwarfing any other element of sustaining the fragile regime .
No wonder that Kim is always accompanied by a troupe of military commanders during his on - the - spot ``guidance . ''
That said , the military is Kim Jong - il 's consigliere .
The influence of the military on Kim seems to have something to do with a state of mind .
He always sees the world in militarily confrontational terms , and the military acts like an inexhaustible supply that breeds a tough - minded ambition to acquire nuclear weapons , the very opposite of U.S. President Barack Obama 's world without nuclear weapons .
Despite people suffering from poverty and hunger , Kim and his troops firmly believe that nuclear weapons can save the country , instead of transforming it into a trustworthy nation in the international community .
Third , North Korea represents the confluence of the Korean Workers ' Party and kleptocracy .
Tamed by gun-wielding cowboys , North Korea is thoroughly marinated in the corrupt inner circle culture .
Key posts are filled with Kim's hand - picked cronies and relatives .
They are the clubbiest in the communist country , mainly working behind the scenes to conjure up all kinds of state affairs , while singing praises for ``Our style socialism .
'' The country 's economy and political elite are hopelessly intertwined but form the strongest force to create an unprecedented power succession for Kim Jong - un , the third son of Kim Jong - il's .
Kim Jong-il would likely put on a debutant ball for his son in 2012 , the designated year for achieving a ``strong and prosperous state . ''
In North Korea , the communist party and the military exist in a mutually beneficial symbiosis .
They are far keener on the permanent existence of the regime rather than nuclear weapons .
It is thus no wonder that the North desires to deal with the U.S. directly to secure its political and national security affairs , while limiting the role of South Korea to mere economic assistance .
In truth , however , the conservative President Lee Myung - bak and his aides clearly oppose feeding the poverty - stricken North Korea , unless Pyongyang abandons its nuclear weapons .
Seoul also resents being the fall guy , sacrificing itself in return for the North 's nuclear weapons .
North Korea needs to know the fact that Lee is the first president with experience as a CEO ― from Hyundai .
He has a gut belief in business .
For him , the inter -Korean relationship should be developed on a give - and - take basis rather than the one - way mode in the past .
Pandering to China is hardly new in North Korea , but anyone who is familiar with the Lee government 's North Korea policy knows how much concerned Seoul is about the growing influence of the Chinese businessmen into the North .
In fact , South Korea and the U.S. initially misdiagnosed the fate of the Kim regime as an extremely imminent reality that could not be remedied with short - term , stop - gap measures .
Yet , their wishful thinking - based predictions made light of China 's role in the North .
While wielding significant influence in North Korea , China no longer hides the secret agreement with North Korea regarding the lease of a port on its northeastern coast for at least 10 years .
Beijing is likely to have its best chance of becoming a huge winner in the course of resolving Korean affairs , such as the denuclearization of North Korea and the establishment of a peaceful regime on the peninsula .
There 's no way of knowing what will happen in North Korea after its leader Kim dies .
Inclusion of the regime change scenario in the classified North Korea contingency plan is , though , sure to rankle cronies on the flank of Kim 's political and military base , let alone the ill - faced Kim himself .
Assuming their aim is not to create a North ( ern ) dependency , Seoul and Washington need to find a balanced solution of engagement based on a diplomacy - is - better - than - sanctions strategy to enable Pyongyang to recognize the nuclear myth .
North Korea is not a candidate for regime change .
From Nerve : " I started browsing the personal ads , hoping to find something like " Hot , nurturing , extremely patient woman seeks obese , self - loathing virgin who masturbates too much . "
Instead , I found an ad for the Institute for Sexual Surrogate Therapy . "
Same diff ?
Advertisement
Here 's the deal : two guys , both virgins in their 20s , decide to use a " sexual surrogate . "
What is this ?
Well , it 's the sort of gray - area that Nerve often covers - in this case , losing one 's virginity under the auspices of a therapist - for pay .
Sex surrogacy was invented in 1970 , by the Masters and Johnson sex research team , as a means of treating sexual dysfunction , but has largely fallen out of favor .
In a profile of a sex surrogate , New York Magazine described her work thusly :
Rita
Bell is a sex surrogate , which means men pay her to have sex with them as a way of resolving their sexual problems .
Though she does n't have actual intercourse with every client , there is usually some form of sexual contact , since the men come to her with specific difficulties , like erectile dysfunction , premature ejaculation , or its opposite , " retarded ejaculation . "
There are several differences between her work and prostitution :
She talks to her clients at length about their dysfunctions , and she looks less like Julia Roberts than like a zaftig hippie aunt .
But she advertises in the same publications prostitutes do , and her married clients never tell their wives .
Advertisement
In a recent interview , one venerable sex- surrogate , Linda Poelzl , expresses pride in her work but also describes the confidentiality agreement that all clients are required to sign :
CONFIDENTIALITY AGREEMENT : I understand that the surrogacy sessions are for the purpose of expanding my ability to feel physical pleasure and emotional fulfillment through greater intimacy and increased sensation and to overcome sexual dysfunction .
I acknowledge this session series is not for the purpose of sexual gratification or entertainment and may or may not include sexual intercourse , manual , or oral stimulation .
I understand and will abide by the above agreements .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Nevertheless , it must be said that the author 's motivations seem fairly uncomplicated - and that the service seems to accept his " dysfunction " no questions asked .
First , he meets with the " supervising " therapist , who gives him masturbation homework .
" You 've got to learn how to control your penis , " he explained .
" Work the penis , using short strokes , in three discrete sections . "
He demonstrated .
" Do n't spend too much time on the head or you 'll get too excited .
If you feel like you 're losing control , simply stop , pull your hand away completely , and let yourself go soft . "
He let the phallus droop in his hand .
" You need to learn to last at least twenty minutes .
I suggest you buy some sort of egg timer . "
Advertisement
Then , the sessions with the surrogate herself .
These involve increasing " comfort " with nudity and contact , leading , eventually , to sex .
Weirdly , not only do the two friends have the same " surrogate " but she plays them off against one another to arouse their competitive instincts .
That 's all it does arouse ; the pressure means that the author can't perform and has to take a second round of sessions to achieve his goal .
Ironically , the " therapy " element seems not to have done a lot for either dude by the end - maybe because they essentially treated it as a means of getting off ?
The thing was , surrogate therapy taught us how to have sex , but not how to get laid .
Or how to get into a relationship .
Or how to maintain a relationship .
( I 'm still working on that . )
Who was the first to be in a relationship ?
Scott .
The first to get married ?
Scott , which meant he was also the first to get divorced .
We were n't sure if that counted as a win or a loss .
Advertisement
While I 'd hesitate , based on this piece , to make any sweeping generalizations about what Poelzl admits is a " dying " profession , it does seem like these guys , at least , were using it as prostitution - and , in fact , grew attached to their surrogate in a way that was ultimately more hurtful .
One can't help think that in the absence of the sexual openness movement that birthed " sex surrogacy " in the first place , it 's hard for clients and pros to be on the same page .
The agency may have considered the work therapeutic , but these guys were there for the sex .
And ironically , it sounds like it was the " therapy " part they needed more .
True Stories : A Helping Hand [ Nerve ]
Healing Hands [ New York ]
My Life as a Sexual Surrogate : It 's More Than One Big Sex Party [ The Faster Times ]
In its ongoing fight against the piracy of its property , Warner Bros . is looking to fight fire with fire - or , rather , fight students with students .
The studio has begun hiring students for its new " Anti-Piracy Internship . "
In its ongoing fight against the piracy of its property , Warner Bros . is looking to fight fire with fire - or , rather , fight students with students .
The studio has begun hiring students for its new " Anti-Piracy Internship . "
Warner Bros. describes the position :
During the 12 month internship , duties will include : monitoring local Internet forums and IRC for pirated WB and NBCU content and in order to gather information on pirate sites , pirate groups and other pirate activities ; finding new and maintaining existing accounts on private sites ; scanning for links to hosted pirated WB and NBCU content and using tools to issue takedown requests ; maintaining and developing bots for Internet link scanning system ( training provided ) ; preparing sending of infringement notices and logging feedback ; performing trap purchases of pirated product and logging results ; inputting pirate hard goods data and other intelligence into the forensics database ; selecting local keywords and submitting local filenames for monitoring and countermeasure campaigns and periodically producing research documents on piracy related technological developments .
Various training will be provided .
How much does one get for playing big brother for a year ?
About $ 26,000 .
In this economic climate , that 's not too shabby for an internship .
I hear that anyone working for the company also gets a good discount on Acme catapults .
PORT -AU - PRINCE , Haiti—
In a closed courtroom in one of the few government buildings still standing here , Laura Silsby and nine other American missionaries were charged Thursday with abducting children from this earthquake - ravaged capital .
When the proceeding was done , the 40 - year - old from a mountain valley in Idaho walked out of Le Tribunal ...
This year , Republican leaders broke the omnibus bill into pieces to satisfy the courts ’ concerns , passing several separate anti-abortion measures .
Mr. Henry has signed two into law : a measure requiring clinics to post signs stating that a woman cannot be forced to have an abortion , and another making it illegal to have an abortion because of the sex of a child .
Two other anti-abortion bills are still working their way through the Legislature and are expected to pass .
One would force women to fill out a lengthy questionnaire about their reasons for seeking an abortion ; statistics based on the answers would then be posted online .
The other restricts insurance coverage for the procedures .
Taken together , the various pieces of legislation would make Oklahoma one of the most prohibitive environments in the United States for women seeking to end a pregnancy , advocates for women and family planning said .
“ These laws all have the same goal , and that ’s to discourage women from seeking abortions in the first place , ” said Anita Fream , the chief executive of Planned Parenthood of Central Oklahoma .
“ They just throw down one roadblock after another in front of women and hope maybe they will give up . ”
Just hours after the vote , the Center for Reproductive Rights , an organization based in New York that advocates for abortion rights , went to state court to challenge the ultrasound law as unconstitutional .
It argued that the law violates the doctor ’s freedom of speech , the woman ’s right to equal protection and the woman ’s right to privacy , said the group ’s president , Nancy Northup .
Several states have passed laws in recent years requiring women to undergo an ultrasound before having an abortion , and at least three — Alabama , Louisiana and Mississippi — require doctors to offer the woman a chance to see the image .
But Oklahoma ’s new law says that the monitor must be placed where the woman can see it and that she must listen to a detailed description of the fetus .
“ The goal of this legislation is just to make a statement for the sanctity of human life , ” State Senator Todd Lamb , the majority floor leader , said in an interview after the vote .
“ Maybe someday these babies will grow up to be police officers and arrest bad people , or will find a cure for cancer . ”
Share
tweet
Sillof created these awesome custom action figures which restyles your favorite Star Wars characters into samurai - inspired creations .
If you ’re the type of person who draws references between Star Wars and Imperial Japan , not only do we feel slightly sorry for you , but you ’ll be in heaven with these awesome action figures .
Pictured above is R2 - D2 .
Can you guess the rest ?
I ’ll give you a hint .
Jar Jar was not included .
Link [ via ]
You must specify a forum
This is the question that Tim asks at LDS & Evangelical Conversations .
As an Evangelical Christian , Tim does probably have the prerogative to find out why so many ex-Mormons do n’t seem to consider ( or do n’t seem to pick ) some other form of Christianity ( perhaps an Evangelical flavor ) on their way out .
And to be sure , Tim has written that he thinks some evangelical tactics may be responsible .
But now he wants more responses : why does a loss of faith in Mormonism lead to a loss of faith in Jesus ?
I had written some comments .
1a . I think it ’s because many of the perceived arguments against Mormonism apply against Christianity .
I mean , this is something I ’ve * cringed * at when Mormons have used it against ex-mormons .
“ So , you do n’t believe in x historically doubtful event in the Book of Mormon but you * do * believe in y historically doubtful event in the Bible ?
How dare you ? ! ”
( I think Seth has stopped doing this , lol )
And , to an extent , if historical doubtfulness is the issue , people can generally see that there ’s a world of difference between the two , I suppose .
That ’s my first thought .
Check after the break ( or just the link to my comment ) for more
1b . Or…something like this …when doubting Mormonism , we might doubt that the church has something unique to provide us that we feel we really need ( but were pressured and raised to believe that we need ) .
This carries on to Christianity in many ways .
One thing I just DO NOT GET is the “ need ” to be “ saved . ”
It seems like Christian groups are assigning their only problem ( e.g. , hell ) and then are advertising a solution for it ( e.g. , Christianity / relationship with Christ ) .
Yet , in disaffecting from the church , what I realized was , I …do n’t need that stuff .
2 . Next , even though I ’ve been glad for your articles like “ We Push Them Out …into what ? ”
I do n’t think many people read them or implement them .
non-LDS Christians are still notoriously unappealing in their approach to Mormons , so when people disaffect from the church , then EVEN IF WE REALIZE , “ Hey , they were right on x , y , or z claim about the church , ” the next thing that comes to mind is , “ But GEEZ .
I would never be like one of THEM . ”
I still frequently go up to bat FOR the church when I hear people saying things about it …
It does n’t help that many Evangelicals feel that their attitude in evangelizing is n’t all that important ( or rather , maybe they feel it is , but they have very different thoughts on what is effective . )
So many people use a “ tough love ministry ” because “ this is the truth ” and “ the truth may be hard to hear , but it ca n’t be sugarcoated . ”
OK , whatever .
But to someone who does not believe that , all you are doing is alienating them .
Many evangelicals seem fine with this too !
“ Well , I shared the truth with them and Jesus will work through them . ”
3 . Finally , LDS doctrine in many ways is what we are familiar with .
So , even if we ca n’t buy it any longer , other Christian doctrines do n’t necessarily fill the gaps .
Ugh , I do n’t want to get into a discussion : “ Aha !
So you guys were following “ another Jesus ” and this is proof ” ( protip : that ’s the wrong thing to do ) … but at some level , you have to realize that Mormonism and … say … Calvinism …are arch rival philosophies when you look at what each places on the idea of “ free will . ”
In many other ways , various traditional Christian ideas seem unpolished or jagged in comparison to what Mormons grew up believing .
4 . … Also , it ’s kinda tacky to go back dating right after the hugest breakup in your life .
I know some people would say , “ But you need to get back on the scene EVENTUALLY , ” but …this was a REALLY REALLY REALLY big breakup .
And the settlement was ugly .
So , those are my thoughts .
Anyone else have any ?
I guess another good question would be to ask … what drew those who went to non-LDS Christianity after leaving Mormonism there ?
What things enticed them that do not entice many others ?
Scrum , as a framework , is practiced in many different organisations and can be considered a mainstream approach to software development .
To me agile is way of scaling common sense and while I no longer practice Scrum I consider it an excellent implementation and would happily return to it if my circumstances were better suited to time boxing .
However as with all great ideas that are adopted widely , there are many instances where people are simply doing it wrong .
Warren Buffett has a neat way of describing this :
First come the innovators , who see opportunities that others do n’t .
Then come the imitators , who copy what the innovators have done .
And then come the idiots , whose avarice undoes the very innovations they are trying to use to get rich .
In the case of software it ’s reasonable to replace the goal of getting rich with that of successfully delivering software that is valued by the customer .
As such there are a wealth of posts discouraging the adaption and variation of Scrum , in fact the notion of Scrumbut is so well understood it even has a definition .
scrumbut [ skruhmbut ] noun .
1 . A person engaged in only partially Agile project management or development methodologies
2 . One who engages in either semi-agile or quasi - waterfall development methodologies .
3 . One who adopts only SOME tenents of the SCRUM methodology .
4 . In general , one who uses the word “ but ” when answering the question “ Do you do SCRUM ? ”
Project management will necessarily vary from company to company .
As such the ubiquity of a term like Scrum has less value within a specific company , since the shared understanding of the company ’s approach ought to be evident to all .
When I talk to people outside of my company it ’s useful to reference commonly understood terms as a starting point .
For time boxed approaches Scrum is an obvious point of reference , but the specific system that I wish to describe is highly likely to deviate from Scrum in some way and I do not necessarily see this as a bad thing .
The challenge of software development is to produce something that someone will find valuable .
There are plenty of different ways to achieve this and all are highly dependent on the context of the project .
Generally an iterative and incremental approach that bakes quality in from the start is preferable and a number of ready made implementations exist such as Scrum , Kanban or Evo .
In some cases it may be appropriate to lift something like Scrum wholesale , but in many other cases , there are legitimate reasons for adapting the process .
For example a team might be writing an implementation of a system where the behaviour is well understood .
In fact in order for the system to be compliant and therefore usable it must adhere to a large pre-written spec provided by an external party .
Clearly this is at odds with Scrum but there is no need for the team to drop time boxing or stand ups as a result .
So adapting a process is not in itself something to be frowned upon .
Clearly bad project management is bad , and if the manager blames their own failings on their inability to implement a methodology then larger problems exist .
The key point is that good managers should not worry that they are running Scrumbut , or indeed if they are ‘ doing it right ’ as the only metric for correctness is that the team maximises the value they create .
Cochabamba people 's conference .
Photo by Reuben McCreanor , Upside Down World .
By Nidia Diaz , translated by Granma International
It would not be exaggerated to state that Tiquipaya , a small locality in unredeemed Cochabamba , is making history .
More than 20,000 people , clinging to the final hope of saving the planet , or Mother Earth , are meeting there .
Five heads of state and two Nobel Peace laureates are accompanying them on this noble crusade in which the very existence of today ’s world is at stake .
The corporate media have barely given it any space ; with a bit of luck it will be stuck at the end of some superficial note intentionally underestimating what has happened there .
The leaders of the rich and developed global North have definitely not asked their advisers to put the issue on their working agendas ; it does n’t matter to them .
The major transnationals , to a great extent the aggressors against nature and the environment , probably have n’t even heard about the meeting .
Their head offices , located in enormous skyscrapers , symbols of their power and an ill - named modernity , are far away from Tiquipaya .
" What is Tiquipaya , anyway ? " , they might be asking if anyone should comment on it .
Nevertheless , to date overlooked and forgotten , in Bolivia a battle has begun that concerns everyone and , although they choose not to believe it , even those responsible for having brought us to this point .
It is they who have provoked – with their system of unrestrained waste – global warming , responsible for the worst natural disaster of the last few decades , and it is they who are also responsible for the climate debt that is asphyxiating the global South , where underdevelopment , backwardness , poverty and the extreme apathy of neoliberal governments have prevented the building of an infrastructure that , in times of natural disaster , can help those most in need and safeguard collective security .
Halting this future disaster and beginning from within to respect and care for Mother Earth is the S.O.S. being sent from Tiquipaya to the planet .
It is not by chance that Bolivia is the scene of this decisive battle for life .
Nor is it by chance that its Indigenous president , Evo Morales , is its principal standard bearer .
In a letter sent to the first World People 's Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth , writer Eduardo Galeano says to the participants from 129 nations and five continents meeting there : “ … the whole world should hear those voices . ”
He added , “ They are teaching us that we little humans are part of nature , relatives of all those who have legs , paws , wings or roots …
The European conquest charged with idolatry the indigenous peoples who lived in that communion , and for believing in it they were flogged , had their throats cut or were burned alive . ”
And it is precisely for having maintained alive that eternal flame of love for Mother Earth that Evo Morales and his people have now become symbols of this struggle .
Having sustained the cult to what they call pachamama gives them the moral authority to exercise a leadership that demands an end to the eternal lamentations and to pass , for the good of all , two indispensable instruments : a Climate Justice Tribunal to try the predators of nature , whether these are governments or corporations , and the creation of a world agency to defend the rights of the Earth , because , without an organisation to follow up on the regulations established at international summits , there will never be anything or anyone to oblige industries and developed countries to comply with them .
Both proposals come from the ethics of Evo , who has charged the capitalist system with the accelerated deterioration of the ecosystem provoked by carbon dioxide emissions into the atmosphere and global warming .
In his opening address at the first World People 's Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth ( CMPCC ) , Evo Morales stated : “ The principal cause of the destruction of planet Earth is capitalism and , as people who inhabit it , let us respect this Mother Earth ; we have all the right , we have the ethics and the morals to say here that the central enemy of Mother Earth is capitalism . "
“ The capitalist system seeks to obtain the maximum possible profits by promoting unlimited growth on a finite planet .
Capitalism is the source of the asymmetries and imbalances in the world ” , he affirmed , condemning the poverty against which half of the world population is struggling .
He noted that “ more than 2.8 billion people are living on less than two dollars per day .
For capitalism , we human beings are no more than consumers and a labour force ; people are valued for what they have and not for what they are ” .
In that context he condemned the fact that the dominant global economic system is commercialising water , land and even culture .
“ As long as the capitalist system remains unchanged , the measures that we adopt will be of a limited and precarious nature , which poses an existential dilemma : to continue along the road of capitalism or death , or to take the road of harmony with nature and respect for life in order to save humanity ” , he finally emphasised .
With these opening arguments , the people 's summit of tens of thousands of participants divided into 17 working sessions to discuss a similar number of issues .
These include the structural causes of climate change , the rights of Mother Earth , a world referendum on climate change , climate refugees , the environmental debt , the Kyoto Protocol , and the transfer of technologies and action strategies .
The final declaration and the conclusions of each and every one of those issues will be presented to the next UN climate change summit in Mexico , which follows on from the Copenhagen edition and has been the subject of more than a little scepticism , given the resounding failure of the former summit .
As the Bolivia 's president explained : “ It would not have been necessary to convene the world summit of the peoples in Bolivia , if the Copenhagen summit could have achieved agreements that would contribute to the conservation of nature and dropping irrational industrialisation policies . ”
At the same time , he stated : “ We want to reveal the imperialist pretensions of the so - called Copenhagen Agreement , an understanding drawn up by a minority of countries which are seeking to raise the global temperature of the planet by more than four degrees centigrade , a measure that would bring catastrophic consequences for humanity . ”
In that context , he recalled that “ in Copenhagen the industrialised nations wanted to impose a document not to save life , but to feed their contaminative environmental policy ” .
With that background and the conviction that only the force of a people ’s struggle can attain respect for life on the planet and the planet itself , the working sessions got underway in this summit which , as anticipated by its organisers , will be ending with a great mass event in Cochabamba stadium as we go to press
As was the case 10 years ago , when the so - called “ water war ” exploded when the Bolivian people successfully confronted the power of an untouchable transnational and a government subjected to the dictates of the US government , making possible a few months later the victory of President Evo Morales in the elections , the days in Tiquipaya in defence of Mother Earth will culminate in the triumph of life over a system that is condemned to death .
The agreements that emerge from this first World People 's Conference on Climate Change and the Rights of Mother Earth will not be left in oblivion .
They will be monitored by those who are already deeply involved in saving their home , the habitat of everyone .
Hopefully , as Galeano would say , the deaf of always will hear them .
Washington ( CNN ) --
One of two photojournalists killed in a 2007 attack by a U.S. helicopter gunship in Iraq was being rescued when the gunship 's crew fired on the van to which he was being carried , according to footage posted online Monday .
Reuters photographer Saeed Cmagh survived an initial strafing by the Apache gunship 's 30 mm machine gun , but he apparently died when the gunship opened fire on people attempting to get him off the sidewalk where he lay , according to the video .
The aerial footage was posted by the Web site WikiLeaks , which said the video remains classified and " clearly shows the unprovoked slaying of a wounded Reuters employee and his rescuers . "
WikiLeaks is a site that publishes anonymously submitted documents , video and other sensitive materials .
Pentagon documents on the investigation ( pdf )
The gunship 's crew requested and received permission to open fire on the van , which the crew believed was trying to evacuate wounded insurgents , the U.S. military later concluded .
Chmagh 's Reuters colleague , Namir Noor - Eldeen , also died in the July 2007 air strike in the New Baghdad district of the Iraqi capital .
Noor - Eldeen appears to have been killed in the first round of strafing from the gunship .
The U.S. investigation into the attack found that the helicopter gunship 's crew mistook the journalists ' cameras for weapons while seeking out insurgents who had been firing at American troops in the area .
The fliers estimated they killed 12 to 15 Iraqis in the attack .
" This tragic incident was investigated at that time by the brigade involved and the investigation found that the forces involved were not aware of the presence of the two reporters , and that all evidence available supported the conclusion by those forces that they were engaging armed insurgents , and not civilians , " Maj .
Shawn Turner , a U.S. military spokesman , told CNN in a written statement Monday .
The Army 's 2007 report on the incident found the crew had " neither reason nor probability to assume that neutral media personnel were embedded with enemy forces , " according to a copy of the document released to CNN .
" We regret the loss of innocent life , but this incident was promptly investigated , and there was never any attempt to cover up any aspects of this engagement , " Turner added .
A total of 139 journalists , nearly 120 of them Iraqis , have been killed during the 7 - year - old war , according to the Committee To Protect Journalists .
Reuters said the deaths of Chmagh and Noor - Eldeen " were tragic and emblematic of the extreme dangers that exist in covering war zones . "
" This footage is deeply disturbing and reminds us of what journalists in war zones undergo to bring us the news , " Joel Simon , the group 's executive director , said in a written statement .
" The video also confirms our long - held view that a thorough and transparent investigation into this incident is urgently needed . "
And Reuters said the deaths of Chmagh and Noor - Eldeen " were tragic and emblematic of the extreme dangers that exist in covering war zones . "
" We continue to work for journalist safety and call on all involved parties to recognise the important work that journalists do and the extreme danger that photographers and video journalists face in particular , " David Schlesinger , the wire service 's editor - in - chief , said in a statement released to CNN .
" The video released today via WikiLeaks is graphic evidence of the dangers involved in war journalism and the tragedies that can result . "
CNN Pentagon Correspondent Barbara Starr contributed to this report .
No models are selected .
Please select models to compare
“ GoFundMe Charity provides us the tools we need to raise critical funds and reach more people than ever .
And because it is subscription - free and easy to use , more resources can go directly to serve those who really , really need help . ”
Ted Davis • Web Director
Last of Nine Alleged Cop - Killing Plotters Arrested The Hutaree planned to ambush law enforcement with IEDs , court documents say .
March 29 , 2010  --
The last of nine people indicted in a plot to kill police officers was arrested this evening at a home in Hillsdale County , Mich .
Joshua Matthew Stone , 21 , was captured without incident Monday evening , authorities told ABC News .
Authorities say Stone was one of two sons of David Brian Stone , 45 , the alleged ringleader of the Christian militia group called Hutaree .
The anti-government militia allegedly plotted to kill law enforcement officers with improvised explosive devices and projectiles before being foiled by FBI raids that started Sunday in three states that netted nine members of an extremist group , federal authorities said today .
Four members of David Stone 's family including his wife , Tina Stone , 44 , and his two adult sons allegedly conspired with five other members of the fringe Christian militia group to kill a Michigan law enforcement officer and then ambush the officer 's colleagues who would have gathered for the funeral , according to court documents .
The other people indicted include , David Brian Stone Jr. , 19 , of Adrian , Mich. , Joshua Clough , 28 , of Blissfield , Mich. , Michael Meeks , 40 , of Manchester , Mich. , Thomas Piatek , 46 , of Whiting , Ind. , Krisopher Sickles , 27 , of Sandusky , Ohio , and Jacob Ward , 33 , of Huron , Ohio -- are in custody .
All were indicted by a federal grand jury of seditious conspiracy , attempted use of weapons of mass destruction , teaching the use of explosive materials and possessing a firearm during a crime of violence .
They appeared in court this morning but no pleas were made .
Court documents charge that the group had plotted as the Hutaree since 2008 .
David Stone researched explosive devices on the Internet and directed son Joshua Stone and others to gather the necessary materials , authorities said .
Stone 's ex-wife , Donna Stone , told The Associated Press that her former husband took things too far .
" It started out as a Christian thing , " said Donna Stone , 44 .
" You go to church .
You pray .
You take care of your family .
I think David started to take it a little too far .
He dragged a lot of people with him . "
In June 2009 , authorities allege , Stone and his youngest son David Stone Jr. began teaching other Hutaree how to make and use the explosives .
They were to have been used against law enforcement officials as they drove in the funeral procession for the first officer they intended to kill as bait .
The first alleged target was not named .
Among their plans for the first murder , according to court documents , was to kill the officer at a traffic stop , kill the officer and his or her family at home or make a phony 911 call to lure the officer into a trap .
Based in Lenawee County , Mich. , the Hutaree are described by officials as an extremist group .
Their Web site says the name means " Christian warrior " and claims it is preparing to defend itself for the impending arrival of the anti-Christ .
Most of the Hutaree members arrested had aliases , such as " Pale Horse , " " Azzurlin " and " Guhighllo . "
David Stone 's listed aliases were " RD , " " Stonewall " and " Captain Hutaree . "
Hutaree : Militia Group Planning to Defend Against Satan
Some members of the Hutaree are identifiable by tiger - striped camouflage uniforms and a shoulder patch consisting of a black cross , two brown vertical pillars to form the letter " H " with the cross , two red spears and a brown V shape , according to court documents .
Michael Lackomar , the leader of Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia , said several members of the Hutaree , who have trained with his group on occasion , showed up on the doorstep of one of his colleagues shortly after the raid .
" They were asking for a place to hide as it were and he was n't willing to assist them in that manner , " Lackomar said .
A person claiming to be a member of the Hutaree posted a message online pleading for help and claiming that officials " broke into homes and took children and used the tasers on wives ... AND my son who is 12 . "
Despite the connection between the groups , Lackomar said the Hutaree are not truly part of the militia movement .
" They believe that this is the end of the world as prophesied by the Bible and it is their duty to take up arms to fight alongside Jesus against the impending forces of Satan , " he said .
" We are community - based , " Lackomar said of the Southeast Michigan Volunteer Militia .
" We are willing to accept anybody that lives among us that wants to protect themselves , their neighborhood , wants to help out in times of emergency . "
Going after a group like the Hutaree can be dangerous , ABC News consultant and former FBI agent Brad Garrett said .
" This crowd tends to be heavily armed and they are all conspiracy theorists that the government is trying to take over , " he said .
" And so you have to be very careful and cautious when starting arresting people like this because you can walk right into an ambush . "
ABC 's Tahman Bradley contributed to this report .
VR200M Follows Up On VR150M
Western Digital ’s Raptor family hit the enthusiast hard drive market like an asteroid in 2003 , and has been a benchmark in high - end desktop storage ever since .
With no direct competition in its spindle speed class , this 10,000 RPM hard drive remains a coveted choice for enthusiasts and IT professionals building entry - level servers , particularly now that the latest VelociRaptor models have arrived with 450GB and 600 GB capacities , improved specifications , and increased performance .
Following Trends
Seagate 's Barracuda ATA excited the mainstream drive world in 1997 when it took the industry 's first stab at 7,200 RPM desktop storage .
It only made sense that a 10,000 RPM evolution would eventually follow .
Given that enterprise drives had been running at 10 K since 1996 with the Seagate Cheetah , adoption was only a matter of time and production volume .
In a way , Western Digital was " lucky enough " to be unlucky with its SCSI enterprise drive business from 1997 to 1999 .
From these efforts were born the roots of the Raptor series .
Other drive manufacturers did n’t want to risk cannibalizing their existing server / enterprise hard drive business , but WD had nothing to lose .
This remains one of the main reasons why the Raptor family is the only 10 K SATA family on today 's market .
Although spindle speed has n't changed since the original Raptor launched , there has been considerable progress on other fronts .
Not only data density climbed but WD also transitioned the 3.5 ” Raptor into the 2.5 ” VelociRaptor , following the trend toward smaller drives for higher storage densities in server environments .
This downsizing allows many more drives to be installed within the same dimensional footprint .
Setting New Records ?
We were amazed to look back and realize that the VelociRaptor has been on the market for almost two years — one the longest component product life - cycles we 've seen in recent years .
Amazingly enough , the 300 GB drive still does rather well against its competitors .
Only a few 3.5 ” drives deliver better low - level performance .
However , application benchmarks show that the latest 7,200 RPM models are a better choice nowadays , as they offer more than six times the capacity with increased performance at similar price points .
WD knows this , too , which is why the company is now out to reclaim the performance crown .
Time 's Josh Ozersky tries to get at the heart of what makes ramps so friggin ' beloved by foodies :
What makes ramps ramps is not their flavor , you see , but their cultural value .
David Kamp , the author of The Food Snob 's Dictionary , offers this explanation to Time : " The ramp is not a salad green , but it is a green vegetable , and it is the first legitimately green thing that appears from the ground in April , a month that , in terms of farm yield , is otherwise an extension of winter .
For food snobs , therefore , ramps are overcelebrated and overly scrutinized , like the first ballgame played in April , even with 161 more games ahead . "
Related : How to Pickle Ramps »
How to Make Ramp Compound Butter »
Get the Recipe Ramp Compound Butter View Recipe »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Photo : Stéfan Le Dû
We 've isolated some distinctive–and not - so - distinctive ! –audio snippets from the Star Wars flicks .
Think you can identify them all ?
After you take the quiz , come on back and let us know how well you did .
And if you have an idea for a future quiz , tell us your suggestion !
(.)
Lawmakers in both parties have been raising hundreds of thousands of dollars in campaign contributions from Wall Street in recent months , offering the industry access to members of Congress who are working on legislation that could alter the rules for American finance .
Democrats and Republicans have held at least three dozen fund - raising ...
WILKINSON RESIDENCE
Portland , Oregon - 2004
The Wilkinson House by Robert Oshatz , completed in 2004 , is an example of modern architecture at peace with its site .
The house occupies a wooded Pacific Northwest site , with a fast sloping grade that allows the main level of the house to sit amongst the tree canopy .
Walls made of glass let abundant natural lighting through into the interior spaces and provide views to the surrounding canopy .
The openness created by the glass walls satisfying the resident ’s desire to see and hear the surrounding bird life and let the home feel like a part of the surrounding landscape .
The house has a spacious , open plan , with a variety of built in furnishings , countertops , and cabinets .
The main living space consists of a single open space that includes a sitting area , kitchen and dining area , and a fireplace nook .
The space then opens out onto a large deck that cantilevers out amongst the trees .
The house has a total of 393 square meters of floor space , 234 square meters of which are on the main floor , and 159 square meters on the lower level ; which consist of three full bedrooms and two and a half baths .
Natural materials provide a variety of colors and textures to create a warm interior environment .
Materials used include cedar shingles , wood trim , gypsum board , carpet , slate tile , granite tile , and copper .
The space of the house seems to flow effortlessly between inside and out by continuing the materials of the interior through the glass walls and out to the exterior .
Curves add tranquility to the home ; a series of curved , glue laminated beams support the high ceiling overhead , cedar shingles describe a series of organic curves , and a glass enclosed meditation room adjacent to the main space is a circle in section .
Oshatz left no detail untouched ; he provided for natural ventilation , and environmentally friendly gas - fired hot water radiant floor heating .
As the resident is a lover of music , Oshatz carefully controlled the acoustics of the interior space , and designed the volumes of the house to resonate with the flow of music .
The exterior of the house consists of a series of horizontal layers featuring copper , cedar shingles , and a copper metal roof .
The entrance walkway passes through a small Japanese garden .
Last Friday , a judge struck down Arkansas ’ law banning adoption by unmarried couples but , interestingly , the decision has not yielded an outpouring of outrage from the Religious Right – at least , not yet .
And the reason for that seems to be due to the fact that they are still too busy being outraged about the other ruling from last week finding the National Day of Prayer to be unconstitutional .
Dave Welch of the US Pastor Council says the ruling “ is grounded in a fundamental hostility against public expression of the Christian faith ” and the result of the fact that the nation continues to “ reject the existence and / or sovereignty of God , ” while Focus on the Family ’s Stuart Shepard made the issue the focus on his latest “ Stoplight ” video ( note Mike Huckabee ’s appearance in the very beginning ) :
And while Fox News ’ Megyn Kelly can’t seem to understand how a day designed to “ acknowledge the role that God has played in the formation of this country and its laws ” could ever be seen as promoting religion , The Christian Defense Coalition ’s Rev. Patrick Mahoney and Faith 2 Action ’s Rev. Rob Schenck are planning a press conference to demand that the Obama administration appeal the ruling :
President Obama has a unique chance to build a bridge to the faith community by acting quickly on this matter and reaffirming his commitment to public expressions of faith and the National Day of Prayer .
It is not enough for Mr. Obama to make wonderful speeches about protecting religious freedom around the world .
“ Now is the time to act on protecting religious freedom in America .
“ Sadly , the President ’s record concerning the Christian community and religious liberty is not a good one .
Meanwhile , Rep. Randy Forbes is telling Focus on the Family that the decision should be a “ wake - up call ” to all Americans about the importance of keeping “ activist judges ” off the bench :
The federal judge ’s decision to call the National Day of Prayer unconstitutional represents a movement we are seeing across the country of a small minority who want to exclude faith , religion and morality from the marketplace of ideas .
In so doing , they may be depriving us of the very principles we need to secure our freedom . …
While we cannot speculate how the Supreme Court would rule on this case , one thing this particular decision should make clear is how dangerous it is to appoint activist judges .
This federal judge has essentially said that the Declaration of Independence – a document that very clearly states that our rights were given by a Creator – is unconstitutional .
Is there any question this judge would have declared the Declaration of Independence unconstitutional if it were written today , since it proclaims all our rights come from the Creator ?
It is regrettable that we would have a federal judge essentially rule against the very premise of the nation ’s foundational document of freedom .
The decision should be a wake - up call to Americans across the country .
But not to be outone is the Family Research Council , which is demanding the impeachment of the judge and that the nation fall on its knees to pray for our nation during these “ darkest days ” :
Sunday is the big day for football fans across the country as Drew Brees and the New Orleans Saints go head to head with Peyton Manning and the Indianapolis Colts in this year ’s much - anticipated Super Bowl .
Many foresee the game to be a competitive match - up between the league ’s two top teams , both of which played exceptionally well all season .
However for some , tuning in every year is more than just about football .
It ’s also about the much - hyped commercials .
Millions are expected to watch one of television ’s biggest nights , in between guacamole and chips , to view ads that attract many who could care less about the game .
Yet some ads have already stirred up some controversy .
This year CBS , the network airing the game , has decided to feature an anti-abortion commercial showcasing college football star Tim Tebow along with his mother .
Many are questioning the network ’s decision to air the ad because it deals with the sensitive issue of abortion and is sponsored by the anti-choice conservative group Focus on the Family .
The ad features Tebow ’s mother telling the story of her son ’s birth .
She recalls how she was on a missionary trip in 1987 when she became seriously ill .
Her doctors urged her to have an abortion .
She chose not to and wound up giving birth to a son who grew up healthy .
Tebow went on to become a football star at the University of Florida as well as a Heisman Trophy - winning quarterback .
But the move by CBS to air the ad has infuriated reproductive rights activists , leading some groups to petition the network to cancel it .
Critics call the commercial “ extraordinarily offensive and demeaning , ” as it promotes the decision of one woman who went against her doctor ’s advice in an at - risk pregnancy .
The National Organization for Women said in a statement , “ While NOW would never disparage any woman ’s reproductive choice , we believe that all women should be free to make the decision that is right for them .
We also believe that this ad could potentially put women ’s health and lives at risk by promoting ideology over medicine . ”
NOW President Terry O’Neil told The Associated Press she found the ad “ extraordinarily offensive and demeaning . ”
She added , “ That ’s not being respectful of other people ’s lives .
It ’s offensive to hold one way out as being a superior way over everybody else ’s . ”
Cecile Richards , of the Planned Parenthood Action Fund , in an e-mail message to supporters , said of the ad , “ Mrs. Tebow weighed medical and moral considerations and decided what was right for her .
She made her choice in private , and without government interference .
That ’s exactly what we want every woman to be able to do . ”
“ The truth is , ” Richards added , “ the Tebows ’ experience is completely consistent with what Planned Parenthood doctors and nurses have learned from the millions of women they ’ve served over nearly a century .
Women take decisions about their health very seriously .
They consider their doctors ’ advice , they talk with their loved ones and people they trust , including religious leaders , and they carefully weigh all considerations before making the best decision for themselves and their families .
“ That ’s the way it should be . ”
The action fund is inviting the public to add their names to a statement affirming the right of every woman to “ make important personal medical decisions for herself . ”
Meanwhile , athletes Sean James and Al Joyner have made a powerful video advocating for women ’s health and rights .
Watch it below .
NOW points out that women are vastly under - represented in high - level decision - making roles at the television networks .
Despite this disadvantage , NBC managed to make the right decision last year , refusing to run an anti-choice ad during the Super Bowl , the group notes .
But , NOW says , “ Anti-abortion forces are on the offensive .
They do n’t want to help women make informed decisions – they want to , in the words of Focus on the Family , make abortion ‘ both illegal and unthinkable . ’
We must stand up to their campaign to deny women their fundamental rights . ”
Meanwhile gay rights activists are also disappointed with CBS ’s decision to turn down an ad sponsored by a gay dating site called ManCrunch.com .
The 30 - second ManCrunch ad shows two men on a couch watching a football game rooting for their respective teams .
They both reach for chips at the same time and their hands touch .
As music builds in the background they kiss , rather comically .
See the ad below .
Sponsors of the ad say it ’s harmless , not controversial or sensational .
They were told by CBS that no spots were left to air the commercial .
CBS claimed ManCrunch did not meet credit requirements to pay for the ad .
However critics charge anti-gay bias is the real reason behind the network ’s decision .
Gay rights activists are calling for a boycott of the Super Bowl and CBS .
Athletes Sean James and Al Joyner :
“ Mancrunch ” ad :
Photo : ( AP / David J. Phillip )
42 Outstanding Out of Bounds Photos
Advertisement
OOB ( Out of Bounds ) Photos are amazing content taken from outside the boundaries , presented in creative 3 - dimensional perspective .
This photo has shown an example of different techniques of photo editing from designers .
“ Out of Bounds ” ( OoB ) images , sometimes also called an “ out of frame .
These are amazing out of Bound Photos that manipulation from Photoshop , sharpening , resizing , etc .
These are the wonderful , creative , amazing work from designers .
You can also share Out of Bounds photos with us and for our readers .
KANDAHAR , Afghanistan — Under a dusty hospital tent where doctors yell over the roar of jet engines , Dr. John York studied an electronic image of a blood vessel in the neck of a soldier wounded by an improvised bomb .
It looked like a balloon ready to pop .
Too delicate to operate on directly .
Dr. York would have to try a procedure that had rarely been attempted so close to a battlefield .
Using a sophisticated X - ray machine , he snaked a tube from an artery in the soldier 's leg until it reached his neck .
Dr. York threaded in a ...
Ulysses Spacecraft Data Reveal a Comet Biggie
PASADENA , Calif . - Using data from the completed ESA / NASA Ulysses mission , scientists have identified a new candidate for biggest comet .
Results of these findings were presented today at the Royal Astronomical Society 's National Astronomy Meeting in Glasgow by Ulysses science team member Geriant Jones of University College , London
The primary mission of the Ulysses spacecraft was to characterize the sun 's heliosphere as a function of solar latitude .
The heliosphere is the vast region of interplanetary space occupied by the sun 's atmosphere and dominated by the outflow of the solar wind .
To study the heliosphere , Ulysses was placed into a six - year orbit around the sun that carried it out to Jupiter 's orbit and back .
Covering such a vast expanse of space provided unique and unexpected opportunities for the spacecraft .
During its more than 17 - year mission , Ulysses had three unplanned encounters with comet tails .
( See Ulysses Catches Record for Catching Comets by Their Tails - http://www.nasa.gov/vision/universe/solarsystem/ulysses-20071019.html )
Scientists combed the data of a chance 2007 encounter Ulysses made with the tail of comet McNaught .
The nucleus of this comet was some 257 million kilometers ( 160 million miles ) from the spacecraft during encounter .
Instead of using the length of the tail to measure the scale of the comet , scientists used Ulysses data to gauge the size of the region of space disturbed by the comet 's presence .
Ulysses ' solar wind ion composition spectrometer instrument , developed by University of Michigan heliophysicist George Gloeckler , found that even at such a great distance , the tail had filled the solar outflow with unusual gases and molecules .
In response , the solar wind that usually measures about 700 kilometers per second ( 435 miles per second ) at that distance from the sun , was less than 400 kilometers per second ( 249 miles per second ) inside the comet 's tail , as measured by one of Ulysses ' instruments called " Solar Wind Observations Over the Poles of the Sun , " whose principal investigator is Dave McComas of the Southwest Research Institute in San Antonio , Texas .
Ulysses took nearly nine times as long to traverse the tail of comet McNaught in 2007 as it did during a 1996 chance encounter with comet Hyakutake – which until now held the record for longest known tail .
This led scientists to believe the comet McNaught was remarkably productive in releasing gas and material from its surface .
While measuring such comet " outgassing " can define the level of activity of a comet , it does not directly relate to its size .
But if both comets were equally active , McNaught would have to be much larger in size to produce such a massive tail .
The interaction between comets ' tails and the solar wind has been studied for decades .
A comet 's ion tail always points away from the sun , whether the body is traveling toward or away from the sun along the comet 's elliptical orbit .
It was this finding that eventually led in 1958 to the discovery of solar wind .
The magnetism and velocity of the solar wind are so strong , the effect pushes the comet 's tail outward .
When space shuttle Discovery launched Ulysses on Oct. 6 , 1990 , it had an expected lifetime of five years .
The mission gathered unique information about the heliosphere , the bubble in space carved by the solar wind , for nearly four times longer than expected .
The mission ended on June 30 , 2009 .
The Ulysses spacecraft was built by Dornier Systems of Germany for ESA .
NASA provided the launch and the upper stage boosters .
The U.S. Department of Energy , Washington , supplied the generator that powers the spacecraft ; science instruments were provided by both U.S. and European investigators .
The spacecraft was operated from JPL by a joint NASA / ESA team and employed NASA 's Deep Space Network for communications .
The Royal Astronomical Society 's press release on the finding is online at : http://www.astro.gla.ac.uk/nam2010/pr8.php .
More information about NASA 's Ulysses mission is available at : http://ulysses.jpl.nasa.gov.
D.C. Agle 818-393-9011
Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif .
agle@jpl.nasa.gov
2010 - 127
Wikipedia : The Matrix encyclopedia
http://en.wikipedia.org
The Great Lie of Wikipedia : " the .... encyclopedia that anyone can edit . "
[ How considerate of the Church of Satan to provide such as useful source of information , provided you know it is 100 % biased towards Zionist and Church of Allopathy interests i.e. keep the Medical Genocide going .
Medically wise , anyone can edit it in theory , but in practice Allopathic editors ( most known as Physicians Wikipedians , 178 of them , at the last count , 2007 ) will not allow any text critical to Allopathy or non-Allopathic thinking , delete any external links they do n't like ( eg : 1 ) , as well as deleting or attempting to delete pages they do n't like .
You can see some page deletion attempts here , whale .
to now completely erased .
All of the vaccine , disease pages and psychiatric drug pages ( basically just an on line PDF of BNF ) are written by Allopaths , and policed by Allopaths .
The main Allopath dealing with vaccination was known as Midgley .
All links to whale .
to were officially banned after rfc , even to original Smallpox vax books .
Now Whale .to is on what is called a " spam blacklist " block .
What are they afraid of ?
They are afraid of the truth on vaccination and the vaccine diseases , specifically source documents Books concerning smallpox vaccination .
Wikipedia is an absolute cesspit if you want to get the truth onto it regarding medicine and disease .
You will soon wish you had never even heard of the place .
There was one decent alt med editor fighting a valiant battle called Ombudsman , but he was thrown off recently ( 2009 ) .
One fine example is their deletion of Martin Walker 's page ( ref ) , yet comparatively inconsequential namesakes , one a director of Hull City football club ( ref ) and another a reporter ( ref ) are granted Wiki pages !
Something to bear in mind when they conjure up fatuous excuses ( an art form ) to delete pages they do n't like .
You can see how Pharma controlled Wikipedia downplays anecdotes which would destroy vaccination in Vaccine Injury Anecdotes Are No Joke by Sandy Gottstein . ]
See : Wikileaks Yellow Star of David http://www.truthwiki.org
Wikipedia Medical Lies
Susan Gerbic / Guerrilla Skepticism on Wikipedia [ HealthFraud ]
Articles
[ 2011 Aug ] Wikipedia Bias : Now You Can Do Something About It
An application called " Wikiscanner " proves that Wikipedia is edited by the FBI and CIA .
http://mileswmathis.com/wiki.html
[ 2010 Nov ] Wikipedia Shills for Zionist Hatemongers by Henry Makow Ph.D .
[ 2010 Oct ] Lawrence Solomon : Global warming propagandist slapped down
[ 2010 March ] Wiki-Rath The Soros Connection
[ 2009 ] Wiki - Rath .
How the facts are n’t welcome on Wikipedia when you challenge the interests of the multi-billion dollar drug industry
[ 2009 ] Wiki -Rath : Introducing ' MastCell '
The Jewish hand behind Internet
Why is Wikipedia Censoring Me? by James Bacque
why Wikipedia is a crap source of medical and other info and edited by drug industry camp followers
Examples : Urine therapy
External articles
Wikipedia and the Holocaust
The Jewish hand behind Internet - the Jews behind Google , Facebook , Wikipedia , Yahoo ! , MySpace , eBay ...
Wikipedia Burns My Books - and Me
Weird World of Wikipedia By Martin J. Walker
Fake Encyclopedia Wikipedia Deletes Alt. Media by URI DOWBENKO
Wikipedia : A Techno - Cult of Ignorance
Anti-Wikipedia 2 : The Rise of the Latrines
Points That Should Be on My Wikipedia Page , and Supporting Sources By Kevin Barrett
[ See this slanted piece ( ref ) about Hadwen 's his trial for manslaughter charges when he refused to use a vaccine and was consequently persecuted in an attempt to silence his anti-vaccine and anti-vivisection views . ]
Wikipedia Scanner
Baloney .
It 's not the criticsm we 're suppressing , it 's whale .
to. all the articles on whale are not acceptable .
Tabeh .
The ( un ) acceptability of whale .
to as an external link has been discussed on Talk : MMR vaccine , and I think nothing more needs to be said over here .
All I am doing is making sure your defamatory , confused and misinformed page does not get its traffic as a result of link placement in Wikipedia .
I think an Alexa ranking of 1,000,000 a year is not very high and no sign that your page is notable .
Today , 106,763 sites were getting more traffic than you .
This single user is the most tenacious anti-vaccine editor on Wikipedia , and has filled many articles with his choice anti-science on the subject of vaccination .
Everything sounds nice and NPOV , but when the matter is investigated one encounters dangerous lunacy , notoriety and dishonesty .
Viera Scheibner , for example , was touted ( by another editor ) as a scientist with scientific arguments against vaccination until it turned out she had not published more than one paper on a medical topic , was the recipient of the Australian Skeptics ' " Bent Spoon Award " and was the subject of an article in Vaccine detailing her views and modus operandi .
This has to stop .
I now remove links as " non-authoratitive " if they are full of Google ads or promote non-standard treatments .
JFW | T@lk 15:13 , 30 December 2005 ( UTC )
Now back to the actual discussion .
This all started because Wikipedia has a policy ( WP : NPOV ) that states explicitly that not every minority view needs mentioning .
You can say what you want , but most information on whale .
to is not widely accepted .
There is no reason to presume that the " external links " section of articles should not fall under the aegis of this NPOV policy .
Hence , links have been removed .
So far there has been no indication that this has changed , and I see no reason why we should suddenly be including links to whale .
Sorry .
I did n't really know where to put this notice ....
John ( Whaleto ) is now adding a " different " link to all of his articles ( ex. [ ref ] ) .
The link is http://www.vaccination.org.uk, which is quite obviously a copy of the whale .
to site , or a transfer of the contents to a different location .
I seem to be on his radar now , so I 'll go remove all the links I can find . -
Quacks [ See : Quack / crank , ' Pseudoscience ' & ' anti- science ' ]
Viera Scheibner Notoriety established in the study kindly identified by other authors .
Thankfully we are allowed to have articles on quacks .
" Viera Scheibner a notable vaccination critic and quack " .
-- CDN99 15:10 , 5 January 2006 ( UTC )
My intentions were the same as yours ( i.e. I agree alt . med. is pseudoscience ) ; it 's just that you had Category : Pseudoscience under Category : Alternative medicine , and vice versa .
I changed things so that Cat : Alt. med. was under Pseudoscience , but not the other way around .
You also had Cat : Professional CAM treatments under Cat :
Alt med , and vice versa .
But right now , Alt. med. is under Pseudoscience ( alt. med. is a subsection of pseudoscience ) and Fraud , and Pseudoscience is under Fraud .
Things were just a bit mixed up .
Ad hominem was the main argument used to ban whale .
to link [ See : ' Conspiracy theory ' , Ad Hominem ] :
I agree with 86.128.165.240 that information about vaccines and their side effects should not be suppressed .
However , the whale .
to link is not an appropriate source for this information because of the competing extremist information and conspiracy theories as outlined on the RFC on Talk : MMR vaccine .
As already reviewed by InvictaHOG , the commentary on Illuminati mind control , Jewish conspiracy , genocide via vaccination , Roman Catholics , psychic assassins , Mormons , Walter Cronkite , demons sacrificing girls for growth hormone , or links to alien implant removers distracts from the criticisms of vaccines and decreases the value of whale .
to link .
" You are right about whale .
to - the most important reason to reject it is because it is associated with paranoia .
I do n't believe that those with concerns about vaccination are necessarily paranoid and I do n't think that they should be represented by a site which devolves into paranoia and name - calling . "
InvictaHOG 18:30 , 10 December 2005 ( UTC )
They even banned the use of the word Allopath !
I have asked you in the past to desist from labeling users or groups of users as " allopaths " .
This is inflammatory , not contributory to the discussion , and in plain violation of WP : CIVIL .
You have now repeatedly done the same on Talk : Measles .
I am uninvolved in that discussion but observe that you are making the same basic policy violations as always .
As for Whaleto , the fact that I warred with him in the past does not mean I am disqualified from blocking him for sustained and interminable NPA and CIVIL violations .
I 'm prepared to do just that until John learns that calling others " allopaths " is WP : NPA and offtopic .
A TROPICAL cyclone heading for Fiji may be the worst cyclone to ever strike the South Pacific nation .
Fiji Meteorological Service senior forecaster , Matt Boterhoven , said Cyclone Tomas had intensified overnight and was now a category four storm .
Mr Boterhoven said the northern island of Vanua Levu was most at risk , with winds likely to peak at over 200 km /h in the next 24 hours .
" There 's going to be a whole lot of flooding , " he said late this morning .
" ( It 's a ) very destructive hurricane force area so they 'll be getting quiet a battering over the next 12 hours . "
According to local media reports , Cyclone Tomas claimed its first victim yesterday , when 31 - year - old Fijian woman was killed trying to save her family from being washed away in huge waves that crashed into the coast of Vanua Levu .
A spokeswoman for Fiji Police , Ema Mua , said the nation was undertaking last minute preparations for a " disastrous " thrashing .
" We were looking at the difference between the forces of all the cyclones that have happened in Fiji , " said Mua , as her colleagues hammered boards to windows .
" It 's moving very , very slowly but at the same time it 's picking up a lot , a lot , of force .
" That is why the categories have been proceeding .
" If it does n't lessen down then it could be the worst to ever hit the country . "
Australian tourist , Clare Melvin , said she was evacuated from her accommodation at Plantation Island yesterday afternoon .
" They basically said to us , ' If you 've got kids , you should go ' , " Ms Melvin said .
She had been holidaying in Fiji with her husband and two small children for a week .
" Everybody just jumped on this big boat and came back ( to the mainland ) and they just threw our luggage on the ground and we just all had to scramble for it , " she said .
" It was ridiculous . "
She said women were crying in the hotel lobby and everyone was " pretty scared " .
" All the Fijians are kind of freaking out themselves , you can tell , cause there 's no animals around , " the Sydneysider said .
" It 's unusually still .
It 's really weird .
" It 's just overcast and kind of dark , but yesterday afternoon the sky was a really strange colour , it was like dark orange and black . "
Tourism Fiji said Air New Zealand and V - Australia had cancelled all Fiji services until further notice and Air Pacific said it would postpone flights to Fiji ex-Auckland , Brisbane and Sydney until tomorrow .
Originally published as Fiji bunkers down for ' worst cyclone ever '
Employment matters , including Wage & Hour claims ( such as unpaid overtime )
Enforcement of noncompete and trade secret agreements
Allegations of wrongful termination , retaliation , and discrimination
Workers ' Compensation claims
Contract disputes
Rule Nisi enforcement proceedings
Insurance Coverage Disputes , and
Construction defect litigation .
In his capacity as an appellate attorney , Mr. Schwartz also drafts petitions for extraordinary writs and provides trial support to area attorneys , including researching complex issues , drafting motions and memoranda , and advising on preservation of issues for appeal .
Kenneth B. Schwartz , Esq. , represents employers , insurance carriers , and aggrieved individuals in litigation , trials , and appeals of business and employment matters , including the following :
In his capacity as an appellate attorney , Mr. Schwartz also drafts petitions for extraordinary writs and provides trial support to area attorneys , including researching complex issues , drafting motions and memoranda , and advising on preservation of issues for appeal .
Kenneth B. Schwartz , P.A. , serves clients primarily in Palm Beach County , including Boca Raton , Delray Beach , Boynton Beach , Lake Worth , West Palm Beach , Riviera Beach , Palm Beach Gardens , Greenacres , Atlantis , Manalapan , Hypoluxo , Jupiter , Tequesta , Juno Beach , Wellington , Highland Beach , Pahokee , Belle Glade , North Palm Beach , Lake Park , Palm Springs , Lake Clarke Shores , Royal Palm Beach .
The firm also serves : Broward County , including Deerfield Beach , Ft. Lauderdale , Hollywood , Coconut Creek , Coral Springs , Pompano Beach , Lighthouse Point , Hillsboro Beach , Tamarac , Wilton Manors , Lauderhill , Sunrise , Plantation , Weston , Pembroke Pines , Miramar , and Hallandale Beach ; Martin County , including Stuart , Hobe Sound , Indiantown , Jensen Beach , and Palm City ; and St. Lucie County , including Port St. Lucie and Ft. Pierce .
Depending on circumstance , Mr. Schwartz will accept cases from anywhere in the state .
For more information , please fill out our Contact Form or telephone our office directly .
News / Updates
Oscar - winning filmmaker talks “ Capitalism , ” politics and Oscars with Raw Story
Just over a year ago , Michael Moore vigorously campaigned for President Obama and the Democratic Party .
But watching them jettison the public option from health care legislation appears to have been the final straw .
“ These Democrats are a bunch of wusses , ” Moore told Raw Story in a hard - edged interview Wednesday .
“ They do n’t have the courage of their convictions .
They wo n’t stand and fight . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Health care is a uniquely important issue for the liberal filmmaker , whose 2007 documentary “ Sicko ” explored the heartbreaks and inequities in the US health care industry .
He says he ’s fed up with the Democrats ’ reticence to take on insurance companies .
“ It ’s embarrassing , it ’s disgusting and I wo n’t have it anymore , ” he told Raw Story , mocking them in a baby ’s voice .
“ I ’m sick of them . ”
His views on the Republicans ?
Well , at least they have cojones , Moore said .
“ You really have to admire the Republicans on some level , because they stand up for what they believe in , ” he said .
“ They come into town , and when they win , oh they win .
They come in with guns blazing . ”
Watch video of the interview at the bottom of the story .
ADVERTISEMENT
A social critic who believes his government regularly fails to stand up for working people , Moore also took aim at Sen.
Jim Bunning ’s ( R - KY ) single - handed five - day - long hold on an unemployment benefits extension .
“ I remember him as a kid , ” said the Michigan - born - and - raised filmmaker .
“ He was a pitcher for the Detroit Tigers .
He held the record for hitting the most number of batters with a baseball , beaning them …
He was an angry pitcher .
He was crazy then , and he ’s crazy now . ”
Moore said Bunning is doing to America ’s workforce what he did to America ’s batters many decades ago .
“ He ’s beaning the workers , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The Senate finally passed the unemployment benefits package late Tuesday after accepting a symbolic Bunning amendment .
“ Capitalism : A Love Story ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Moore ’s newest documentary , “ Capitalism : A Love Story , ” assails the rampant inequality of wealth in the United States , and is currently the eighth highest grossing documentary of all time .
Its controversial thesis is that capitalism and democracy are fundamentally incompatible because such a system will inevitably lead to a plutocracy where the wealthy control the means of power and take advantage of working people .
His problem is n’t the excesses of capitalism , he says , but rather in the concept itself .
“ Capitalism is in and of itself the problem , ” he told Raw Story .
“ Anytime the profit motive is the foundation for what you ’re doing , I think you ’re doomed . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
In the film , Moore mentions Western Europe and Japan as examples from which the United States can learn , but he said even they have their limitations .
“ I hail them only in the sense that they ’ve at least found a way to put a friendly face on capitalism , so it ’s a little less harsh than it is on their people here , ” he said .
“ But ultimately , they ’ll succumb to the same things , as we ’ve seen with Toyota , ” he averred .
“ Once they became the General Motors , the number one , they got more greedy .
They decided , ‘ why should we spend 7 cents on this little wire , when we can spend 4 ? ' ”
Fahrenheit Obama ?
Moore shot to the national spotlight by forcefully criticizing the war and national security policies of President George W. Bush in the 2004 “ Fahrenheit 9/11 , ” the highest grossing documentary of all time .
Would he consider making a follow - up film with a similarly critical look at President Obama ?
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Yes , I would consider that , absolutely , ” he said .
“ Unless we stop this escalation of the Afghanistan war , we are going to have to quit calling it Bush ’s war and call it Obama ’s war . ”
Though he ’s a frequent recipient of conservatives ’ ire , Moore rejected allegations that he ’s a partisan , noting that he regularly assailed President Bill Clinton during the 1990s , as he chastises Obama now .
“ I ’ve always made movies and television shows and written books where I ’ve tried to do my best to keep an eye on those in power , ” he said .
Four of Moore ’s flicks last decade cracked the box office ’s top 10 .
Two of those came after Fahrenheit 9/11 .
Yet some of his critics have labeled all his releases since the 2004 record - breaker a flop .
Is he cursed ?
ADVERTISEMENT
“ Oh man , ” Moore said with an exuberant laugh .
“ When I read something like that , it ’s so Orwellian .
It ’s like it ’s 1984 .
My movie becomes , like you said , the eighth largest grossing documentary of all time and — ‘ah that ’s a flop , he ’s all over . ’
I do n’t know what to do ! ”
Oscars
In the interview , Moore offered his takes on several of the top-rated movies of 2009 , and offered a glimpse into his thoughts as he prepared to vote for his favorite flicks in the year ’s fast - approaching annual Academy Awards .
“ The Hurt Locker ” :
I have mixed feelings about The Hurt Locker .
I think Kathryn Bigelow is an excellent filmmaker .
I really appreciate some of the things she said about the war …
But as a film , I think it ’s …
I mean you ’re on the edge of the seat during the whole film .
But if the bulk of the film is about , should you snip the red wire or the green wire , that would put anybody on the edge of their seats .
It ’s kind of an easy way …to tell a story and get you sort of on that emotional jag .
“ Avatar ” :
Avatar is a very brave and bold vision and statement about the times in which we live , but done as allegory , and set 200 years into the future .
“ Troubled Water ” ( Norwegian film ) :
ADVERTISEMENT
My favorite film of the year came from Norway , and it really did n’t get distributed in this country .
It ’s called Troubled Water .
I think it ’s out on DVD now .
I would do a Masters class in how this film was put together , so brilliant .
Others :
There were a number of good films this year and a number of them were n’t in the Oscar battle .
One was District 9 , [ which ] I really loved .
I loved Inglorious Basterds .
I loved the animated film Up .
Up in the Air I think said some really important things .
I think Jason Reitman ’s a great filmmaker .
This video is from Raw Story , uploaded March 4 , 2010 .
ADVERTISEMENT
Download video via RawReplay.com
Download audio : Michael Moore chats with Raw Story ’s Sahil Kapur
Nine alleged members of a right - wing Christian militia group that was girding for battle with the Antichrist were charged with plotting to kill a police officer and slaughter scores more by bombing the funeral — all in hopes of touching off an uprising against the US government .
Seven men and one woman believed to be part of the Michigan - based Hutaree militia were arrested over the weekend in raids in Michigan , Indiana and Ohio .
The ninth suspect was arrested Monday night after a search in rural southern Michigan .
FBI agents moved quickly against Hutaree because its members were planning an attack sometime in April , prosecutors said .
Authorities seized guns in the raids but would not say whether they found explosives .
The arrests have dealt " a severe blow to a dangerous organization that today stands accused of conspiring to levy war against the United States , " Attorney General Eric Holder said Monday .
Authorities said the arrests underscored the dangers of homegrown right - wing extremism of the sort seen in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that killed 168 people .
In an indictment , prosecutors said the group began military - style training in the Michigan woods in 2008 , learning how to shoot guns and make and set off bombs .
David Brian Stone , 44 , of Clayton , Michigan , and one of his sons were identified as ringleaders of the group .
Stone , who was known as " Captain Hutaree , " organized the group in paramilitary fashion and members were assigned secret names , prosecutors said .
Ranks ranged from " radoks " to " gunners , " according to the group 's Web site .
" It started out as a Christian thing , " Stone 's ex-wife , Donna Stone , told The Associated Press .
" You go to church .
You pray .
You take care of your family .
I think David started to take it a little too far . "
Donna Stone said her ex-husband pulled her son into the movement .
Another of David Stone 's sons was arrested Monday night about 30 miles ( 50 kilometers ) from the site of the weekend raid at a home where he was found with five other adults and a child .
Joshua Matthew Stone surrendered about 8 p.m. , said Andrew Arena , head of the FBI 's field office in Detroit .
Stone 's friends and relatives had recorded messages , urging him to surrender , that the FBI played over loudspeakers outside the home before he and the others came out willingly , Arena said .
" We 're guessing he 's been in there at least a day , " Arena said .
Arena said the other adults at the home were taken into custody and will be interviewed .
A determination will be made later about whether they might face charges , he said .
The child was 1 or 2 years old , Arena said .
Other details , including whether those in the house had weapons or were affiliated with Hutaree , were n't immediately released .
Prosecutors said David Stone had identified certain law enforcement officers near his home as potential targets .
He and other members discussed setting off bombs at a police funeral , using a fake emergency call to lure an officer to his death , killing an officer after a traffic stop , or attacking the family of an officer , according to the indictment .
After such attacks , the group allegedly planned to retreat to " rally points " protected by trip - wired explosives for a violent standoff with the law .
" It is believed by the Hutaree that this engagement would then serve as a catalyst for a more widespread uprising against the government , " the indictment said .
The charges against the eight include seditious conspiracy — plotting to levy war against the U.S. — possessing a firearm during a crime of violence , teaching the use of explosives , and attempting to use a weapon of mass destruction — homemade bombs .
Hutaree says on its
Web site its name means " Christian warrior " and describes the word as part of a secret language few are privileged to know .
The group quotes several Bible passages and declares : " We believe that one day , as prophecy says , there will be an Anti-Christ .
... Jesus wanted us to be ready to defend ourselves using the sword and stay alive using equipment . "
The nature of the organization 's alleged grudge against law enforcement and the government was unclear .
The Web site does not list specific grievances .
The site features a picture of 17 men in camouflage , all holding large guns , and includes videos of armed men running through the woods .
Each wears a shoulder patch that bears a cross and two red spears .
David Cid , executive director of the Oklahoma City - based Memorial Institute for the Prevention of Terrorism , said there has been a resurgence in the past year or two of " domestic militancy " similar to what was seen before the Oklahoma City bombing .
" It 's issues like eminent domain and immigration , and apparently national health care in some quarters , " said Cid , a former FBI counterterrorism agent .
" It 's increasing these people 's ire and their discomfort with their own government . "
The wife of one of the defendants described Hutaree as a small group of patriotic , Christian buddies who were just doing survival training .
" It consisted of a dad and two of his sons and I think just a couple other close friends of theirs , " said Kelly Sickles , who husband , Kristopher , was among those charged .
" It was supposed to be a Christian group .
Christ - like , right , so why would you think that 's something wrong with that , right ? "
Sickles said she came home Saturday night to find her house in Sandusky , Ohio , in disarray .
Agents seized the guns her husband collected as a hobby and searched for bomb - making materials , she said , but added : " He does n't even know how to make a bomb .
We had no bomb material here . "
She said she could n't believe her 27 - year - old husband could be involved in anything violent .
" It was just survival skills , " she said .
" That 's what they were learning .
And it 's just patriotism .
It 's in our Constitution . "
One of the defendants expressed anti-tax views during his Monday court hearing .
Thomas W. Piatek , a truck driver from Whiting , Ind. , told a federal judge he could not afford an attorney because he was " getting raped on property taxes . "
The mother of another defendant , 33 - year - old Jacob Ward , told police in Huron , Ohio , last summer that family members took away his two guns — an AK - 47 rifle and a semiautomatic pistol — because she thought he needed mental health treatment .
Ward told police he needed to protect himself from members of a crime family that was keeping him from his girlfriend , according to Huron police records obtained by the AP .
He also said he was going to meet with the CIA .
As unemployment benefits expired Monday for tens of thousands of jobless workers , Democrats and Republicans renewed their haggling over whether to vote for an extension when Congress returns from its spring break next week .
At the heart of the dispute is whether the extension should be offset by spending cuts , as Republicans are demanding , or whether it constitutes an emergency , as Democrats say .
The expiration means 212,000 unemployed people will lose benefits this week , according to figures provided by the National Employment Law Project .
In the latest round of skirmishing , Senate Democrats rejected Republican charges that they had backed away from a deal giving quick approval to a one - week extension , paid for with budget offsets , that would have kept unemployment checks coming until Congress reconvened .
“ There were a lot of conversations going on and things were moving very quickly , but no deals were made , ” said Jim Manley , a spokesman for Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev . ) .
Two weeks ago , when the Senate took up the question of a 30 - day extension already approved by the House , Sen . Tom Coburn ( R - Okla . ) objected that the $ 9 - billion price tag would add to the federal deficit .
The GOP objection raised the specter of a filibuster ; Democrats no longer have a filibuster - proof majority .
Democrats in both the House and Senate want the extension to be classified as emergency spending , which can be added to the deficit and does not have to be paid for with specific cuts or new revenue .
Manley said that agreeing to cut the budget to pay for the temporary extension would lock the government into a long - term commitment for a short - term result .
“ It is inexcusable and irresponsible for Republicans to once again block the extension of these benefits , ” Reid said in a statement .
The Senate is set for a cloture vote when Congress reconvenes Monday .
Christine Owens , executive director of the National Employment Law Project , warned in a statement Friday that the “ long slog of looking for work and surviving on jobless benefits is going to continue for millions of Americans . ”
“ It ’s Congress ’ job now to take effective and aggressive steps to create jobs and extend unemployment through the end of the year , so that the economy can get back on its feet , ” she said .
clement.tan@latimes.com
Tell Us Tuesday : Renting or Buying
Do you rent or have you bought your own house ?
We ’re renters .
For a long time it was because we could only afford our very small rent payment every month .
Then it was because the bank refused to give us a mortgage on the apartment we wanted to buy .
Now it ’s because I do n’t want to overextend our budget every month ; at the moment we pay a rent we can afford and have a bit of money to set aside every month as well .
Sure , it ’s a little less stable then being owners of our own home , but we ’re also not slaves to the real estate market .
Why have you made the decision you made as to owning or renting your home ?
Page not found
We apologize but the page you requested was not found .
Perhaps the web address or URL you entered was invalid , or
your search terms contained invalid characters .
Please try something different .
If the problem persists please call us at
866-636-2487 .
Annie Leonard talks trash better than anyone in America .
Leonard knows trash .
The force behind the viral video “ The Story of Stuff ” and one of Time magazine ’s 2008 “ Heroes of the Environment , ” Leonard is obsessed with what we throw away and why we have so much of it .
“ My goal is to make the invisible visible and have people think more comprehensively about life , ” says Leonard , from the back seat of a car somewhere between Portland , Ore. , and Seattle .
Leonard , a Berkeley , Calif. , resident and mother of a 10 - year - old daughter , is on the road promoting her new book “ The Story of Stuff : How Our Obsession Is Trashing the Planet , Our Communities , and Our Health — and a Vision for Change ” ( Free Press , $ 26 ) .
“ All this stuff came from somewhere .
And it goes somewhere , ” she says .
“ Everyone should visit a landfill . ”
Leonard knows landfills , from one end of the Earth to the other .
Visiting more than 30 countries over more than a decade , she ’s seen firsthand the impact of consumerism on the environment and human health .
Toxic chemicals are used in everything , she says , from electronics to pillowcases , without much thought to the latent effects on humans .
Compounding the problem is a relentless demand for new clothes , electronics and other consumer goods , otherwise known as “ planned obsolescence . ”
When we buy the new stuff , the old stuff goes into landfills or gets incinerated , releasing toxins into the air .
“ Products are not safe , ” she says .
“ Products are made to be disposed of as fast as possible . ”
Leonard ’s 20 - minute video uses cartoon stick figures to demonstrate the linear progression of “ stuff , ” from the extraction of resources , to the factory , to the store , to the consumer and , finally , to the landfill .
Since its release online in December 2007 , the video has garnered more than 8 million hits .
Her solutions to the problem are n’t limited to recycling .
She digs deeper , questioning the amount of usage to begin with , and posing the core question — does having more stuff really make us happier ?
In addition to her firsthand experience , Leonard ’s expertise comes from working in Washington for Ralph Nader and a number of environmental and consumer groups , including Greenpeace .
In doing so , she ’s become a lightning rod for the political right .
Conservatives target her point that it ’s the government ’s job to help its people rather than cater to big business .
Specifically , a line in her video —
“ It ’s the government ’s job to take care of us ” — has critics accusing her of being a socialist , among other things .
“ In hindsight , I probably should n’t have said that , ” she says .
“ ( But ) I think we need government .
All these corporations have shown they ca n’t be relied upon to do the right thing … the government should make ( using toxins ) illegal . ”
Bloggers accuse her of focusing only on what America consumes instead of what it produces ( one of her main points : With 5 percent of the world ’s population , the U.S. consumes 30 percent of the Earth ’s resources , damaging the ecosystems of other countries in the process ) .
Some say she exaggerates the effect of chemicals used in electronics , some of which they say are bound to the product and wo n’t allow particles to escape into the air , and that she ignores the fact that some technological advances she accuses of being part of “ planned obsolescence ” ( flat - screen TVs , for example ) lead to products that actually use less energy .
Iraqi doctors reportedly warn women not to have children ; Doctors pressured not to ’embarrass the United States ’ : claim
Birth defects in the Iraqi city of Fallujah have soared in recent years , with doctors saying advanced US weaponry such as white phosphorous and depleted uranium shells may have caused a “ massive , unprecedented number ” of congenital health problems .
ADVERTISEMENT
A BBC investigative report has found that the incidence of birth defects in Fallujah has reached a rate 13 times higher than that found in Europe .
One doctor at a US - built hospital in the city says the number of birth defects has spiked from one or two per month prior to the Iraq war to two or three per day today .
“ I am a doctor .
I have to be scientific in my talk .
I have nothing documented .
But I can tell you that year by year , the number [ is ] increasing , ” Dr. Samira al - Ani told the BBC .
Fallujah , about 40 miles west of Baghdad , was the site of a brutal 2004 battle that was arguably the largest campaign of the Iraq war .
The Pentagon admitted in 2005 that it had used white phosphorous munitions during the battle , as well as depleted uranium shells , which contain radioactive material .
BBC world affairs editor John Simpson said the Fallujah hospital ’s maternity ward is “ absolutely packed ” with babies suffering from congenital heart defects .
He says he was shown a picture of a three - headed baby , and saw children suffering from paralysis and brain damage .
ADVERTISEMENT
Researcher Malik Hamdan told the BBC he had seen footage of “ babies born with an eye in the middle of the forehead , the nose on the forehead . ”
Iraqi officials ‘ anxious not to embarrass the Americans ’
Simpson admits he can point to no concrete evidence of a spike in birth defects — principally because no study has ever been carried out on the situation in Fallujah .
ADVERTISEMENT
And he reports that the Iraqi government is seeking to downplay the medical problems .
Simpson says the Fallujah doctors who raised the alarm about birth defects were “ well aware that what they said went against the government version , and we were told privately that the Iraqi authorities are anxious not to embarrass the Americans over the issue . ”
Simpson further reported that he had “ heard many times ” that women in Fallujah were being warned not to have children .
ADVERTISEMENT
A report at the UK ’s Guardian last fall stated that the rise in birth defects “ may be linked to toxic materials left over from the fighting , ” but , lacking further research , the increase is “ unprecedented and at present unexplainable . ”
“ We are seeing a very significant increase in central nervous system anomalies , ” hospital director Dr. Ayman Qais told the Guardian .
“ Before 2003 [ the start of the war ] I was seeing sporadic numbers of deformities in babies .
Now the frequency of deformities has increased dramatically . ”
Fallujah is not the only place in Iraq where medical researchers are alarmed by high rates of childhood disease that they believe may be linked to the war .
ADVERTISEMENT
US and Canadian researchers have found that leukemia in children has nearly tripled in the southern city of Basra over the past 15 years .
Basra was the site of armed conflict even before the US invasion , and was a frequent site of violence during the Iran - Iraq war of 1980 - 1988 .
But much of the increase in leukemia came in the three years after the 2003 US invasion , the researchers found .
“ It ’s impossible to say without further study why ( rates in Basra ) are going up , ” researcher Tim Takaro said .
“ But this may be an unintended result of armed conflict . ”
SAN JOSE , Calif . --
The nine - stitch gash on Johan Franzen 's right cheek might not have felt so bad if the Detroit Red Wings forward was n't the one who ended up in the penalty box after being cut with a high stick .
Franzen was called for tripping late in the second period Thursday .
Valtteri Filppula was whistled for high - sticking less than a minute later .
Joe Pavelski then scored his second power - play goal of the game during a five - on - three advantage , 50 seconds into the third period .
It proved to be the difference in the San Jose Sharks ' 4 - 3 victory in Game 1 of the Western Conference semifinals at HP Pavilion .
Playing on just one day 's rest following a seven - game series against Phoenix was n't an issue for the Red Wings .
They skated well and battled back to make a game of it after a disastrous 2 - minute stretch midway through the first period , when San Jose scored three unanswered goals .
But they fell just short .
Going 0 - for - 5 on the power play did n't help .
Neither did the play on Franzen , who was clipped by Devin Setoguchi 's stick but received a tripping penalty .
Setoguchi escaped without any penalty , let alone a double - minor that ordinarily would have resulted from a sticking infraction that draws blood .
" I do n't think he was aware of me and I was n't aware of him , '' Franzen said .
" We both were trying to get our stick on the puck and I wound up going backwards , and he fell over me and got the stick up .
I guess they did n't see it was a high stick .
Maybe they thought it was a skate or something .
" I did n't feel good to get a penalty when you think they were going to get four ( minutes ) . ''
Said Red Wings captain Nicklas Lidstrom : " When ( Setoguchi ) fell , his stick came up and hit ( Franzen ) .
That 's what the refs told us .
That 's why he did n't call it . ''
SHARKS 4 , RED WINGS 3 Key play : Joe Pavelski scored what proved to be the winning goal 50 seconds into the third period during a five - on - three power play to give the Sharks a 4 - 2 lead .
Hero : Pavelski scored twice on the power play and is tied for the league lead with seven playoff goals .
Goat : Valtteri Filppula was in the penalty box for both of Pavelski's goals and had no points and one shot on goal .
Analysis : Coming off a seven - game series with just one day 's rest , the Red Wings had a great chance to steal the opener against a team missing its leading goal scorer during the regular season ( Patrick Marleau ) .
Going 0 - for - 5 on a power play that 's been hot and cold of late was the difference .
They managed only four shots on the power play , just 23 for the game , on a night when goaltender Evgeni Nabokov looked beatable .
Red Wings coach Mike Babcock chalked it up as a bad break .
" It 's easy to evaluate it after the fact , '' Babcock said .
" I think they thought ( Franzen ) had tripped and did n't realize he got it from that high stick in the face first . ''
Setoguchi also drew a high - sticking call on Filppula , falling to the ice in a heap , which prompted Babcock to remark : " That 's a penalty , it 's a slash for sure , but do n't dive and embellish it .
You 're from Western Canada , do n't do that ( stuff ) . ''
Pavelski fired a shot through Jimmy Howard 's five - hole from the side of the net to give his team a 4 - 2 lead .
" Howie would like to have that one , '' Babcock said .
" We had it all covered off .
That 's the way it is sometimes .
Those things happen . ''
Brian Rafalski scored at 2:57 of the third period to trim the deficit to 4 - 3 , but the Red Wings could not complete the comeback .
" We think we have a good team and it 's going to be a good series , '' Babcock said .
" I did n't think we played poorly or they tilted the rink .
They shot it in the net .
We made a couple of mistakes .
I think we can be better in our own zone and harder on their D. ''
The Sharks prevailed without Patrick Marleau , their leading goal scorer during the regular season , who is listed as day - to - day with an undisclosed injury .
" We got back on our heels a little bit , but we recovered well , did a lot of good things , worked our way back into the game , '' Detroit defenseman Brad Stuart said .
" Special teams were the difference .
If we find a way to get one by him on the power play , it 's a different game . ''
The Red Wings began chipping away at a 3 - 0 deficit in the first period when Dan Cleary scored at 11:40 , picking up his first point of the playoffs .
Franzen scored at 4:45 of the second period to trim the Sharks ' lead to 3 - 2 .
The Sharks exploded for three goals , all from the slot area , in a span of 1:39 midway through the first period to take a 3 - 0 lead .
Pavelski opened the scoring with a power - play goal at 9:05 .
Dany Heatley scored at 10:01 on a pass from Joe Thornton .
Setoguchi made it 3 - 0 23 seconds later after Ryane Clowe stole the puck from Niklas Kronwall along the boards .
" We did come back and play well in the second and third , but they played well in their own zone .
They did n't give us a whole lot , '' Lidstrom said .
" We battled back and gave ourselves a chance to win the game . ''
BOSTON ( Reuters ) -
The first U.S. offshore wind farm , a giant project 5 miles / 8 km off the Massachusetts coast , was approved on Wednesday after years of opposition involving everyone from local Indian tribes to the Kennedy family .
A power - generating windmill turbine operates in a wind farm on Backbone Mountain near Thomas , West Virginia August 28 , 2006 .
REUTERS / Jonathan Ernst
U.S. Interior Secretary Ken Salazar gave the green light for the historic 130 - turbine , 420 - megawatt Cape Wind project in Horseshoe Shoal , Nantucket Sound , in what supporters considered a huge step forward for renewable energy in the United States .
“ This project fits with the tradition of sustainable development in the area , ” Salazar said in Boston .
Although small in terms of its production -- the facility would produce enough electricity to power 400,000 houses -- its approval was encouraging to other offshore wind projects already proposed for the East Coast and Great Lakes .
The turbines , more than 400 feet high , will dot an area of about 24 square miles ( 62 square km ) , larger than Manhattan , and be visible low on the horizon from parts of Cape Cod .
The site is tucked between the mainland of the cape and the islands of Martha ’s Vineyard , an exclusive celebrity vacation destination , and Nantucket .
German conglomerate Siemens AG will provide the turbines .
Construction is expected to begin before the end of the year , said Jim Gordon , president of Cape Wind Associates .
Power generation could begin by 2012 .
The decision to approve Cape Wind , subject to certain conditions designed to protect offshore waters from damage and reduce visibility , is expected to face legal challenges , but Salazar said he was confident the approval would stand .
Supporters say wind farms represent a giant push for renewable energy efforts and reducing dependence on foreign oil , and fit well with the Obama administration ’s strategy .
“ Greenpeace has been campaigning to get the Cape Wind project built for nearly a decade , and today ’s victory is worth celebrating .
It is long overdue , ” said Kert Davies , research director at the environmental group .
YEARS OF REVIEW
Cape Wind was subject to years of environmental review and political maneuvering , including adamant opposition from the late Senator Edward M. Kennedy , whose six - acre ( 2.4 hectare ) family compound in Hyannis Port overlooks Nantucket Sound .
A final ruling was near in 2009 , but delayed again after two Wampanoag Indian tribes complained that the giant turbines would disturb spiritual sun greetings and possibly ancestral artifacts and burial grounds on the seabed .
Opponents have deemed the project an eyesore , and raised issues ranging from a detrimental effect on property values in the popular vacation area south of Boston , to possible damage to birds , whales , fishing , aviation , and historic sites .
U.S. Senator Scott Brown , the Republican elected this year to fill Kennedy ’s seat , criticized Wednesday ’s decision and said the project was a threat to regional tourism and fishing .
The Advisory Council on Historic Preservation , a federal agency in charge of safeguarding historic landmarks , recommended this month that the project be rejected .
The governors of six eastern U.S. states shot back in a letter to Salazar , arguing that other offshore projects will likely be abandoned if the Cape Wind project was rejected .
Salazar cited that letter as part of his decision .
“ We believe there is huge potential for offshore wind along the Atlantic .
We do n’t want to be second to anyone , ” he said .
U.S. wind generation increased by 27 percent last year , accounting for 2 percent of total electricity supplies , according to the Energy Department .
Wind power supports about 85,000 American jobs .
“ Renewable energy projects like these not only help fight climate change , they can create jobs and play a central role in our economic recovery , ” said Frances Beinecke , president of the Natural Resources Defense Council .
Several countries have achieved much higher levels of wind power generation , often with large government subsidies , including Denmark , Spain and Portugal .
Less than 2 percent of wind energy is offshore , but turbine makers see it as an area of huge growth potential .
Siemens rival General Electric
Co expects to increase its offshore business to generate $ 3 billion to $ 5 billion a year over the next few years , chief executive Jeff Immelt said at the company ’s annual meeting in Houston on Wednesday .
Tom King , president of the power company National Grid US , said talks with Cape Wind about purchasing its output are continuing .
BALTIMORE -- After Yankees assistant GM Jean Afterman heckled President Barack Obama at the White House on Monday , she initially felt comfortable with what she had said , then she felt " tremendous remorse . "
" Within a nanosecond , ' Oops , ' " Afterman said .
As the ceremony ended she reached out to the president , as he shook hands with the Yankees , to tell him she voted for him .
She also found one of his aides and asked the aide to tell the president , " I'm a huge supporter . "
During the ceremony in the East Room of the White House , President Obama , who had just professed his love for the Chicago White Sox and made some jokes at the Yankees and other teams ' expense , went to pick up the World Series trophy for a picture with Joe Girardi .
On the dais , Afterman sat with the rest of the Yankees .
" Let him hold it , " Afterman said loudly .
" He may not get another chance again . "
The president retorted , " And you wonder why the other teams do n't root for you . "
Afterman 's concern was not over having a repartee with the president , it was that her comments would be misconstrued as " Republican , " she said .
" I'm a huge supporter of the president , " Afterman told reporters prior to Tuesday 's Yankees - Orioles game .
" I have supported him since he announced his presidency .
I support virtually everything about his health plan .
I just want to put that out there .
With Geoffrey Batt
The ongoing troubles at the GSEs are no secret : it is public knowledge that Fannie had a 5.38 % delinquency rate at December , while Freddie just passed the 4 % threshold in January ; both continue to rise rapidly each month .
The fact that the mortgage - bond spread has just hit a record tight is merely an ongoing artifact of the Fed 's endless meddling in the mortgage market , with the sole purpose of keeping rates artificially low , and preventing banks from being forced to take massive writedowns on their entire loan book .
This is all well known .
What , however , seems to have escaped public attention is what the impact of these delinquencies is on the one largest holder of Mortgage Backed Securities , the Federal Reserve .
What also seems to have escaped the public is that the Fed is now the world 's largest bank , with total assets near $ 2.3 trillion .
We provide a weekly update of the Fed 's balance sheet and while we briefly note the liability side , our , and everyone else 's , attention , is traditionally focused on the asset side .
Yet a more detailed look at the liability side reveals something very troubling , specifically that the Fed 's capital , i.e. equity buffer , which as of most recently was $ 53.3 billion ( a comparable metric for plain vanilla banks is their equity buffer , or Tier 1 Capital , or however the FASB wants to define it on any given day when it is covering up massive capital shortfalls ) is in fact negligible and could well be substantially negative , if the Fed were to account for the rapidly rising level of delinquencies in its one largest asset holdings : the $ 1.027 trillion in settled MBS .
And while there is no possibility of a run on the Fed , the reality is that the Fed now likely runs with a negative real capital balance , meaning that the US Federal Reserve is now essentially insolvent .
First , we present the Fed 's assets broken down by key segments .
The chart below shows the most recently disclosed asset holdings as per the H.4.1 statement .
Of the $ 2.3 trillion in assets , the vast majority , or $ 1 trillion is held in MBS .
As pointed out previously , this is only the settled amount - in reality the Fed has already purchased $ 1.22 trillion in MBS , which will settle over time .
In practice , this merely means that the potential for asset impairment at the Fed is even greater by about 20 % .
The chart also shows what happens to MBS holdings if haircuts of 5 % , 10 % and 15 % are applied .
Like any balance sheet , where there are assets , there are liabilities , and some version of capital / equity .
The Fed 's liabilities are two principal components : currency in circulation , which has been at about $ 900 billion for an extended period of time , and the much more relevant recently line item called " Bank Deposits " , which has been popularized as Reserves with Federal Reserve Banks ( or excess reserves ) .
The Reserve line has increased from essentially nothing to nearly $ 1.3 trillion in the span of a few months .
Furthermore , as more and more MBS purchased are settled , the excess reserve line will soon reach at least $ 1.6 trillion , if not more , if indeed Q.E. 2 is launched at some point in the future .
The persistent discussions of potential inflation center precisely on the interplay between the green and blue blocks in the chart below : as long as the Currency in Circulation is flat , and Bank Deposits keep rising , the probability of inflation is slim to none .
In essence , excess reserves exist only due to the Taylor rule implied negative Fed Funds rate .
Should there be a material shift from green to blue , or from excess reserves to currency in circulation , that is when the hyperinflationary threat becomes all too real , as suddenly far too much money will chase a fixed amount of assets .
This is also where the discussion about all the various mechanisms that the Fed has at its disposal to moderate tightening comes into play , whether it involves selling of assets , increase of the rate on reserves , or some combination inbetween ( we point readers to yesterday 's paper from the Minneapolis Fed which discusses these options , and the caveats associated with each ) .
While the asset reallocation debate is very interesting , it is not the topic of this discussion .
The one item on the balance sheet that is often ignored , is the Fed 's " Equity " , or as it is defined , " Capital . "
As previously pointed out , this line item is currently $ 53.3 billion .
It is shown graphically in the leftmost column of the chart below , which depicts actual Fed liabilities .
Where the interesting part comes in , is when one analyzes what happens to the Fed 's capital when the abovementioned MBS haircuts are applied .
A 5 % realized haircut on MBS alone would result in a complete elimination of the Fed 's capital balance .
Applying a 10 % or even 15 % haircut , results in a capital deficiency of $ 50 billion and $ 100 billion respectively .
This deficiency will grow as more and more MBS are settled , and as the serious delinquency rate on MBS keeps increasing ( no danger in this moderating any time soon ) .
Now in an environment , such as the one we live in today , when mark - to - myth is the new normal , and when banks are encouraged to come up with creative ways to indicate that their Residential and Commercial Loan portfolios are worth par ( despite recent disclosures by the FDIC ) , to assume that the Fed would do something that lowly depositor banks are told not to do , would be folly .
Yet , for those who prefer to live away from Never Never land , and brave this thing called reality , just what will happen if and when the Fed finally does disclose that it is , for all intents and purposes , insolvent ?
The pragmatics among you will say : this is irrelevant , the Fed can just print more money and fill in any capital hole .
Well , yes and no .
As an increase in cash would have to be offset by a comparable increase in some asset , it is not that simple .
For a refined analysis of what would happen in that moment of clarity when the world realizes the world 's biggest bank is broke , we turn to a presentation by Chris Sims , given before Princeton University , titled " Fiscal / Monetary Coordination When The Anchor Cable Has Snapped . "
We encourage all readers to read this powerpoint cover to cover , as it discusses precisely the issues were are faced with today : namely a monetary policy that has run amok , seignorage , exploding excess reserves , the impact of these on " power money " , and , in general , a Fed balance sheet that is increasingly reminiscent of a drunk , rapid and schizophrenic bull in a China store .
Among other relevant things we note that as the author points - out that " Interest bearing deposits at the Fed do not ( yet ) count against the Federal debt ceiling " and " if substantial interest is paid on reserves , they could constitute a major leak in the US system for legislative control of debt creation or they are not backed by the full faith and credit of the US government , which has implications for inflation control " - the consequences here are material - with a $ 1 trillion plus in vacuum interest - collecting paper which in all other world would be counted toward the debt ceiling , the US debt subject to limit would increase from the $ 12.5 trillion currently to about $ 13.7 trillion .
Add in $ 6 trillion from the GSEs and America is already at the dreaded $ 20 trillion threshold .
And furthermore , what happens to the interest payments by the Fed should rates go up to 100 bps , 200 bps ?
On $ 1.6 trillion in excess reserves this is a material amount that would reinforce inflation in a circular loop , further justifying why the Fed is mortally worried about a rise in rates .
As for the topic at hand , we turn to pp 23 - 24 of the presentation :
Central bank operations generate fluctuating levels of net earnings ( seigniorage ) , most of which are turned over to the Treasury as revenue
Central bank balance sheets sometimes go into the red .
The Treasury may then recapitalize it by creating , and giving to the central bank , new government debt
[ The Fed 's ] Independence meant that the legislature and the Treasury did not complain [ much ] about seignorage fluctuations or about the effect of interest rate changes on the Treasury 's interest expense
Fed can always " print money " to pay its bills .
There is no possibility of a run on the Fed , since its liabilities make no conversion promise .
A commitment to a path for inflation or the price level makes the balance sheet matter .
Without Treasury backing , the Fed must rely on seigniorage to raise revenues , and that can conflict with inflation - control goals .
So here is the crux of the issue : the only way to deal with a mark - to - market of the Fed currently is to embrace monetization .
It is no longer a question of semantics , of who promised what : it is the only mechanical way by which the Fed can dig itself out of a capital deficiency .
With GSE delinquencies exploding , and with the Fed ( and Congress ) singlehandedly facilitating imprudent lender policy by allowing ever more borrowers to become deliquent without consequences , the MBS delinquency rate will likely hit 10 % over the next 6 - 12 months .
At that moment , someone will ask the Fed : " what is the true basis of your capital account ? "
And when the Fed is forced to justify a valid response , is when monetizaton will begin .
Since the market deals in expectation absolutes , all it would take for rates to breach the inflection point black swan and commence going up , is the mere possibility of open monetization .
What we hope to show with this exercise is that no course of action , even the one currently employed by the Fed , can continue in perpetuity : you can't have infinitely low housing rates in an environment of exploding delinquencies , as even more MBS are onboarded on the taxpayer 's balance sheet .
The reality is that inflationary conerns will come to a fore , and have a material impact on rates , the second all these speculations are voiced in a more reputable arena .
At that point the game will be up ; the Fed 's attempt to continue the status quo will be over , and the relentless rise up in rates will begin , culminating with the long - awaited Minsky moment .
As for the timing of this development ?
We will join the Bob Janjuah camp on this one .
While few have the guts to take the money printer head on , doing so early is certainly suicidal .
Yet with each passing day , all those who are fully aware that the Fed 's course is one of self - destruction , grow bolder , until finally one day a new class of investors - the Fed vigilantes will emerge , looking for cheap opportunities to make a killing ( think ABX ) on the other side of the " Fed trade " , which ultimately will lead to a systemic catharsis of unprecedented proportions .
At that point neither gold , nor lead will be in any way useful .
Beta and gamma radiation will make sure of that .
There is much speculation that this kerfluffle over 1,600 theoretical apartments on the wrong side of the green line in Jerusalem will lead to a rupture in American - Israeli relations , but analysts who suggest this are missing the point of President Obama 's maneuverings .
I 've been on the phone with many of the usual suspects ( White House and otherwise ) , and I think it 's fair to say that Obama is not trying to destroy America 's relations with Israel ; he 's trying to organize Tzipi Livni 's campaign for prime minister , or at least for her inclusion in a broad - based centrist government .
I 'm not actually suggesting that the White House is directly meddling in internal Israeli politics , but it 's clear to everyone -- at the White House , at the State Department , at Goldblog -- that no progress will be made on any front if Avigdor Lieberman 's far - right party , Yisrael Beiteinu , and Eli Yishai 's fundamentalist Shas Party , remain in Netanyahu 's surpassingly fragile coalition .
So what is the goal ?
The goal is force a rupture in the governing coalition that will make it necessary for Netanyahu to take into his government Livni 's centrist Kadima Party ( he has already tried to do this , but too much on his terms ) and form a broad , 68 - seat majority in Knesset that does not have to rely on gangsters , messianists and medievalists for votes .
It 's up to Livni , of course , to recognize that it is in Israel 's best interests to join a government with Netanyahu and Barak , and I , for one , hope she puts the interests of Israel ahead of her own ambitions .
Obama knows that this sort of stable , centrist coalition is the key to success .
He would rather , I understand , not have to deal with Netanyahu at all -- people near the President say that , for one thing , Obama does n't think that Netanyahu is very bright , and there is no chemistry at all between the two men -- but he'd rather have a Netanyahu who is being pressured from his left than a Netanyahu who is being pressured from the right .
This post does not attempt to convince you to use bundler , or compare it to alternatives .
Instead , I will try to articulate some of the problems that bundler tries to solve , since people have often asked .
To be clear , users of bundler should not need to understand these issues , but some might be curious .
If you 're looking for information on bundler usage , check out the official Bundler site .
Dependency Resolution
This is the problem most associated with bundler .
In short , by asking you to list all of your dependencies in a single manifest , bundler can determine , up front , a valid list of all of the gems and versions needed to satisfy that manifest .
Here is a simple example of this problem :
$ gem install thin Successfully installed rack - 1.1.0 Successfully installed eventmachine - 0.12.10 Successfully installed daemons - 1.0.10 Successfully installed thin - 1.2.7 4 gems installed $ gem install rails Successfully installed activesupport - 2.3.5 Successfully installed activerecord - 2.3.5
Successfully installed rack - 1.0.1
Successfully installed actionpack - 2.3.5 Successfully installed actionmailer - 2.3.5 Successfully installed activeresource - 2.3.5
Successfully installed rails - 2.3.5 7 gems installed $ gem dependency actionpack -v 2.3.5 Gem actionpack - 2.3.5 activesupport ( = 2.3.5 , runtime ) rack ( ~> 1.0.0 , runtime ) $ gem dependency thin Gem thin - 1.2.7 daemons ( >= 1.0.9 , runtime ) eventmachine ( >= 0.12.6 , runtime ) rack ( >= 1.0.0 , runtime ) $ irb >> require " thin " => true >> require " actionpack " Gem :: LoadError : can't activate rack ( ~> 1.0.0 , runtime ) for [ " actionpack - 2.3.5 " ] , already activated rack - 1.1.0 for [ " thin -1.2.7 " ]
What happened here ?
Thin declares that it can support any version of Rack above 1.0 .
ActionPack declares that it can support versions 1.0.x of Rack .
When we require thin , it looks for the highest version of Rack that thin can support ( 1.1 ) , and makes it available on the load path .
When we require actionpack , it notes that the version of Rack already on the load path ( 1.1 ) is incompatible with actionpack ( which requires 1.0.x ) and throws an exception .
Thankfully , newer versions of Rubygems provide reasonable information about exactly what gem ( " thin 1.2.7 " ) put Rack 1.1.0 on the load path .
Unfortunately , there is often nothing the end user can do about it .
Rails could theoretically solve this problem by loosening its Rack requirement , but that would mean that ActionPack declared compatibility with any future version of Rack , a declaration ActionPack is unwilling to make .
The user can solve this problem by carefully ordering requires , but the user is never in control of all requires , so the process of figuring out the right order to require all dependencies can get quite tricky .
It is conceptually possible in this case , but it gets extremely hard when more than a few dependencies are in play ( as in Rails 3 ) .
Groups of Dependencies
When writing applications for deployments , developers commonly want to group their dependencies .
For instance , you might use SQLite in development but Postgres in production .
For most people , the most important part of the grouping problem is making it possible to install the gems in their Gemfile , except the ones in specific groups .
This introduces two additional problems .
First , consider the following Gemfile :
gem " rails " , " 2.3.5 " group : production do gem " thin " end
Bundler allows you to install the gems in a Gemfile minus the gems in a specific group by running bundle install -- without production .
In this case , since rails depends on Rack , specifying that you do n't want to include thin means no thin , no daemons and no eventmachine but yes rack .
In other words , we want to exclude the gems in the group specified , and any dependencies of those gems that are not dependencies of other gems .
Second , consider the following Gemfile :
gem " soap4r " , " 1.5.8 " group : production do gem " dm- salesforce " , " 0.10.3 " end
The soap4r gem depends on httpclient >= 2.1.1 , while the dm- salesforce gem depends on httpclient = 2.1.5.2 .
Initially , when you did bundle install -- without production , we did not include gems in the production group in the dependency resolution process .
In this case , consider the case where httpclient 2.1.5.2 and httpclient 2.2 exist on Rubyforge.org .
In development mode , your app will use the latest version ( 2.2 ) , but in production , when dm - salesforce is included , the older version will be used .
Note that this happened even though you specified only hard versions at the top level , because not all gems use hard versions as their dependencies .
To solve this problem , Bundler downloads ( but does not install ) all gems , including gems in groups that you exclude ( via -- without ) .
This allows you to specify gems with C extensions that can only compile in production ( or testing requirements that depend on OSX for compilation ) while maintaining a coherent list of gems used across all of these environments .
System Gems
In 0.8 and before , bundler installed all gems in the local application .
This provided a neat sandbox , but broke the normal path for running a new Rails app :
$ gem install rails $ rails myapp $ cd myapp $ rails server
Instead , in 0.8 , you 'd have to do :
$ gem install rails $ rails myapp $ cd myapp $ gem bundle $ rails server
Note that the gem bundle command became bundle install in Bundler 0.9 .
In addition , this meant that Bundler needed to download and install commonly used gems over and over again if you were working on multiple apps .
Finally , every time you changed the Gemfile , you needed to run gem bundle again , adding a " build step " that broke the flow of early Rails application .
In Bundler 0.9 , we listened to this feedback , making it possible for bundler to use gems installed in the system .
This meant that the ideal Rails installation steps could work , and you could share common gems between applications .
However , there were a few complications .
Since we now use gems installed in the system , Bundler resolves the dependencies in your Gemfile against your system sources at runtime , making a list of all of the gems to push onto the load path .
Calling Bundler.setup kicks off this process .
If you specified some gems not to install , we needed to make sure bundler did not try to find those gems in the system .
In order to solve this problem , we create a . bundle directory inside your application that remembers any settings that need to persist across bundler invocations .
Unfortunately , this meant that we could n't simply have people run sudo bundle install because root would own your application 's . bundle directory .
On OSX , root owns all paths that are , by default , in $ PATH .
It also owns the default GEM_HOME .
This has two consequences .
First , we could not trivially install executables from bundled gems into a system path .
Second , we could not trivially install gems into a place that gem list would see .
In 0.9 , we solved this problem by placing gems installed by bundler into BUNDLE_PATH , which defaults to ~/.bundle /#{RUBY_ENGINE}/#{RUBY_VERSION} . rvm , which does not install executables or gems into a path owned by root , helpfully sets BUNDLE_PATH to the same location as GEM_HOME .
This means that when using rvm , gems installed via bundle install appear in gem list .
This also means that when not using rvm , you need to use bundle exec to place the executables installed by bundler onto the path and set up the environment .
In 0.10 , we plan to bump up the permissions ( by shelling out to sudo ) when installing gems so we can install to the default GEM_HOME and install executables to a location on the $ PATH .
This will make executables created by bundle install available without bundle exec and will make gems installed by bundle install available to gem list on OSX without rvm .
Another complication : because gems no longer live in your application , we needed a way to snapshot the list of all versions of all gems used at a particular time , to ensure consistent versions across machines and across deployments .
We solved this problem by introducing a new command , bundle lock , which created a file called Gemfile .
lock with a serialized representation of all versions of all gems in use .
However , in order to make Gemfile .
lock useful , it would need to work in development , testing , and production , even if you ran bundle install -- without production in development and then ran bundle lock .
Since we had already decided that we needed to download ( but not install ) gems even if they were excluded by -- without , we could easily include all gems ( including those from excluded groups ) in the Gemfile .
lock .
Initially , we did n't serialize groups exactly right in the Gemfile .
lock causing inconsistencies between how groups behaved in unlocked and locked mode .
Fixing this required a small change in the lock file format , which caused a small amount of frustration by users of early versions of Bundler 0.9 .
Git
Very early ( 0.5 era ) we decided that we would support prerelease " gems " that lived in git repositories .
At first , we figured we could just clone the git repositories and add the lib directory to the load path when the user ran Bundler . setup .
We abstracted away the idea of " gem source " , making it possible for gems to be found in system rubygems , remote rubygems , or git repositories .
To specify that a gem was located in a git " source " , you could say :
gem " rspec-core " , " 2.0.0.beta.6 " , :git => " git://github.com/rspec/rspec-core.git "
This says : " You 'll find version 2.0.0.beta.6 in git://github.com/rspec/rspec-core.git " .
However , there were a number of issues involving git repositories .
First , if a prerelease gem had dependencies , we'd want to include those dependencies in the dependency graph .
However , simply trying to run rake build was a nonstarter , as a huge number of prerelease gems have dependencies in their rake file that are only available to a tool like bundler once the gem is built ( a chicken and egg problem ) .
On the flip side , if another gem depended on a gem provided by a git repository , we were asking users to supply the version , an error - prone process since the version could change in the git repository and bundler would n't be the wiser .
To solve this , we asked gem authors to put a . gemspec in the root of their repository , which would allow us to see the dependencies .
A lot of people were familiar with this process , since github had used it for a while for automatically generating gems from git repositories .
At first , we assumed ( like github did ) that we could execute the .gemspec standalone , out of the context of its original repository .
This allowed us to avoid cloning the full repository simply to resolve dependencies .
However , a number of gems required files that were in the repository ( most commonly , they required a version file from the gem itself to avoid duplication ) , so we modified bundler to do a full checkout of the repository so we could execute the gemspec in its original context .
Next , we found that a number of git repositories ( notably , Rails ) actually contained a number of gems .
To support this , we allowed any number of . gemspec files in a repository , and would evaluate each in the context of its root .
This meant that a git repository was more analogous to a gem source ( like Rubygems.org ) than a single .gem file .
Soon enough , people started complaining that they tried to use prerelease gems like nokogiri from git and bundler was n't compiling C extensions .
This proved tricky , because the process that Rubygems uses to compile C extensions is more than a few lines , and we wanted to reuse the logic if possible .
In most cases , we were able to solve this problem by having bundler run gem build gem_name .
gemspec on the gemspec , and using Rubygems ' native C extension process to compile the gem .
In a related problem , we started receiving reports that bundler could n't find rake while trying to compile C extensions .
It turns out that Rubygems supports a rake compile mode if you use s.extensions = % w ( Rakefile ) or something containing mkrf .
This essentially means that Rubygems itself has an implicit dependency on Rake .
Since we sort the installed gems to make sure that dependencies get installed before the gems that depend on them , we needed to make sure that Rake was installed before any gem .
For git gems , we needed to make sure that Gemfile .
lock remembered the exact revision used when bundler took the snapshot .
This required some more abstraction , so sources could provide and load in agnostic information that they could use to reinstall everything identically to when bundler took the snapshot .
If a git gem did n't supply a . gemspec , we needed to create a fake . gemspec that we could use throughout the process , based on the name and version the user specified for the repository .
This would allow it to participate in the dependency resolution process , even if the repository itself did n't provide a .gemspec .
If a repository did provide a . gemspec , and the user supplied a version or version range , we needed to confirm that the version provided matched the version specified in the .gemspec .
We checked out the git repositories into BUNDLE_PATH ( again , defaulting to ~/.bundle /#{RUBY_ENGINE}/#{RUBY_VERSION} or $ GEM_HOME with rvm ) using the -- bare option .
This allows us to share git repositories like the rails repository , and then make local checkouts of specific revisions , branches or tags as specified by individual Gemfile s .
One final problem , if your Gemfile looks like this :
source " http://rubygems.org " gem " nokogiri " gem " rails " , : git => " git://github.com/rails/rails.git " , : tag => " v2.3.4 "
You do not expect bundler to pull in the version from Rubygems.org , even though it 's newer .
Because bundler treats the git repository as a gem source , it initially pulled in the latest version of the gem , regardless of the source .
To solve this problem , we added the concept of " pinned dependencies " to the dependency resolver , allowing us to ask it to skip traversing paths that got the rails dependencies from other sources .
Paths
Now that we had git repositories working , it was a hop , skip and jump to support any path .
We could use all of the same heuristics as we used for git repositories ( including using gem build to install C extensions and having multiple version ) on any path in the file system .
With so many sources in the mix , we started seeing cases where people had different gems with the exact same name and version in different sources .
Most commonly , people would have created a gem from a local checkout of something ( like Rack ) , and then , when the final version of the gem was released to Rubygems.org , we were still using the version installed locally .
We tried to solve this problem by forcing a lookup in Rubygems.org for a gem , but this contrasted with people who did n't want to have to hit a remote repository when they had all the gems locally .
When we first started talking to early adopters , they were incredulous that this could happen .
" If you do something stupid like that , f*** you " .
One by one , those very same people fell victim to the " bug " .
Unfortunately , it manifests itself as can't find active_support / core_ext / something_new , which is extremely confusing and can appear to be a generic " bundler bug " .
This is especially problematic if the dependencies change in two copies of the gem with identical names and versions .
To solve this problem , we decided that if you had snapshotted the repository via bundle lock and had all of the required gems on your local machine , we would not try to hit a remote .
However , if you run bundle install otherwise , we always check to see if there is a newer version in the remote .
In fact , this class of error ( two different copies of the gems with the same name and version ) has resulting in a fairly intricate prioritization system , which can be different in different scenarios .
Unfortunately , the principle of least surprise requires that we tweak these priorities for different scenarios .
While it seems that we could just say " if you rake install a gem you 're on your own " , it 's very common , and people expect things to mostly work even in this scenario .
Small tweaks to these priorities have also resulted in small changes in behavior between versions of 0.9 ( but only in cases where the exact same name and versioned gems , in different sources , provides different code ) .
In fact , because of the overall complexity of the problem , and because of different ways that these features can interact , very small tweaks to different parts of the system can result in unexpected changes .
We 've gotten pretty good at seeing the likely outcome of these tweaks , but they can be baffling to users of bundler .
A major goal of the lead - in to 1.0 has been to increase determinism , even in cases where we have to arbitrarily pick a " right " answer .
Conclusion
This is just a small smattering of some of the problems we 've encountered while working on bundler .
Because the problem is non-trivial ( and parts are np- complete ) , adding an apparently simple feature can upset the equilibrium of the entire system .
More frustratingly , adding features can sometimes change " undefined " behavior that accidentally breaks a working system as a result of an upgrade .
As we head into 0.10 and 1.0 , we hope to add some additional features to smooth out the typical workflows , while stabilizing some of the seeming indeterminism in Bundler today .
One example is imposing a standard require order for gems in the Gemfile , which is currently " undefined " .
Thanks for listening , and getting to the end of this very long post .
Bosch 2607335248 & 2607335252 battery 14.4v cordless power tools
Replacement Bosch 2607335248 & 2607335252 battery pack , rechargeable 14.4 volt cordless power compatible batteries at low price
When you receive your new battery from us you should charge it , this will not take long as it will be delivered with a good charge in it .
As in keeping with all new rechargeable batteries you may note that it will take several uses in your cordless tool and subsequent resulting charge for it to be able to accept and full capacity charge , this is the normal way of conditioning a battery .
Bosch 2607335248
Bosch 2607335252
This range of tools by Bosch that these batteries fit might be classed as old , true they have been around for many years , but they were made in a different time , they are far better than anything you will probably be able to buy on the high street now , as long as they have been looked after they will last for many years yet , you can not say the say about of newer tools , getting a new battery makes excellent commercial sense
To take care of your new Bosch 2607335248 or 2607335252 battery is quite easy , just remember it needs a charge , if you do not use them often then charge before putting away and every 8 weeks but do not leave on the charger , just until fully charged
They fit all of the tools in the range , we have listed some of them here to help you , but if yours has the codes mentioned above printed on the battery near the stalk then its the correct one for you
GLI14.4V
GSR14.4VE2
GSR14.4VPE-2
GSB14.4VE-2
GSR14,4 VES -2
PSR14.4VE
PSR14.4VES-2
SR14.4VE-2
3610K
3610 -K10
3612
3615K
3650
3650K
3655K
B2610
Type : Ni-MH - it will replace the older NI - CD batteries and fit the chargers
Voltage : 14.4 Volt
Capacity : 1500 mAh , 1.5 ah
If you have a big project coming up or use your tools a lot you might be interested in upgrading the battery to a 3ah version , it will be able to do twice as much work on a single charge and still work in your charger , the link to it will be further down the page
Colour : Black
BAGHDAD — Extremist board - trick crew Al - J'Aqasse , the Middle East 's most prominent Islamic radical snowboard posse , is taking full props for destroying the American embassy when a member nailed a goofyfoot 720 nosehook from a security - barrier railgrind into its offices while carrying 25 kilos of C4 plastic explosives , Thrashzeera magazine reported Tuesday .
One of Al - J'Aqasse most radical , gnarliest members .
Advertisement
" In the name of Allah the Merciful , this rad shit is off the hook , yo !
Death to the great Satan ! "
Al - J'Aqasse members shouted in a videotaped , System Of A Down–soundtracked statement posted on the magazine 's website , which is denouncing the bombing as " totally sick and twizted . "
" Satan ! Satan !
Satan !
Al - J'Aqasse blowing up across the M - E ! " one member added .
American security is not certain how Al - J'Aqasse was allowed to build their custom snowpipe - ramp setup across the street from the embassy , but banners and promotional materials scattered across the blast zone point to the involvement of radical , extreme - sports - beverage bottler Sunni Delight .
by Unity
I believe that I ’m about to make a bit of nuisance of myself for reasons that I ’m happy to share with you even if it means disclosing a bit of personal information along the way .
I ’ve got two kids , the oldest of which turns 18 in a couple of months .
He currently attends the 6th form of a local state school , where he ’s currently studying for 3 A Levels .
This morning , I received a letter from the school , produced jointly with the local Plods , that , after a bit of boiler plate waffle about the government ’s Tackling Knives Action Plan and why knive are serious issue , dropped out the following bombshell :
West Midlands
Police continue to support our educational establishments and we will be conducting random anti-knife searches at undisclosed times in partnership with [ name of school ] .
I would like to stress that there are no reported issues regarding knives within the [ school ] , but like us , the [ school ] feels that young people need to be aware of the potential dangers of carrying a knife .
In order to implement this incentive ( sic ) it is my duty to inform parents / guardian ’s ( sic ) that during summer term West Midlands Police and [ name of school ] will be implementing random searches with students as a condition of entry into the building in accordance with current legislation .
Aside from noting the typically abysmal grammar – a grocers ’ apostrophe and the desciption of random body searches as an ‘ incentive ’ rather than an ‘ initiative ’ – it seems the one of the major dangers here is that of having your civil liberties infringed on the basis of a bullshit argument that fundamentally misrepresents the legal authority of the Police and , especially , the school and its Headteacher .
So far , I ’ve shot a quick email off to the school asking them to clarify exactly which piece of legislation they ’re attempting to rely on here , but only because I want to make them squirm before delivering the coup de grace .
I ’ve already done my research here and unless the local Plods are planning to designate the school under the infamous section 44 of the Terrorism Act 2000 – and trust me , you ’ll be the first to know if they try that crap on – then the relevant legislation here is section 242 of the Apprencticeships , Skills , Children and Learning Act 2009 , which amends the Education Act 1996 as follows :
242 Power of members of staff to search pupils for prohibited items : England ( 1 ) After section 550A of the Education Act 1996 ( c. 56 ) insert —
“ Powers to search pupils 550 ZA Power of members of staff to search pupils for prohibited items : England ( 1 ) This section applies where a member of staff of a school in England — ( a ) has reasonable grounds for suspecting that a pupil at the school may have a prohibited item with him or her or in his or her possessions ; and ( b ) falls within section 550 ZB ( 1 ) .
For the sake of completeness Section 500 ZB ( 1 ) simply delinaeates which members of staff have the legal power to carry out a search , which is either the Headteacher or someone acting on the Head ’s authority all of which is fairly irrelevant .
What does matter here are the words ‘ has reasonable grounds for suspecting ’ , which clearly indicate that the powers granted to Headteachers by the extent do not extend to authorising random body searches on students .
That being the case , and unless something snuck through the wash - up to alter this situation , this new initiative is going to happen .
Not only does it constitute a breach of civil liberties and , of course , HRA / ECHR but the Headteacher ’s decision to implement random body searches is clearly ultra vires and vastly exceeds the legal powers granted to him in primary legislation .
As the name of the school , that I ’ll withhold for the moment ; I do n’t want to completely blow a story that I can easily place with the local press and , to be scrupulously fair , I want to give the school a chance to back down of its own accord before deploying the heavy artillery
In the mean time , I ’ll be advising my son not to submit to a body search and to pass the information that the school does not have the right to conduct random searches on to his friends and schoolmates …
… because that ’s what I consider to be citizenship education .
Yulia Tymoshenko said she would only step down as a last resort Ukraine 's parliament has passed a motion of no-confidence in Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko's government .
She and her cabinet will now have to resign , while the new president , Viktor Yanukovych , will try to assemble a new coalition in parliament .
If he fails , the country will face snap parliamentary elections .
Despite defeat in recent presidential elections , Mrs Tymoshenko resisted pressure to quit , saying she would only go into opposition as a last resort .
But before the vote on Wednesday she indicated her cabinet would not stay on as a caretaker government .
" If the dismissal of the government is passed today , at that very same moment our government will leave the cabinet .
Our political force will cross into the opposition , " she said .
Her new goal would be to hold Mr Yanukovych to account , she said .
" We will protect Ukraine from this new calamity that has befallen her , " she said .
The motion did pass , gaining the backing of 243 out of the chamber 's 450 MPs .
It was reported that seven members of Mrs Tymoshenko's bloc voted against her .
Coalition talks
On Tuesday the speaker of parliament said Mrs Tymoshenko's coalition had officially collapsed , as it had failed to prove it had a majority .
As well as Mrs Tymoshenko's own bloc , the coalition also included a bloc linked to former President Viktor Yushchenko , and a third led by the speaker of parliament , Volodymyr Lytvyn .
Mr Yanukovych 's Party of the Regions has been in opposition , but he wants to bring it into government .
He now has 30 days to form a new coalition , and 60 days to form a government .
If he is unable to do so , he will have to call fresh parliamentary elections .
The Party of Regions has named its deputy leader , Mykola Azarov , as its candidate for prime minister .
He said he expected coalition talks to be " finalised in the coming days " .
The three - way rivalry between Mrs Tymoshenko , Mr Yanukovych and former President Yushchenko has left Ukraine in political deadlock for several years , undermining its ability to deal with a severe economic crisis .
Analysts said as long as Mrs Tymoshenko remained at the head of the government , the stalemate was likely to continue .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A group of Christian researchers claimed on Tuesday they have found the remains of Noah ’s Ark , located four kilometres up the side of Turkey ’s Mt. Ararat .
The famed mount is the biblical docking point of the vessel , which carried Noah , his family and representatives of all the world ’s animals safely while God flooded the Earth .
In the Book of Genesis , the ark is said to have come to rest in the “ mountains of Ararat . ”
Explorers , adventurers and mystics have sought the ark for centuries , poring over the mountain range which straddles the Turkish border with Armenia .
Now a group called Noah ’s Ark Ministries International says they ’ve found the ship ’s wreckage .
“ It 's not 100 per cent that it is Noah 's Ark , but we think it is 99.9 per cent that this is it , ” researcher Yeung Wing - Cheung told Agence - France Presse .
The researchers and a film crew have apparently uncovered wooden beams and compartments they say housed the animals .
Carbon dating has proven the structure to be 4,800 years old , Yeung said , which gibes with the literal biblical timeline of the flood .
He also says the group has ruled out a human settlement at the dig site .
The group is said to have asked Turkish officials to apply to UNESCO so that the excavation can be granted world heritage status while it is explored .
Many explorers have sought the ark .
Several have claimed to discover it .
None of these claims has been proved out .
Economy
11.9 % growth sparks fears of overheating By Wang Xiaotian ( China Daily )
Updated : 2010-04-16 07:06
BEIJING -
The economy grew by a better - than - expected 11.9 percent year on year in the first quarter , official figures showed Thursday , prompting renewed calls for tighter policies to prevent overheating .
The blistering rate is the fastest since 2007 and the figure is 5.7 percentage points higher than the same period last year , and 1.2 points higher than the last quarter , according to the National Bureau of Statistics .
The consumer price index ( CPI ) , a key gauge of inflation , rose 2.2 percent in the same period .
It grew by a mild 2.4 percent in March , compared to 2.7 percent in February .
Li Xiaochao , spokesman for the bureau , said the data suggest a " very good beginning " for this year 's economic performance , and attributed the robust growth to the fast expansion of domestic demand .
Li said consumption contributed 52 percent of GDP growth in first quarter .
However , he added that " the current economic situation is still extremely complex and we still face many problems in the process of recovery " .
The contribution of investment to GDP growth declined sharply , from 94.6 percent for the whole of 2009 to 57.9 in the first quarter .
Hu Shaowei , senior economist with the State Information Center , said : " Consumption still has a more active role to play in pulling up the economy , " and predicted growth would remain stable this year .
But Dong Xian'an , chief economist at Industrial Securities , said consumption could contribute less to growth as the investment spree has yet to slow down .
In the first quarter , investment in fixed assets reached 3.53 trillion yuan ( $ 517 billion ) , up 25.6 percent year on year .
Investment in the real estate sector soared 35.1 percent .
" Consumption is still not the real driving force behind economic growth , " said Dong , saying signs of overheating are already obvious enough for the government to consider raising interest rates .
Zhuang Jian , a senior economist with the Asian Development Bank , said in an earlier interview that the government should adopt more prudent monetary policies if growth in the first quarter were more than 10 percent .
But Hu at the State Information Center said it is too early to say the economy is overheating based on the first quarter figures , given the low base of comparison in the same period last year .
The government must be very careful if it considers tightening measures , he said .
" With growth now strong but headline inflation still subdued , the government has a window of opportunity to rein in the policy stimulus before it tips over into excess , " Tom Orlick , an analyst at Beijing for Stone & McCarthy Research Associates , said in a report .
" Growth is running too hot .
It requires policy tightening , " said Ben Simpfendorfer , an economist with Royal Bank of Scotland in Hong Kong .
He called Thursday 's data " a dangerous mix " because the low inflation reading would delay a rise in borrowing costs .
The State Council , the cabinet , promised on Wednesday after a preview of the data to stick to the " appropriately loose " monetary stance and active fiscal policy first adopted at the height of the global financial crisis in late 2008 .
AP , Reuters contributed to this story .
CHINA DAILY
20 Years !
That ’s an amazingly long time in the world wide web .
There are n’t many sites that have managed to stay alive for 2 decades !
With the help of our wonderful contributors , we have meticulously documented almost 200,000 games from 266 platforms .
Including 793,123 developers , 33,015 companies , 850,321 screenshots , 524,875 pieces of cover art and much more !
And did you know we now have an API ( in beta ) that you can access for free ?
Many , many thanks to all of our contributors and approvers !
Without their tireless efforts , our database would be quite lonely .
Also special thanks to Simon Carless ( who helps me , Reed , run the site in - between our day jobs ) , Brian Hirt for helping with infrastructure emergencies and the intricacies of the codebase , and Tracy who helps with updates and built the API .
And of course thanks to Jim Leonard and Brian Hirt who started this amazing project way back in 1999 !
Check out Jim ’s excellent in - depth retrospective
What next ?!
We ’re just beginning !
We ’ll always be documenting and growing the database .
However , the MobyGames platform needs a lot of work and improvements .
As you might imagine , things are getting a bit old in the tooth !
Combined with the overall complexity of the site it makes for a daunting task with no full - time staff .
We want to improve the platform and ensure we ’re around another 20 years !
If you find MobyGames useful and are able to help us with this goal , please consider supporting our Patreon .
If even 1 % of those reading this contributed , we ’d be able to bring on help and make meaningful progress toward improving the platform .
Thank you everyone , here ’s to another 20 years !
President Obama ’s fiscal 2011 budget will generate nearly $ 10 trillion in cumulative budget deficits over the next 10 years , $ 1.2 trillion more than the administration projected , and raise the federal debt to 90 percent of the nation ’s economic output by 2020 , the Congressional Budget Office reported Thursday .
In its 2011 budget , which the White House Office of Management and Budget ( OMB ) released Feb. 1 , the administration projected a 10 - year deficit total of $ 8.53 trillion .
After looking it over , CBO said in its final analysis , released Thursday , that the president ’s budget would generate a combined $ 9.75 trillion in deficits over the next decade .
“ An additional $ 1.2 trillion in debt dumped on [ GDP ] to our children makes a huge difference , ” said Brian Riedl , a budget analyst at the conservative Heritage Foundation .
“ That represents an additional debt of $ 10,000 per household above and beyond the federal debt they are already carrying . ”
The federal public debt , which was $ 6.3 trillion ( $ 56,000 per household ) when Mr. Obama entered office amid an economic crisis , totals $ 8.2 trillion ( $ 72,000 per household ) today , and it ’s headed toward $ 20.3 trillion ( more than $ 170,000 per household ) in 2020 , according to CBO ’s deficit estimates .
That figure would equal 90 percent of the estimated gross domestic product in 2020 , up from 40 percent at the end of fiscal 2008 .
By comparison , America ’s debt - to - GDP ratio peaked at 109 percent at the end of World War II , while the ratio for economically troubled Greece hit 115 percent last year .
OTHER TWT STORIES :
• Final health care bill awaits
Obama
• Movement leaders say bad behavior not their cup of tea
• Ghana discovery sparks fight over oil
• PRUDEN : Can Israel survive friends like these ?
“ That level of debt is extremely problematic , particularly given the upward debt path beyond the 10 - year budget window , ” said Maya MacGuineas , president of the bipartisan Committee for a Responsible Federal Budget .
For countries with debt - to - GDP ratios “ above 90 percent , median growth rates fall by 1 percent , and average growth falls considerably more , ” according to a recent research paper by economists Kenneth S. Rogoff of Harvard and Carmen M. Reinhart of the University of Maryland .
CBO projected the 2011 deficit will be $ 1.34 trillion , not much different from the administration ’s estimate of $ 1.27 trillion .
However , CBO ’s estimate of the 2020 deficit at $ 1.25 trillion significantly exceeds the administration ’s $ 1 trillion estimate .
“ The biggest part of the deficit difference is lower tax revenue due to the different economic assumptions , ” said James R. Horney , a federal - budget analyst at the liberal Center on Budget and Policy Priorities .
“ The administration assumes GDP and incomes will be higher , and that translates into higher revenues than CBO expects .
Relatively small differences in economic assumptions can add up to big differences over 10 years . ”
While Ms. MacGuineas agreed that “ economic forecasts have a large impact on budgetary projections , ” she cautioned that such differing assumptions , often called the “ rosy scenario , ” could account for just $ 350 billion of the 10 - year , $ 1.2 trillion difference between the White House and CBO .
The president has established a fiscal commission to propose actions to reach his goal of balancing the budget by 2015 , except for net interest payments , which CBO projects to total $ 520 billion that year .
The president ’s budget , however , will generate a $ 793 billion deficit in 2015 , according to CBO .
“ The proposed budget is woefully insufficient to achieve the president ’s goal or the important fiscal goal of stabilizing the debt at a reasonable level in the medium and long term , ” Ms. MacGuineas said .
The CBO and the administration expect the deficit for fiscal 2010 , which ends Sept. 30 , to approximate $ 1.5 trillion and exceed 10 percent of GDP , the first time that threshold will have been reached since World War II .
Before last year ’s deficit reached an eye - popping 9.9 percent of GDP , the biggest postwar deficit was 6 percent of GDP in fiscal 1983 .
In addition to the free - spending fiscal policy the U.S. government will pursue , monetary policy will remain loose in the near term , Federal Reserve Chairman Ben S. Bernanke told a congressional committee Thursday .
Citing still - fragile economic conditions and noting the low level of inflation , Mr. Bernanke told the House Financial Services Committee that the Fed would maintain historically low short - term interest rates for the time being .
Tightening would not begin until the “ expansion matures , ” he said , though he did not provide a specific timetable for ratcheting up interest rates .
Indicative of the economy ’s ongoing fragility , especially in the labor market , was the fact that first - time claims for unemployment benefits were still a relatively high 442,000 last week , the Labor Department reported Thursday .
The number was a decline of 14,000 over the previous week ’s seasonally adjusted number .
Economists disagree over the propriety of running a $ 1.5 trillion deficit this year as the economy shifts into recovery mode .
But they generally agree that budget deficits should proceed along a consistent , downward path as the expansion matures .
Most economists , therefore , fear the prospect of rising deficits in the latter part of this decade , long after steady economic growth has returned and unemployment has plunged .
In a worrisome development , CBO projects that federal budget deficits , after dropping sharply , then will begin to rise continuously from 4.1 percent of GDP in 2014 to 5.6 percent in 2020 .
For the 2016 - 20 period , CBO estimates that deficits will average more than 5 percent of GDP , even while assuming the economy will be near full employment , with an average jobless rate of 5 percent during that same five - year period .
One economist concerned about unsustainable fiscal policy in the out years is OMB Director Peter R. Orszag .
“ Deficits in the , let ’s say , 5 percent of GDP range would lead to rising debt - to - GDP ratios in a manner that would ultimately not be sustainable , ” Mr. Orszag acknowledged to reporters on March 20 , 2009 , two months after the administration entered office .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
TV anchors these days are frothing at the mouth while discussing Lalit Modi 's peccadilloes at the Indian Premier League ( IPL ) .
Well , one need not grudge them the need to work up a lather over what they think is a moral issue , but sometimes it is worth sitting back and looking at the opposite idea : are corruption or cronyism purely moral issues ?
Or are there systemic incentives for corruption and disincentives for honesty and probity ?
All human systems work on the basis of incentives and penalties .
These incentives need not always be monetary ; awards and public recognition are examples of two non-monetary incentives that could motivate people to excel and succeed .
The question we need to ask is : what is it in the Indian ecosystem that motivates crooked behaviour ?
There must be something that rewards such behaviour and punishes good conduct .
There is .
First and foremost , we do not reward those who follow the law ; in fact , society often patronises them and regards them as good - hearted fools .
There are examples from every sphere .
There are tax breaks and loopholes available for the moneyed , not the salaried .
If you slow down seeing an amber traffic signal , you run the risk of being hit in the back by the driver behind who thought he could take a chance with the traffic policeman .
If you were to be at the scene of an accident and did your best to help the victims , chances are you will be harassed by being summoned repeatedly to give evidence .
Or even penalised for failing to tell the police first .
The law is on the side of those who turn the other way .
Second , we do not penalise wrongdoing — at least not enough .
When was the last time you saw a corrupt politician or criminal being jailed quickly for his crimes ?
Even if you are caught red - handed with stacks of rupee notes under your bed — as former telecom minister Sukh Ram was in the 1990s — you may not go to jail .
At best , you may be a regular visitor to various courts in the land .
Worse , your constituency actually defends you because you are one of us .
This is the reason why Mayawati or Lalu Prasad can cock a snook at the law .
They can claim to be victims of caste prejudice .
The Ambanis got away with murder through much of the 1980s and 1990s — when they sneaked things around customs officials .
Even in the late 1990s , they entered mobile telephony through the backdoor — through the wireless - in - local - loop route .
Their misdemeanours were excused with a fine , thus proving once again that illegalities are mere inconveniences in the Indian context .
Third , we have created a system of economic exclusion , first with the licence raj , and now with other devices like regulation or policy .
Every businessman thus learns that success depends on achieving a monopoly and excluding others from business opportunities .
It means building allies among politicians and bureaucrats — who can be partners in divvying up the booty .
Lalit Modi knew that his power depends on excluding some and letting in others — which is why he was so opposed to Kochi ’s entry and not Adani’s .
The linkages apparently worked better for him with Adani than with Kochi ’s unknown investors .
While the licence raj was a formal system of regulation , today exclusion can take place in the guise of policy .
For example , in aviation you cannot fly abroad till you have completed five years of domestic service .
There is no logic to this policy , except to restrict the entry of more competitors .
The minute more domestic carriers could enter the business , international fares crashed .
Exclusion thus allowed foreign carriers to mint money — and we thought we were protecting our airlines .
The preference for monopoly is widespread .
We know about IPL ’s policy of exclusion .
In the media business , The Times of India follows the same policy .
To stifle competition , when DNA entered the field , it got into market - share agreements and private treaties with advertisers to ensure that DNA suffers commercially .
Advertisers who agreed to exclude DNA were given sweetheart deals — exactly as Modi tried to do at IPL by excluding non-favoured bidders .
It is another matter that DNA had no intention of obliging The Times , but that does n’t mean the latter did not try .
Only competition and the demolition of the monopoly mindset can defeat corruption and hankypanky .
Wherever we have opened up , there is no corruption .
We once used to bribe telephone company people to get a phone .
Now mobile companies pester us with mouthwatering offers .
To reincentivise good behaviour and punish the bad , we have to chip away at monopolies by consistently opening up our economy to competition .
Being middle class today does not carry the financial security that it once carried in the 1950s and 1960s .
Interestingly enough , many Americans at that time did not own stocks yet somehow they managed well because they had access to affordable housing without toxic mortgages and many had the ability to work with one company and have some kind of security from their company .
It was a mutual relationship as even Henry Ford shook the auto manufacturing world by upping wages for his workers .
Yet today , we are being fed distorted information from Wall Street that we need to have this system where workers are disposable entities only to increase the profits of the corporate class .
If people are hurting so much why are we paying billions in bonuses to a small group of people that really have n’t helped the country ?
In fact , many of these are directly responsible for our current economic problems .
At the root , this has been the cancer that has eaten away at what it means to be middle class .
Social government welfare for Wall Street and Darwinian capitalism for the rest of us .
The middle class has it extremely tough today not because of random events but purposeful and directed robbery from Wall Street .
This was a methodical and planned dismantling of the system .
First , let us walk through some details of the middle class to create a profile :
Source : Census
The most common household formation in the U.S. is a married couple .
Certainly this has changed over time but this is the most common arrangement in the U.S.
But this has also led to the two - income trap that we have heard about so often :
Even though nominal wages are much higher today , inflation has eroded the buying power of Americans so much that even two incomes today cannot compete with one income forty years ago .
After all , if you could buy a car with $ 200 then $ 1,000 would seem like a lot .
But what is a $ 50,000 household income when home prices cost $ 250,000 ?
This is really the essence of what has broken the middle class apart .
Prices rose to astronomical levels because Wall Street created speculative casino products and injected the virus into the system .
The middle class today is fearful of even having enough to retire .
But beyond even retiring , many people have very little saved :
Now Wall Street would lead you to believe that people should just pucker up and save more .
Bailouts are only for Wall Street folks yet average Americans need to resurrect the ghost of Horatio Alger and pull themselves up from their bootstraps or hope that a rich uncle leaves them a nice inheritance package .
Yet what they forget is that we have a large part of our population that do n’t even qualify as middle class :
38,000,000 Americans are receiving some form of food assistance .
These people are living day to day so saving is n’t even in their equation .
They are just trying to get by .
These are the folks waiting at midnight at Wal - Mart waiting for their debit cards to reload just so they can buy food for their family .
Do you think they are interested in investing in the next hot stock ?
Even as hard as it is to be middle class , poverty has been amplified in this recession :
10 % of all U.S. families are in poverty .
Yet the rate is a bit higher if we actually go by food stamp data .
The average household size is 2.61 in the U.S. so many families are struggling with children as the above data reflects .
Yet you would expect the middle class to have a better chance at going forward but more and more middle class families are entering what is now being called the working poor .
Wall Street and the banking system is at the core of this mess .
They did n’t create poverty but they have amplified it by setting up a system that has now pushed millions of Americans into foreclosure .
Why all of a sudden did Americans start gambling with their homes only when Wall Street got involved ?
They have created a new financial fiefdom where they can siphon off resources from the productive sector of the economy all from the comforts of their NY , NY offices .
Even the idea that all Americans own stocks is not exactly accurate :
The top 1 percent control 42 percent of all financial wealth in this country .
And wealth is the key here .
So what if you have a $ 500,000 home if you have a $ 600,000 mortgage .
You are not wealthy .
So what if you have a leased BMW but have $ 30,000 in credit card debt .
You are not wealthy .
This is what Wall Street sold to America in the disguise of wealth .
And people bought it up at the expense of the prudent .
But that veil is now gone .
And who has the wealth ?
This is what happens when you make a pact with the financial devil .
We must educate ourselves in order to have any fighting chance to have a solid middle class :
The sad fact above is these stats come at a time when public education is falling by the wayside .
We ’ve had some of the cheapest and best public universities the world has seen .
That era is coming to an end as banks run the student loan market and for profit education is charging ridiculous amounts of tuition that are crushing the middle class .
As of 2008 only 27 percent of Americans have a four year degree or higher .
Now how will this number increase in a time when educational costs are going up and wages are stagnant ?
As long as you have a population that is unaware of what Wall Street is doing , they can keep doing their robbery in the open .
We also have an aging population :
That 65 and over category is going to explode in the next decade as baby boomers enter retirement .
Many were betting on housing appreciation and unrealistic stock market returns for a long and prosperous retirement .
Instead , Wall Street has taken the money and many will have to work well into their retirement years .
One illness can wreck their entire financial nest egg ( if they have one ) .
The notion that middle class meant a secure retirement is now gone .
And with health care costs rising more and more money will go to this category .
Education and health care are cornerstones of what we consider middle class living and this sector is enormous in terms of employment :
21 % work in education services , and health care and social assistance .
This number is likely to increase given demographic trends .
Yet who are we really serving if students go into $ 40,000 , $ 60,000 , and even $ 100,000 in debt for degrees that do n’t provide them adequate training to survive in a corporatist economy ?
The banks do n’t mind because they can saddle a young person with a stream of income for multiple years and have the government pay the bill .
How about we take banks out of the equation and require people to pay a sizeable portion of their education ?
Ironically , this would lower costs .
It does n’t have to all be upfront but allowing the current system to go on is criminal .
If you want proof look at the housing market .
Now that people have to document some income housing prices have collapsed .
The for profit schools only require 10 % of funds to come from the students and then the government matches 90 % .
In reality , these schools take that 10 % on a credit card so this is really a zero down education .
The story of Wall Street is the story of putting Americans into debt .
If you really want to know where the middle class went you can look at the absurd amounts of debt .
And this idea that everyone is rich is pure propaganda :
Only 34 % of U.S. households make more than $ 65,000 per year .
And that number is now much lower since this is based on 2008 data .
When we look at luxury auto sales they do not reflect the actual wealth in our country .
Much of it is pure debt financing .
All hat and no cattle as they say in Texas .
And we can see inflation eating away at purchasing power :
Just look at 1950 .
The median household income could purchase the median home with twice their annual income .
In 2006 it required 4 times that income .
Even in 1980 , the median household income could buy 3 cars with that salary .
Today , it is more like two .
And this is even more distorted because we have more two income households .
So the middle class is really facing a struggle in 2010 .
But this just did n’t happen .
This was a forty year systematic robbery of the compact Americans had with government and the business community .
Where we go from here really depends on how much people value the middle class and coalesce to bring Wall Street in check .
So far things are n’t looking good .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
It 's not magic , it's
Science !
Science is the process and the body of knowledge that enables us humans to know nature .
So far , it ’s the best idea we ’ve ever had .
Autos zum Abgewöhnen
Hat man sowas schon gesehen ?
Das Tamtam auf dem Genfer Salon ist gewaltig , die Hostessen lächeln , die Sportwagen funkeln .
Bei all dem Glamour übersieht man leicht , dass auch ein paar ziemlich bizarre Vehikel auf den Messeständen parken .
SPIEGEL ONLINE hat zehn Autos aufgespürt , auf die man gerne verzichten könnte .
Welcome to Crazy Porn on WWW dot PORNOISY dot COM daily updated with Best Free Porn Videos , Amateur Videos , Extreme Videos , Dirty Movie , Free MILF Sex , Mom Videos and Teen at Crazy Porn ! for your viewing pleasure
NEW PORN VIDEOS
Popular Video Now Playing ...
Ass Wide Open
This girl owns some big juicy boobs and she is obsessed to porn Today 's Most Popular Videos Should These Videos Be Banned ???
This Video Is Already Banned !!!
Free Porn Links
This is an extraordinary political moment .
An election seemingly destined to produce a narrow Conservative victory has been seized by the voters and turned into a democratic contest – a contest not just between parties , but over the shape of our democracy itself .
The MPs that assemble in Westminster next month could usher in one of the great reforming parliaments in British history , one to rank in the history books alongside 1831 - 32 , 1865 - 67 or 1911 - 1914 .
The next parliament could see cherished progressive liberal aspirations realised : a proportional electoral system ; wider and better - defended civil liberties ; a new , internationalist approach to foreign affairs and immigration ; reform of the tax system to share wealth and curb carbon emissions ; and an assault on the vested interests of the financial sector .
The question for progressive liberals is what election result now offers the best chance of achieving these goals .
Certainly not a Conservative majority .
Despite some welcome commitments in areas such as civil liberties and localism , the Tories remain instinctively opposed to the deep democratic reforms the country needs .
But a return of a majority Labour government under Gordon Brown would not provide a strong enough guarantee of reform .
Labour has a long list of achievements over the last 13 years , of which it can be proud .
But Labour has also presided over a ruinous period for civil liberties and has failed to deliver wholesale political reform .
Labour does now promise fixed - term parliaments , an elected House of Lords and a referendum on the alternative vote : too little , too late .
The question is where the energy for the future of progressive politics is to be found .
It is a contemporary political fact that the stronger the performance of the Liberal Democrats on 6 May the better the chances of progressive reform .
The Liberal Democrats are today 's change - makers .
They have already changed the election ; next they could drive fundamental change in our political and economic landscape .
Some of us have already pinned our colours to the Liberal Democrat mast .
For others , the decision to back the Liberal Democrats in this election is a difficult one .
Long - standing party loyalties , even in a less tribal world , are not easily suspended .
But May 2010 offers a once - in - a- generation opportunity to reshape politics for the better .
It must be seized .
Richard Reeves , John Kampfner , Professor Noreena Hertz , Susie Orbach , Shazia Mirza , Camilla Toulmin , Brian Eno , John le Carré , Henry Porter , Alex Layton , Gordon Roddick , Yasmin Alibhai Brown , Philip Pullman , David Aukin , Nick Harkaway , Lisa Appignanesi , Francis Wheen , Alan Ryan , Raymond Tallis , Julian Baggini , Jeanette Winterson , Rodric Braithwaite , Richard Dawkins , George Monbiot , Ken Macdonald , Philippe Sands , Misha Glenny , Anthony Barnett , Richard Sennett , David Marquand
Video games publisher Ubisoft has apologised after thousands of players were locked out of its systems over the weekend .
PC users started reporting problems accessing some of the French company 's most popular games , including best - seller Assassin 's Creed 2 , on Sunday afternoon .
It later emerged that attackers had targeted the company 's controversial anti-piracy system , causing it to break down - which in turn left thousands of people unable to play .
The chaos was so widespread because of the way that Ubisoft 's copy protection system - which requires players who have bought the game to log in online and verify that they are not playing a pirated version - is designed .
By flooding the anti-piracy servers with web traffic , the unknown attackers forced it to collapse and therefore locked out those players who tried to sign in .
This angered many gamers , who felt that they had been punished for buying legal copies of the company 's games - which cost as much as £ 50 .
" We 've had to agree to their draconian rules in order to play their game , however Ubisoft have n't given a single thought to what happens when their servers screw up , " said one disgruntled user on the company 's web forums .
" [ This ] only penalises legitimate customers like myself who want to play your fantastic games but cannot , " said another .
The company initially blamed the problems on " exceptional demand " - but in a statement on Monday , Ubisoft admitted that it had been targeted .
" Ubisoft would like to apologise to anyone who could play Assassin 's Creed 2 or Silent Hunter 5 yesterday , " it said .
" Servers were attacked and while the servers did not go down , service was limited from 2.30 pm to 9.30 pm Paris time . "
" Ninety - five percent of players were not affected , but a small group of players attempting to open a game session did receive denial of service errors . "
The attack itself brings into question the company 's decision to roll out its controversial digital rights management ( DRM ) to try and stop its games from being illegally copied .
Although the games themselves do not involve online play , the sign - in system is required for anybody playing titles like Assassin 's Creed 2 , which has sold more than 8 m copies worldwide since it was release in November .
The constant tension between publishers , consumers and pirates has caused problems in the past - such as when Electronic Arts released Spore , a highly - anticipated evolutionary simulator that required online validation before it could be played .
After complaints from thousands of users , the company eventually relaxed the rules .
But Ubisoft 's system has caused extra irritation with players because it means that the titles cannot be used at all without a constant internet connection - a particularly drastic requirement given that the company says there are actually no cracked versions of the games in question in the wild .
The same denial of service technique employed by the Ubisoft attackers is often used by hackers and blackmailers to threaten online businesses , or by those protesting against web sites or companies .
And despite the company 's assurances that only a handful of players were affected , however , it appears that the problems may not yet be over .
On Monday some users reported similar difficulties , leading the company to confirm via Twitter that " our servers are under attack again " and that " we 're working on it " .
For a woman who until last July was a fairly unknown governor of one of the most obscure states in America , existing on an official income of $ 125,000 ( £ 80,734 ) a year , Sarah Palin has acquired some pretty impressive trappings of celebrity and influence .
She now commands fees of up to $ 100,000 for just one speech , and her engagements are controlled by her minders in minute detail .
Those details include demands that she have two bottles of still water and bendable straws placed near the lectern from which she delivers her speeches ; that she be flown from her home in Alaska to wherever the event takes place on first - class commercial tickets or in a private jet of at least the size of a Lear 60 ; and that she be driven from the airport to the venue in professionally licensed SUVs or , failing that , in black town cars .
Her hotel room must be booked under an alias , for security reasons , and must include a one - bedroom suite and two single rooms .
There must be a laptop computer and printer fully charged with paper in the room .
And the hotel must be rated as deluxe .
We now know such arcane details of the life of Sarah Palin in her new incarnation as megastar courtesy of two intrepid college students at Stanislaus , a branch of California State University in Turlock , California .
Palin has been booked through her agency , the Washington Speakers Bureau , to front a fundraiser for the college 's foundation on 25 June .
The students , Alicia Lewis and Ashli Briggs , claim to have been tipped off last week to strange movements in the campus administration building .
Officials of the administration had been under pressure from Democratic politicians and others to reveal the precise terms on which Palin 's services were being secured , and the rumour was that administrators were busily shredding documents to avoid disclosure .
Lewis and Briggs decided to investigate .
Finding the administration building locked , they claim to have seen bags full of complete and shredded documents being carried out and dumped in a bin .
When the coast was clear , they rifled through the bags and say they found the final six pages of a nine - page Washington Speakers Bureau contract .
It does not mention Palin by name , but refers to the speaker 's " high profile " and need for security " of the highest order " .
It stipulates in exhaustive detail every aspect of the engagement .
If a private jet is used it " MUST BE a Lear 60 or larger for West Coast Events ; or , a Hawker 800 or larger for East Coast Events and both are subject to the Speaker 's approval " .
The bendable straws are a requirement that goes unexplained .
On the back of the discovery of the document , the attorney general of California , Jerry Brown , has announced an investigation into the way the Stanislaus Foundation is conducting its affairs with Palin after suggestions that it is paying her up to $ 75,000 for the event .
There has been no confirmation or denial from the Washington Speakers Bureau or the foundation whether the contract is genuine .
The foundation has countered that as all its $ 20 m assets came from private donations it was not required to make the same public disclosures as the university to which it is attached .
A former U.N envoy to Afghanistan on has questioned the “ mental stability ” of Hamid Karzai and suggested the Afghan president may be using drugs .
In an interview on MSNBC ’s “ The Daily Rundown , ” Peter Galbraith described Karzai as “ off - balance ” and “ emotional . ”
Galbraith also called for President Barack Obama to vastly limit Karzai ’s power to appoint officials within the war - torn country until he proves himself a reliable partner to the U.S .
“ He ’s prone to tirades .
He can be very emotional , act impulsively .
In fact , some of the palace insiders say that he has a certain fondness for some of Afghanistan ’s most profitable exports , ” said Galbraith , in an apparent reference to opium or heroin .
When asked whether he meant Karzai has a substance abuse problem , Galbraith responded : “ There are reports to that effect .
But whatever the cause is , the reality is that he is — he can be very emotional … ”
Galbraith was fired by the United Nations in September as the U.N. ’s No. 2 official in Afghanistan after he openly accused his boss , Kai Eide , of concealing election fraud that benefited the campaign of the incumbent president .
Eide angrily denied the accusation .
This week the Association for Molecular Pathology , working with the American Civil Liberties Union , won a major victory , overturning some of the patents owned by a company called Myriad on the BRCA1 gene for breast cancer .
There are three reasons why gene patents like these are stupid : only the last one is funny .
Patents are a sensible idea , because people are more likely to invest in innovation if they believe it will give them a competitive advantage over other people , and because patents allow people to share their discoveries safely , instead of monetising their advantage by keeping a discovery secret .
But patents also act as a barrier to innovation , and gene patents bring these disadvantages into stark relief .
Different people have slightly different forms of the BRCA1 gene , and these confer different risks for breast cancer , so doctors like to run tests and see which form you have .
Myriad were not granted a patent on these tests : instead they got a patent on the BRCA1 genes themselves , which are out there , present in humanity , and naturally - occurring .
This has had a chilling effect on clinical activity and research .
One of the plaintiffs in the case against them , for example , is a patient who had a BRCA1 test from Myriad , and would like it independently verified by someone else 's test of the same gene .
She cannot have such a test : in the US only Myriad are allowed to offer BRCA1 tests ( and they charge over $ 3,000 ) .
The company has gone after people developing tests for risk of cancer using the BRCA1 gene , and this has retarded the development of new tests .
In fact , a survey in 2003 of all leading laboratory directors in the US looked at the extent of this research chill in all areas of medicine from gene patents , and found that 53 % had " decided not to develop or perform a test / service for clinical or research purposes because of a patent " .
This is not surprising , as a study from 2005 found that about a fifth of all the 23,688 genes in the human genome – the code that makes up you — have already been patented .
But these tests are just the tip of the research iceberg .
Almost all basic science research on the BRCA1 breast cancer gene over the past 12 years has infringed Myriad 's patent , and although the company has tended not to go after basic science researchers , they have never promised that they wo n't in the future , so this academic research on a major risk factor for a major killer — the most common cancer in women worldwide — continues only with Myriad 's indulgence , making it risky work .
But that 's only the half of it .
A paper titled " Metastasizing patent claims in BRCA1 " , just published in the journal Genomics , examines the true extent of the BRCA1 patents granted in 1998 , and they are laughably absurd .
The authors examine patent # 4,747,282 .
This makes claim to any sequence of 15 nucleotides , the " letters " of the genetic code , coding for any part of the protein made by the BRCA1 gene .
First they calculate how absurdly broad this claim is , from first principles .
There are about 1.6 million different 15 - nucleotide sequences that could code for some part of the BRCA1 protein .
There are 1.07 billion possible different 15 - nucleotide sequences in total .
Therefore , this patent covers roughly one in every 600 of all imaginable 15 - nucleotide DNA sequences .
As a typical human gene is a sequence of about 10,000 nucleotides , then on average ( if you assumed that human genes were random strings of nucleotides ) you would expect every human gene to contain about 15 of the 15 - nucleotide sequences claimed under the BRCA1 patent .
Then they tested their model against reality : in a giant computing task , they took all the 15 - nucleotide sequences from the BRCA1 gene , and searched for them , just on chromosome 1 : they found 340,000 matches , roughly the same as their theoretical prediction , and the equivalent of 14 infringing sequences on every human gene .
The BRCA1 gene , incidentally , is on chromosome 17 .
The claims in this patent therefore extend , if properly enforced , to almost every single gene , in every single person on the planet .
There is a moral and practical argument to be had about patenting nature , but the rights conferred in this patent are basically absurd .
As we noted yesterday , the SEC appears to have acted in an unusual way on Friday morning when it filed fraud charges against Goldman Sachs .
Specifically , it appears to have caught Goldman by surprise , announcing the fraud charges without giving Goldman a heads - up .
Normally , the SEC 's attorneys are in close communication with the attorneys of its targets .
If the agency intends to file charges , it is customary to tell the target in advance , so the accused party is n't blindsided .
( The same is true in many white - collar criminal proceedings :
If an executive is going to be indicted , the executive 's attorneys are usually notified in advance . )
The exception is when prosecutors think the target is a flight risk ( which obviously does n't apply here ) , or when the prosecutors want to maximize the headline value of the charges .
Yesterday , for more than an hour after the SEC filed its charges , the SEC had the headlines to itself .
A short Goldman denial appeared around noon , and a longer , more compelling one appeared at the end of the day , when most people had already started checking out for the weekend .
Thus , the SEC 's fraud story dominated the headlines all day long .
Now , there are many reasons why the SEC might have chosen to act this way , all of which were understandable :
It looks tougher ( everyone hates Wall Street these days , and the SEC has looked wimpy )
It looks pro-active ( for once , the SEC is ahead of the game )
It does more damage ( by the time people have time to examine the allegations in detail , most people have made up their minds about the accused 's guilt ) .
And then there 's another factor that might have affected the timing of the SEC 's release .
The timing of big announcements is often chosen with the aim of maximizing coverage ( or minimizing it , in the case of bad news ) , or with the aim of pushing other stories out of the headlines .
What other stories might the SEC have wanted pushed out of the headlines yesterday ?
Perhaps another one about the agency 's past incompetence and , possibly , corruption .
Yesterday , amid the Goldman fraud outrage , the results of another investigation into the SEC 's failure to spot Allen Stanford 's ponzi scheme were published .
They were devastating :
Michael Crittenden and Kara Scannell , WSJ :
The Securities and Exchange Commission suspected Texas financier R. Allen Stanford of running a Ponzi scheme as early as 1997 but took more than a decade to pursue him seriously , according to a report further tarring the agency that missed Bernard Madoff 's huge fraud .
The report by the SEC 's inspector general says SEC examiners concluded four times between 1997 and 2004 that Mr. Stanford 's businesses were fraudulent , but each time decided not to go further .
It singles out the former head of the SEC 's enforcement office in Fort Worth , Texas , accusing him of repeatedly quashing Stanford probes and then trying to represent Mr. Stanford as a lawyer in private practice .
The former SEC official , Spencer Barasch , is now a partner at law firm Andrews Kurth LLP .
He could n't be reached for comment , but Andrews Kurth managing partner Bob Jewell said the firm believes Mr. Barasch acted properly .
The inspector general referred Mr. Barasch for possible disbarment from practicing law .
That sounds bad .
Very bad .
If the SEC had n't charged Goldman with fraud yesterday morning , THAT story would have dominated the day 's headlines .
As it is , the story got nary a mention .
For New Orleans Saints fans and lifelong residents of the city known as the Big Easy , becoming Super Bowl champs is more than just about football and winning a big game .
It ’s also about hopes and dreams , about rebuilding and recovery and most importantly it ’s about surviving what New Orleans and its people endured four and a half years ago when Hurricane Katrina pounded the city .
“ This championship is for you , New Orleans , ” said Drew Brees , Saints quarterback and Most Valuable Player .
Brees led his team to a 31 - 17 victory over the Indianapolis Colts on Sunday .
It was the Saints ’ first time ever winning a Super Bowl trophy in the team ’s 42 - year franchise history .
It was considered the underdog next to Colts superstar quarterback Peyton Manning and his team .
“ Four years ago whoever thought this would be happening , ” said Brees after the game .
“ When 85 percent of the city was under water , all of its residents evacuated all over the country .
Most people were wondering if New Orleans would ever come back or if the team would ever come back . ”
When Katrina struck New Orleans in 2005 it devastated the city , killing 1,500 people in its path and left thousands more homeless .
Today the city and its people are still trying to rebuild and recover .
Vast stretches of houses remain vacant and unfit to live in due to flood damage .
Brees along with head coach Sean Payton joined the Saints team in 2006 , six months after Katrina hit .
At the time , Brees said , the players decided to lean on each other and rebuild like everyone else .
The Saints , formed in 1967 , were for decades one of the worst teams in the National Football League .
But against all odds this year the team transformed into a powerhouse high scoring offense dominating football fields consistently all season long .
At halftime during the Super Bowl , the Saints were trailing 10 - 6 against the Colts .
At the beginning of the third quarter the Saints made a risky but effective and aggressive move with an on - side kick that perhaps set the tone for the rest of the game .
After the kick the Saints recovered the ball followed by a touchdown and the team never looked back .
The Saints went on to win .
Brees completed 32 passes and threw two touchdowns .
Many saw Brees and the Saints as a symbol of hope for the city and its residents ’ ongoing path to recovery .
Brees told reporters , “ Along the way , people have asked so many times , ‘ Do you look at it as a burden or extra pressure , do you feel like you ’re carrying the weight of the city on your team ’s shoulders ? ' ”
He continued , “ I said , ‘ No , not at all , we look at it as a responsibility .
Our fans , our city , gave us strength , and we owe this to them .
That ’s made all the difference . ”
Joy and celebration were in order Sunday night throughout the city of New Orleans .
“ Our spirits are lifted , ” Peggy Fuselier told Reuters , as she and thousands waited outside the airport in New Orleans to welcome home the Super Bowl champs .
“ It ’s the greatest thing that could ever happen to this city . ”
For Robert Green , an African American survivor of Katrina , the Saints winning was more than just sharing a high five .
He lived in the Lower Ninth Ward when Katrina struck the city .
His family was among the thousands fighting to survive by piercing holes through the attics of their flooded houses , hoping for help from their rooftops .
Green ’s mother died while waiting to be rescued .
So did his 3 - year - old granddaughter .
Like hundreds of others Green was eventually rescued and taken to the Superdome , home to the Saints .
“ We saw people crying , and we saw people starving , ” he told a CBS reporter .
“ For kids , for adults , for old people , it was just a horrible place to be , ” said Green .
Even after the horrific memories and tragic losses of Hurricane Katrina , the Saints winning the Super Bowl in many ways reflects a triumphant return for the people of New Orleans , he said .
“ It ’s not about football .
It ’s about showing that we are survivors , we are achievers and about how we are going to be champions . ”
Photo : New Orleans Saints running back Reggie Bush , center , celebrates with fans after Sunday ’s NFL Super Bowl XLIV football game against the Indianapolis Colts in Miami .
( AP / David J. Phillip )
The Chinese laboratories where scientists are already at work on the new ' meow meow '
By MIKE POWER in LONDON and SIMON PARRY in CHINA
In a filthy Shanghai laboratory , chemists make batches of mephedrone - and a new incarnation of the ' plant food ' linked to the deaths of British teenagers .
Never heard of the drugs Eric - 1 and Eric - 2 ?
That 's the point .
By Mike Power in London and Simon Parry in China
In a filthy Shanghai laboratory , chemists make batches of mephedrone - and a new incarnation of the ' plant food ' linked to the deaths of British teenagers
Young , rich and brimming with energy , Eric embodies the entrepreneurial spirit of modern China .
He sits at his desk beneath a cabinet of spirits and cigars that he dispenses liberally to his overseas clients while secretaries totter in and out carrying samples and price lists .
Eric , 35 , wears designer clothes , drives a Buick SUV and works such long hours his wife moans that he treats the luxury villa where they live like a hotel .
But for all his infectious charm as he chats and jokes at his office in an up - market Shanghai apartment block , there is a sinister side to the business that has made this chemistry graduate conspicuously wealthy .
The booming and rapidly expanding company he heads produces designer drugs that supply tens of thousands of British youngsters with a legal - and potentially lethal - high .
These new drugs could take over as a legal replacement for mephedrone , the amphetamine - like drug some users have called ' meow meow ' , which was banned by the Government ten days ago after legislation was rushed through .
This followed media reports that cited its use by some users before their deaths .
One of those was Lois Waters , 24 , of North Yorkshire who died last month having taken mephedrone several days before .
With a laboratory near the city 's international airport ( whose neighbours include offices of Glaxo Smith Kline , Novartis and Astra Zeneca ) and a factory with 65 workers three hours from Shanghai , Eric claims his company manufactures and ships hundreds of kilograms of drugs to Britain every week .
Despite the ban on mephedrone and other related - compounds , Eric and many other Chinese businessmen like him are ahead of the game .
They beat customs controls using know - how and corruption and are creating and preparing new drugs that will deliberately dodge our classifications and continue to offer profitable , legal kicks in the UK .
Drug boss Eric , right , inspects the latest batch of a new drug yet to be named at his company in Shanghai , China
Posing as customers , we were shown around his laboratory and witnessed a sophisticated and ruthless export industry that is indifferent to the harm and addiction its products cause .
It is driven instead by modern China 's guiding light : money .
Eric makes it clear that he views the death of Lois Waters and two British youngsters who had allegedly taken mephedrone as being a business inconvenience rather than a moral dilemma .
' They died in the UK , ' he tells us in a rare display of earnestness .
' As a result UK customs have recently been very strict and lots of packages from China and India are stopped and seized .
It is in the media and on the TV and a lot of our customers are worried .
But we assure them there is no risk for them . '
He then reveals how his company has already been avoiding customs checks in the UK by sending packages into Britain via ' soft ' third countries in the EU .
' We have agents in Europe so we can send to Ireland , Austria , Spain and Italy .
Then the package will be re-sent to the UK from those countries .
If the package comes from outside Europe there might be trouble .
Within Europe , the UK customs normally will not check . '
Even if the packages were stopped , he promises us , the orders would be honoured .
' I can't think of any way we can get ahead of the game , there are just too many chemical possibilities .
There 's always going to be something we have n't thought of and legislated for '
' If it is stopped we always refund or reship .
That is why we have so many customers in the UK .
There is no risk for them . '
Eric 's company sends its drugs to Britain by express courier .
At the entrance to his office , barrels of MDPV - a potent and addictive stimulant that was banned along with mephedrone on April 16 - are piled up alongside dozens of one - kilo packages sitting ready to be taken to the airport .
Posing as large , London - based wholesalers of legal highs , we had insisted on a visit to the lab before making our order - for 10kg of MDPV every month for a year .
Eric says our order is almost laughably small : ' It amounts to 120 kg a year .
I have that much in my office now .
Every month we produce two tons . '
However , our order still amounts to 200,000 doses monthly , and 2.4 million doses annually .
Even with shipment via a European country , packages are delivered in three to four days from the time payment hits his account , he says , adding with a knowing grin : ' Some packages we send directly to the UK .
We have our own methods . '
Lois Waters , 24 , of North Yorkshire , who had taken mephedrone before she died last month
The boom in demand for legal highs in the UK has generated a huge new revenue stream for Eric 's company .
' It has all happened in the past two years and the demand from the UK and other countries just keeps increasing , ' he says .
Set up seven years ago , his lab was already doing brisk international business turning out five or six new generic drugs a year for worldwide sales .
These ranged from anti-retroviral drugs for HIV sufferers and heart - disease drugs to fake Viagra .
Eric said there was no problem in continuing to send the drug to the UK , promising to fulfil our 12 - month order .
What 's more , Eric told us that he is developing a new drug to ship to the UK after this month 's ban .
At his company 's laboratory , the size of a small flat , a team of young scientists in white coats and face masks work on new formulas .
Dipping his nose into a sample bag of white powder , Eric says : ' I can't tell you the name of this .
It is going to be very popular and your buyers will be very interested in this . '
Scooping out a pinch between his fingers he says : ' We 've been working on this for some time .
It is almost perfect and ready to ship .
The purity is 99.9 per cent .
If you look at it , you can see it is snow white .
That shows how pure it is .'
Inside the laboratory , with huge bell jars at one end , a small team of scientists appear to be working on a dozen different chemical processes at once .
When we point out the extraordinary variety of colours in one of the bell jars and compare it to an oil painting , Eric laughs .
' You must be artists , ' he says .
' When you look at that jar , you see colours .
When I look at it , I see only orders and money . '
Driving us from his laboratory back to his downtown office in the hope of sealing another overseas order , Eric was in a hurry to move on to the next deal .
' I have no time for holidays .
I am working all the time , ' he says .
Eric , though , like all the most successful drug dealers , chooses not to get high on his own supply .
His only vice is cans of Red Bull .
' I have a lot of business on my hands .
I need all the energy I can get , ' he says .
For the past year , the drug market in the UK has been teetering on the edge of complete anarchy .
Drug laws look impotent in the face of the ingenuity and resourcefulness of dealers , users and chemists .
We have ended up in a situation where anyone of any age can buy limitless amounts of powerful drugs on the high street or on the internet , and - feasibly - consume it in front of a police officer with little chance of prosecution .
Chinese scientists such as Eric are identifying illegal compounds that have a psychoactive effect and modifying them slightly on a molecular level so they still get users high - but are legal .
Over the course of our investigation , Eric has offered dozens more chemicals , a garbled narcotic alphabet soup of untried and untested drugs , whose chemical structures , experts tell us , makes them likely to be addictive and harmful .
' Now people have discovered mephedrone , they 'll look for others .
It will be interesting to see if the new control kills the market or if goes underground .
That 's the dilemma for legislators : is controlling it the best way ? '
The recent ban on mephedrone followed a wave of public outrage after reports claiming that 25 young people had died after using it .
Coroners ' reports have shown that most of these users had more than one drug in their bloodstream - in the case of Louis Wainwright , 18 , and his friend Nicholas Smith , 19 , who died in Scunthorpe in March , both men were taken the drug with heroin substitute methadone and alcohol , a fatal mix experienced methadone users avoid .
It is undeniable , though , that mephedrone is addictive , dangerous , and the market around it is far from benign .
Politicians and scientists have distinctly opposed views about what is to be done .
Professor David Nutt was sacked as chairman of the independent Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs ( ACMD ) in October for his views in favour of a more relaxed legal stance to reflect what he claims are over - stated dangers .
Other members with similar views have also resigned .
Nutt recently caused more controversy saying it would be better to sell controlled doses of mephedrone at nightclubs and give safety guidance than ban it .
While the Government and their advisers have been at loggerheads and seem unable to come up with a clear policy , Chinese labs have filled the policy vacuum .
It seems as if the legal drugs scene burst out of nowhere , but experts have been expecting it for years .
Dr John Ramsey , a toxicologist at St George 's Medical School , University of London , says most of the new legal highs he sees are made in China .
' It 's not difficult to look at the pharmaceutical literature , find things that are controlled , then devise a minor chemical modification to bring them outside control , ' he says .
' Then you can contact a Chinese laboratory and they 'll happily custom - synthesise it for you . '
Ramsey believes that current models of control are inadequate and out of date : ' All we 're doing is propelling people through a series of new chemicals , none of which have been toxicity tested . '
The Labour MP for Bolton South East , Brian Iddon , who has worked in the pharmaceutical industry for many years , agrees .
' There 's an unlimited supply of synthetic drugs , ' he says .
' As a chemist I know that I can move one functional group around a molecule and produce an analogue that will have a similar physiological effect .
The trouble is , by banning new drugs , there 's this procession of new ones that people will turn to . '
Ramsey says the chemical landscape has changed irrevocably in the last few years .
' I can't think of any way we can get ahead of the game , there are just too many chemical possibilities .
There 's always going to be something we have n't thought of and legislated for . '
Shadow Minister for Crime Reduction James Brokenshire disagrees , and says the Government needs a more integrated approach .
' When new psychoactive drugs emerge onto the market - which we should monitor via an early - warning system - we need to be able to put them into a temporary classification , during which time there would be restrictions on import and sale , ' he says .
' This would allow the ACMD to do its work so we can come up with a longer - term classification .
But in that initial period , you 'd actually be dealing with the harms they pose . '
Brokenshire believes we may soon need more broad , catch - all legislation as they have in the U.S. and Australia .
' We need to look at ways in which analogues can be captured so that if there is an existing illegal drug and someone merely creates an analogue of it , there should be a way of legislating against it . '
A laboratory assistant by a machine containing the new substance - possibly soon to be exported to online buyers in the UK
Keith Vaz , chair of the Home Affairs Select Committee that monitors domestic policy , says the answer is even simpler : do away with complex and lengthy scientific consultation , and change the law fast .
' As the Home Secretary has said on a number of occasions , the ACMD are the experts but politicians have to make the decisions .
We need to say to the ACMD , " You have 28 days to ban this . "
It 's not rocket science .
We also need to gather drugs intelligence in the same way we gather anti-terrorism information . '
MP Brian Iddon , meanwhile , argues a more radical position , one few politicians are keen to hear , much less advocate .
' Since the war on drugs started , usage has escalated , ' he says .
' Legal enforcements do not work .
Supply - side control does not work .
We have to reduce or minimise demand .
You 'll never stop it .
We have to get the health risks of drugs across to young people early in secondary schools . '
The last time new drugs sparked such a fevered response was in the late Eighties , when ecstasy exploded onto the British music scene .
However , TV and press coverage of outdoor raves unintentionally brought the new drug into the orbit , if not the pockets , of millions of young British people throughout the following decades .
A similar scenario has now played out with mephedrone and other legal highs .
To understand the chaos we are in today in the UK , you need to trace the decades - old links between an octogenarian chemist in California , makeshift essential oil distilleries in the Cardamom Mountains of Cambodia , laboratories such as Eric 's in Shanghai , nightclubs in the UK and hippy shops in towns like Scunthorpe .
What ties them all together is the internet .
Alexander Shulgin , now aged 84 , has been called the godfather of ecstasy - a title he , as a scientist , hates .
In the late Fifties , in common with other intellectuals , Shulgin had tried mescaline - a natural and at that time legal hallucinogen produced by cacti .
He was so profoundly affected by the experience that he gave over the rest of his life to radical psychedelic research .
He considered , correctly , that if he tinkered with the molecules of the drug ( which belongs to a chemical class known as phenethylamines ) , the new compounds would have novel and interesting effects .
He was right , and he produced hundreds of new drugs .
Newspaper reports on the inability of teachers to confiscate legal highs
On September 12 , 1976 , Shulgin synthesised MDMA , the principal component of ecstasy .
He introduced it to his friends , many of whom worked in psychotherapy .
They found the drug 's dismantling of social barriers and personal inhibitions useful in their work .
Shulgin was working with a U.S. government - approved licence , which saw him producing samples of outlawed drugs to help the Drug Enforcement Agency ; police needed verified samples of drugs against which to compare their seizures .
His production techniques used easy - to - acquire chemicals .
For ecstasy , this involved safrole , an essential oil produced by distilling the root bark of certain trees .
He published his work in a book PiHKAL : A Chemical Love Story , which was bought by hundreds of underground chemists .
Illegal production got underway .
In 1994 , the DEA raided Shulgin 's laboratory - allegedly finding problems with his record keeping - but by then his research was already in the public domain .
The resignation of members of the Advisory Council on the Misuse of Drugs members
The rapid commercial growth of the internet in the mid-Nineties saw the growth of communities of self - styled ' psychonauts ' - drug-users who hunted online for firms selling legal drugs .
Hundreds of powerful drugs were available until 2004 , when a U.S. - UK anti-drugs operation , Operation Ismene , clamped down on their sale .
Police raided firms in the U.S. and homes in Britain and arrested 22 people for buying a Shulgin - designed hallucinogen , 2CI ( illegal in the UK ) .
Over the past few years , scientists in China have been doing much the same thing as Shulgin - altering the molecules of one drug to produce another with similar properties .
Nothing , not even legal barriers , can stop their innovation now a market has developed .
The reason is profit .
The locus of the legal drug market has shifted to China , where production is cheap .
Now Beijing has part - liberalised its economy , it is trading more freely with the West .
However , it lacks the infrastructure to deal with corrupt customs officials and local government .
A flood of new or seldom - seen drugs is appearing with greater frequency than ever before .
Mephedrone has been joined by buphedrone , flephedrone , ethylone and butylone .
And those are just the ones scientists have identified .
There 's a reason these drugs took over from ecstasy .
In July 2008 , in Pursat , 170 km west of Cambodian capital Phnom Penh , UN anti-drug officers destroyed 30 tons of safrole - rich oil , which was to be used by clandestine chemists in Holland to make ecstasy , using Shulgin 's recipe .
The oil , confiscated over the preceding weeks and months , had been distilled from the roots of the mreah prew phnom tree in jungle labs that produced an average of 60 litres a day .
If it had got to Holland , it could have been synthesised into 245 million doses of ecstasy .
Instead , it was burnt .
The impact was profound and lasting and inadvertently caused the mephedrone phenomenon .
Throughout 2007 and 2008 , health and drug professionals reported the clubbing scene had been taken over by a new class of drugs , piperazines .
These are used in the production of a number of medicines , as worming treatment for animals , or compounds designed to induce migraines in medical research .
Their effects are powerful , but often unpleasant .
They are legal , cheap and made an ideal replacement for ecstasy dealers following the Cambodian clampdown .
About then , at the start of 2007 , the internet was a - buzz over the release of two new legal products : Neo Doves and Sub Coca .
Normally , legal highs were a ripo , a hotch - potch of herbs , piperazines and caffeine .
But these new products , sold by a firm in Israel named BioRepublik , were different , and the firm refused to reveal what was in them .
Sold in capsules , users were unanimous that they worked , and said they felt like a cross between ecstasy and cocaine .
Their contents may have been a mystery - but it was a mystery worth solving .
They were selling in their hundreds of thousands .
It was no surprise they were selling so well - they were addictive , and scarily so ; users reported going on crazed binges for days .
Soon , information emerged online that BioRepublik 's products contained a new drug - the most popular of which was 4 - methylmethcathinone , or mephedrone , a previously unseen chemical on the global drug market .
There was serious money to be made and a huge human experiment was under way , with young drug users all over the world turning themselves into lab rats .
Almost immediately , unscrupulous entrepreneurs were Googling for chemistry labs in China and getting them to synthesise the drug .
' The designers of mephedrone stumbled across something with the pharmacology somewhere between cocaine and ecstasy that was cheap , legal and freely available , ' says Dr Ramsey .
' And this coincided with a drop in the quality and availability of other drugs . '
In a matter of weeks it had descended into a mad free - for - all , a chemical gold - rush with dozens of new players popping up daily .
The new drugs could be bought for around £ 1,000 to £ 2,500 per kilo and sold for £ 10,000 - legally .
Internet forums dedicated to selling and discussing mephedrone and other new legal highs came online .
Websites with garish branding skirted British trade , food and medicine laws by selling the new drugs as ' plant food ' with rave - style graphics and absurd instructions : ' Water your plants no more than once a week .
Will make your garden bloom !'
Then things got even more bizarre , thanks again to the internet .
The Google Adsense programme , which automatically generates advertisements from keywords paid for by businesses , started adding links to online mephedrone shops at the end of online newspaper articles calling for it to be banned .
Mephedrone and other legal highs received a vast , free boost with adverts paid for by the very organisations that wanted to ban them .
Google was not checking what its advertisers sold before they ran the ads , and newspapers had no control of the ads that Google was generating on its web pages .
The search giant took down dozens of legal high ads the day I alerted them to their presence .
Facebook groups and blogs dedicated to the drug sprang up , and pubs and clubs all over Britain began to reek of mephedrone , which often has a fishy , synthetic smell , and which is sweated out as users dance and rant emptily .
At the height of the madness came the first reports of a death .
Gabrielle Price , a 14 - year - old girl from Hastings , died in November 2009 after a night when she had taken the drug .
The newspapers reported the tragedy but , again , the automatically generated Google ads beneath the reports showed people exactly where they could buy this new , legal drug .
It had gone viral .
In March , the ACMD told the Home Secretary in its recommendations on banning mephedrone that Google 's ' insights for search ' tool , which analyses user searches , demonstrates how every death attributed to the drug in newspaper reports coincided with a massive spike in searches for the term ' buy mephedrone online ' .
By the time the cause of Gabrielle 's death was known - she died of pulmonary problems and a bronchial infection both unrelated to the mephedrone , ketamine and alcohol she 'd taken - the adverts for online drug shops had vanished .
And the story does n't end here .
Ramsey says the designer - drug genie may be out of the bottle .
' Now people have discovered mephedrone , they 'll look for others .
It will be interesting to see if the new control kills the market or if goes underground .
That 's the dilemma for legislators : is controlling it the best way ? '
We call Eric to cancel our order , telling him as honest businessmen , we only want to sell legal drugs , and hoping he can reveal what was in the new compound he showed us in the lab .
He mails back , swatting away such trivial concerns as British drug law .
He sends a link to the UK Government 's Office of Public Sector Information , which details how the Misuse of Drugs Act is to be amended to reflect the ban on mephedrone .
No worries , though .
He tells us he 's ready to do business .
' We can supply new legal stuff for the UK .
It falls outside all laws currently regarding research chemicals .
This is a snow - white powder .
The purity is above 99.8 per cent .
Sorry , we cannot disclose the ingredient now .
This is our technical know - how .
If others know it , they will copy our products , and this product will be ruined very quickly like mephedrone .
So we should keep secrecy at this moment .
It can't possibly be banned yet because it was only invented a few months ago . '
Already reports have surfaced online about horrific overdoses on these new drugs , with people in their twenties being hospitalised with heart trouble and panic attacks .
And the name of the new highs ?
Eric says we can call them whatever we like .
Some vendors are calling it Energy - 1 , others NRG - 1 .
None of them know what it is - and Eric tells us he has lied to some vendors to spread confusion , saying the new drug is naphyrone .
Without expensive testing , we can't know for sure what they are .
Their real name is his secret .
Below are two messages from the 1920s , both sent to the same man — Frederick Banting — as a result of his enormous contribution to a scientific development which to this day continues to save the lives of many .
That development was the discovery and isolation of insulin .
The first is a letter of thanks from one of the first batch of diabetic patients — a grateful young boy named Teddy Ryder who , due to the groundbreaking treatment , lived to the age of 76 .
That same year , 1923 , Frederick Banting and J. J. R. Macleod were jointly awarded the Nobel Prize in Medicine for their efforts .
They were notified by way of the telegram also seen below .
Transcripts follow .
( Source : Discovery of Insulin Collection at the University of Toronto Library ; Image of Banting via Wikipedia . )
Transcripts
DEAR DR .
BANTING , I WISH YOU COULD COME TO SEE ME .
I AM A FAT BOY NOW AND I FEEL FINE .
I CAN CLIMB A TREE .
MARGARET WOULD LIKE TO SEE YOU .
LOTS OF LOVE FROM TEDDY RYDER — — — — —
—- CANADIAN PACIFIC RAILWAY COMPANY ’S TELEGRAPH
TELEGRAM
CABLE CONNECTIONS TO ALL THE WORLD
J. McMILLAN , General Manager of Telegraphs , Montreal .
187AXJW -38 VIA HX OCT 25TH
STOCKHOLM DOCTOR FREDERICK G BANTING
INSTITUTE OF PHYSIOLOGY
TORONTO CANADA THE THE ROYAL CAROLINE INSTITUTE HAS PRESENTED TO YOU TOGETHER WITH PROFESSOR W J R MACLEOD THE NOBEL PRIZE OF THE YEAR 1923 .
YOURS SINCERELY HJALMAR FORSSNER PRINCIPAL OF THE INSITTUTE 1030PM
J’ai lu cette nuit une info en provenance de l’INRIA qui a développé un outil baptisé BlueBear , encore à l’état de PoC ( Proof of Concept ) mais qui va remettre de l’eau au moulin des Hadopistes acharnés ( et des anti hadopiste ) .
En effet , suite à la découverte de failles dans le protocole de Bittorrent , Stevens Le Blond , Pere Manils et Arnaud Legout ( ainsi que d’autres chercheurs ) ont réussi à mettre au point une technique qui leur permet :
D’identifier les fournisseurs de contenus .
Non pas les simple seeders , mais carrément le patient 0 qui est à l’origine de la mise à disposition d’un fichier sur le réseau p2 p .
D’identifier tous les pairs ( peer 2 peer ) qui se mettent en relation afin d’échanger des fichiers et ainsi établir une cartographie de qui télécharge quoi chez qui .
D’identifier les petits malins qui se cachent derrière le réseau
Tor pour utiliser Bittorrent
Ah ouais , rien que ça !
J’ai donc pris la peine de contacter les gens de l’INRIA qui en plus d’être très sympathiques , ont bien voulu répondre à mes questions …
1- Tout d’abord pour trouver ce seeder 0 , Bluebear utilise 2 techniques …
Tout d’abord il récupère toutes les minutes la liste des nouveaux fichiers torrents sur les sites de partage de référence ( genre The Pirate Bay ) , puis il se connecte immédiatement au fichier torrent .
A partir de là , vu qu’il est dans les premiers leechers , il y a de forte chance qu’il se connecte directement au seeder initial , pouvant ainsi facilement relever son adresse IP .
Si cela n’est pas possible car le torrent tourne déjà depuis un moment et qu’il y a beaucoup de seeders ( par popularité ou parce qu’un torrent privé est devenu public ) , Bluebear emploie une seconde méthode .
Celle - ci consiste à se connecter aux sites web qui regroupent les torrents uploadés par un même utilisateur ( site genre Eztv avec login / pass pour les seeders ) .
Bluebear récupère alors tous les torrents propres à cet utilisateur et ressort l’adresse IP qui est la plus souvent présente lors de la récupération de ces fichiers ( et qui , bien sûr , n’est pas présente dans les autres torrents n’appartenant pas à ce user ) .
Ils peuvent ainsi en déduire que c’est l’IP du seeder original .
Arnaud m’a aussi expliqué que dans les cas où les sites n’identifiaient pas leurs utilisateurs par un login , il restait quand même possible de recouper certaines infos ( type de contenu , nom du fichier , encodage , date de publication , nom de la team…etc ) afin de remonter à la seed initiale .
Evidement , dans certaines communautés , comme Eztv , les utilisateurs sont encouragés à distribuer d’abord le fichier dans communauté assez réduite de partageurs de confiance , avant de sortir le torrent au grand public .
Bluebear est capable de « reconnaitre » cette communauté sans toutefois savoir qui est vraiment la partageur 0 .
Ça reste quand même génant …
Tout cela est très malin , il suffisait d’y penser ( et de le faire bien sûr ) mais ça reste un travail d’enquête qui permet de porter de gros soupçons sur un releaser sans avoir forcement la certitude absolue qu’il est bien le premier à partager ce fichier .
Mais est ce que cela est une preuve suffisante pour l’Hadopi ?
Vu leurs méthodes de travail jusqu’à maintenant , je dirai que oui …
( La vous êtes déjà tout bleu … attendez c’est pas fini )
2- Pour ce qui est de l’identification de tous les échanges ( toutes les poignées de main ) qui transitent sur un tracker , BlueBear utilise les requêtes scrapes des trackers afin d’obtenir tous les infohash .
Ensuite , il parcourt chacun de ces infohash ( qui correspondent à des fichiers torrent ) avec un client bittorrent de leur cru , afin d’obtenir les adresses IP des personnes qui sont en train de récupérer ce torrent .
Ainsi , ils arrivent a retrouver 90 % des pairs effectuées pour l’échange de ce torrent .
Dès qu’ils ont ces pairs , ils ne leur reste plus qu’à faire correspondre l’infohash avec le fichier torrent qui va bien , simplement en allant les récupérer sur des sites web genre The Pirate Bay .
databGrâce à cette technique , Bluebear est capable de récupérer 5 à 10 millions d’adresses IP s’échangeant environ 2 millions de .torrents en ( tenez vous bien ) , 30 minutes avec un simple PC .
C’est donc hyper rapide .
Concrêtement , grâce à cette faille , ils peuvent dire que telle IP a échangé tel fichier avec telle autre IP sur le tracker X à telle heure .
C’est fiable et sans bavure .
( La vous êtes déjà tout vert … attendez c’est pas fini )
3- J’ai ensuite voulu mieux comprendre cette histoire de réseau TOR .
BlueBear est capable de trouver la véritable adresse IP d’un ordinateur connecté à un tracker via TOR .
Comment ?
Et bien il faut savoir que la techno DHT qui permet de mettre en relation les pairs sur bittorrent utilise le protocole UDP .
Et malheureusement pour les pirates , UDP n’est pas un protocole relayé par TOR .
Donc chaque client qui se connecte sur un tracker en DHT , utilise sa véritable IP .
Ensuite Bluebear n’a qu’a observer simplement un noeud de sortie TOR ( exit node ) , relever le n° du port utilisé ( qui est le plus souvent choisi aléatoirement par le client bittorrent ) , et ensuite aller consulter la DHT ( Distributed Hash Table ) pour retrouver qui télécharge tel infohash depuis ce n° de port particulier .
Et comme expliqué juste avant , à partir de la DHT , il est rapide d’obtenir la véritable IP du pair .
Ce que m’a confirmé aussi Arnaud , c’est que cette méthode est aussi applicable pour d’autres flux réseau , que ce soit du web ou de la VoIP .
En effet , à partir du moment où vous utilisez Bittorrent + DHT via TOR ( donc qu’on connait la correspondance entre votre véritable adresse IP et le noeud TOR ) , il est assez simple de retrouver aussi l’origine du trafic web ou VoIP que vous faites sortir par ce noeud TOR car il emprunte le même chemin que celui de Bittorrent .
Ça craint donc .
Il devient en effet relativement simple de savoir qui échange quoi , et quand .
Evidement , ceci n’est possible que parce qu’il y a des failles dans le protocole bittorrent ou dans les trackers mais selon les chercheurs de l’INRIA , il y en a tellement que même si certaines sont corrigées , d’autres permettront toujours d’arriver au même résultat .
C’est la première fois que je vois une possibilité technique concrète et suffisamment évoluée pour permettre « d’attraper » les téléchargeurs sur Bittorrent .
Je salue l’exploit technique de l’INRIA en tout cas même si c’est clairement flippant .
J’espère que la technologie Bluebear ne tombera pas aux mains de gens comme TMG car ça va vite devenir un carnage .
En attendant , la seule solution pour se protéger efficacement contre l’exploitation de ces failles c’est :
Si vous passez par TOR , de désactiver absolument l’utilisation de la DHT dans votre client bittorrent ( ça fonctionne pour le moment mais les chercheurs de l’INRIA planchent déjà sur d’autres failles n’exploitant pas la DHT )
Utiliser un VPN de confiance ( du genre qui ne met pas ses logs à disposition de la justice …
Mais y’en a t-il vraiment ???)
Encore merci à Arnaud Legout d’avoir partagé sa science du réseau Bittorrent avec nous tous .
Vous pouvez oublier le suicide au Seedfuck et commencer à prier bande de vilains tipiak ;-) ) ) ( ou alors passer à des moyens de téléchargement plus sûrs )
Si le sujet vous intéresse , vous trouverez ici un PDF en anglais qui explique tout cela plus en détail ainsi qu’une présentation PDF de Stevens Leblond .
[ Source et photo ]
G - 20 summit : 6 countries in recovery View photos
The G - 20's six largest economies took a big hit during the global recession in the past year and a half .
Challenges remain but most appear on the path to recovery .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Do n't look for Iran to throw up the white flag anytime soon .
The Obama administration is scrambling to tighten trade sanctions against Iran after the disclosure last week that Tehran was hiding a heavily fortified facility that many believe is designed to make material for nuclear weapons .
But the kind of sanctions that would really hit Iran 's economy - sanctions against its energy industry - are thought to be off the table because China and other nations are too reliant on Iran 's oil .
" They look to Iran as a major source of future oil supplies , " said James Placke , a senior associate at Cambridge Energy Research Associates who specializes in the Middle East .
" They 'd have to go through a substantial policy reversal , and I 'd be surprised if they did that . "
The United States and its allies can tighten sanctions all they want - The United States already has extensive sanctions against Tehran .
But without the Chinese on board sanctions do n't have the official weight of the United Nations Security Council , and are thus taken less seriously by the world community .
Iran is vulnerable to sanctions on both oil it exports and the gasoline it imports .
The oil side is where the country generates serious money , and an embargo could come in the form of restricting oil sales or imports of equipment designed to increase production from the country 's aging oil fields .
Iran is the world 's fourth - largest crude exporter and holds the planet 's third - largest supply of proven oil reserves , according to the Energy Information Administration .
The country exported nearly two and half million barrels of oil a day in 2008 .
Oil exports account for nearly half the government 's revenues and most of those exports go to Asian countries , with China taking a big chunk .
The Chinese rely on Iran for 15 % of their oil imports .
Moreover , China has been investing heavily in the country as it looks to lock up resources for its growing economy .
Meanwhile , interest from Japanese , European and Canadian firms wanes in the face of U.S pressure .
State - run Chinese oil firms are now thought to have deals worth over $ 100 billion with Iran .
And even though the Russians have signaled a recent willingness to step up sanctions - perhaps due to Obama 's plans to scrap a missile defense system in Central Europe - it 's thought that they 're still not willing to go after Iran 's energy sector .
" Russia and China are n't yet at the point where they 'll be willing to cut off oil and gas investment in Iran , " said Michael Levi , a senior fellow for energy and the environment at Council on Foreign Relations .
Squeezing Iran 's gasoline imports is another tack sometimes called for by sanction hawks .
Despite being a huge oil producer , Iran lacks the refining capacity to turn all that crude into gasoline .
As a result , it imports up to half of the gasoline it consumes .
Much of that gasoline comes from India .
But barring a Security Council resolution , India is n't likely to stop these shipments for a few reasons :
It 's big business ; India imports a lot of crude from Iran ; India does n't ' want Iran getting any closer to China , India 's long - time rival in the region ; and India has its eye on getting natural gas imports from a huge field Iran controls under the Persian Gulf .
" I imagine India would find a rational reason in their foreign policy for not doing that , " said Placke , who was a deputy assistant secretary of state for near eastern affairs before joining Cambridge .
All of this bodes ill for those in Washington trying to cajole Iran into halting its suspected nuclear weapons program .
So if sanctions do n't work , then what ?
The military option may have severe repercussions .
Facing heavily guarded facilities , a bombing campaign may only succeed in merely delaying any weapons program Iran might have , and bolster the current hardline administration in the process .
It may also invite reprisals from Iran 's proxies in the West Bank , Gaza Strip , or Iraq .
From an energy perspective , Iran may retaliate by attempting to choke off Gulf oil exports through the Strait of Hormuz or , more likely , strike Saudi Arabia 's main oil loading facility at Ras Tanura .
But a nuclear armed Iran could also have severe repercussions .
While many analysts say the talk of annihilating Israel may well be political bluster , touching off a nuclear arms race in the Middle East is all but certain .
Turkey , Saudi Arabia , and maybe Egypt would all scramble to develop their own bomb .
" Some talk casually about striking Iran and some talk casually about Iran with a bomb , but they 're both horrible scenarios , " said Steve Clemons , director of the American Strategy Program at the New America Foundation .
" We 're not investing enough in creating non-nightmare scenarios . "
I am not , in a strictly factual sense , Jewish .
But put to one side my Asian looks , ignore my Pakistani parentage and overlook my Muslim name , and I could easily be one of the children of Israel .
When I read , in these pages , Jonathan Margolis 's personal piece about being " Jew-ish " rather than Jewish , the bells were ringing in my head , too .
What with my extensive collection of Woody Allen and Curb Your Enthusiasm DVDs , I 've always thought I would n't have to change my life hugely if I were to wake up and find my name changed from Sarfraz to Seth .
And so , inspired by the release of The Infidel , a sweet new comedy written by David Baddiel about a Muslim taxi driver who discovers he is actually Jewish , I decided to put my theory to the test by spending a month " living Jewish " .
My journey began in Golders Green in London on the last Sunday of February , with an invitation to attend a family meal celebrating the festival of Purim .
I 'm not sure what I was expecting , walking into the house , but it certainly was n't a throng of young children dressed in Chinese costumes and a rabbi with comedy contact lenses and a large clock round his neck , looking like a kosher hip - hop star .
Purim , I learned , was one of the jollier Jewish festivals , and largely for the benefit of children .
Well , that explained the costumes – the Chinese theme was never fully explained .
The hip - hop rabbi was Canadian and spoke in a declamatory voice , as if in permanent preacher mode .
When he learned what I was , he immediately began firing questions and hurling accusations .
I felt as if I was being put on the spot .
" It is n't my fault , " I said , nibbling on fried seaweed .
" We are not all the same , we do n't all think alike . "
It did n't seem to work – when will people stop thinking all Guardian writers are the same ?
To lighten the mood , I asked how he felt about mixed - faith relationships .
" It 's treason , " he boomed .
" It is betraying your religion and everything you are . "
I concluded he was n't strongly in favour and suggested he meet my mother : " You 'd have a lot in common . "
Our conversation was interrupted by the photographer needing some pictures .
" I hope all this chumming with Jews does n't get me a fatwa , " I said , as the rabbi mugged for the camera .
" Do n't worry , we 'll find a place to hide you , " I heard someone respond .
There was a knock on the door and another rabbi – this time dressed in a jester 's hat – swept into the room , accompanied by a gaggle of children sporting brightly coloured Afro wigs .
When I introduced myself , the jester - hatted rabbi promptly invited me to an event he had helped organise : " We are re-enacting the Exodus , " he said .
" Sounds great , " I replied .
The re-enactment took place two Sundays later in a warehouse opposite the BBC – the British Bathroom Company – a short bus ride from the Brent Cross shopping centre in north London .
Inside , the audience was entirely Jewish : men with brimmed hats and ringlets and women clasping half a dozen children .
I thought Muslims had a lot of children until I started spending time with Jewish people .
Dressed in my tweed jacket and conspicuously not wearing a large black hat , I was the only non-Jew present – and I could n't have felt more out of place if I 'd been stark naked with " Long live Palestine " tattooed on my chest .
The event had been organised by the youth wing of an ultra-orthodox Jewish sect whose name translated as " Army of God " .
I wanted to tell the organisers that we had an Army of God in Islam , too – better known by its Arabic name of Hezbollah – but I did n't have the chutzpah .
The rabbi had promised me that the Exodus Experience was a spectacular journey back in time , a chance to witness the brutal slavery imposed on the Jewish people , and to relive the 10 plagues and the parting of the Red Sea .
In fact , the production was more B&Q then B DeMille : the parting of the Red Sea looked a lot like the opening of two painted wooden doors , and the plagues were revisited by dropping plastic frogs from the ceiling .
Moses spoke with an American accent as he encouraged us all to join him in pleading with the pharaoh – also American – to " let my people go ! "
But while it may have been cheap and somewhat hammy , I could see why parents brought their children here .
Religions are kept alive by the retelling of stories , and the Exodus Experience was a way of reminding these children where they had come from .
A few days later , I visited the newly re-opened Jewish Museum .
The museum included displays that recreated life in the East End of London when it was a primarily Jewish area ; many of the working - class Jews there worked as tailors and seamstresses .
That was also how my mother made money when I was young – dressmaking being an acceptable job for an Asian woman .
The Jewish Museum also included a section on the racism suffered by Jews and , again , the parallels were stark : the same insults they faced in the early part of the last century resurface now against Muslims .
History repeats itself , but how many Muslims visit the Jewish Museum to learn that lesson ?
Feeling like I was beginning to overdose on history , I spent the following week delving into Jewish comedy and music .
I went to see Ivor Dembina , a Jewish comedian who did a routine about his recent trip to Israel , and visited the Klezmer Klub in an upstairs room of a central London pub to listen to tales of East - End Jewish life sung in Yiddish , accompanied by fiddles and accordions .
For Alex , a woman I spoke to during the concert , it was a way of remaining connected to her culture .
" My grandmother is 92 and a proper East - End Jew , " she told me .
" When I listen to this music , it makes me feel closer to her . "
I understood exactly what she meant – the soundtracks to old Indian films fulfil that same role for me .
I cannot listen to that music without being reminded of nights as a young boy spent watching Bollywood classics with my late father .
I so enjoyed the concert that I signed up to join a klezmer band , and found myself , a few days later , in a brightly lit classroom with a ukulele in my lap , trying to play along with a couple of fiddlers , a guitarist and an accordion player .
The teacher , Meg , plays in a brilliant klezmer ensemble called She 'koyokh , but like most of the band and the students , she is not actually Jewish .
" Why do n't you just join in and play D and G chords ? " she said .
I tried to do this , but my lack of timing was quickly clear .
" How about you stick with just the D ? "
When I was not even able to manage this , she suggested that I just try " to enjoy myself and not worry about joining in " .
I felt my Jewish journey had gone well so far – but the two big tests were still to come : food and women .
I love my culture 's cuisine and had never tasted Jewish cooking , so I invited Denise Phillips , a chef who specialises in it , to my flat to teach me how to make chicken soup and challah bread .
Both were , she told me , quintessentially Jewish dishes , but I had trouble believing that about the bread – it even had Allah in the name .
Denise was glamorous and terrifying in equal measure , and things started badly when it transpired that I had confused my food blender for a processor .
Denise looked faintly appalled , but I tried to cheer her up by saying that , from my cursory understanding of Jewish history , Moses also managed without a food processor .
We went to buy the ingredients .
I had heard that Muslims could eat kosher meat but I was n't sure , so I suggested we make halal chicken soup .
Denise told me she could n't be seen walking into a halal butcher 's , because " I have a reputation to keep " .
As we chopped the vegetables in my kitchen and plonked them into the water where the chicken meat was boiling , Denise told me about Jewish cooking – separating milk and meat ; the importance of kosher ; and the historical origins of meals such as unleavened bread .
Meanwhile , the soup simmered away .
A few hours later , the food was ready .
Because my meal was n't kosher Denise was n't able to eat it , so it was up to me .
The bread was delicious .
I sipped the chicken soup .
Denise had told me it was the Jewish penicillin – and she was right : two teaspoons were about enough .
" It tastes very homely , " I said , but the truth was I found it too bland and not nearly spicy enough .
Keep your chicken soup , I felt like saying to Denise , I 'll stick to chicken jalfrezi .
It was the week before Passover and my Jewish month was almost at an end .
I had sampled Jewish family celebrations , history , comedy , music and food .
I already have a girlfriend , but I was still keen to find out about the dating lives of single Jews .
The Jewish Community Centre was holding an alternative Seder and this was , I was told , the sort of event that single Jewish men and women attended in the hope of finding kosher love .
Throughout my month , pretty much everyone I met told me that dating outside the faith was a complete no - no .
The rabbi had said so at the Purim dinner , Denise had said so while cooking chicken soup , and now 23 - year - old Ella repeated the same line .
" The things I am looking for in a man are rarely found in a non-Jew , " she said .
What are they ?
I asked .
" A connection with one 's Judaism , " she said , and I had to agree that she would have a hard time finding that in a non-Jew .
" But surely you can find connections about things that are not to do with religion ? " I asked .
" I just do n't connect with people who are not Jewish , " she replied , " and anyway , marriage is a way of passing on traditions and history – I want my kids to be able to share those traditions . "
This preoccupation with marrying within the religion reminded me of what it is like being Muslim , and trying to convince one 's family that love is no respecter of which god , if any , you pray to .
But what was different was that among the Muslims I knew , that pressure was coming from parents , whereas here it seemed that it was young Jews themselves who were determined to marry within the religion .
" It 's all right for you , " one man told me .
" There 's like a billion Muslims out there – there are only nine million of us Jews , so it 's more important that we stick together . "
It was the first Friday of April and my time being Jewish was almost at an end .
I had met countless people whom I would never usually have encountered in my life .
Some were self - declared orthodox , and others described themselves as cultural or even atheist Jews – but all were certain that they were Jewish .
That Judaism was big enough to find a space for so many varieties of Jew I found really impressive – if only Islam was more like that .
Jews seem more able to laugh at their religion than Muslims , although you might also say they find it easier to choose when they want to stress their Jewish identity .
Yet , despite these differences , what really struck me was the many similarities .
I had always believed that Muslims and Jews had masses in common : we both love circumcision and ritualised slaughter – of animals , usually .
I had n't realised that Muslims can even eat meat that is kosher , but Jews can not eat halal meat .
Muslims and Jews also share a persecution complex : Jews complain that others think they rule the world , and Muslims complain that everyone thinks they want to rule the world .
Muslims and Jews are so close that they both believe that the same piece of land is their historical home .
After a month of living Jewish , I came away wishing more people – both Muslims and Jews – would step outside of their social bubbles and spend time in the other community .
That way they too would be reminded of that banal but powerful truth , that underneath the skull caps and the headscarves , whether we eat chicken soup or chicken jalfrezi , we really are more similar than we are different .
• This article was amended on 8 April 2010 .
The original referred to an alternative Cedar at the Jewish Cultural Centre .
This was wrong on two counts .
The correct spelling is Seder and the event was held at the Jewish Community Centre for London .
This has now been corrected .
APRIL 9-- As we reported earlier this week , Tasha Lee Cantrell , 19 , was arrested early Monday morning after she made the mistake of popping open a can of malt liquor while seated in the back of a police car .
Cantrell , who was being driven to her Fort Walton Beach home by Okaloosa County Sheriff 's Office Deputy Mitchell Landis , had been a passenger in a vehicle whose driver was arrested for DUI .
As seen below , video from Landis 's cruiser showed the deputy searching Cantrell 's bag for contraband before she was allowed into the police vehicle ( clip # 1 ) .
Somehow , he missed the 24 - ounce can of Steel Reserve that Cantrell would later stealthily remove from its zebra-striped enclosure .
After sneaking a sip , Cantrell was quickly busted by Landis , who was monitoring his passenger via an onboard camera pointed into the back seat .
When Landis stopped the car and opened the passenger door , Cantrell tucked the beer can between her legs ( clip # 2 ) .
After directing Cantrell to step out of the car , Landis arrested her for underage drinking .
He then asked , " Why do you think you can drink a beer in the back of a cop car ? "
The handcuffed woman could only respond , " I have no right answer for you . "
The video was provided to TSG after Cantrell , pictured in the mug shot at left , entered a no contest plea Tuesday in Circuit Court , where she was ordered to pay court costs and a fine totaling about $ 500 .
As Cantrell waited for Landis to bring her in for booking , she apparently noticed the camera recording her musings and sought to obscure its view with a well - placed sandal ( clip # 3 ) . ( 1 page )
I am not an attorney , but being in business forces one to pick up a bit of the legal perspective .
What is foremost in the American legal system ?
Justice ?
Perhaps for those fighting the good fight in criminal courts , but for the vast majority of those toiling away in the dark labyrinth of the U.S. judicial system , the key is always liability : who is liable , and what is their exposure ?
With good reason , many see the SEC 's tepid pinprick into the gargantuan body of the vampire squid as an effective bit of political theatre .
After four long years of the blogosphere pounding on the implicit and explicit fraud at the heart of mortgage - backed securities and the derivatives written against them , and 1.25 years of their own humiliating derriere - kissing of Wall Street , the Democrats sorely need to establish some bonafides that they really , really , really are not beholden to Wall Street ( even if they are ) .
So some sort of simulacrum " crackdown " is needed lest their political power be eroded or even demolished in the November 2010 elections .
There is even a slight chance that the Democratic leadership prompted this precise timing to light a fire under reluctant Republican senators to pass some sort of gutted , weak , sure - to - be- unenforced " financial reform . "
Once again , for purposes of political theatre , it is important for the Democrats to pass a simulacrum " reform " of Wall Street to appease the frightfully hot public anger at the craven obedience of the political class to the whims and wishes of the big banks and Wall Street .
Meanwhile , as the Republicans claim to have their fingers on " the pulse of Middle America , " their Wall Street - soiled fingers are actually clasped on the cold wrist of the corpse of their own credibility .
Resisting bank / financial reform , even a watered - down version , will eviscerate what little credibility the Repubs have left after lording over the destruction of the U.S. economy and their despicable rewarding of Wall Street for eight dreadful years ( 2001 - 2008 ) .
In other words , both parties desperately need some political theatre to mask their enslavement to Wall Street and the big banks .
This SEC action fits the bill very nicely , along with calling a few incredibly wealthy former CEOs up to Congress for a public flaying .
Note to Congress : did any of you ever hear of the book Fiasco : The Inside Story of a Wall Street Trader which laid out in 1999 precisely how derivatives are gamed to defraud the buyers ?
Claims of ignorance only make our elected officials even more pathetic , craven and hypocritical -- if that is possible .
Let 's establish a few things about the SEC action against Goldman Sachs .
1 . After four years of doing nothing to enforce the rules already on the books and being derided as a toothless tool of lobbyists and bankers , would the SEC choose a case they might lose ?
No .
They carefully selected the strongest case they have .
They are laughingstocks , and the best of the public servants in the SEC will obviously be wanting to redeem the besmirched honor of their once - respected agency .
Let 's also ask " cui bono " ( to whose benefit ? ) of the SEC lead attorneys .
Times are tough even in the legal profession , and anyone scoring a direct hit on the most hated and loathed institution in America , the vampire squid of Goldman Sachs , will see a nice boost in his / her career trajectory .
2 . What liability will be established if the government wins its case ?
Goldman
Sachs will base its defense on trying to gut any claims of willful intent to commit fraud , but I am guessing that somewhere in the statutes are a few regulations or laws which do not require proving willful intent to get a conviction or ruling of malfeasance , fraud , embezzlement , failure to disclose material facts , etc .
Any conviction for any financial crime , however modest it might appear , will open the squid to charges of malfeasance , fraud , embezzlement , failure to disclose material facts , etc. , from everyone who was sold a securities or derivative by Goldman Sachs within the past seven years .
That 's a lot of liability .
3. Can Goldman Sachs ' protectors in the U.S. Treasury ( Tim Geithner et al. ) limit the lawsuits of private parties against Goldman ?
No , they can't .
4. Can Goldman 's apologists in Congress openly limit the liability they face from private parties / investors without committing political seppuku / hara - kiri ?
The Mainstream Media and Washington 's politico toadies will be betting that the new TV season in September will distract the American populace from the whole issue , and by the November elections , voters will have forgotten Goldman Sachs and Wall Street , especially if those with substantial 401Ks see their accounts rising .
I think the toadies and MSM Elites have sorely misjudged the abiding hatred of the American public for Goldman Sachs , Wall Street , and the Federal government 's bailout of " too big to fail " banks .
But let 's grant them the benefit of the doubt and agree that the clueless , sedated , distracted , games - TV - entertainment - addicted American citizenry will forget about Goldman Sachs and boring financial reform by November .
The toadies and MSM Elites are forgetting that Goldman Sachs now faces a stupendous liability to all the private parties it defrauded .
Let 's walk through this from the point of view of an agency , county , city , pension fund , etc. which has lost money from an MBS , CDO , credit default swap or other derivative underwritten by Goldman Sachs .
Filing a lawsuit against GS claiming malfeasance , fraud , embezzlement , failure to disclose material facts , etc. is a slam - dunk .
These local governments and funds already have attorneys on staff ; filing a lawsuit is cheap , and very importantly , it places the agency / fund / county etc. in the pool of entities which will receive a piece of any swag wrung from Goldman Sachs .
Let 's also note that there are thousands of starving attorneys nowadays without jobs or prospects .
Hundreds of lawsuits pending against Goldman Sachs and the other " too big to fail " Wall Street firms will provide much - needed work and much - desired opportunities to shine .
As noted above , ramming a harpoon into the thrashing body of Goldman will advance a career most admirably and could result in huge payouts to the victorious legal firms .
The SEC case against Goldman Sachs may well be the match which lights a bonfire which will burn for years to come .
If I were an attorney seeking a chunk of history and GS / Wall Street swag , I would locate the jurisdictions which have a history of ruling against Wall Street and then pare the list down to those in states with appellate / district courts which have backed up rulings against banks .
I would then locate cities , counties , funds , agencies and companies which bought some toxic paper , MBS , derivatives , etc. from Goldman Sachs , Citicorp , Bank of America , etc. , and then I would file an exploratory lawsuit just to get in on any windfall down the road .
A smart lawyer will very likely establish sufficient grounds to subpoena all the GS records relating to the derivative sold to their client , and then pull it apart , piece by piece , to build a case for malfeasance , fraud , embezzlement , failure to disclose material facts , etc .
In years past , Wall Street 's toadies in Washington could have passed legislation to limit Goldman 's liability to these charges .
But the public 's hatred of GS and its defenders has exceeded the understanding of Wall Street and Washington toadies alike .
They both over - reached , and the consequences of over - reach are inevitably die - off .
There is simply no way Wall Street 's toadies in Washington and their servants in the MSM can limit Goldman 's liability to private party lawsuits and lawsuits filed by local government agencies , pension funds , etc .
It is common knowledge in legal circles that local courts do n't like ruling against local government , on any issue .
It is also a truism that local and state courts are politically influenced , despite the rubber - stamp claims to objectivity .
Even if the Federal courts and Congress actively seek to limit Goldman 's liability , they will have a very difficult time restricting Goldman Sach 's liability in state courts .
If I were a D.A. ( district attorney ) in any state , I would be ordering my clerks to burn the midnight oil until they unearthed some state statutes which could be turned against GS and by extension , all the other Wall Street players and " too big to fail " banks .
Everybody loves a crusading D.A. who takes on Wall Street and wins a settlement , and thus the public will be cheering on the ravenous legal piranhas , hoping they chew the writhing vampire squid to extinction .
If you have n't visited the forum , here 's a place to start .
Click on the link below and then select " new posts . "
You 'll get to see what other oftwominds.com readers and contributors are discussing / sharing .
DailyJava.net is now open for aggregating our collective intelligence .
Order Survival+ : Structuring Prosperity for Yourself and the Nation and / or Survival +
The Primer from your local bookseller or from amazon.com or in ebook and Kindle formats .
A 20 % discount is available from the publisher .
Of Two Minds is now available via Kindle : Of Two Minds blog - Kindle
" This guy is THE leading visionary on reality .
He routinely discusses things which no one else has talked about , yet , turn out to be quite relevant months later . "
-- Walt Howard , commenting about CHS on another blog .
Thank you , Harlan R. ( $ 10 ) , for your most - welcome and very generous to the site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Thank you , Ryan R. ( $ 15.55 ) , for your second extremely generous donation to the site .
I am greatly honored by your support and readership .
Your readership is greatly appreciated with or without a donation .
For more on this subject and a wide array of other topics , please visit my weblog .
Hoo boy .
The American Beverage Association is n’t going to like this
news one bit .
Food companies now add significant amounts of phosphates
to soda and other processed foods .
And now researchers have found
evidence that phosphates may accelerate aging ( via Science Daily ) :
High phosphate levels may also increase the prevalence and severity
of age - related complications , such as chronic kidney disease and
cardiovascular calcification , and can also induce severe muscle and
skin atrophy .
“ Humans need a healthy diet and keeping the balance of phosphate in
the diet may be important for a healthy life and longevity , ” said M .
Shawkat Razzaque , M.D. , PhD , from the Department of Medicine ,
Infection and Immunity at the Harvard School of Dental Medicine .
“ Avoid
phosphate toxicity and enjoy a healthy life . ”
“ Soda is the caffeine delivery vehicle of choice for millions of
people worldwide , but comes with phosphorous as a passenger ” said
Gerald Weissmann , M.D. , editor - in - chief of the FASEB Journal .
“ This research suggests that our phosphorous balance influences the aging process , so do n’t tip it . ”
This has nothing to do with sweeteners , food coloring or any other
previously established badness associated with soda and processed food
— it ’s a “ new and improved ” risk .
And what , pray tell , are these phosphates doing there in the first place ?
According to other scientists , food companies starting adding them at high levels only in the last 20 years :
… [ W ] hile a moderate level of phosphate plays an essential role in
living organisms , the rapidly increasing use of phosphates as a food
additive has resulted in significantly higher levels in average daily
diets .
Phosphates are added to many food products to increase water
retention and improve food texture .
“ In the 1990s , phosphorous - containing food additives contributed an
estimated 470 mg per day to the average daily adult diet , ” he said .
“ However , phosphates are currently being added much more frequently to
a large number of processed foods , including meats , cheeses , beverages ,
and bakery products .
As a result , depending on individual food choices ,
phosphorous intake could be increased by as much as 1000 mg per day . ”
“ Increase water retention and improve food texture ” ?!
That ’s worth shaving years off our lives for sure !
We ’re all lab rats now .
This post was written by Tom Laskawy for Grist.org
For more climate and energy coverage check out Grist.org
Including : What Climate Change Means for the Wine Industry
The closure of the European flightzone thanks to a volcanic eruption in Iceland looks set to continue well into this week , leaving vast numbers of travellers stranded around the world .
But beyond the packed airport halls and grounded planes , the eruption has affected the world in many unusual ways .
Here , a list of strange facts surrounding the eruption of Eyjafjallajökull :
The volcano looks like Edvard Munch 's " The Scream "
Radar images of the volcano 's crater appear to resemble a " nightmarish face ... reminiscent of Edvard Munch 's painting The Scream , " reports Claire Bates in the Daily Mail .
" Coincidentally it is thought that the masterpiece was inspired by the blood red skies caused by the powerful volcanic eruption of Krakatoa in 1883 . "
( SEE PHOTO )
It forced a Monty Python star to take a $ 5,000 cab ride
John Cleese , of the classic Monty Python 's Flying Circus comedy troupe , paid $ 5,100 for a taxi ride from Oslo in Norway to Brussels in Belgium .
Known for his absurdist humor , notes Clive Irving at the Daily Beast , Cleese is " the perfect posterboy for the present situation . "
Norway is being governed via iPad
Jens Stoltenberg , prime minister of Norway , is stuck in New York .
But he has reportedly been running the country quite effectively from 4,000 miles away with his new Apple iPad .
" It 's official , " says Stevie Smith at the Tech Herald .
Apple 's latest toy is " capable of running the world . "
The eruption destroyed millions of flowers — in Kenya
Floral exports make up 20 percent of the Kenya 's economy — and they have been completely shut down by Europe 's flight ban .
The head of the Kenya Flower Council told the BBC that local growers have been forced to destroy 3,000 tons of flowers since last week with devastating effects on the local economy .
Just try buying a kumquat in Frankfurt
Like Europe 's imported flowers , many of its exotic fruits and vegetables are flown in from Africa and the Middle East .
With so many planes grounded , food suppliers are warning of shortages .
" We will lack beans and chillies from Egypt and fresh herbs from Israel , " says wholesaler Peter Grundhoefer to Reuters .
And " exotic fruits like mango , kumquats and physalis " will start becoming scarce in the next day or two .
Twitter has become an emergency travel service
Stranded travellers are using Twitter to hitch rides across Europe , reports Ben Fenton in the Financial Times .
By posting messages with searchable hash tags such as # getmehome or #stranded , Tweeple have been able locate " potential lift sharers and others in the same boat ( or train , or car ) . "
A boat service from France to the U.K. was also organized using the social networking tool .
Airlines are asking for a " volcano bailout "
While the EU was recently forced to write a check to save Greece 's economy , it could be forced to dig deep in its pockets for the airline industry , too .
Several carriers , including British Airways , have asked for financial compensation .
The bill could prove to be steep : at the same time BA is losing $ 30 million each day and Air France - KLM around $ 40 million , volcanologists are warning that eruption could go on for months .
The sports world is reeling
Marquee sporting events around the globe have been hit hard by the flight ban .
Olympic runner Abdellah Falil was unable to compete in the Boston Marathon on Monday ; several Olympic cyclists missed the Amstel Gold race in Holland ; the Japanese MotoGP has been postponed ; and wrestling fans will be devastated to learn that WWE stars including John Cena , Randy Orton and Batista are stranded in Belfast , Northern Ireland .
If the disruptions persist , several European soccer games — including Tuesday 's match between Barcelona and Inter Milan — may have to be postponed .
Prepare for lots of snow in New Jersey
Experts warn that the last three times Eyjafjallajökull has erupted , it triggered the eruption of Katla , an even more powerful volcano a few miles away .
Such an eruption could be a global event , reports Roger Boyes in the Times , as Katla 's last eruption — in the 1820s — created severe famines around the world , and changed the global " climate so dramatically that New Jersey recorded its largest snowfall and Egypt one of its most enduring droughts . "
For thousands of years , humans sought the advice of elders , wise men , and scribes to answers life 's difficult questions .
Then the internet happened , and people started asking complete strangers for help .
It has n't turned out so well , but , thanks to places like Yahoo !
Answers we can at least have a good laugh at the complete stupidity of some people .
We know it 's a free service , but before asking a question on Yahoo !
Answers , please be sure to use some common sense .
Check out these fifteen funny Yahoo !
Answers that 'll leave you wondering about the fate of humanity .
How to clean an iron
How to clean an iron
IRONING is a necessary evil - most of us hate doing it but it is an essential chore ...
I apologize in advance for a very long winded answer to what you thought would be a very simple question .
Unfortunately , piecing together an entire operating system from many different bits in a coherent and unified manner is not exactly a trivial task .
I 'm currently working on my own Xen based distribution , I 'll share my experience thus far ( beyond Linux From Scratch ) :
1 - Decide on a scope and stick to it
If you have any hope of actually completing this project , you need write an explanation of what your new OS will be and do once its completed in a single paragraph .
Print that out and tape it to your wall , directly in front of you .
Read it , chant it , practice saying it backwards and whatever else may help you to keep it directly in front of any urge to succumb to feature creep .
2 - Decide on a package manager
This may be the single most important decision that you will make .
You need to decide how you will maintain your operating system in regards to updates and new releases , even if you are the only subscriber .
Anyone , including you who uses the new OS will surely find a need to install something that was not included in the base distribution .
Even if you are pushing out an OS to power a kiosk , its critical for all deployments to keep themselves up to date in a sane and consistent manner .
I ended up going with apt-rpm because it offered the flexibility of the popular .rpm package format while leveraging apt's known sanity when it comes to dependencies .
You may prefer using yum , apt with .deb packages , slackware style . tgz packages or your own format .
Decide on this quickly , because its going to dictate how you structure your build .
Keep track of dependencies in each component so that its easy to roll packages later .
3 - Re-read your scope then configure your kernel
Avoid the kitchen sink syndrome when making a kernel .
Look at what you want to accomplish and then decide what the kernel has to support .
You will probably want full gadget support , compatibility with file systems from other popular operating systems , security hooks appropriate for people who do a lot of browsing , etc .
You do n't need to support crazy RAID configurations , advanced netfilter targets and minixfs , but wifi better work .
You do n't need 10 GBE or infiniband support .
Go through the kernel configuration carefully .
If you can't justify including a module by its potential use , do n't check it .
Avoid pulling in out of tree patches unless you absolutely need them .
From time to time , people come up with new scheduling algorithms , experimental file systems , etc .
It is very , very difficult to maintain a kernel that consumes from anything else but mainline .
There are exceptions , of course .
If going out of tree is the only way to meet one of your goals stated in your scope .
Just remain conscious of how much additional work you 'll be making for yourself in the future .
4 - Re-read your scope then select your base userland
At the very minimum , you 'll need a shell , the core utilities and an editor that works without an window manager .
Paying attention to dependencies will tell you that you also need a C library and whatever else is needed to make the base commands work .
As Eli answered , Linux From Scratch is a good resource to check .
I also strongly suggest looking at the LSB ( Linux standard base ) , this is a specification that lists common packages and components that are ' expected ' to be included with any distribution .
Do n't follow the LSB as a standard , compare its suggestions against your scope .
If the purpose of your OS does not necessitate inclusion of something and nothing you install will depend on it , do n't include it .
5 - Re-read your scope and decide on a window system
Again , referring to the everything including the kitchen sink syndrome , try and resist the urge to just slap a stock install of KDE or GNOME on top of your base OS and call it done .
Another common pitfall is to install a full blown version of either and work backwards by removing things that are n't needed .
For the sake of sane dependencies , its really better to work on this from bottom up rather than top down .
Decide quickly on the UI toolkit that your distribution is going to favor and get it ( with supporting libraries ) in place .
Define consistency in UIs quickly and stick to it .
Nothing is more annoying than having 10 windows open that behave completely differently as far as controls go .
When I see this , I diagnose the OS with multiple personality disorder and want to medicate its developer .
There was just an uproar regarding Ubuntu moving window controls around , and they were doing it consistently .. the inconsistency was the behavior changing between versions .
People get very upset if they can't immediately find a button or have to increase their mouse mileage .
6 - Re-read your scope and pick your applications
Avoid kitchen sink syndrome here as well .
Choose your applications not only based on your scope and their popularity , but how easy they will be for you to maintain .
Its very likely that you will be applying your own patches to them ( even simple ones like messengers updating a blinking light on the toolbar ) .
Its important to keep every architecture that you want to support in mind as you select what you want to include .
For instance , if Valgrind is your best friend , be aware that you wo n't be able to use it to debug issues on certain ARM platforms .
Pretend you are a company and will be an employee there .
Does your company pass the Joel test ?
Consider a continuous integration system like Hudson , as well .
It will save you lots of hair pulling as you progress .
As you begin unifying all of these components , you 'll naturally be establishing your own SDK .
Document it as you go , avoid breaking it on a whim ( refer to your scope , always ) .
Its perfectly acceptable to just let linux be linux , which turns your SDK more into formal guidelines than anything else .
In my case , I 'm rather fortunate to be working on something that is designed strictly as a server OS .
I do n't have to deal with desktop caveats and I do n't envy anyone who does .
7 - Additional suggestions
These are in random order , but noting them might save you some time :
Maintain patch sets to every line of upstream code that you modify , in numbered sequence .
An example might be 00 - make - bash - clairvoyant . patch , this allows you to maintain patches instead of entire forked repositories of upstream code .
You 'll thank yourself for this later .
, this allows you to maintain patches instead of entire forked repositories of upstream code .
You 'll thank yourself for this later .
If a component has a testing suite , make sure you add tests for anything that you introduce .
Its easy to just say " great , it works ! " and leave it at that , keep in mind that you 'll likely be adding even more later , which may break what you added previously .
Use whatever version control system is in use by the authors when pulling in upstream code .
This makes merging of new code much , much simpler and shaves hours off of re-basing your patches .
Even if you think upstream authors wo n't be interested in your changes , at least alert them to the fact that they exist .
Coordination is essential , even if you simply learn that a feature you just put in is already in planning and will be implemented differently in the future .
You may be convinced that you will be the only person to ever use your OS .
Design it as though millions will use it , you never know .
This kind of thinking helps avoid kludges .
Do n't pull upstream alpha code , no matter what the temptation may be .
Red
Hat tried that , it did not work out well .
Stick to stable releases unless you are pulling in bug fixes .
Major bug fixes usually result in upstream releases , so make sure you watch and coordinate .
Remember that it 's supposed to be fun .
Finally , realize that rolling an entire from - scratch distribution is exponentially more complex than forking an existing distribution and simply adding whatever you feel that it lacks .
You need to reward yourself often by booting your OS and actually using it productively .
If you get too frustrated , consistently confused or find yourself putting off work on it , consider making a lightweight fork of Debian or Ubuntu .
You can then go back and duplicate it entirely from scratch .
Its no different than prototyping an application in a simpler / rapid language first before writing it for real in something more difficult .
If you want to go this route ( first ) , gNewSense offers utilities to fork your own OS directly from Ubuntu .
Note , by default , their utilities will strip any non free bits ( including binary kernel blobs ) from the resulting distro .
I strongly suggest going the completely from scratch route ( first ) because the experience that you will gain is far greater than making yet another fork .
However , its also important that you actually complete your project .
Best is subjective , do what works for you .
Good luck on your project , see you on distrowatch .
North Korea has executed a senior official blamed for currency reforms that damaged the already ailing economy and potentially affected the succession , a news agency in South Korea reported today .
Pak Nam - gi was killed by firing squad last week , said Yonhap , citing multiple sources .
The Workers party chief for planning and the economy had not been seen in public since January .
The 77 - year - old was put to death as " a son of a bourgeois conspiring to infiltrate the ranks of revolutionaries to destroy the national economy " , the agency said .
But it reported that many North Koreans did not believe the explanation , citing one source who said : " The mood is the leadership has made Pak Nam - gi a scapegoat . "
November 's abrupt redenomination of the won led to public discontent and was having a negative impact on plans for the succession , another source said .
Kim Jong-il , the country 's Dear Leader , appears to be preparing the way for the transfer of power to his third son , Kim Jong - un .
There has been widespread speculation about the state of his health following a reported stroke .
The International Crisis Group ( ICG ) described the currency revaluation as " disastrous " in a report released this week .
The reform appeared to be aimed at reasserting state control over the economy , curbing inflation and tackling corruption .
Although people were allowed to exchange currency – at a rate of 100 to one – only a small amount could be changed .
That wiped out the savings of slightly better off North Koreans who had managed to put aside money through trading .
Food prices soared as uncertainty over contradictory policies led to hoarding , the ICG said .
By mid-January there were reports of rising deaths from starvation , thought to have prompted the release of emergency food supplies .
The problems may have been exacerbated by the decision to pay those on state salaries the wage level in the new currency – in theory increasing their real incomes 100 times over .
The government closed markets and banned both North Koreans and foreigners from using foreign currency – widely employed by the better - off to pay for goods smuggled in from China – but later reversed the currency ruling and eased restrictions on trading .
But the ICG argued : " The relationship between the Workers party and the North Korean people has probably been damaged irreversibly [ by the redenomination ] , which has serious implications for the long - term survival of the regime . "
There were several reports that the currency reform led to unrest – highly unusual in the tightly controlled country .
That led to an equally rare public apology from the government , according to a South Korean newspaper .
Daniel Pinkston , north - east Asia deputy project director for ICG , said Pak 's execution was unlikely to be reported domestically but could possibly cause dissension with the party .
" Will people start thinking ' I could be next ' or will they say ' He really screwed up and got what he deserved ' ? "
North Korea has struggled to feed its people since the famine of the mid-90s and is still reliant on food aid .
But aid reductions and United Nations sanctions over its nuclear programme have further damaged the faltering economy , the ICG says , at a time when Pyongyang must also deal with the succession .
The 90s famine forced the government into easing its grip on the economy , leading to the emergence of markets .
But in recent years it has sought to clamp down on them again .
The Daily NK , a Seoul - based website run by democracy and human rights activists , said Pak had allegedly submitted a report saying redenomination would improve people 's lives and secure the country 's finances .
Pak was last mentioned by the north 's official Korean Central News Agency in January when he accompanied Kim on an inspection trip .
He was allegedly denounced as a traitor at a party meeting in the same month and arrested on the spot .
This article is from the archive of our partner .
As health care costs balloon , swelling the budget and the deficit , elderly Americans are consistently the biggest consumers .
This is n't their fault .
They simply require more -- and more expensive -- treatments .
These treatments are billed to Medicare , which hands the bill to the federal government , which needs tax revenue to pay it .
Here 's the problem : those same elderly Americans are outraged at the rising tax rate and growing federal spending .
Seniors are using their tremendous political weight to push a conflicting agenda , expanding services to seniors while reducing the taxes need to pay for them .
All of which has raised the question for pundits :
Are seniors bankrupting America ?
And what can we do to fix the problem without reducing the services they might truly need ?
Elderly Must Change Their Role in America
The New York Times 's David Brooks laments that " Far from serving the young , the old are now taking from them . "
They are " taking money " ( the federal government spends $ 7 on the elderly for every $ 1 on children ) , " taking freedom " ( tax revenue is completely tied up in programs for the old , limiting new programs ) and " taking opportunity " ( the focus " will mean less growth and fewer opportunities " ) .
What to do ?
It now seems clear that the only way the U.S. is going to avoid an economic crisis is if the oldsters take it upon themselves to arise and force change .
The young lack the political power .
Only the old can lead a generativity revolution -- millions of people demanding changes in health care spending and the retirement age to make life better for their grandchildren .
It may seem unrealistic -- to expect a generation to organize around the cause of nonselfishness .
GOP , New Party of Elderly ?
Matthew Yglesias finds that Republican Congressmen who demand drastic cuts to social programs make sure those cuts only apply to Americans under 55 .
" The basic idea is to take the GOP old white people base and insulate them from cuts .
The under 55 crowd will still have to pay the taxes to finance their benefits , but we ourselves wo n't get the benefits , " he writes .
" Basically , they 've got theirs and do n't care about extending the benefits of universal health care to younger people . "
Blame Doctors , Not Seniors The Washington Post 's Ezra Klein explains .
" I can make a pretty good case for payment reforms that would encourage doctors to provide fewer treatments .
I can make a pretty good case that seniors in many states should go to the doctor far less often than they do , " he writes .
" A sick senior in Minnesota costs a lot less than a sick senior in Florida , but that 's not because the Minnesotan is refusing treatments .
It 's because his doctor is providing fewer of them .
If you want to talk about a group with real power to change medical spending in this country , talk about doctors . "
Their Selfish Politics
Are the Problem Mother Jones 's Kevin Drum argues that the real problem is n't seniors ' consumption of health care -- its their uniform political opposition to legislation that would give future generations access to viable health care .
" That means changes in the way we deliver healthcare services and it means changes in the tax base of the federal government .
By opposing both of those things in large numbers , today 's seniors ( and soon - to - be seniors ) are helping to ensure that they 're the only generation that will truly benefit from this deal , " he writes .
" But if they want their children to enjoy the same kind of retirement they 're allowed to enjoy , these are the things they should support .
In general they do n't , and that deserves condemnation . "
This article is from the archive of our partner The Wire .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
US arms sales to Taiwan violated China 's sovereignty , Mr Wen said Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao has rejected criticism that China is keeping its currency undervalued in order to boost exports .
He said keeping the yuan stable was " an important contribution " to global recovery from the economic downturn .
He was speaking at the end of China 's annual parliamentary session .
Mr
Wen also said that recent strains in ties with the US were Washington 's fault , citing arms sales to Taiwan and a White House visit by the Dalai Lama .
Speaking to reporters in Beijing , Mr Wen denied China 's currency , the yuan , also known as the renminbi , was undervalued .
US legislators and trade groups say the yuan is kept up to 40 % below what its value should be against the US dollar .
Sovereignty ' violated ' " I do n't think the renminbi is undervalued , " Mr Wen said at Sunday 's news conference in the Great Hall of the People .
" We oppose all countries engaging in mutual finger - pointing or taking strong measures to force other nations to appreciate their currencies . "
The yuan was tied to the dollar until 2005 when it was allowed to rise in value by about 20 % .
The peg was reinstated in 2008 when the global economic crisis cut demand for Chinese products and factories began closing .
Asked about recent strains in relations with Washington , he said : " The responsibility for the serious disruption in US - China ties does not lie with the Chinese side , but with the US . "
In January Washington approved a $ 6.4bn ( £ 4.2 bn ) arms sale to Taiwan that former President George W Bush had initiated .
President Barack Obama then met Tibetan spiritual leader the Dalai Lama at the White House .
Both moves " violated China 's sovereignty , " Mr Wen said .
China considers the self - ruled Taiwan as part of its territory awaiting reunification .
The premier also defended his country 's role at the Copenhagen climate change conference last December .
China was accused of standing in the way of a more ambitious agreement at the meeting .
Mr Wen said his delegation continued working towards an agreement even when others had given up .
He also rejected accusations that he had snubbed talks between top leaders - including Barack Obama - during the conference , saying China had not been notified of the meeting .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
RNC " census " mailer offers phone sex number
A new entrant in the when - it - rains - it - pours category .
The Republican National Committee sent a fundraising mail piece earlier this month with a return number that leads to a phone - sex line offering " live , one - on - one talk with a nasty girl who will do anything you want for just $ 2.99 per minute . "
At the bottom of a piece designed to resemble a census form , a toll - free number is listed next to the national party 's address .
A voter in Minnesota received the mailer and called the number intending to complain about the attempt to raise money with a form that looks like a government document .
But the Minnesotan was instead directed to a second toll - free number that greets callers as " sexy guy " before offering them the chance to talk with " real local students , housewives and working girls from all over the country . "
The individual then forwarded the mail piece to the voter 's congressman , a Democrat , who shared it with the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee .
A spokesman for the RNC declined to say how many copies of the census - style mailer were sent out .
" The number in question was a typographical error by a vendor used on this particular mailer — using 1 - 800 instead of 202 , " said RNC Communications Director Doug Heye .
Heye e-mailed different direct - mail pieces that included the correct RNC phone number , writing : " This is an isolated incident and will not be repeated in the future . "
He said the vendor responsible for the mistake " will not be used for the foreseeable future . "
Audio of the call here , for the more prurient - minded .
And , no , it 's not safe for work .
Nintendo's turn - based wargame Advance Wars works well as a video game .
But as a board game ?
Yeah , looks like it works pretty well as a board game , too .
Advertisement
First designed last year , " Skirmish Wars " is the creation of Andrew Tullsen , Matthew Kloth and Brandon Pennington .
It 's not trying anything fancy , which is a good thing : the beauty of Advance Wars is in its simplicity , not its 400 - page rulebook .
It 's content to simply transfer the video game to a board game setting , then , along with some beautiful new artwork and the promise of four - player scenarios .
Advertisement
Best part ?
Because all it needs is a board and some pieces , you can print it all off below and play yourselves .
Skirmish Wars : Advance Tactics [ Boardgamegeek ]
Making Peace with the Imperfect
“ It ’s cracked like this because it ’s perfectly in line with the Buddha ’s teaching ”
A friend of mine bought a new smartphone the other day .
He got it set up , but he could n’t get the email or the sat -nav to work properly .
After waiting on hold and several calls to tech support , they said he needed to pay an extra £ 10 a month for an additional service .
So , Ok , he paid that .
And then it turned out that it still would n’t work as he ’d expected .
One particular feature still was n’t quite right .
More calls to tech support .
More searching the net for answers .
Final realization – this smartphone actually does have some limitations .
He either has to live with them , or change the device for something else .
He asked me if we could do anything about it .
I thought for a moment , and what came to me was this :
“ There ’s a kind of rule of thumb I use with any new technology .
With anything new , actually .
That is this : ‘ 80 % is about the best you ’re going to get . ’
“ The adverts for these products will always promise 110 % – satisfaction that exceeds your expectations .
But nothing in this world is ever perfect .
“ If you can recognize that and make peace with it , and you can get 80 % of what you expect , that ’s good enough .
“ If you let go of wanting it to be perfect , and are willing to work with 80 % okayness , then the other 20 % frustration is what you just have to put up with , to work with .
“ And maybe , in due course , you ’ll get used to the other 20 % and you ’ll find a way to make peace with it , and it ’ll be OK .
And then you wo n’t mind it so much . ”
Ajahn Chah , our great teacher in Thailand put it this way :
“ Sometimes I ’d go to see old religious sites with ancient temple buildings , designed by architects , beautifully built by skilled craftsmen .
In some places they would be cracked .
Maybe one of my friends would remark , “ Such a shame , is n’t it ?
It ’s cracked . ” I ’d say : “ If that were n’t the case then there ’d be no such thing as the Buddha , there ’d be no Dharma .
It ’s cracked like this because it ’s perfectly in line with the Buddha ’s teaching . ”
What he ’s saying is what the Buddha taught – that whatever comes together , separates .
Whatever arises , must decay and pass away .
It ’s a natural law .
All things that arise and cease are inherently unsatisfactory .
And that includes temple buildings and smartphones .
And everything else in between .
If everything were perfect and satisfactory , nothing would disappoint us .
This would be heaven , right here .
We would n’t seek for truth or spiritual fulfillment , God or enlightenment .
There would be no need to for us to look for perfection , to search for the Ultimate .
But these things we have are not satisfactory .
They ’re not even supposed to be satisfactory .
80 % is good enough .
So if we can understand and be at peace with this , then we will stop demanding perfection of ourselves , stop demanding perfection of others , and we may just become a bit easier to live with .
Alan Lewis
Food for the Heart
The Collected Teachings of Ajahn Chah
” The untrained mind is stupid !
Sense impressions come and trick it into happiness , suffering , gladness and sorrow , but the mind ’s true nature is none of those things … really this mind of ours is already unmoving and peaceful … ” – from Food for the Heart by Ajahn Chah
Ajahn Chah ( 1919 - 1992 ) was one of Thailand ’s best - known Buddhist monks .
Committed to a life of simplicity and renunciation , Ajahn Chah became a monk at age nine , and lived and practised in Thailand ’s caves , forests and charnal grounds as an ascetic , wandering monk .
Renowned for the clarity and directness of his Dharma teachings , a network of monasteries grew up around Ajahn Chah .
He attracted a large following of Western disciples , who themselves have established several branch monasteries in various parts of the world .
For more information please see www.forestsangha.org
Ann Arbor , Mich .
LAST week , a federal appeals court in Washington ruled that the Federal Communications Commission lacks the legal authority to tell Comcast not to block certain uses of its Internet access services .
This decision has become a rip - the - Band - Aid - off moment for the regulatory agency , forcing it to reconsider its effort to impose “ network neutrality ” by requiring that Internet access providers treat all content equally .
It also puts a substantial roadblock in the path of the commission ’s National Broadband Plan , which proposes to spend billions of dollars to help provide Internet access , rather than phone access , for people in rural areas .
But the F.C.C. need n’t change either strategy .
It can regain its authority to pursue both network neutrality and widespread access to broadband by formally relabeling Internet access services as “ telecommunications services , ” rather than “ information services , ” as they are called now .
All the commission needs to do is prove it has a good reason .
It would n’t be the first time that the F.C.C. relabeled Internet access services  and certainly not the first time it addressed the need for equal access .
Until August 2005 , the commission required that companies providing high - speed access to the Internet over telephone lines not discriminate among Web sites .
This allowed innumerable online businesses  eBay , Google , Amazon , your local knitter  to start up without asking permission from phone and cable companies .
There was nothing unusual about this legal requirement ; for more than 100 years , federal regulators had treated telegraph and telephone service providers as " common carriers , " obligated to serve everyone equally .
Sad news from Chadian front lines .
It is with great sadness that we inform you that earlier today a family of elephants had been killed by poachers .
Additionally we have also been informed that two soldiers from the Chadian armed forces have been killed in a clash with a heavily armed poachers while discovering dead elephants near the area of Baibokum .
Our deep condolences to the families of these two brave soldiers and salute the Chadian government in its ongoing fight against poachers .
Bull that was recently discovered
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Iguanas dropping from trees , manatees huddling around waters warmed by power plants and marine turtles being whisked away to shelters -- Florida 's unusual cold snap is a deadly one for tropical wildlife .
When temperatures drop below about 60 F ( 15 C ) , they become less able to move around .
Below about 40 F ( 5 C ) , they become completely immobile due to a lack of blood flow .
Iguanas dropping from trees , manatees huddling around waters warmed by power plants and marine turtles being whisked away to shelters -- Florida 's unusual cold snap is a deadly one for tropical wildlife .
The cold front sweeping in from the Arctic , with temperatures below freezing in parts of the southeastern state , is killing many animals accustomed to a temperate climate that sends droves of tourists swarming to enjoy yearlong warmth in the " Sunshine State . "
The cold - blooded iguanas ' comfort level begins at 73 degrees Fahrenheit ( 23 Celsius ) and they positively thrive at 95 F ( 35 C ) .
When temperatures drop below about 60 F ( 15 C ) , they become less able to move around .
Below about 40 F ( 5 C ) , they become completely immobile due to a lack of blood flow .
Unable to hold on , the mohawked lizards , which shelter in tree branches and crevices , drop to the ground .
Iguanas and other tropical wildlife are bearing the brunt of the severe Arctic weather in Florida , where Miami 's subtropical beaches have been left all but deserted this week with temperatures plummeting to around 32 F ( zero degrees Celsius ) .
" Cold weather impacts iguanas severely and many are killed , " said Gabriella Ferraro , spokeswoman for the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation Commission ( FWC ) .
" That is not a bad thing .
It 's a good thing , because iguanas are an exotic animal , they do n't belong to Florida .
This seasonal kill helps us to manage the population . "
Travelers from Mexico , Central and South America originally introduced the creatures to Florida in the 1960s .
Although suffering from the cold , python snakes , which abound in particularly large numbers in Florida 's Everglades swamp reserve , can survive in cooler temperatures .
" The good thing is that the cold weather brings the pythons out of the vegetation .
They need warmer bodies and they come out to get some sun and so it is easier for hunters to find them , " Ferraro explained to AFP .
Manatees and sea turtles are the most vulnerable during the cold weather , she added , noting that some of the animals had died in central Florida .
Known as sea cows for their bulky frame -- adults are an average of three meters ( 10 feet ) long and weigh between 800 and 1,200 pounds ( 360 and 540 kilograms ) -- manatees abound in Florida 's warm waters close to river mouths and can die from prolonged exposure to low temperatures .
When water temperatures drop , manatees gather in warm - water habitats , such as discharge canals at power plants , canal systems or springs to avoid a deadly " cold stress syndrome . "
With thermometers dropping to record lows , large groups of manatees huddled in recent days seeking the warmth of power plants in Riviera Beach , north of Miami , and Apollo Beach , near Tampa off the Gulf of Mexico .
The FWC says it has rescued about 250 sea turtles so far and placed them in special shelters where they can rest while waiting for the sea to warm .
The seemingly lifeless iguanas can be revived , however .
Passersby can usually bring them back to life by picking up the lizards and setting them in the sun .
After a brief warm - up , most will scamper off into the bushes .
Florida 's exotic creatures may have to brace for worse , with forecasters saying a new polar front could sweep in over the weekend in the state , where some parts have already seen temperatures 20 degrees below normal .
Explore further Record number of manatees counted in Florida
( c ) 2010 AFP
MIAMI — Gov. Charlie Crist has been jawboned and buttonholed as he has traveled around the state in recent days , and his office was deluged with 120,000 messages .
Passions have not run so high in Florida , the governor said , since the controversy over ending the life of Terri Schiavo in 2005 .
This time , the point of contention was eliminating tenure for Florida public school teachers and tying their pay and job security to how well their students were learning .
On Thursday , Mr. Crist picked a side , vetoing a bill passed last week by the Florida Legislature that would have introduced the most sweeping teacher pay changes in the nation .
The veto puts Mr. Crist , a moderate Republican , at odds with his party base in the Republican - controlled Legislature .
His decision has also renewed speculation that he might drop out of the Republican primary for a United States Senate seat and run in the general election as an independent .
For months , he has been trailing the more conservative Republican candidate , Marco Rubio , a Tea Party favorite , in polls .
Some people would have you believe that you are n't reading this .
Why ?
Because it 's not ' above the fold ' .
Above the fold - a graphic design concept that refers to the location of an important news story or a visually appealing photograph on the upper half of the front page of a newspaper .
But you are reading it , are n't you ?
Even if it goes even further down the page , way below the fold .
You 're still reading .
Pretty crazy , huh ?
I think I 've made my point .
We all know , people have learned to scroll .
They did a long time ago , but still the ' everything needs to be above the fold ' concept lingers on .
Many web designers , after presenting a site design , hear the client worriedly ask ' But , where is the fold ?!'
Your first response is usually to switch on the guides in Photoshop to show and they then nervously say ' Hmm , yeah , we 're going to need those articles , and those links , and those 6 images all above the fold . '
And there goes any sense of white space , readability and story telling you had planned for their site . •
• The fold is one of those guidelines that has been thrown about so much that it's now become a ' rule ' of web design ( or maybe more appropriately a ' ball and chain ' of web design ) with web designers blindly obeying without question .
The ‘ above the fold ’ concept came from Newspapers , the aim being to put the most eye catching story or image on the folded over , most visible part of the paper , with an ULTIMATE goal of encouraging people to then buy the paper to read the rest of it .
Web design adopted this idea , basing their integration of the concept upon the most common browser sizes .
However , the digital fold concept evolved into ‘ squash as much content as you can above a certain number of pixels ’ .
This is wrong , wrong , wrong .
Gone was the intent of putting your most eye catching content at the entrance point to entice your visitors to come in and explore the rest of the site .
Now you were being pressured by ‘ web design rule enforcers ’ to sell everything on the front doorstep .
Imagine a newspaper squashed all of its quality content on the front page .
How disappointed would you be to open the paper to only find the leftovers ?
The same happens with your site .
If everything of exceptional quality is pushed upon the reader at the beginning , once they start exploring and the rest of the site is n’t of the same calibre , they 're going to be let down .
The newspaper 's goal is for you to actually read the newspaper , not just the front page .
That should be your goal too .
You want your visitors to explore your site / see your product or content .
Do n't let the statistic scaremongers bully you into thinking the visitor will decide in 3 seconds whether to stay or leave your website .
Trust me , having no space and information overload will most definitely make your visitors leave before the 3 seconds are up .
Guidelines have their place , but they should be viewed as only that .
Guides !
Web design is plagued by a long list of ' golden rules ' , such as ' never have more than 7 items in your main navigation ' or ' Never , ever , ever use tables ' .
Garbage .
What if you need a table ?
Think about the rules before obeying them !
The classic example of giving the fold the finger has to be the 37 signals site .
Look how hugely long and spaced out their homepage is !
They tell a story as you scroll down , each section entices you , sells their product , builds desire .
While there is a real wealth of information on this homepage , the user should n’t feel too overwhelmed .
Everything has a bit of space and is n’t fighting for attention .
Multiple entry points for their products are dotted throughout the story .
They are clearly using the AIDA principle .
Finally at the end of the page they give clear call to actions .
They are thinking about the user ’s next move and are telling them where to go .
Think they could have squashed all of this above the fold and still achieved the same effect ?
A place to discuss tactics and get advice on political organisations , campaigns , and activities .
Also a place to discuss the theoretics of applying ideas into practice , and to post propaganda for your political organisation ( texts , flyers , posters , videos , etc ) .
( CNN ) -- Chilly on the plane ?
Bring a sweater , or $ 8 for a blanket - and - pillow pack , if you 're on a domestic American Airlines flight .
On May 1 , the carrier will begin charging for a pillow and blanket set on all domestic flights , as well as those to or from Canada , Mexico , Hawaii , the Caribbean and Central America , according to American Airlines spokesman Tim Smith .
The $ 8 charge buys a blue fleece blanket and an inflatable neck pillow that fliers can use in flight and keep for future use .
" American evaluates all aspects of the business to ensure that economic decisions are prudent and strategic for the long - term success of the company , " Smith said in an e-mail announcing the decision .
Passengers on international flights or in premium class cabins still will be offered complimentary blankets for use in flight .
JetBlue Airways started selling blanket and pillow packs in 2008 .
US Airways started charging for sleep kits last year .
All pilots are required to receive ground instruction on ...
The pilots of United Flight 889 initiated the report of their near mid-air collision with a Cessna 182 near San Francisco last week .
New NTSB rules may make those reports more common , so do n’t be surprised if the number of reported near mid-air collisions rises in the coming year .
regulations found in NTSB 830 , titled NOTIFICATION AND REPORTING OF AIRCRAFT ACCIDENTS OR INCIDENTS AND OVERDUE AIRCRAFT , AND PRESERVATION OF AIRCRAFT WRECKAGE , MAIL , CARGO , AND RECORDS .
These regulations govern the reports that pilots and companies must file after an incident , accident or other reportable events .
On March 8 , 2010 , revisions to NTSB 830 , that expand the list of reportable events , went into effect .
Now some events that previously flew under the radar of the NTSB — and the general public — must be reported .
These include “ Airborne Collision and Avoidance System ( ACAS ) resolution advisories issued , ” like the ones that occurred on United Flight 889 .
All aircraft weighing over 12,586 pounds or authorized to carry more than 19 passengers are required to be equipped with a Traffic alert and Collision Avoidance System or TCAS .
TCAS systems issue two types of alerts .
Traffic Advisories ( TA ) alert the pilot to other aircraft in the vicinity .
Resolution Advisories ( RA ) are issued when aircraft get very close and instruct a pilot to either climb or descend .
Under the new regulations , all RAs must now be reported to the NTSB .
Regulation Review
NTSB 830.5 lists events for which aircraft operators “ shall immediately , and by the most expeditious means available , notify the nearest National Transportation Safety Board ( Board ) field office . ”
The list includes all accidents and certain types of less serious “ incidents . ”
For all types of aircraft , these reportable incidents have included :
(1) Flight control system malfunction or failure ;
(2) Inability of any required flight crewmember to perform normal flight duties as a result of injury or illness ;
(3) Failure of structural components of a turbine engine excluding compressor and turbine blades and vanes ;
(4) In - flight fire ; or
(5) Aircraft collide in flight .
(6) Damage to property , other than the aircraft , estimated to exceed $ 25,000 for repair ( including materials and labor ) or fair market value in the event of total loss , whichever is less .
Large multiengine aircraft weighing more than 12,500 pounds are required to report even more incidents including :
( i) In - flight failure of electrical systems which requires the sustained use of an emergency bus powered by a back - up source such as a battery , auxiliary power unit , or air - driven generator to retain flight control or essential instruments ;
( ii ) In - flight failure of hydraulic systems that results in sustained reliance on the sole remaining hydraulic or mechanical system for movement of flight control surfaces ;
( iii ) Sustained loss of the power or thrust produced by two or more engines ; and
( iv ) An evacuation of an aircraft in which an emergency egress system is utilized .
New Regulations
As of March 8 , new rules add the following to the list of reportable events that require immediate notification of the NTSB :
(3) Failure of any internal turbine engine component that results in the escape of debris other than out the exhaust path ;
* * * * *
(8) Release of all or a portion of a propeller blade from an aircraft , excluding release caused solely by ground contact ;
(9 ) A complete loss of information , excluding flickering , from more than 50 percent of an aircraft 's cockpit displays known as :
( i) Electronic Flight Instrument System ( EFIS ) displays ;
( ii ) Engine Indication and Crew Alerting System ( EICAS ) displays ;
( iii ) Electronic Centralized Aircraft Monitor ( ECAM ) displays ; or
( iv ) Other displays of this type , which generally include a primary flight display ( PFD ) , primary navigation display ( PND ) , and other integrated displays ;
( 10 ) Airborne Collision and Avoidance System ( ACAS ) resolution advisories issued either :
( i) When an aircraft is being operated on an instrument flight rules flight plan and compliance with the advisory is necessary to avert a substantial risk of collision between two or more aircraft ; or
( ii ) To an aircraft operating in class A airspace .
( 11 ) Damage to helicopter tail or main rotor blades , including ground damage , that requires major repair or replacement of the blade (s ) ;
( 12 ) Any event in which an aircraft operated by an air carrier :
( i) Lands or departs on a taxiway , incorrect runway , or other area not designed as a runway ; or
( ii ) Experiences a runway incursion that requires the operator or the crew of another aircraft or vehicle to take immediate corrective action to avoid a collision .
Conclusion
The new NTSB 830 rules will undoubtedly lead to more notifications of near mid-air collisions like the one involving United Flight 889 near San Francisco .
This may ultimately lead to more stories in the press about these events and eventually to theories that the number of near mid-air collisions is increasing .
Regardless , one thing remains constant : pilots need to stay constantly vigilant for the presence of other aircraft .
Fly Safely !
Update at bottom : US : British disclosure may affect intelligence sharing
A former Guantanamo Bay inmate was effectively tortured by US authorities while in CIA custody in Pakistan , according to intelligence notes released Wednesday by a British court .
The court forced the UK government to release 2002 US intelligence notes conveyed to Britain on the treatment of Binyam Mohamed , who was shackled and warned he would “ disappear ” if he refused to cooperate with US interrogators .
He was also subjected to long - term sleep deprivation , the notes said .
ADVERTISEMENT
The British government published seven paragraphs concerning the treatment of Binyam Mohamed after Foreign Secretary David Miliband lost his appeal court bid to prevent senior judges disclosing the previously secret information .
Britain has repeatedly warned that the release of the information could endanger its intelligence - sharing work with the US authorities and has fought for months to block its disclosure .
But two judges ruled there was “ overwhelming ” public interest in publishing the material and that the risk to national security was “ not a serious one . ”
And , the judges wrote , “ Although it is not necessary for us to categorise the treatment reported , it could readily be contended to be at the very least cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment by the United States authorities . ”
“ If it had been administered on behalf of the United Kingdom , ” the judges added , it would have breached agreements the British made in 1972 not to use torture techniques to assist in interrogations .
ADVERTISEMENT
The information covers “ interviews ” carried out with Mohamed in 2002 , and also discloses that he was exposed to sleep deprivation .
One paragraph reads :
“ It was reported that at some stage during that further interview process by the United States authorities , BM had been intentionally subjected to continuous sleep deprivation .
“ The effects of the sleep deprivation were carefully observed .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ It was reported that combined with the sleep deprivation , threats and inducements were made to him .
His fears of being removed from United States custody and ‘ disappearing ’ were played upon . ”
Another paragraph reads :
“ It was reported that the stress brought about by these deliberate tactics was increased by him being shackled in his interviews . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
The Ethiopian - born Binyam Mohamed claimed refugee status in the UK in 1994 , and was arrested at the airport in Karachi , Pakistan , in 2002 , after visiting Afghanistan .
US and UK authorities contend that he admitted training at a terrorist camp in Afghanistan .
Mohamed says the admission was extracted under torture .
In October , 2008 , US authorities dropped the charges against Mohamed .
He was released from detention at Guantanamo in February , 2009 .
Lawyers for Mohamed subsequently launched a series of legal actions relating to his detention .
Raw Story has reprinted the slightly redacted intelligence notes below , as obtained by TimesOnline .
The following seven paragraphs are from a US intelligence summary on the treatment of alleged terror suspect Binyam Mohamed — who is referred to as BM — after his April 2002 arrest in Pakistan , as published by the British Foreign Office .
ADVERTISEMENT
[ It was reported that a new series of interviews was conducted by the United States authorities prior to 17 May 2001 [ SIC ] as part of a new strategy designed by an expert interviewer .
v ) It was reported that at some stage during that further interview process by the United States authorities , BM had been intentionally subjected to continuous sleep deprivation .
The effects of the sleep deprivation were carefully observed .
vii )
It was reported that the stress brought about by these deliberate tactics was increased by him being shackled in his interviews
viii )
It was clear not only from the reports of the content of the interviews but also from the report that he was being kept under self - harm observation , that the inter views were having a marked effect upon him and causing him significant mental stress and suffering .
ADVERTISEMENT
ix )
We regret to have to conclude that the reports provide to the SyS made clear to anyone reading them that BM was being subjected to the treatment that we have described and the effect upon him of that intentional treatment .
x ) The treatment reported , if had been administered on behalf of the United Kingdom , would clearly have been in breach of the undertakings given by the United Kingdom in 1972 .
Although it is not necessary for us to categorise the treatment reported , it could readily be contended to be at the very least cruel , inhuman and degrading treatment by the United States authorities ]
US : British disclosure may affect intelligence sharing
WASHINGTON — The White House warned Wednesday that a British court ’s order releasing once - secret details of the harsh interrogation of a terrorism suspect could affect US - British intelligence sharing .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We ’re deeply disappointed with the court ’s judgment today , because we shared this information in confidence and with certain expectations , ” said Ben LaBolt , a spokesman for President Barack Obama .
The ruling led to the disclosure of a seven - paragraph summary that called the questioning of Binyam Mohamed , a former Guantanamo Bay inmate , by US interrogators “ at the very least cruel , inhuman and degrading . ”
It also said that Britain ’s use of the methods employed , including sustained sleep deprivation , “ would clearly have been in breach of the undertakings given by the United Kingdom in 1972 ” — an apparent reference to an international convention prohibiting torture .
“ As we warned , the court ’s judgment will complicate the confidentiality of our intelligence - sharing relationship with the UK , and it will have to factor into our decision - making going forward , ” said LaBolt .
“ This just means that we need to redouble our efforts to work through this challenge , because the UK remains a key partner in our collective efforts to suppress terrorism and other threats to our national security , ” he said .
ADVERTISEMENT
Ethiopian - born Mohamed , 31 , had come to Britain in 1994 seeking asylum .
He was arrested in Pakistan in 2002 while trying to return to Britain and spent nearly seven years in US custody or in countries taking part in the US - run rendition program of terror suspects .
After a lengthy campaign by his supporters , he became the first prisoner to be released from Guantanamo under President Barack Obama and returned to Britain in February last year .
British Foreign Secretary David Miliband had fought the disclosure , warning that making public information from US intelligence agencies could endanger future cooperation between London and Washington .
ADVERTISEMENT
But High Court judges ruled there was “ overwhelming ” public interest in publishing the material and that the risk to national security was “ not a serious one ” .
The judges said the content of the summary was already in the public domain following a decision in December by a US court in another case .
LaBolt underlined that Washington “ made its strongly held views known throughout this process .
We appreciate that the UK Government stood by the principle of protecting foreign government intelligence in its court filings . ”
With AFP .
The car accident lawyers in Boston at the Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman understand the challenges of dealing with all types of motor vehicle accidents .
Regardless of the specifics of your accident , it ’s critical for you as a car accident victim to hire an experienced and aggressive Boston car accident attorney to fight for your rights and make sure you receive maximum compensation under the law for any type of accident .
Our law firm represents clients throughout the Commonwealth of Massachusetts .
Our attorneys and staff will travel to you .
If you ’ve been in a car accident , you probably have a number of questions spinning around in your head :
Can I file a lawsuit against the person responsible ?
Is my insurance company obligated to pay for someone else ’s negligence ?
The other driver ’s insurance company has offered to settle my case .
Should I accept the settlement offer ?
The at - fault driver was working when the accident occurred .
Can the employer be held liable for my injuries ?
The at - fault driver ’s insurer is blaming the accident on me and refusing to pay my claim .
What should I do ?
The other driver was uninsured .
Do I have any recourse ?
First , the car accident lawyers in Boston at the Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman will analyze the facts of your case .
Our personal injury attorneys will answer your questions and conduct a thorough investigation to identify all parties potentially liable for your injuries and determine what your case is worth .
We will advise you on the steps to take to make sure you receive the compensation and justice you deserve .
Here ’s a quick look at some of things we ’ll do :
Obtain your PIP benefits .
Obtain compensation for any lost wages .
Communicate with all involved insurance companies .
Investigate your accident .
Identify all liable parties .
Make sure your medical bills are paid .
Analyze long - term financial needs or medical care .
Evaluate your injury claim .
All motor vehicle accidents are unique .
That ’s why our lawyers provide legal advice and action tailored to the specific facts of your car accident .
Our office provides free and confidential legal consultations .
Because we handle cases on a contingency basis , you wo n’t be charged any legal fees unless we ’re able to recover money for you .
Car insurance requirements differ from state to state .
Massachusetts requires drivers to have the following minimum car insurance coverage in order to operate a motor vehicle :
Bodily injury to others : $ 20,000 per person , $ 40,000 per accident .
Personal injury protection , also known as PIP : $ 8,000 per person , per accident .
PIP benefits include medical expenses and lost wages .
Bodily injury caused by an uninsured auto : $ 20,000 per person , $ 40,000 per accident .
Damage to someone else ’s property : $ 5,000 per accident .
Generally speaking , “ no - fault ” auto insurance laws require every driver to file a claim with his or her own insurance company after an accident .
It does n’t matter who was at fault .
In “ fault ” states , drivers can take one another to court for compensation regardless of the severity of their losses .
In no -fault states like Massachusetts , individuals involved in car crashes can’t pursue injury claims in court until certain conditions are met .
Massachusetts is a “ no fault ” state pursuant to Mass .
Ann Laws ch. 90 , Section 34 M , which deals specifically with personal injury protection , or PIP .
Massachusetts drivers are required to maintain a minimum amount of auto insurance coverage in case of a car accident .
If an accident occurs , a person must first file a claim with his or her own auto insurance company for PIP benefits and other benefits .
If a car accident victim wants to file a lawsuit against a driver outside of this no - fault system , he or she must prove that they incurred at least $ 2,000 in medical bills or your accident - related injuries include broken bones , a substantial loss of hearing or vision or some serious degree of disfigurement .
If your car accident case meets this threshold , a car accident lawyer in Boston can pursue several types of claims , including :
Personal injury
Wrongful death
Product liability
Insurance bad faith
A car accident attorney will be able to help you determine early on which potential claims might apply to your case .
It ’s important to note that if you share some of the blame for the car accident , you ’re not barred from suing .
As per Mass .
Ann .
Laws ch. 231 , section 85 , Massachusetts uses a system of “ modified comparative negligence , ” which allows car accident victims to claim damages against another party as long as his or her share of the fault does n’t exceed 51 percent .
However , if the court finds that the person who filed the claim was comparatively negligent , his or her share of financial damages will be reduced by that percentage of fault .
Again , a skilled and experienced car accident lawyer in Boston will help you identify all parties responsible for your car crash and evaluate your claim to make sure you receive maximum compensation for your injuries .
The amount of time you have to file a lawsuit following a car accident depends on the specifics of the accident .
A civil lawsuit is likely to involve personal injury , property damage , product liability or wrongful death .
In Massachusetts , the time limit to file each type of claim — also known as the statute of limitations — is three years .
That means you have three years from the date of the accident to file a lawsuit .
A car accident lawyer in Boston will make sure you meet all applicable deadlines .
A car accident lawyer will also help you identify all liable parties .
In addition to the driver of the other vehicle , a host of other parties could share liability for your motor vehicle accident , including :
At - fault drivers :
This could include drivers other than those the police identify as being responsible for your accident .
Massachusetts laws on comparative fault and contributory negligence allow recovery from any party who shares blame and even allows for partial recovery by a victim who is found partially at fault , or even criminal charged .
Additionally , Massachusetts laws on joint and several liability means blame can be shared proportionally by all defendants , without regard to percentage of fault , which makes identifying all parties responsible crucial to obtaining adequate damages .
Insurance companies :
While an at - fault driver ’s insurance company is responsible for paying damages , interactions with your own insurance company could significantly impact your ability to collect damages .
In addition to bodily injury liability coverage and property damage coverage , Massachusetts auto insurance law requires all drivers to carry minimum uninsured motorist coverage of at least $ 20,000 per person and $ 40,000 per incident .
Uninsured motorist coverage provides coverage when one or more at - fault parties do not have auto insurance .
While Massachusetts is not among the states that require underinsured motorist coverage , which provides protection when a motorist does n’t have enough insurance to pay all damages , many drivers carry this coverage , too .
Employers : Individuals injured in a traffic accident while on the job are eligible for workers ’ compensation benefits .
If you ’re injured by an at - fault driver who is working at the time , you might have a potential claim against the driver ’s employer .
Other drivers :
An involved driver who is n’t blamed or cited by law enforcement can still be held financially responsible for a car accident .
Obtaining statements or contact information from witnesses could be key to your case .
Municipalities :
In cases of dangerous or defective roads , missing or inoperable streetlights or other roadway dangers , a driver might be able to file a claim against a government entity or municipality .
While these entities can be held liable for negligence , or for the negligent or dangerous acts of employees , these cases are complicated and there are many exemptions as well as notice requirements , some as soon as 30 thirty days .
An experienced car accident attorney in Boston can help you navigate these complex cases .
Car accidents can be caused by a variety of factors and situations .
Here ’s a list of some common causes of car accidents :
Distracted driving is the leading cause of car accidents and includes activities such as texting or talking on a cellphone , eating , reading or grooming while behind the wheel .
is the leading cause of car accidents and includes activities such as texting or talking on a cellphone , eating , reading or grooming while behind the wheel .
Speeding in excess of posted limits is the second most common cause of car accidents .
in excess of posted limits is the second most common cause of car accidents .
Drunk driving rates are on the decline , but the problem — and danger — remains real .
Drunk driving is still the number one cause of roadway fatalities , according to Mothers Against Drunk Driving .
rates are on the decline , but the problem — and danger — remains real .
Drunk driving is still the number one cause of roadway fatalities , according to Mothers Against Drunk Driving .
Reckless driving occurs when a driver changes lane too quickly , drives aggressively , tailgates or otherwise operates a motor vehicle in a reckless manner .
occurs when a driver changes lane too quickly , drives aggressively , tailgates or otherwise operates a motor vehicle in a reckless manner .
Poor weather conditions that lead to slippery road surfaces and poor visibility .
conditions that lead to slippery road surfaces and poor visibility .
Motor vehicle design defects .
.
Driving the wrong way on a street .
on a street .
Failure to follow traffic lights and signage .
and signage .
Teenage drivers who lack driving experience .
who lack driving experience .
Older drivers who have poor eyesight or might be confused .
who have poor eyesight or might be confused .
Driving while under the influence of drugs , including marijuana and prescription medication .
, including marijuana and prescription medication .
Potholes , as well as debris and other obstructions in the middle of a road .
, as well as debris and other obstructions in the middle of a road .
Tire blowouts , which can cause a driver to swerve unexpectedly .
, which can cause a driver to swerve unexpectedly .
Animal crossings , especially deer .
, especially deer .
Construction zones , which can be confusing to drivers if improperly marked .
Some common injuries that people suffer in car accidents include :
Traumatic brain injuries , including concussions
Back injuries , including spinal cord damage and herniated discs
Neck injuries , including whiplash
Paralysis
Loss of limb
Soft tissue injuries
Broken bones
Burns
Post - traumatic stress disorder
Wrongful death
The type and severity of car accident injuries are affected by numerous factors such as seat belt use , airbag deployment , age of the accident victim , type of vehicles involved , collision speed and type of collision ( head - on crash , rear - end crash , sideswipe or side crash ) .
Car accident injuries can appear to be minor in nature immediately after an accident .
However , the true severity of an injury might not be discovered until weeks or even months later .
A car accident lawyer in Boston will help you properly evaluate the severity and impact of your injury and prevent you from prematurely settling your claim for less than you deserve .
Medical expenses
Physical pain and suffering
Mental anguish and emotional suffering
Lost wages
Loss of earning capacity
Loss of consortium brought by a spouse or child
Property damage
After conducting a thorough investigation of your accident , these are the damages that a car accident lawyer in Boston will negotiate on your behalf .
By retaining a skilled car accident attorney , you ’ll maximize the amount of damages that you recover .
If a car accident causes the death of another person , the next of kin might be able to file a wrongful - death claim , as explained in Mass .
Ann .
Laws ch. 229 , Section 2 , and recover damages that include loss of income , funeral and burial expenses , and punitive damages .
After a car accident , follow these basic steps :
Stop your vehicle .
Contact law enforcement .
Accept emergency medical treatment .
Cooperate with police .
Obtain contact information from the other drivers and any witnesses .
Take photos and notes .
Seek medical care , even if your injuries seem minor .
Contact your insurance carrier to inform it of the crash .
Keep records of insurance company contacts , police officer names , witness contacts and other pertinent information and stay organized .
Your next step is to speak with an experienced car accident attorney in Boston .
Do n’t delay .
An attorney will help you understand your rights under the law and review all options that you have .
In addition , your attorney can work with your insurance company and the insurance companies of any at - fault drivers on your behalf and make sure they treat you in a fair manner and in accordance with the terms of all insurance policies involved .
If an insurance company contacts you , refer the insurer to your personal injury attorney and refrain from making any other statement .
Your attorney will help identify all parties who might be liable and negotiate on your behalf for the maximum amount of compensation available .
Depending on your situation , there may be coverage under other insurance policies such as policies issued to people in your household .
If the at - fault driver is not the owner of the vehicle , he may have insurance coverage that may apply to help compensate you for your injuries .
If you ’re not sure if another party is liable for your car accident and your injuries , your attorney will help you make that determination .
Many car accidents are resolved before a lawsuit is filed by a settlement .
That ’s why it ’s important that your car accident attorney is a proficient negotiator .
Some cases are settled before a lawsuit is filed .
There are advantages to reaching a pre-trial settlement , including :
Faster resolution of your claim
Reduced attorney fees
No trial
No unpredictable decision by jurors
If the settlement you ’re being offered is n’t fair , these advantages are n’t worth it .
Your attorney can help you make that call .
An experienced car accident attorney will help you decide whether you should proceed with a personal injury action against the at - fault driver .
If the driver is underinsured and does not have adequate coverage to compensate you for your car accident damages , a personal injury lawsuit is one tact to take to seek compensation and make yourself whole .
Keep in mind that a lack of insurance often means that a driver is unable to afford additional coverage and has little money or financial assets .
In such a case , a personal injury lawsuit might not be your best course of action .
Again , a skilled personal injury lawyer will help you make the decision that ’s right for your situation .
If you think you ’re not at risk for being involved in a car accident or other motor vehicle accident , think again .
Some studies indicate that fatal car accidents are on the decline , thanks in part to safety technology installed in newer motor vehicles .
However , certain studies also show that motor vehicle accidents in general are on the rise because of distracted driving related , in part , to drivers using cellphones and other technology behind the wheel .
In addition , more than 143 million Americans commute on a daily basis , according to statistics from consumer safety group SaferAmerica .
With tens of millions of drivers on the country ’s roadways , accidents are bound to happen .
According to data from the Massachusetts Department of Transportation , there were approximately 4,426 car accidents in Boston in 2019 .
Of those car accidents , there were 19 fatal injury crashes , 82 serious injury crashes and 566 minor injury crashes .
In addition , 399 of those crashes were young driver related and 487 were older driver related .
In Boston , top intersection crash locations in 2019 were :
Morton Street / Harvard Street
Gallivan Boulevard / Dorchester Avenue
Gallivan Boulevard / Granite Avenue
Gallivan Boulevard / Adams Street
John F. Fitzgerald Expressway / RT 93 SB HOV Lane
In 2018 , Boston had the worst rush - hour traffic of any state in the country and the 8th worst in the world , according to a report by traffic analytics company INRIX .
The company valued the cost of congestion per driver at $ 2,291 .
Congested roads are prime sites for car accidents .
As for the state of Massachusetts , there were nearly 137,000 car accidents in 2019 .
Of those car accidents , 338 resulted in fatal injuries , 2,235 resulted in serious injuries and 14,975 resulted in minor injuries .
In addition , 2,400 were pedestrian related , 1,400 were bicyclist related , 1,700 were motorcycle related , 21,000 were young driver related and 24,700 were older driver related .
These are the most dangerous highways in Massachusetts from 2015 to 2017 and their corresponding fatalities , according to a July 19 , 2019 , article from online security site ASecureLife :
I -495N – 18 fatalities
I -495S – 15 fatalities
I - 195E – 9 fatalities
Boston is the capital and most populous city of Massachusetts .
The city covers 49 square miles and had an estimated population of more than 695,000 in 2018 .
In the downtown area , Boston ’s streets do n’t form a grid .
The eastern end of I - 90 ends in Boston .
I - 90 follows the Massachusetts turnpike .
Major highways in Boston include I -93 , US 1 , US 3 , Massachusetts Route 3 , Massachusetts Route 2 and Massachusetts Route 128 , which surrounds the city .
Accidents are common on these main roads , especially when brutal New England winters bring snow , ice and wind .
Boston has been nicknamed “ The Walking City ” and is home to more pedestrian commuters than other comparably populated cities because of its compact size and large student population .
The large number of walkers also means a large number of car accidents involving pedestrians .
Boston also has one of the highest rates of bicycle commuters .
Again , with so many bicyclists on the roads , Boston has a high rate of motor vehicle accidents involving bikes .
If you are struck by a motor vehicle as a pedestrian or bicyclist the lawyers at the Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman will help you recover the compensation you deserve .
Our car accident attorneys in Boston at the Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman charge clients on a Contingency Fee Basis .
This means that you agree to have our fees deducted from the final settlement or damages awarded by a jury at trial .
There are no upfront costs and no out - of - pocket legal fees .
At the Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman , there are no legal fees unless we obtain compensation on your behalf .
Our highly skilled , compassionate legal team understands that many people who come to us are n’t wealthy .
A lack of financial resources does n’t mean that a person should n’t be able to secure experienced representation in car accident or other personal injury action .
Attorney fees and limitations on contingency fees are governed by Mass .
Ann . Laws ch. 231 , Section 60I .
If you ’ve been in a car accident in Boston or anywhere else in Massachusetts , contact the personal injury lawyers and wrongful - death attorneys at the Law Offices of Jeffrey S. Glassman for a free and confidential consultation to discuss your rights at ( 617 ) 367-2900 .
Or visit our website at https://www.jeffreysglassman.com/.
Comparing male circumcision to abortion may seem like a stretch , but Freddie at L'Hote actually has a pretty decent argument .
Advertisement
First , Freddie adds a caveat : " Analogizing issues like circumcision and abortion too closely invites distortion of each , and people have ( understandably ) various sensitivities about political ' turf . '
So I would caution anyone against making this kind of comparison too easily or in any kind of comprehensive way . "
But then he writes ,
Often times , in this debate , you encounter people who take it as self - evidently absurd ( and , often , funny ) that anyone could be emotionally invested in the presence or absence of foreskin .
You get these dueling sets of evidence , about STDs and penile cancer , and about pleasure reduction , etc .
To me , trying to convince people empirically that the foreskin is important is exactly the wrong way to go about having the argument .
Because just as with a pregnant woman and her choice , it is absolutely immaterial that anyone else be able to understand why a man might feel one particular way about his foreskin .
It really does n't matter if anyone on the Internet can be convinced about his feelings .
It only matters that we recognize that it is his body .
Advertisement
Basically , he argues , it does n't matter if we think the foreskin is essential or inessential , just as it does n't matter if we think a particular woman should be able to carry her fetus to term .
What matters is " a human being 's ownership of his own body " ( or , in the case of abortion , her own ) .
It makes sense that a man — and not his parents — should decide what happens with his penis , and the controversy does bring up issues of body autonomy that swirl around the abortion debate as well .
But there 's a more obvious comparison : female circumcision .
Both involve permanently changing a child 's ( or sometimes young woman 's ) genitals , often without his or her consent .
Both are sometimes performed for religious reasons , which makes judging them from the outside a little more difficult .
But while the health effects of male circumcision are a matter of debate , the often dire complications from female circumcision are well - documented .
Male circumcision can , some argue , reduce sexual pleasure , while female circumcision frequently eliminates it — in fact , that 's sometimes the goal ( although it 's worth noting that the sexual effects of female circumcision are debated too ) .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
It 's hard not to consider female circumcision the more disturbing and potentially damaging procedure , but maybe that 's exactly the point .
A woman 's right to control her own body is more frequently and severely contested than a man 's right to control his , but this should n't necessarily eclipse issues like male circumcision .
Instead , maybe we should take challenges to women 's autonomy as opportunities to consider the bodily rights of all humans .
I still would n't equate the right not to be circumcised with the right to choose , and I 'm not prepared to say that male circumcision is a bad decision for all families .
But it does seem like parents should consider in this decision the rights of the infant , and of the man he 'll one day become .
Abortion And Circumcision [ L' Hote , via Daily Dish ]
Very nice , Havok !
I 'm embarassed I did n't see this sooner .
Do you jsut start bending and see where it goes , or plan out in advance what you 're fixing to make ?
I have to plan it out in advance .
The wire starts in the ( future ) figure 's chest , with a straight section ( ~2 inches ) for it 's chest / neck before being wrapped around a paper ball .
Once the right amount of wire for the head is wound , I wind back down the neck and remove the paper ball .
I then have a straight section down to his crotch , bend , and let out the right amount for his legs .
A simple loop begins the foot , then it 's back up the leg and onto the next one .
Same procedure for the arms .
Lots of care goes into making sure all the limbs are in proportion to everything elseBy a near miracle , my first wire figure came out with near - perfect limb - torso - head proportions , so I 've used him as measuring stick for all the subsequent figures .
Because they 're made of wire they 're fully posable ( and reposable , if you get bored of their pose ) , and can assume all of the positions that the human body can .
And lots of positions that the human body can 'tNext time I do one of these , I 'll be sure to make a video for you guys .
" BULLSHIT !
That bullet did n't even hit me ! " they cried as the space ship starts to play the destruction animation , and Player 1 life counter drops by one .
Similar cries of BULLSHIT !
are heard all over the world as thousands of people lose an imaginary life to imperfect collision detection every day .
Do you want random people on the internet to cry bullshit at your game ?
Well do ya punk ?
Bounding boxes are used by many games to detect if two things collide .
Either a rectangle , a circle , a box or a sphere are used as a crude way to check if two things collide .
However for many games that just is n't enough .
Players can see that something did n't collide , so they are going to be crying foul if you just use bounding boxes .
Pygame added fast and easy pixel perfect collision detection .
So no more bullshit collisions ok ?
Code to go along with this article can be found here ( https://github.com/illume/pixel_perfect_collision ) .
Why rectangles are n't good eno …
Game Add - On Brings L4D1 Survivors Down South
April 20 , 2010 – Valve , creators of best - selling game franchises ( such as Half - Life , Portal , Team Fortress , and Counter - Strike ) and leading technologies ( such as Steam and Source ) , today announced the first game add - on for its co-operative zombie thriller , Left 4 Dead 2 The Passing , is due for release Thursday , April 22 exclusively for the Xbox 360® video game and entertainment system and the PC .
The first game add - on for Left 4 Dead 2 ( L4D2 ) brings the original Left 4 Dead ( L4D1 ) Survivors down south for a meeting with the L4D2 cast , while delivering new single - player , multiplayer and co-operative gameplay for the PC and Xbox 360 .
The Passing also introduces a series of weekly game mode events dubbed “ Mutations . ”
These week - long runs of new gameplay modes range from “ Realism Versus ” mode to “ Chainsaw Massacre , ” which gives all players chainsaws with an unlimited supply of gasoline .
There are over 20 Mutations planned , each playable on all L4D2 Campaigns .
Mutations are exclusively available to owners of “ The Passing ” DLC .
In addition , “ The Passing ” offers a new co-operative challenge mode of play , support for infected bot play in Versus , a new “ uncommon common ” zombie class ( the fallen survivor ) , melee weapon ( golf club ) , and firearm ( M - 60 ) .
Available for 560 Microsoft Points on Xbox 360 and free on the PC , “ The Passing ” takes place just after the Dead Center campaign of L4D2 .
Set in a small town in rural Georgia , players assume the role of the L4D2 Survivors as they meet with the L4D1 characters .
Exclusively available for Xbox 360 and the PC , L4D2 sets a new benchmark for co-operative action games .
The title adds melee combat to enable deeper co-operative gameplay , with items such as a chainsaws , frying pans , axes , baseball bats , and more .
With the AI Director 2.0 , L4D ’s dynamic gameplay is taken to the next level by giving the Director the ability to procedurally change weather effects , world objects , and pathways in addition to tailoring the enemy population , effects , and sounds to match the players ’ performance .
The result is a unique game session custom fitted to provide a satisfying and uniquely challenging experience each time the game is played .
Finally , with new Survivors , boss zombies , weapons , and items , Left 4 Dead 2 offers a much larger game than the original , featuring more co-operative campaigns , more Versus campaigns , new Survival maps , and the new competitive game mode , Scavenge .
For more information , please visit www.l4d.com
[ smartads ]
Shadow Minister for Broadband , Communications and the Digital Economy , Tony Smith , is passionate in his views about ICT policy .
ARN spoke to him about why he wo n’t oppose mandatory filtering outright and why the National Broadband Network ( NBN ) will be scrapped if he comes to power .
Your predecessor , Senator Nick Minchin , was very straightforward about his position against the Internet filter .
With so much of the IT industry moving in that direction , why are n’t you following ?
Tony Smith ( TS ) : He [ Minchin ] said that the Coalition would be prepared to assess any credible trials and to look at the detail of any proposal .
He was sceptical of the proposal .
The point I ’d make to you is that while this is an issue that has very strong opinions in all directions , the Coalition did n’t go down this path and the reason was because we did n’t think it could be workable or effective from a technical point of view .
That is , we felt that there would be overblocking and it would harm the online experience for law - abiding Australians by slowing the Internet .
The reason I point that out is that our driving factors were practical .
We did n’t think it would be workable or effective .
Of course it needs to be borne in mind that from a philosophical or principle point of view , it was the Coalition Government back in 2000 that introduced legislation for the takedown notices for Australian hosted material .
I point that out because obviously the history of this is that when we were in Government , we were prepared to take steps to prevent access to material from the Internet .
When it came to filtering , the issue was whether it would be workable or effective .
It ’s an area that triggers strong opinions .
We ’re waiting for the legislation and I think that ’s a prudent and sensible thing to do .
We wo n’t be dissuaded from doing that – we have a big party room that wants to see the details of the legislation .
That ’s where decisions are made in the Coalition .
If others have other decision making mechanisms , it ’s their business and it ’s a free country .
A group of Liberal backbenchers are against the use of a mandatory filter .
Would you and Tony Abbott let them follow their conscience and vote against it ?
TS : What those backbenchers have done is express a view based on the information to date and we have n’t had the party room deliberation on the legislation yet .
The fact that it took the trials so long to occur – nearly two years – demonstrates the technical difficulties they ’ve obviously been having in taking a well - meaning thought bubble and converting it to practical policy .
The fact that there ’s been a delay even from the December announcement on bringing forward the legislation also highlights that .
We ’ll wait to see what it is they ’re actually trying to legislate and that will allow us to examine the workability in a very detailed way .
Those backbenchers who are all very intelligent and articulate people will put their view in the party room , which will then make a decision in the normal way .
So if the Government could prove to you it could go forward with a mandatory filter with no technical troubles you would support it ?
TS : What we ’ve said is we ’re yet to be convinced and we have n’t had the technical assurances that it can work .
We want to see if it can be effective as well .
We ’ll wait for the legislation and see what they put forward .
It was due at the end of March and that has n’t occurred yet .
So , the pedigree on this item is somewhere above Internet rumour and speculation , but only by the barest of margins .
Mike Walker , gossip columnist for the National Enquirer , holds a weekly game in which readers of the Enquirer , listeners of the Howard Stern Show , and the Stern crew themselves , guess which of four gossip items is false .
This week , one of the “ true ” items was that Dan Aykroyd has called Bill Murray to stop being a jerk and holding up production ;
WHO YA GONNA CALL DEPT . : DAN AYKROYD called old pal / “ Ghostbusters ” co-star BILL MURRAY and snarled : “ Stop acting like a jerk ! ”
It ’s getting spooky - ugly as Aykroyd , Murray , SIGOURNEY WEAVER , HAROLD RAMIS and ERNIE HUDSON struggle to birth their proposed “ Ghostbusters 3 ” sequel because Murray – despite agreeing to do the film – has suddenly turned so cranky and mean , he even refuses to answer phone calls .
“ Producers , who ’ve given Bill script approval , need his cooperation , but they ca n’t seem to get him on the phone to talk about the script , ” said a source .
“ He ’s even told them his character should be killed off in the first couple of minutes of the movie !
Bill ’s famously hard to handle , but he ’s really gone off the deep end since the breakup of his marriage .
That ’s why Dan , who knows him best , phoned to read him the riot act , but … ! ”
Stay tuned .
The question is , how much value to put on a “ True ” gossip item .
It ’s like calling something a “ real ” rumour – awesome , it ’s real … but it ’s still a rumour .
Right ?
Well , these days , it turns out the Enquirer is about as good a source as any other media outlet , particularly when it comes to celebrity and political scandal .
Not that Aykroyd chewing out Murray is a scandal – that ’s more like a good guess that nobody will follow up on .
But like I said , it does rank somewhere above Internet hearsay in the veracity department .
And hey – who does n’t want to yell “ Hurry up ! ” at anybody involved in a third movie these days ?
Thanks to Steven Hough for the tip .
[ VIA Bloody Disgusting ]
Rachel Maddow pointed out last night that a right winger and teabagger who 's running for secretary of state in Kansas is claiming responsibility for " helping " Arizona state Sen .
Russell Pearce write the state 's controversial new immigration law .
( He has since removed the claim from his website . )
Wingnut lawyer Kris Kobach , a constitutional law professor , is counsel for the Federation for American Immigration Reform ( FAIR ) , and he says the reason he 's running for secretary of state is to keep " criminal enterprise " ACORN from stealing elections .
( He refers to Al Franken 's " pseudo - election " . )
Even though in 2007 , as chair of the Kansas GOP , he openly bragged about the party " caging " voters - an illegal practice .
Hey , it 's okay if you 're a Republican !
From Stephen Lemons at the Phoenix New Times :
As disturbing as the prospect is of a nativist extremist lawyer like Kris Kobach training all 881 of Sheriff Joe 's beigeshirts in immigration law , I have to wonder if it's a sign that Arpaio 's throwing in the towel on the big Melendres vs.
Arpaio racial - profiling lawsuit now underway in federal court .
What , was Stormfront 's Don Black not available ?
Maybe Tom Metzger could take a break from running his white nationalist Web site The Insurgent to come down and offer some words of supremacist wisdom to Joe 's benighted deputy dawgs .
And do n't forget David Duke , that cat 's always lookin ' for a gig .
I kid , of course .
Being an attorney , Kobach 's ties to anti-immigrant and extremist nativist organizations are far more white collar , with the emphasis on white .
The controversial University of Missouri law prof acts as counsel for the Immigration Reform Law Institute , the legal arm of FAIR , the notorious Federation for American Immigration Reform .
The Southern Poverty Law Center has tagged FAIR as a hate organization , and FAIR 's earned the title .
Last April , when Kobach was announced as a minority witness before the U.S. House Judiciary Committee during the committee 's hearing into the 287( g ) program and Joe Arpaio , the SPLC hit the committee with a letter objecting to Kobach 's presence because of his ties to FAIR .
Regarding FAIR , the SPLC's Mark Potok had this to say : FAIR is listed as a hate group by the Southern Poverty Law Center , which publishes annual listings of such organizations .
Among the reasons are its acceptance of $ 1.2 million from the Pioneer Fund , a group founded to promote the genes of white colonials that funds studies of race , intelligence and genetics .
FAIR has hired as key officials men who also joined white supremacist groups .
It has board members who write regularly for hate publications .
It promotes racist conspiracy theories about Latino immigrants .
It has produced television programming featuring white nationalists .
And John Tanton , the man who founded the group in 1979 , has a long personal history of associating with white nationalists .
In a 1993 letter to Garret Hardin , a committed eugenicist who promoted pseudo - scientific ideas of racial purity , Tanton wrote candidly : " I 've come to the point of view that for European - American society and culture to persist requires a European - American majority , and a clear one at that . "
The committee ultimately allowed Kobach to speak , but the stigma Kobach carries with him both precedes and hounds him .
In 2004 , he ran as a Republican against Democratic Congressman Dennis Moore , and was spanked hard , losing by 11 percent to Moore in Kansas ' largely Republican 3rd District .
One reason he lost , according to The Road to Congress 2004 was because , " in general , Kobach was accused of taking money from a white supremacist organization , and the charge stuck . "
Currently , Kobach is vying to be Kansas ' Secretary of State .
Kobach also served under Attorney General John Ashcroft during the Bush administration .
There he developed a controversial program to profile Muslim men from certain countries and track them while in the U.S. Kobach is also the proponent of a near - mystical nativist legal concept : that local cops have the inherent authority to enforce all federal statutes .
Most legal scholars find this idea laughable , but folks like Arpaio and Arizona state Senator Russell Pearce cling to it like a life preserver in choppy waters .
Oh , this is gonna be interesting .
Here 's something I found about Kobach 's congressional run :
Kris Kobach ran an absolutely vicious primary campaign , worse than any of the previous primary campaigns , and remarkably one - sided .
He called Adam Taff " ultra - liberal " , he had Kansans for Life send out a letter saying that people who vote for Taff have the bloody water of abortionists on their hands , even though Taff supported restrictions on abortion .
Kobach called the President 's immigration plan a " liberal amnesty plan " , Kobach sent out a letter from his wife that said Adam Taff made her think of her miscarried baby when he criticized Kobach , Kobach basically insulted everyone who was even a little less conservative than he was .
That made a lot of people angry .
I do n't think most Republicans expect to be compared to Hillary Clinton and Ted Kennedy , or told that their views are ultra-liberal , they tend to take offense to that kind of thing and they do n't tend to forget it .
He 's a soldier of God , and do n't you ever forget it .
BY SEAN O’CONNELL
Circumstances kept me from seeing “ Date Night ” before its release , so Sunday , my wife and I had our own little date night ( well , afternoon ) and checked it out .
Really glad we did .
You go into a film like this expecting its stars , Tina Fey and Steve Carell , to be funny .
Each has a proven track record anchoring NBC ’s Thursday night line - up and entertaining audiences through impossibly smart sitcoms “ 30 Rock ” and “ The Office , ” respectively .
Their roots trace all the way back to Chicago ’s Second City improvisation program .
And they honed their skills with stops at “ Saturday Night Live ” and “ The Daily Show . ”
What I did n’t expect , but was happy to discover , was sharp , unfussy direction from “ Date NIght ” helmer Shawn Levy .
HIs plot is pure mistaken - identity piffle .
Boring New Jersey spouses Phil ( Carell ) and Claire Foster ( Fey ) are mistaken for blackmailers when they steal another couple ’s reservation at a trendy Manhattan seafood joint .
Dirty cops , clean cops and Ray Liotta try and rub the couple out .
A semi-naked Mark Wahlberg appears every so often to lend a hand ( and provide eye candy for the ladies in the theater , since Carell can not ) .
Nowhere in Levy ’s “ Night at the Museum ” films or “ The Pink Panther ” did I spot the restraint and control he exerts over “ Date Night . ”
The movie bounces along at a solid clip .
One - liners hit their marks , and visual gags involving a not - so - speedy boat or an historic revolver earn big laughs .
A long stunt sequence involving two cars locked at the grills is n’t just competent .
It ’s excellent .
And Levy ’s smartest choice appears to be getting out of Carell and Fey ’s way so they can rescue strip - club dance scenes with hilarious improvisation or charm their way through the predictable conclusion , where teamwork proves essential .
“ Date Night ” was unapologetocally funny .
Here ’s hoping enough couples chose it as their date night fodder so the naturally entertaining Carell and Fey get to do it all over again .
And soon .
Editor ’s note —
On Sunday afternoon , Box Office Mojo reports “ Date Night ” won the weekend with an estimated $ 27.1 million , topping “ Clash of the Titans ” with $ 26.8 million .
Stay tuned for actual numbers on Monday .
Serving Type – Bottle
Style – Czech Pilsner ABV – ?
Appearance – Very clean golden color .
Thin airy head with no lacing .
Smell – Just smells like a clean beer , the basic ingredients come through .
Taste – Malts to start with a nice smooth finish .
Not much of an aftertaste .
Mouthfeel – Medium carbonation .
Very smooth and somewhat on the drier side .
Drinkability – Very easy drinking beer .
I let it warm up a little and the real personality came through .
Overall – I have become a huge fan of Shiner over the past year and have loved everything they have released .
101 is a decent beer but not at the top of their offerings in my opinion ( personal taste ) .
Do n’t get me wrong , I ’m not saying to avoid it because I really did enjoy it but just not my favorite .
That being said , I will probably be going back for a second helping at some point .
This was my first attempt with czech pilsners and I ’m glad I started with this one .
On the label :
Simple things are n’t necessarily easy .
In fact , when it comes to brewing , it ’s tough to brew great beer with just a few ingredients .
But fear not , at the little brewery in Shiner we know a thing or two about refining even the most challenging of old - world recipes .
This Czech - style Pilsner is brewed with barley , hops , water , yeast and 101 years of brewing experience .
Here ’s to sticking to your roots and keeping things simple , PROSIT !
Microsoft signs the Joomla !
Contributor Agreement
Microsoft has signed the JCA ( Joomla ! Contributor Agreement ) , and we 've got some of their code in the Joomla !
1.6 trunk .
There , I said it .
It feels like it should be so much more does n't it ?
Do n't worry , I wo n't end the blog post there .
It has taken me a while to write this post , as I 'm not even sure what I want to put in – beyond my profound excitement .
Yes , it 's a big deal to have a major company contributing to the codebase .
And yes , the fact that it 's Microsoft contributing to a GPL project is big news .
But , in a lot of ways this is just part of a natural progression related to a lot of work that has been going on for a long time with Joomla !.
More important , really , is what this means for how people can use Joomla !.
So quickly a bit of history .
I 've been working ( along with Louis and Mark , and various other people over the years ) with Microsoft for a while now to get different things up and running .
This has been fun .
We 've managed to get Joomla !'s package on Web Platform Installer , and it now has more than 32,000 downloads .
We 've also been working on making Joomla ! run better on IIS .
Microsoft has helped here by providing test environments ( with a lot of us being Mac users , IIS testing is n't the first thing that comes to mind or the easiest thing to do ) .
With the release of 1.5.16 , we 'll have solved some long term bugs with IIS compatibility and be able to provide support for IIS on the same level as we have for Apache .
We 've long had lots of IIS based users , but have never before felt we could state that we supported the IIS server .
We 're pleased that Microsoft will work with us to address any engineering issues that could emerge in the future .
So at a high level , what does this mean for Joomla ! and the community ?
New code contributors are always welcome , of course , especially when they can bring new expertise .
In terms of Joomla !
usage , supporting IIS means opening a whole new territory of possibilities including in many enterprises .
And , more generally , we 're happy to see Microsoft as a contributor to the GPL world .
Would n't it be great if this is the start of constructive engagement between Microsoft and the Free and Open Source Software world ?
For Joomla !
1.6 , Don from the IIS team has generously donated some code to get WinCache integration for Joomla !
1.6 included .
This code is sitting in trunk right now and will be released together with the rest of 1.6 , however you do n't have to wait to try it out .
There is a blog available that explains how to get this up and running with Joomla !
1.5 .
Hopefully this is the start of a long - term , fruitful development on a platform that has n't received as much attention from us as others .
NDP MP Judy Wasylycia - Leis has been asked by supporters to run for the Winnipeg mayor 's seat .
( ( House of Commons ) )
Winnipeg MP Judy Wasylycia - Leis is giving up her seat in Parliament .
Effective May 1 , the longtime NDP politician will resign the Winnipeg North seat she has held since 1997 .
Wasylycia - Leis , 58 , made the announcement Tuesday in Ottawa .
There has been speculation she intends to run for mayor of Winnipeg in the civic election this fall .
However , a decision has yet to be made , she told CBC News earlier Tuesday .
Wasylycia - Leis , who was also a cabinet minister in the Manitoba government of Howard Pawley from 1986 to 1988 , is currently the federal NDP health critic .
She has also served as caucus chair and finance critic during her tenure .
Wasylycia - Leis said Tuesday that it is time to move on but did not elaborate .
She wants to spend time with her family before making an announcement about her future .
" It 's the right time for me to move on .
I 've had 14 glorious years representing Winnipeg North , " she said .
" There is much more to do but I think it 's time for me to move on and think about other decisions in my life . "
She has been urged by a number of people to take aim at municipal politics and challenge incumbent mayor Sam Katz .
It 's something she admits she is giving serious thought .
" This is a great , great city , but we 're in many ways launguishing and lacking in direction .
And people are looking for a strong voice , an alternative , a new vision , someone with a plan of action , " she said .
Wasylycia - Leis is already considered a front - runner among those challenging Katz .
According to a poll conducted in March , which asked Winnipeg voters who they favour as mayor in the election , she received the support of slightly more than one in three respondents .
Sam Katz is seeking a third term as Winnipeg mayor .
( ( CBC ) )
It was only a hypothetical race , however , since only two of the five people presented as choices — Katz and city Coun.
Lillian Thomas — had declared their intention to run .
Katz , who has been the city 's mayor since 2004 , garnered 51 per cent of support in the Probe Research / Winnipeg Free Press poll .
Even though Wasylycia - Leis has n't committed to the mayor 's race , Katz said her resignation from federal politics is as good as a confirmation that she plans to take a run at his seat .
He said she will bring years of experience and " heavy political machinery " to her campaign but he is up for the challenge .
" Every opponent is tough .
I 've never taken anything for granted before and I wo n't take it for granted now , " he said .
Medicare warrior
NDP Leader Jack Layton said Wasylycia - Leis has been one of the country 's most determined and effective health - care advocates .
" Judy has been a warrior on this issue in our caucus , " Layton said in a statement Tuesday , echoing praise from Shirley Douglas , daughter of medicare founder Tommy Douglas , who once called Wasylycia - Leis " Canada 's medicare warrior . "
" She has been a much - valued member of our caucus .
She will be a hard act to follow , " he said .
" I wish her well in her next adventure .
I know she will always be a loyal member of the New Democrat family .
We 'll miss her cheerful can - do attitude . "
In the show ’s hierarchy of nerddom , Sheldon , played by Jim Parsons , is the king , socially clueless and irritatingly , rigidly rational ( his former roommate left the words “ Die Sheldon , Die ” painted on the walls of his room ) , while Leonard , played by Johnny Galecki , is more of an everyman , trying to break out of his shell .
“ Leonard is in the most discomfort , he wants to move through the world , ” said Mr. Lorre ; Sheldon does n’t care .
Leonard ’s efforts to establish and then maintain a romantic relationship with Penny have constituted a major part of the narrative arc of the first three seasons .
How does it feel to be such a freak ?
During a break from rehearsals recently , Mr. Parsons and Mr. Galecki both said they did not understand any of the scientific dialogue in the show .
Mr. Parsons said his last interaction with academic science had been when he flunked a course in meteorology at the University of Houston .
But then again , he added , they did not understand all the pop culture references to comic books and “ Star Trek ” any better .
“ What am I trying to say by saying this is the most important thing , ” he said .
Mr. Galecki said : “ A lot of people thought it would be a show that poked fun at smart people , but it has become a show that defends smart people much more often than that .
These guys , as socially inept as they might be , are the type of people that are molding our future as a society . ”
Mr. Parsons memorizes his lines by writing them out longhand and says he is astonished when people ask if the actors on the show ever improvise .
“ To veer away from the scripted dialog is a one - way trip to sudden death , ” he said .
Still , problems and questions arise , which is where David Saltzberg , a particle physicist at the University of California , Los Angeles , and the show ’s scientific consultant , comes in .
Besides supplying the equations that appear on whiteboards in Sheldon and Leonard ’s living room , he sometimes advises on the plotting and characters ’ scientific predilections .
Dr. Saltzberg , who blogs about his activities on the show , said that many of the people who grouse to him about the show have not seen very much of it .
His comments were echoed by Mr. Prady , one of the producers , who rejected the notion that the show stereotypes women .
“ Far from being a dumb blonde , Penny has demonstrated time and again that she possesses above average intelligence and practical knowledge that often far exceeds that of the guys , ” he wrote in an e-mail message .
A law that was Steve Jobs 's idea is going up for vote in the California State Senate
( See a fast , picture - book version of this story here . )
Tomorrow , the California State Senate 's health committee will review a bill that , if passed , will make California the first state in the nation to create a live donor registry for kidney transplants .
The bill will also require California drivers to decide whether they want to be organ donors when they renew their drivers ' licenses .
According to one notable supporter , this second measure alone should double the number of organ transplants available in California .
The bill , proposed by state senator Elaine Alquist , is set to sail through the health committee , onto the state senate floor , and , eventually , into California state law .
One California political insider told us : " I have n't heard anybody come out against this . "
Last week , the bill cleared the state senate 's transportation committee with an 8 - 0 vote .
And yet , despite California State Senate Bill 1395 's near universal support , the ideas behind the bill had languished for years on the desk of Senator Elaine Alquist .
In fact , the idea of a registry for living kidney donors only gained enough political support from Alquist 's senate colleagues and the governor to make it into a formal bill this past March thanks to one man : Apple CEO Steve Jobs .
More specifically , the bill exists today -- and the law will , in all likelihood , exist in the future -- thanks to Steve Jobs 's illness last year and the huge , expensive effort it took for him to find a liver donor .
Here 's that story .
( See a fast , picture - book version here . )
Steve did n't look well at WWDC in 2008
In the summer of 2008 , Steve Jobs appeared on stage at Apple 's Worldwide Developers Conference in San Francisco 's Moscone Center to introduce the latest version of the iPhone .
Observers were shocked at Steve 's emaciated appearance .
Steve looked so bad , that , not wanting to be in the business of mocking a dying man , Dan Lyons soon quit writing his satirical blog Fake Steve Jobs .
Apple PR tried to tell reporters that Steve caught a " common bug " and that he 'd regain his weight soon .
But he did n't .
In December 2008 , Steve shocked the media and worried friends by announcing that he would not deliver Apple 's keynote at the upcoming 2009 Macworld Convention .
Apple again tried to suggest Steve 's health had nothing to do with the issue , but two weeks into the new year , the company and the CEO announced he would be taking a leave of absence in order to deal with a " hormone imbalance . "
Here 's what was really happening : Steve Jobs 's liver was failing and he was learning that he needed to replace it or else he would die .
Around this time , Steve began looking for a new liver .
Unfortunately , he was n't the only one doing so in California .
In fact , over 3,400 Californians were waiting for a new liver in 2009 .
Only 671 got one .
400 died .
What Steve probably did next , in the weeks between January and March , was what most wealthy Americans with failing livers do in the same situation : travel around the US and pay big fees to be examined by various doctors at various hospitals in order to get on as many waiting lists as possible .
This process is called multiple - listing , and its benefit is that when looking for a patient who needs a liver , hospitals look at their own lists before moving on to the national one .
The process is very time consuming .
One of the hospitals where Steve got listed required an interview with a doctor , an interview with a a social worker , complete medical work including lab tests , an abdominal ultrasound , psychological clearance , a colonoscopy , an EKG , " and a number of other tests . "
Of course , anybody who needs an new organ to survive would go through such an ordeal over and over again .
Most just can't afford to .
Their insurance companies only cover one listing because getting listed is very expensive .
This is what a liver surgery looks like at Methodist University Hospital
By early to mid-March : a miracle .
One of the hospitals at which Steve had gotten listed reached him to say that they had a liver and that he was the best candidate to receive it via transplant .
It was Methodist University Hospital in Memphis , Tennessee .
Steve acted fast .
According to one source , Steve had the local lawyers at Burch , Porter & Johnson create a limited - liability corporation ( LLC ) called LCHG LLC and buy the nicest mansion in Memphis 's wealthiest neighborhood on March 17 , 2009 .
Then , during the week of March 22 , 2009 Steve underwent surgery .
His surgeon was either James D. Eason , M.D or Nosratollah Nezakatgoo , M.D. .
The operation probably took five to six hours .
The liver came from a person in their mid-20s who died in a car crash .
This is where Steve recovered after his surgery in Memphis Hospitalization from a liver transplant can take several weeks , and it was n't until mid-April that Steve felt well enough to move into his new home in Memphis .
According to a source who conducted several interviews , neighbors noticed when he did .
They spotted Steve 's wife around town and the security cameras he had installed in trees surrounding his home .
They noticed the guard parked in the driveway .
See photos of the home →
Doctors recommend liver transplant patients stay in town for at least a month after leaving the hospital .
And so , between weekly visits to the hospital , Steve stayed at his new home in Memphis .
Even if he felt up for it , Steve could n't go out much because he had to take immunosuppressive medications to prevent rejection of the new liver , and this made him more susceptible to disease .
( At least the place was nice .
It 's listed as a $ 1.4 million , 7,400 square - foot home , with five bedrooms and five bath rooms . )
By June , Steve had recovered enough that he allowed it to be leaked to the Wall Street Journal that he would return by the end of the month .
On June 20th , the WSJ also got word of Steve 's surgery .
In September , Steve was healthy enough to speak at Apple 's annual refresh of its iPod line .
Still a bit raspy , he told the crowd about his surgery and his new liver .
By December 2009 , Steve Jobs 's life was much like it was before he got sick .
Rumors were running wild again and , unlike the year before , and more like every other year in Steve 's life since the launch of the iPod , they were not about his health , but about Apple 's latest gadget .
But something about his whole experience still bothered Steve .
What bothered him was that while he , a very wealthy man , was surviving his liver 's failure , others were not so lucky .
Specifically , he was upset because , while he was able to afford the costs of multiple - listing and a private jet that could ferry him to any hospital in the country at a moment 's notice , others in California could not ; they had to stay in California and hope .
He knew that 400 people died hoping .
Steve told Maria Shriver , California 's first lady , that her husband needed to encourage organ donors
And so , in a departure from a largely apolitical career , Steve decided to do something about it .
At a dinner in December -- no one will tell us where this dinner was -- Steve sat next to Maria Shriver , John F. Kennedy 's niece and California governor Arnold Schwarzenegger 's wife .
Steve told her the whole story of his liver transplant .
He complained that California does n't do enough to encourage people to become organ donors .
He told Maria that she should get her husband to do something about it -- that California should require people who want drivers ' licenses to say whether or not they want to be organ donors ( previously , they 'd only had the option of saying they wanted to be donors ) .
The First Lady talked to her husband .
Then the Governor called Steve .
The Governor called State Senator Alquist , who he knew to be a long time advocate for organ donation .
Suddenly , a cause that could n't find its way into a bill for two or more years was set to become State Senate Bill 1395 .
All thanks to Steve Jobs -- and his now - departed liver .
After his conversation with the Governor , a lot happened to distract Steve from his new cause .
Mostly , there was the iPad -- a gadget that was supposed to save media and replace laptops .
The iPad needed announcing and then last - minute perfecting .
Things got so busy that during the month before the iPad 's launch , Steve almost skipped an event at Stanford 's Lucile Packard Children 's Hospital where he , the Governor , and Senator Alquist were scheduled to announce the bill .
Lucile Packard 's Children Hospital at Stanford
When the Governor 's office contacted Lucile Packard to schedule the event roughly 10 days ahead of time , they said that Apple 's famous CEO had been invited to appear , but that the hospital should not include his name in the press release .
See photos from the event →
Then , five days before the event , Katie Cotton and Nick Ammann from Apple public affairs showed up at the hospital and took a preview of the tour that the Governor and the Apple CEO would take that Friday .
Finally , word came that Steve would show .
Friday came and so did the Governor , his entourage , and Apple CEO Steve Jobs in his characteristic black mock turtle neck and jeans .
After an introduction from the hospital 's president , the Governor stood at the podium .
He looked at Steve and said :
It 's great to have Steve Jobs here , who I think was very instrumental in getting us here today and to have us come up with this great bill that will change a lot here in California .
He talked to my wife about his transplant and then my wife talked to me about it and I talked to him about it and we had these great phone conversations back and forth and now here it is reality ; we are introducing the bill .
And what I like about Steve is , because he is a wealthy man , we all know that and that helped him get the transplant .
But he does n't want that , that only wealthy people can get the transplant and have a plane waiting to take him anywhere he needs to go .
He wants every human being , if you have no money at all or if you 're the richest person in the world , everyone ought to have the right to get immediately a transplant .
And this is why he has talked to my wife and this is why he has talked to me and put the pressure on us to get this bill going so that we open it up and have enough of the organs available for all the people that are potential recipients .
So we want to say -- let 's give him a big , big hand for his great generosity .
Steve Jobs speaks
That 's when Steve walked to the podium and said the following :
Thank you , Governor Schwarzenegger .
Last year I received a liver transplant .
I was very fortunate , because many others died waiting to receive one .
Last year in California there were 671 liver transplants but last year there were also over 3,400 people waiting for a liver and over 400 of them died waiting in California .
I was almost one of the ones that died waiting for a liver in California last year .
I was receiving great care here at Stanford but there were simply not enough livers in California to go around and my doctors here advised me to enroll in a transplant program in Memphis , Tennessee , where the supply / demand ratio of livers is more favorable than it is in California here .
And I was lucky enough to get a liver in time .
As a matter of fact , this coming week is my one - year anniversary .
So why are n't there more organs available in California ?
Because in California , like most other states in the nation , you must specifically request to become an organ donor at the Department of Motor Vehicles when you 're there to get or renew your driver 's license .
No one asks you if you want to become a donor .
And there 's no marketing campaign to make you aware of this opportunity , either , so unless you know about it and unless your specifically ask , nobody is going to ask you , nobody is going to give you this opportunity .
And yet even with this obscure procedure over 20 percent of Californians have signed up to be organ donors , which is fantastic .
But imagine what it could be if everyone knew of this opportunity .
And that 's what the Governor 's bill will do .
It will simply require the DMV to ask you if you 'd like to become an organ donor .
That 's it .
Asking this one simple question may double the number of transplant organs available in California -- one simple question .
And that 's a very high return on investment , especially for the over 20,000 Californians currently waiting for an organ transplant .
So Governor , thank you for your leadership on this bill .
And now I 'd like to introduce Senator Alquist .
Thank you .
There 's reason to believe the event moved Steve Jobs more than he expected it would .
During the preview tour five days prior , a hospital staffer recalls someone from Apple suggesting that they tighten up the tour of the hospital 's kidney transplant area -- make it quicker for the busy executives .
But at the end of the tour on the actual day of the event , this same hospital staffer says that while everyone else -- the Governor 's people , Apple 's people , and the hospital staff -- waited outside the recovery room for the children who had just received organ transplants , " Steve was still in there talking to kids . "
" Steve stayed in there for a while , really enjoying himself . "
See a fast , picture - book version of this story →
His conclusions ( the last sentences from his blog entries ) :
" If you speak SPARQL fluently , it is fairly easy to define constraints on your RDF data using SPIN . "
" And the winner for constraint S13 is clearly SPIN . "
" Once again fairly easy to do with SPIN ; a long study of the particularities of OWL2 DL restrictions to find out that this constraint cannot be expressed in OWL2 DL . "
" SPIN wins again . "
Paul is in no way associated with TopQuadrant and we have not asked him to create those write ups for marketing purposes - I discovered them by chance .
Paul appears to be fluent with a large variety of technologies and makes balanced use of whatever tools and languages are most useful for his given tasks .
So why does OWL fail in those examples ?
In my opinion , these examples expose a fundamental design limitation of OWL : OWL is hard - coded against specific design patterns , but anything that goes beyond those patterns cannot be expressed .
Furthermore , the choice of supported design patterns is misguided by theoretical assumptions about DL inferencing that are quite often irrelevant for practical purposes .
Let 's look at a longer version of this answer .
The data model of the Semantic Web is a graph structure consisting of RDF triples .
The strengths of RDF is that people can define their own ways of representing data and knowledge , and thus create arbitrary RDF graph patterns .
Users are free to define classes with any number of associated properties , forming larger structures that go far beyond the triple level .
In order to check constraints or execute rules on those graph structures , a general graph matching language is needed .
A strong candidate for this is SPARQL , especially its WHERE clause .
The WHERE clause is able to match fairly complex sub - graph patterns and provides variable bindings that can be used to report constraint violations or to fire the right hand side of a rule .
OWL on the other hand side is not able to represent arbitrary RDF graph patterns , but only a sub -set of those patterns that the designers of OWL found useful .
Many of those patterns have seemingly arbitrary restrictions , as illustrated by Paul 's examples ( e.g. , mixing different property types is not allowed in property chains ) .
OWL 2 and some of its implementations such as the OWL API have driven this approach to extremes , making it not even possible to represent those patterns syntactically .
This is because OWL 2 is not based on the RDF data model and therefore cannot talk about RDF in general .
So if you want to ask a question that the OWL 2 designers have not anticipated , then you can not use OWL .
To make matters worse , OWL 2 is heavily influenced by research from the field of Description Logics , which many real - world users find both artificial and unhelpful .
The goal of DL is to find a " tractable " sub - set of logic that allows inference engines to " guarantee " that all possible questions will be answered in finite time .
While this sounds like an attractive value proposition from a theoretical point of view , practical evidence shows that the sub - set selected for OWL DL does not cover enough real - world use cases ( see Paul 's entries ) .
Furthermore , there is enough practical evidence suggesting that while OWL DL inferencing may terminate in finite time , this time might be after the heat death of the universe and therefore completely useless .
Just look at the mailing list archives of popular OWL DL inference engines to read about complaints of how slow those engines are in the real world .
With SPARQL and SPIN you can of course also create very slow queries , but at least you have much greater flexibility and expressivity .
And like with any language , a fair amount of engineering and experience allows you to prevent performance pitfalls .
You also cannot expect to throw any complex query at your SQL database and expect ideal response times .
Engineering is needed .
In defense of OWL , there are lots of useful design patterns encoded in this language , and it is great that the community has a standard vocabulary to talk about classes and things like property cardinalities .
There needs to be some standard to capture ontology design patterns , and OWL does a good job for many of them .
But this makes OWL just one out of a catalog of vocabularies , on the same level as SKOS or FOAF or SIOC or GoodRelations .
It 's simply a good vocabulary to talk about classes , while SKOS is a good vocabulary to talk about taxonomies and GoodRelations is a good vocabulary to talk about business .
" After a tip - off from local people we arrested the wife with 35 kilograms ( 77 pounds ) of meat from about 25 langurs .
We also seized one rifle and wood sticks to kill the monkeys , " he said .
The secret behind MSG 's surprise 3D broadcast of last night 's Rangers / Islanders hockey game ?
It came together in a two week turnaround which repurposed equipment laying around between stops at a recent Black Eyed Peas concert and next month 's NAB show in Las Vegas .
Judging by the reviews it was worth the effort with more than a few indicating an interest in buying 3DTVs to check things out at home next time -- while it aired on Cablevision , all the reports we found were based on the screens located at the arena itself .
Not everyone agreed on the best aspects of the new production : Christopher Botta ofpreferred a lack of " reaching through the screen " gimmicks while thereport asked for more opportunities to feel like the players are popping out at the viewer , even though they found the standard HDTV feed " flat , underlit and distant " in comparison .
We could n't find any complaints regarding those ever - present 3D glasses , though issues like someone walking in front of the camera or on screen graphics appearing to leap off the screen revealed there 's still a few kinks to work out ( camera placement may be further adjusted during an upcoming renovation . )
The appeal of 3D sports for fans has already been established , we 're wondering if playing in a more 3D - ready arena might be used to convince Lebron or other stars to play home games at MSG , in the meantime , check out all the reviews and a few behind the scenes videos embedded after the break .
The Conservative government will not fund abortion as part of its G8 child - and maternal - health plan for poor countries , setting up a potential conflict with the U.S. and other G8 partners .
The Harper government until today had refused to say whether abortion would be covered under their plan .
International Co-operation Minister Bev Oda confirmed the move Monday on the eve of a meeting of G8 development ministers in Halifax Tuesday .
She said Canada could include family planning and contraception could be included in the plan , but abortion has been ruled out .
" The details remain to be determined , " she told reporters Monday .
" However , Canada 's contribution will not include funding of abortions . "
The bid threatens the possibility of a consensus being found at the two - day G8 meeting being held in June in Muskoka , Ont .
The Harper government has stated they want the health of mothers and children under the age of five in poor countries to be a key item at the meetings .
The threat of an abortion debate could overshadow what should be the most important item -- preventing nearly nine million child deaths a year -- Caroline Riseboro of World Vision Canada told The Canadian Press .
" This abortion debate is continuing when this initiative ( on child and maternal health ) has so much potential to do so much to save lives , " she said .
" We hope that the debate is n't going to continue to focus on this but it 's going to focus on how Canada can take a leadership role in child and maternal health . "
Critics say Canada 's position will put it in conflict with the U.S. and other G8 partners .
U.S Secretary of State Hillary Clinton said abortion cannot be separated from reproductive health on a March trip to Canada , rankling the Harper government .
" You cannot have maternal health without reproductive health and reproductive health includes contraception and family planning and access to legal , safe abortions , " Clinton said at the time .
Still , Oda insisted Monday the government had the backing of other nations .
" They all support Canada 's initiative , " she said .
" There is no division on what it includes . "
Liberal MP Bob Rae said the government 's position is ridiculous .
" They have this great sort of double talk where they say , ' We do n't want to reopen the abortion debate . '
Well , they just did , " he said .
He added that the Tories are trying to force their values on other nations .
With files from The Canadian Press
Just a quick note : my take on the politics of immigration is that it divides both parties , but in different ways .
Democrats are torn individually ( a state I share ) .
On one side , they favor helping those in need , which inclines them to look sympathetically on immigrants ; plus they ’re relatively open to a multicultural , multiracial society .
I know that when I look at today ’s Mexicans and Central Americans , they seem to me fundamentally the same as my grandparents seeking a better life in America .
On the other side , however , open immigration can’t coexist with a strong social safety net ; if you ’re going to assure health care and a decent income to everyone , you ca n’t make that offer global .
So Democrats have mixed feelings about immigration ; in fact , it ’s an agonizing issue .
Republicans , on the other hand , either love immigration or hate it .
The business - friendly wing of the party likes inexpensive workers ( and would really enjoy a huge guest - worker program that would both provide such workers and ensure that they can neither vote nor , in practice , unionize ) .
But the cultural / nativist / tribal conservatives hate having these alien - looking , alien - sounding people on American soil .
So immigration is an issue that divides Republicans one from another , not within each individual ’s heart .
For a long time the GOP was essentially run by business interests , with the cultural right taken for a ride ; in 2004 Bush ran as the nation ’s defender against gay married terrorists , then announced that the election gave him a mandate to … privatize Social Security .
But what the Tea Party really signifies , I think , is that the business interests have lost control , that the base , with its fears about the Other , has escaped from guidance .
And the sudden immigration outburst is part of that phenomenon .
Democrats think this gives them an opening .
I ’m unclear about that , at least for 2010 .
But yes , in the long run you have to think that if the GOP becomes the party of angry white men , unleashed — as opposed to angry white men harnessed to the business elite — it will have a poor future .
No recap is available for this game
Any commercial use or distribution without the express written consent of STATS PERFROM is strictly prohibited .
There are no constraints left to halt America ’s slide into a totalitarian capitalism .
Electoral politics are a sham .
The media have been debased and defanged by corporate owners .
The working class has been impoverished and is now being plunged into profound despair .
The legal system has been corrupted to serve corporate interests .
Popular institutions , from labor unions to political parties , have been destroyed or emasculated by corporate power .
And any form of protest , no matter how tepid , is blocked by an internal security apparatus that is starting to rival that of the East German secret police .
The mounting anger and hatred , coursing through the bloodstream of the body politic , make violence and counter - violence inevitable .
Brace yourself .
The American empire is over .
And the descent is going to be horrifying .
Those singled out as internal enemies will include people of color , immigrants , gays , intellectuals , feminists , Jews , Muslims , union leaders and those defined as “ liberals . ”
They will be condemned as anti-American and blamed for our decline .
The economic collapse , which remains mysterious and enigmatic to most Americans , will be pinned by demagogues and hatemongers on these hapless scapegoats .
And the random acts of violence , which are already leaping up around the fringes of American society , will justify harsh measures of internal control that will snuff out the final vestiges of our democracy .
The corporate forces that destroyed the country will use the information systems they control to mask their culpability .
The old game of blaming the weak and the marginal , a staple of despotic regimes , will empower the dark undercurrents of sadism and violence within American society and deflect attention from the corporate vampires that have drained the blood of the country .
“ We are going to be poorer , ” David Cay Johnston told me .
Johnston was the tax reporter of The New York Times for 13 years and has written on how the corporate state rigged the system against us .
He is the author of “ Free Lunch : How the Wealthiest Americans Enrich Themselves at Government Expense and Stick You With the Bill , ” a book about hidden subsidies , rigged markets and corporate socialism .
“ Health care is going to eat up more and more of our income .
We are going to have less and less for other things .
We are going to have some huge disasters sooner or later caused by our failure to invest .
Dams and bridges will break .
Buildings will collapse .
There are water mains that are 25 to 50 feet wide .
There will be huge infrastructure disasters .
Our intellectual resources are in decline .
We are failing to educate young people and instill in them rigor .
We are going to continue to pour money into the military .
I think it is possible , I do not say it is probable , that we will have a revolution , a civil war that will see the end of the United States of America . ”
“ If we see the end of this country it will come from the right and our failure to provide people with the basic necessities of life , ” said Johnston .
“ Revolutions occur when young men see the present as worse than the unknown future .
We are not there .
But it will not take a lot to get there .
The politicians running for office who are denigrating the government , who are saying there are traitors in Congress , who say we do not need the IRS , this when no government in the history of the world has existed without a tax enforcement agency , are sowing the seeds for the destruction of the country .
A lot of the people on the right hate the United States of America .
They would say they hate the people they are arrayed against .
But the whole idea of the United States is that we criticize the government .
We remake it to serve our interests .
They do not want that kind of society .
They reject , as Aristotle said , the idea that democracy is to rule and to be ruled in turns .
They see a world where they are right and that is it .
If we do not want to do it their way we should be vanquished .
This is not the idea on which the United States was founded . ”
It is hard to see how this can be prevented .
The engines of social reform are dead .
Liberal apologists , who long ago should have abandoned the Democratic Party , continue to make pathetic appeals to a tone - deaf corporate state and Barack Obama while the working and middle class are ruthlessly stripped of rights , income and jobs .
Liberals self - righteously condemn imperial wars and the looting of the U.S. Treasury by Wall Street but not the Democrats who are responsible .
And the longer the liberal class dithers and speaks in the bloodless language of policies and programs , the more hated and irrelevant it becomes .
No one has discredited American liberalism more than liberals themselves .
And I do not hold out any hope for their reform .
We have entered an age in which , as William Butler Yeats wrote , “ the best lack all conviction and the worst are full of passionate intensity . ”
“ If we end up with violence in the streets on a large scale , not random riots , but insurrection and things break down , there will be a coup d’état from the right , ” Johnston said .
“ We have already had an economic coup d’état .
It will not take much to go further . ”
How do we resist ?
How , if this descent is inevitable , as I believe it is , do we fight back ?
Why should we resist at all ?
Why not give in to cynicism and despair ?
Why not carve out as comfortable a niche as possible within the embrace of the corporate state and spend our lives attempting to satiate our private needs ?
The power elite , including most of those who graduate from our top universities and our liberal and intellectual classes , have sold out for personal comfort .
Why not us ?
The French moral philosopher Albert Camus argued that we are separated from each other .
Our lives are meaningless .
We can not influence fate .
We will all die and our individual being will be obliterated .
And yet Camus wrote that “ one of the only coherent philosophical positions is revolt .
It is a constant confrontation between man and his obscurity .
It is not aspiration , for it is devoid of hope .
That revolt is the certainty of a crushing fate , without the resignation that ought to accompany it . ”
“ A living man can be enslaved and reduced to the historic condition of an object , ” Camus warned .
“ But if he dies in refusing to be enslaved , he reaffirms the existence of another kind of human nature which refuses to be classified as an object . ”
The rebel , for Camus , stands with the oppressed — the unemployed workers being thrust into impoverishment and misery by the corporate state , the Palestinians in Gaza , the civilians in Iraq and Afghanistan , the disappeared who are held in our global black sites , the poor in our inner cities and depressed rural communities , immigrants and those locked away in our prison system .
And to stand with them does not mean to collaborate with parties , such as the Democrats , who can mouth the words of justice while carrying out acts of oppression .
It means open and direct defiance .
The power structure and its liberal apologists dismiss the rebel as impractical and see the rebel ’s outsider stance as counterproductive .
They condemn the rebel for expressing anger at injustice .
The elites and their apologists call for calm and patience .
They use the hypocritical language of spirituality , compromise , generosity and compassion to argue that the only alternative is to accept and work with the systems of power .
The rebel , however , is beholden to a moral commitment that makes it impossible to stand with the power elite .
The rebel refuses to be bought off with foundation grants , invitations to the White House , television appearances , book contracts , academic appointments or empty rhetoric .
The rebel is not concerned with self - promotion or public opinion .
The rebel knows that , as Augustine wrote , hope has two beautiful daughters , anger and courage — anger at the way things are and the courage to see that they do not remain the way they are .
The rebel is aware that virtue is not rewarded .
The act of rebellion defines itself .
“ You do not become a ‘ dissident ’ just because you decide one day to take up this most unusual career , ” Vaclav Havel said when he battled the communist regime in Czechoslovakia .
“ You are thrown into it by your personal sense of responsibility , combined with a complex set of external circumstances .
You are cast out of the existing structures and placed in a position of conflict with them .
It begins as an attempt to do your work well , and ends with being branded an enemy of society .
…
The dissident does not operate in the realm of genuine power at all .
He is not seeking power .
He has no desire for office and does not gather votes .
He does not attempt to charm the public .
He offers nothing and promises nothing .
He can offer , if anything , only his own skin — and he offers it solely because he has no other way of affirming the truth he stands for .
His actions simply articulate his dignity as a citizen , regardless of the cost . ”
Those in power have disarmed the liberal class .
They do not argue that the current system is just or good , because they cannot , but they have convinced liberals that there is no alternative .
But we are not slaves .
We have a choice .
We can refuse to be either a victim or an executioner .
We have the moral capacity to say no , to refuse to cooperate .
Any boycott or demonstration , any occupation or sit-in , any strike , any act of obstruction or sabotage , any refusal to pay taxes , any fast , any popular movement and any act of civil disobedience ignites the soul of the rebel and exposes the dead hand of authority .
“ There is beauty and there are the humiliated , ” Camus wrote .
“ Whatever difficulties the enterprise may present , I should like never to be unfaithful either to the second or the first . ”
“ There is a time when the operation of the machine becomes so odious , makes you so sick at heart , that you ca n’t take part ; you ca n’t even passively take part , and you ’ve got to put your bodies upon the gears and upon the wheels , upon the levers , upon all the apparatus , and you ’ve got to make it stop , ” Mario Savio said in 1964 .
“ And you ’ve got to indicate to the people who run it , to the people who own it , that unless you ’re free , the machine will be prevented from working at all . ”
The capacity to exercise moral autonomy , the capacity to refuse to cooperate , offers us the only route left to personal freedom and a life with meaning .
Rebellion is its own justification .
Those of us who come out of the religious left have no quarrel with Camus .
Camus is right about the absurdity of existence , right about finding worth in the act of rebellion rather than some bizarre dream of an afterlife or Sunday School fantasy that God rewards the just and the good .
“ Oh my soul , ” the ancient Greek poet Pindar wrote , “ do not aspire to immortal life , but exhaust the limits of the possible . ”
We differ with Camus only in that we have faith that rebellion is not ultimately meaningless .
Rebellion allows us to be free and independent human beings , but rebellion also chips away , however imperceptibly , at the edifice of the oppressor and sustains the dim flames of hope and love .
And in moments of profound human despair these flames are never insignificant .
They keep alive the capacity to be human .
We must become , as Camus said , so absolutely free that “ existence is an act of rebellion . ”
Those who do not rebel in our age of totalitarian capitalism and who convince themselves that there is no alternative to collaboration are complicit in their own enslavement .
They commit spiritual and moral suicide .
Decoding Reality : The Universe as Quantum Information .
By Vlatko Vedral .
Oxford University Press ; 256 pages ; $ 29.95 and £ 16.99 .
Buy from Amazon.com , Amazon.co.uk
ONE of the most elusive goals in modern physics has turned out to be the creation of a grand unified theory combining general relativity and quantum mechanics , the two pillars of 20th - century physics .
General relativity deals with gravity and time and space ; quantum mechanics with the microscopic workings of matter .
Both are incredibly successful in their own domains , but they are inconsistent with one another .
For decades physicists have tried to put the two together .
At the heart of the quest lies the question , of what is the universe made ?
Is it atoms of matter , as most people learned in school ?
Or some sort of energy ?
String theory , currently a popular idea , holds that the universe is made up of tiny vibrating strings .
Other equally esoteric candidates abound .
Indeed , cynics claim that there are as many grand unified theories as there are theoretical physicists attempting unification .
Now Vlatko Vedral , an Oxford physicist , examines the claim that bits of information are the universe 's basic units , and the universe as a whole is a giant quantum computer .
He argues that all of reality can be explained if readers accept that information is at the root of everything .
So what is information ?
Mr Vedral 's notion of information is not the somewhat fuzzy concept most people have of it , but a precise mathematical definition that owes itself to Claude Shannon , an American mathematician considered to be the father of “ information theory ” .
Shannon worked at Bell Labs , at the time the research arm of AT&T , a telephone giant , and in the 1940s became interested in how much information could be sent over a noisy telephone connection .
This led him to calculate that the information content of any event was proportional to the logarithm of its inverse probability of occurrence .
( Unlike many popular - science books that eschew equations , Mr Vedral includes a couple and tries his best to explain them to the reader . )
What does the equation mean ?
As Mr Vedral points out , it says that an unexpected , infrequent event contains much more information than a more regular happening .
Once he has defined information , Mr Vedral proceeds to show how information theory can be applied to biology , physics , economics , sociology and philosophy .
These are the most interesting parts of the book .
Of particular note is the chapter on placing bets .
Mr Vedral gives a good description of how Shannon 's information theory can be applied to winning at blackjack or in buying shares ( Shannon and his friends made fortunes in Las Vegas as well as on the stockmarket ) .
And his exposition of climate change and how to outwit the CIA make entertaining reading .
One quibble : Mr Vedral often digresses from the point at hand , so the overall effect tends to be a bit meandering .
Mr Vedral 's professional interests lie in quantum computing and quantum information science , which use the laws of quantum mechanics respectively to build powerful computers and render codes unbreakable .
There is a lot of discussion of both , which is very welcome because there are not many popular science books that cover these relatively young fields .
Quantum computers , as Mr Vedral points out , “ are not a distant dream ” .
Though still rudimentary , “ they can solve some important problems for us that conventional computers cannot . ”
Unusually for a physicist , Mr Vedral spends a fair bit of time talking about religious views , such as how God created the universe .
He asks whether something can come out of nothing .
Throughout the ages philosophers and theologians have debated this question with respect to Judeo - Christian faiths , in which dogma holds that the world was created from the void , creation ex nihilo .
Others side with King Lear who tells Cordelia that “ Nothing can come of nothing . ”
Mr Vedral makes a persuasive argument for a third option : information can be created out of nothing .
If you love to customize the appearance of your KDE Desktop , then you probably already know deKorator , a pixmap window decoration engine initially written by Moty Rahamim for KDE 3 .
When I ported it to KDE 4 , I did not try to improve it in any way ; my first goal was to have it available at all .
The only new feature in deKorator 0.4 was support for transparent themes to make use of the ARGB ability of KWin 4.3 .
Today , deKorator version 0.5.1 has been released , and it comes packed with a whole lot of new features and bug fixes .
I was too lazy to update the ChangeLog file ( you can get the svn log from playground / artwork / dekorator , though ) , but since the changes need to be documented somewhere for theme writers , I decided to write a small “ changeblog ” .
Improved theme installation and selection
The most often reported bug required a rewrite of the theme selection dialog .
The new theme selection dialog shows previews of the themes
When you installed a theme and clicked on it in the list , it was not selected as the current theme , but you had to “ apply paths ” first .
The feature to set individual paths has been removed from the dialog ; simply clicking on a theme selects the paths automatically ( you can still set them in the config file manually ) .
Improved detection of theme files
Another problem was that installation of themes often failed because of the strict naming requirements .
Now the detection is much better , it even detects old deKorator 0.1 themes , and tries to find decoration archives inside the installed archive .
Some themes still do not install correctly because of wired bugs in the theme files .
For example , there are themes that have the “ deco ” and “ buttons ” directories directly in the root of the archive , without any directory for the theme name …
GetHotNewStuff support
For many themes , installation can now be done directly from the KNewStuff interface to the openDesktop.org site “ kde-look.org ” , where over 150 deKorator themes can be downloaded .
Download and rate deKorator themes using the GHNS dialog
Thanks to improvements in the coming KDE SC 4.5 release , you will even be able to rate themes or upload your own themes .
With that , we come to a feature that will be appreciated by theme creators .
Separate images for inactive windows
User “ Shirakawasuna ” requested a set of different images for buttons on inactive windows , and later suggested to use Emerald compatible button files .
This has now be implemented in deKorator 0.5.1 .
A single image contains all button states
( the chessboard pattern shows transparency )
Inside the “ buttons ” directory , there are usually the directories “ normal ” , “ hover ” , and “ press ” , but you can now also place a single file for each button type directly inside the “ buttons ” directory .
The file has to be named “ buttons < Type >.png ” , where < Type > is “ Close ” , “ Max ” , “ Min ” , “ Restore ” , etc. as before .
Example - theme /
deco /
leftTitleBg.png
midTitleBg.png
…
inactive /
leftTitleBg.png
midTitleBg.png
buttons /
buttonsClose.png
buttonsMax.png
…
normal /
buttonClose.png
buttonMax.png
…
press /
hover /
masks /
topLeftCornerBitmap.png
topRightCornerBitmap.png
…
Contents of deKorator theme archive “ Example - theme.tar.gz ”
This file must have six images in a single row , all equally sized .
The order is “ normal ” , “ hover ” , “ press ” for active windows , then “ normal ” , “ hover ” , “ press ” for inactive windows .
For compatibility , you should keep the old individual button files until the new version has been adopted by users .
Note :
When porting Emerald themes , you have to rename the files , e.g. from “ buttons.max.png ” to “ buttonsMax.png ” .
You might also need to add some transparent padding to get them aligned correctly within the frame , as deKorator always centers images that are smaller than the frame .
Additionally , you can now also supply separate images for the frame of inactive windows .
deKorator supports separate decoration images for active and inactive windows
Inside the “ deco ” directory , you can place a directory named “ inactive ” with the same file layout .
You do not need to add all images ; those that are not provided are used from the “ deco ” directory .
Attention !
Use this feature with care !
deKorator has been designed to allow the user to colorize active and inactive window frames by using the respective colors from Systemsettings , so do not provide separate images if you just want different colors .
It is intended that this feature is used to make graphics for inactive windows less detailed ( for example , by removing stripes or other decorations ) .
Check the “ Modern System ” or “ KDE 2 ” themes to see what I mean .
I hope that these improvements give theme writers more freedom in their design or porting efforts ; I am looking forward to new themes , maybe even some with real alpha transparency .
Bug fixes in deKorator 0.5.1
Fix borders on maximized windows ( requested by user “ Shirakawasuna ” )
Fix resize region with small borders ( thanks to “ Shirakawasuna ” for reporting the issue , clearly seen on his “ Dots ” theme )
Fix “ hand ” cursor over buttons ( requested by “ Shirakawasuna ” )
Fix possible crash with NoBorder option ( reported by “ Ace2016 ” , thanks ! )
Fix large images being cropped instead of scaled ( reported / requested by “ Shirakawasuna ” , clearly seen on his Reluna - Bluetiful port )
Fix stuck windows when shading windows with masks ( this was first reported by “ Thailandian ” , and later “ greggel ” found out how to trigger it .
Thanks to both ! )
Fix spelling mistake for masks ( found by “ Shirakawasuna ” )
Fix wrong button image “ StickyDownPress ” used instead of “ Sticky Press ” ( thanks to user “ greggel ” for reporting )
Fix partial transparency on button backgrounds ( that bug was unnoticed , because there are no partially transparent themes yet )
If you find anything else that needs to be improved , please use the bugs .
kde.org bugtracker .
Obesity Trends in the U.S. [ 1985 - 2006 ] *
The map below displays obesity trends in the United States , as recorded by the Centers for Disease Control 's Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System .
During the past 20 years there has been a dramatic increase in obesity in the United States .
Only a few states participated in the survey in 1985 .
In 1991 , four states had obesity prevalence rates of 15 - 19 percent , and no states had rates at or above 20 percent .
By 2006 , only 4 states had obesity prevalence rates less than 20 percent , while 22 states had prevalence rates equal to or greater than 25 percent , with 2 of those having prevalences equal to or greater than 30 percent .
Through thick glass windows beneath 20 feet of water lurk canisters containing spent nuclear fuel rods , stored after having powered one of the four reactors at this nuclear energy site on South Korea 's east coast , 100 miles southeast of Seoul .
" Currently , we have space for spent fuel rods until 2016 , " says Park Chan-sung , an official at the site , the newest of four nuclear power plant complexes with 20 reactors operating under the aegis of the state - owned Korea Hydro and Nuclear Power Co. " Plans for after 2016 are under discussion . "
The issue of what to do with the fuel rods is reaching critical mass .
South Korea is a rising manufacturer of nuclear reactors and exporter of nuclear power plants .
Now , it wants to reprocess rather than store its spent fuel rods – despite fears of potential proliferation and questions about a ban on reprocessing imposed by its nuclear cooperation agreement with the United States .
The debate is critical not only for South Korea 's nuclear energy program but also for efforts to get North Korea to abandon its nuclear weapons .
North Korea 's leader , Kim Jong - il , talks about " denuclearization " of the Korean Peninsula , suggesting North Korea will persist in its program as long as South Korea and the US also have nuclear capabilities .
South Korean scientists as well as leaders say the South needs the independence to recycle spent fuel rods .
But some observers say that could lead to the South producing plutonium for warheads .
South Koreans disavow any ambition other than to extract more uranium to fuel reactors .
It would then bury the residue .
Secret talks underway
Secret talks are under way , mean­while , on revising the nuclear cooperation agreement .
" Both our countries support the global growth of the peaceful use of nuclear energy , " US Ambassador Kathleen Stephens told an influential Korean audience in mid-March .
" We will continue our cooperation to guarantee the safety and proliferation - ­resistance of nuclear energy . "
One US concern is how much faith to place in denials of nuclear ambitions while North Korea refuses to get rid of its weapons program .
The US insisted on banning reprocessing in 1972 to frustrate the dream of South Korea 's long - ruling Park Chung - hee that his country would become a nuclear power .
That agreement expires in 2014 , but it 's far from clear if the US and South Korea can resolve their disagreement by then .
Pressure could mount in the South for a deterrent while the North produces ever more fissile material , already estimated at enough for six to a dozen warheads , and conducts more underground tests as it did last May and in 2006 .
" Does the US want to treat us as a criminal ? " asks Kim Tae - woo , vice president of the Korea Institute for Defense Analyses .
" Our concern is not to build a nuclear bomb , but how to dispose of spent fuel rods .
If the US government continues to oppose us , that will hurt our sentiment . "
Reprocessed fuel by any other name ...
Koreans try to allay suspicions .
" We do not want to use the word ' reprocessing , ' " says Choi Jung - bae , director of the nuclear policy division at the Ministry of Science and Technology .
" We prefer to say , ' recycling ' or ' reused . ' "
The difference is more than semantic .
" We do not want to produce pure plutonium , " says Mr. Choi .
" The purpose of recycling is to get only useful elements in spent fuel , " including enriched uranium , in a process called pyroprocessing .
At the Korea Atomic Energy Re­search Institute in Daejeon , about 80 miles south of Seoul , scientists call pyroprocessing " a long - term solution " for recycling spent fuel rods without producing weapons - grade plutonium .
" The point is , pyroprocessing cannot recover plutonium , " says Lee Han - soo , director of nuclear fuel cycle process development .
" It can not compare with normal reprocessing . "
Pyroprocessing , say engineers , will make maximum use of the spent fuel rods while vastly reducing the need for waste storage space .
Lee Kwang - seok , director for strategy and international studies , says pyroprocessing , first developed in the US , is " more economic , more problematic - resistant , and has more safeguard ability " than reprocessing systems in use in Japan and France .
But pyroprocessing remains in research and development .
" We need more than 10 or 20 years , " Mr. Lee says , before it is ready commercially .
In the meantime , Korean engineers ask why South Korea is banned from processing spent fuel rods in the style of the Japanese and French , who do not attempt pyroprocessing .
Lee questions if " the Japanese and French argument " that their systems produce too low a percentage of fissile plutonium - 239 for warheads is " correct . "
Many Koreans see such constraints as an affront that may weaken US - Korean cooperation on military and diplomatic issues .
The rift assumes greater importance as South Korea produces more nuclear energy – and competes as a major producer of reactors .
Also tangling matters is the prospect of running out of storage space .
A rapid reliance on nuclear energy
Complicating this discussion is the rapid expansion of the South 's nuclear energy industry .
The government 's goal is to produce 100 or so reactors in 20 years , including 80 for export in competition with the US , Japan , France , and China .
South Korea 's president , Lee Myung - bak , places top priority on the export of reactors .
KEPCO , the state - invested Korea Electric Power Corp. , has signed a deal to export four 1,400 - megawatt energy reactors to the United Arab Emirates for $ 20 billion and is looking for more such agreements .
Delivery of those reactors is several years off , but South Koreans say they need the US to come to an understanding on recycling for the sake of the export market as well as for burgeoning domestic needs .
KEPCO has overall responsibility , while a single company , Doosan Heavy Industries , is building the reactors in the city of Changwon , near the major southeastern port of Pusan .
Numerous other companies provide parts and expertise .
South Korea is rapidly becoming reliant on nuclear energy – 20 light - water reactors now produce 40 percent of its energy needs , with 10 more due to go on line in a decade .
By 2030 , it will derive 60 percent of its energy from nuclear power .
At stake : US relations , and energy independence
Atop a hill overlooking another complex , this one at the historic site at Kori , where South Korea 's first reactor began producing power in 1978 , Lee Soo-il , a director , points to eight silos near the seafront .
Six of them house nuclear reactors – and two more await installation of reactors .
" We are trying to make our unit cost - competitive , " he says .
" Everything is stored here at this site .
We are trying to figure out ways to deal with reprocessed spent fuel . "
With all the emphasis on building reactors , L. Gordon Flake , director of the Maureen and Mike Mansfield Foundation in Washington , cites the reprocessing tiff as " very dangerous " – possibly " the most important " long - term issue in US - Korea ties .
" The challenge is to put the focus on nuclear responsibility , not nuclear sovereignty , " says Mr. Flake , whose organization is dedicated to better US - Asia relations .
" Cast as a question of national pride and sovereignty , it could be very damaging . "
But at the Korea Atomic Energy Research Institute , physicists were discovered to have enriched tiny amounts of uranium in 2000 without notifying even their own government .
The International Atomic Agency in 2004 scolded South Korea for not having reported the experiments , but concluded they had stopped .
Any new US - South Korean nuclear cooperation agreement , says Evans Revere , president of the Korea Society in New York and a former senior US diplomat here , " will have to be in strict compliance " with the nuclear nonproliferation treaty .
Lee Chung - min , ambassador for international security affairs , says South Korea is building " safeguards into our proposal " and " any reprocessing will be under the full purview of the IAEA . "
He links the issue to the South 's rise as an exporter of reactors .
At stake , he says , " is a matter of energy independence . "
Calling President Barack Obama 's NASA budget " unacceptable , " U.S. Rep. Suzanne Kosmas joined Rep. Bill Posey in demanding a greater commitment for space exploration from the White House .
Kosmas , D - New Smyrna Beach , and Posey , R- Rockledge , spoke Friday at a congressional forum in Cocoa in advance of Obama 's scheduled visit to Florida on Thursday .
With more than 7,000 direct jobs on the line , Florida 's space industry has coalesced with state and federal officials to lobby for continued funding of human spaceflight .
" Since being elected , I have prioritized and focused on finding ways to minimize the human spaceflight gap and protect Space Coast jobs , " the freshman Kosmas said at the forum sponsored by Florida Today .
" As many as 9,000 direct jobs at Kennedy Space Center are at risk due to the impending spaceflight gap .
In addition , every direct NASA job translates into 2.82 jobs created statewide . "
Posey , also a first - term congressman eyeing re-election this year , said the president 's vision is shortsighted in 10 ways :
" It breaks his promise to close the gap and keep America first in space .
It would make the gap eternal .
" It repeats the mistakes of the Apollo program by failing to transition the workforce .
" It does not establish goals , destinations or timetables .
" It does not establish a heavy lift vehicle .
" It relies too heavily on commercial -- placing all our eggs in one basket .
" It is vague and lacks basic details .
" It raises national security concerns .
" It puts Russia in the critical path by outsourcing U.S. space jobs to Russia .
" It makes questionable claims about commercial readiness for launching in 2016 .
" It lacks redundancy for commercial flight . "
" There has been no study on job losses , as required .
The ( administration 's ) decisions are being made in a vacuum , " Posey charged .
While praising the president 's proposed extension of the International Space Station , Kosmas said the administration should not expect to rely solely on commercial flights for access to space and to service and support the ISS .
" I also feel that the proposal lacks a defined vision for exploration beyond Earths orbit with identified destinations , a NASA - led vehicle architecture , and specific timelines for achieving our goals , " Kosmas said .
Kosmas and Posey are co-sponsoring House Resolution 4804 , the " Human Spaceflight Capability Assurance and Protection Act , " which would extend use of the space station through 2020 , allow NASA to continue flying the Space Shuttle , and push to accelerate a next - generation NASA - developed space vehicle .
A companion bill has been introduced by Sen. Kay Bailey Hutchison , R - Texas , in the U.S. Senate .
Our bill takes a critical first step toward closing the ( manned spaceflight ) gap by extending Space Shuttle flights , Posey said .
The Augustine Panel said this was the only way to close the gap from this end and we do that in this bill . "
Florida Republican Reps. John Mica and Adam Putnam have signed onto the bill , as well as Democratic Reps .
Corrine Brown , Kathy Castor , Alan Grayson , Ron Klein and Debbie Wasserman Schultz .
Posey and Wasserman Schultz also are co-sponsoring H.R. 1962 , the " American Space Access Act , " which would expedite the schedule of Orion and Ares 1 rockets .
The Florida delegation is pushing to salvage parts of the Constellation shuttle replacement program and to start a heavy - lift rocket test project at Kennedy Space Center as a way to save jobs .
NASA has announced plans to cancel Constellation and enlist private companies , including SpaceX and Orbital Sciences Corp. , to develop spacecraft to carry astronauts to low - Earth orbit .
President Obama plans to discuss the administration 's agenda Thursday at KSC .
The White House said the president -- who is scheduled to speak at 3 p.m. and depart at 3:45 p.m. -- will focus on " the next steps , the new technologies , new jobs and new industries . "
NASA Administrator Charles Bolden said Obama 's speech would be followed by four panel discussions of invited space experts .
In a prepared statement , the White House defended its NASA budget and its new direction for space ventures :
" After an independent review panel found that the previous program to return astronauts to the moon was fundamentally un-executable , the president included an additional $ 6 billion for NASA in his FY2011 budget over the next five years .
" After years of underinvestment in new technology and unrealistic budgeting , the presidents plan will unveil an ambitious plan for NASA that sets the agency on a reinvigorated path of space exploration . "
Kosmas is n't overly impressed , and she wants more .
Next weeks space summit is a chance for real progress in improving the presidents proposal , but we have a responsibility in Congress to ensure that NASA has a robust human spaceflight program , " she said .
Wary of the administration 's commitment , Florida 's space workers , contractors and politicians are mobilizing .
On Sunday , a " Save Space " community rally will be held at the Cocoa Expo Sports Center .
Speakers will include Kosmas , Posey , U.S. Sen. George LeMieux , Lt. Gov. Jeff Kottkamp and Florida Senate President - designate Mike Haridopolos , R- Merritt Island , and a host of local officials from Brevard County .
County Commissioner Robin Fisher , a Democrat and organizer of the rally , said he is hoping for 5,000 people at Sunday 's event , which starts at 4 p.m .
--
Contact Kenric Ward at kward@sunshinestatenews.com or at ( 772 ) 801-5341 .
Posted on by storagedepotuk
The QNAP TS - 459 Pro Turbo NAS is a great product which mainly aims at businesses .
The dual core processor not only improves the speed of the unit but it should allow the entire system to run more efficiently and quickly .
It offers following Specifications :
CPU : Intel Atom Processor D510 1.66GHz ( Dual - Core )
DRAM : 1GB DDRII RAM
Flash Memory : 512MB DOM
HDD : 2.5 / 3.5 ″ SATA x4
HDD Tray : 4 x Hot - swappable and lockable tray
LAN Port 2 x Gigabit RJ - 45 Ethernet port
LED Indicators : Status , LAN , USB , eSATA , Power , HDD 1 , HDD 2 , HDD 3 , HDD 4
USB : 5 x USB 2.0 port ( Front : 1 ; Back : 4 ) Support USB printer , pen drive , USB hub , and USB UPS etc .
eSATA : 2 x eSATA port ( Back )
Buttons : System : Power button , USB One - Touch - Backup Button , Reset button
LCD panel : Mono -LCD display with backlight
Alarm Buzzer : System warning
Form Factor : Tower
Dimensions : 177 ( H ) x 180 x 235 ( D ) mm / 6.97 ( H ) x 7.09 x 9.25 ( D ) inch
Weight : Net weight : 3.65 kg ( 8.04 lbs )
Gross weight : 4.65 kg ( 10.24 lbs )
Sound Level ( dB ) : w/o HDD installed : 34.7 dB / Stand by : 34.1 dB /
In operation : 36.8 dB ( with 4 x 500 GB HDD installed )
Power Consumption ( W ) : Sleep mode : 19 W
In Operation : 35 W
Power - off ( in WOL mode ) : 1W ( with 4 x 500 GB HDD installed )
Secure Design : K - lock security slot for theft prevention
VGA : Reserved VGA interface for maintenance
Fan : 1 x quiet cooling fan ( 9 cm , 12V DC )
Yes , the price is bit high and if you do consider the cost of hard drives it even gets more costly .
But for business this is not a big deal as it ’s a worthwhile investment in long run .
Get more information about ” QNAP TS - 459 Pro ” at :
http://www.storagedepot.co.uk
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Computer Products , QNAP TS - 459 Pro | Tagged : QNAP TS - 459 , Qnap TS - 459 Pro |
Ars Technica reports that Apple 's new MacBook Pro models released today now support transmission of both audio and video via a single Mini Display Port output .
The news comes following speculation that Apple might be preparing to release a Mini Display Port - to - HDMI adapter of its own after a reference to such an adapter appeared in the tech specs for the new MacBook Pro .
According to the latest report , however , Apple has denied that it is planning its own adapter , meaning that users will need to rely upon third - party solutions .
Apple confirmed to Ars that the just - updated MacBook Pros will pass both video and audio signals to an HDTV or receiver when using an miniDP to HDMI adapter .
Apple sells one such adapter from Griffin online , though alternative from suppliers such as Monoprice are also available .
Apple does n't have any plans at this time to make its own adapter , contrary to earlier speculation .
Mini DisplayPort - to-HDMI adapters have been around for over a year now , and many MacBook Pro users have used them to connect their notebooks to external displays or televisions .
Those users wishing to route audio to the external devices have been required to use a separate cable connected to the computer 's audio line out minijack or a combination HDMI cable supporting Mini DisplayPort for video and USB for audio .
HDMI , a popular connector standard for home theater applications , has been rumored to be included on the next - generation Mac mini .
That report also indicated that Apple had developed its own Mini Display Port - to - HDMI adapter that could handle both audio and video , but today 's statement from Apple suggests that the company has no plans , or does n't wish to reveal plans , to release such a device .
Update : An Apple support document suggests that the company 's latest iMacs also offer this functionality when used with compatible Mini Display Port - to - HDMI adapters .
The admonition offered by legions of mothers — “ Do n’t sit so close to the TV ” — is n’t really an option when it comes to e-reading devices .
You have to get close to the screen to use it .
Emmanuel Dunand / Getty Images
The act of reading is going through a number of radical transitions , but perhaps none is more fundamental than the shift from reading on paper to reading on screens .
As consumers decide whether to make this jump and which technology to use , one key question is how reading on a screen affects the eyes .
First of all : doctors say that reading on a screen wo n’t cause any harm .
“ Most of what our mothers told us about our eyes was wrong , ” said Dr. Travis Meredith , chair of the ophthalmology department at the University of North Carolina , Chapel Hill .
“ Sitting close to a television , or computer screen , is n’t bad for our eyes .
It ’s a variety of other factors that can cause physical fatigue . ”
For example , the ergonomics of reading screens and the lack of blinking when we stare at them play a big role in eye fatigue .
“ The current problem with reading on screens is that we need to adjust our bodies to our computer screens , rather than the screens adjusting to us , ” Dr. Meredith said .
Still , as regular readers of Bits comments know , there is a lively debate among fans of e-readers and paper books about which type of reading experience is most friendly to the eyes .
It turns out the answer is n’t as black - and - white as we might assume .
Doctors and researchers note that in most instances , paper can offer more visual sophistication than a screen .
But certain types of paper , including inexpensive newsprint and the paper in softcover books , can actually provide an inferior reading experience for our eyes than the electronic alternatives .
With e-readers , there are currently numerous display technologies available , from the black - and - white E Ink technology found in Amazon.com ’s Kindle and the Barnes & Noble Nook , to the coming full - color IPS LCD display that will come built into Apple ‘s iPad .
And then there ’s old - fashioned paper .
Does one offer a better reading experience than the others ?
Michael Bove , director of the Consumer Electronics Laboratory at the M.I.T. Media Lab , says different screens make sense for different purposes .
“ It depends on the viewing circumstances , including the software and typography on the screen , ” said Mr. Bove .
“ Right now E Ink is great in sunlight , but in certain situations , a piece of paper can be a better display than E Ink , and in dim light , an LCD display can be better than all of these technologies . ”
Jim Wilson / The New York Times
E Ink has a very low contrast ratio .
Although it can offer an excellent reading experience in bright sunlight , the screens can become uncomfortable to use in dark settings because of the lack of contrast and backlighting on the screen .
LCD screens , meanwhile , have long struggled to offer good viewing angles for reading .
Apple ’s latest IPS LCD screens include extremely wide viewing angles , but the reflective glass on the screen could be a hindrance in brightly lit situations .
Professor Alan Hedge , director of the Human Factors and Ergonomics Laboratory at Cornell University , said that reducing eye fatigue is less a matter of choosing a specific display than of taking short breaks from looking at the screen .
When we read , Dr. Hedge explained , a series of ocular muscles jump around and can cause strain , regardless of whether we are looking at pixels or paper .
“ While you ’re reading , your eyes make about 10,000 movements an hour .
It ’s important to take a step back every 20 minutes and let your eyes rest , ” he said .
Today ’s screens are definitely less tiring to look at than older displays , which refreshed the image much less frequently , causing a flicker .
Carl Taussig , director of Hewlett - Packard ‘s Information Surfaces Lab , said the 120 Hz refresh rate typical of modern screens is much quicker than our eyes can even see .
“ The new LCDs do n’t affect your eyes , ” Mr. Taussig said .
“ Today ’s screens update every eight milliseconds , whereas the human eye is moving at a speed between 10 and 30 milliseconds . ”
Mr. Taussig said consumers will pick the type of screen that makes sense on an individual basis .
“ I do n’t think there is a single technology that will be optimum for all the things we want to do with our devices .
For example , H.P. sells 65 million displays a year , and they are all used in a different way . ”
Along with a built - in music store , Ubuntu 10.04 , the free Linux distribution arriving later this month , will offer a 30 - day trial of cloud - based contact syncing through its Ubuntu One storage service .
It 's a promising peek into nifty features to come .
Advertisement
" Promising " because , at the moment , Ubuntu One contact syncing is a kind of alpha feature that 's being offered as a 30 - day trial , free to users of Ubuntu One 's standard 2 GB of web storage .
It uses Funambol , a background push / sync service often mentioned in the comments around here , and there 's already an Ubuntu - branded iPhone app — though any Funambol client on most any phone can also sync to Ubuntu One , as can phones that support SyncML .
Adventurous Ubuntu users can read the Phone Sync FAQ for help and suggestions .
Advertisement
The contact sync trial will be melded into the Ubuntu 10.04 general release , and syncing of calendars and other data is likely to come down the line .
If Ubuntu can build a platform on which users can sync their contacts , calendars , email , and other data between a Linux desktop and nearly any other platform , they 've probably got a really good hook for wider adoption on their hands .
You 'll need an Ubuntu One account to try out contact syncing , which you can create here .
For a wider look at what Ubuntu 10.04 brings to the desktop game , glimpse our screenshot tour of " Lucid Lynx " .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Ubuntu One : Phones [ via Ars Technica ]
With the announcement of their upcoming " Heroic Age , " Marvel has vowed that after years upon years of Civil Wars , Secret Invasions and Dark Reigns , they 're planning on telling stories of " a brighter Marvel Universe " full of " a renewed sense of hope and optimism . "
This sounds great -- after 20 + years , we 've about had it with the grittiness -- but the question still remains of just what exactly that means .
tweetmeme_url = ' http://comicsalliance.com/2010/02/01/the-kinder-side-of-the-marvel-universe/'; tweetmeme_source = ' ComicsAlliance ' ; digg_url = ' http://digg.com/comics_animation/The_Softer_Side_of_the_Marvel_Universe_PICS';
Could it be that the upcoming " Heroic Age " could be a kinder , gentler Marvel Universe where Spider - Man is driven by his failure to keep Uncle Ben from being sent to a farm down in Florida where he can run around and play all he wants ?
Probably not , but that did n't stop us from imagining what Marvel 's history would 've been like if a things were a little lighter :
( Click through for originals )
Elsewhere on the web :
13 Bizarre Comics & Cartoons [ I Am Bored ]
Hitler vs. iPad [ Gorilla Mask ]
an eye - opening comment
Our programming model does not have to match how our computer works .
I think one of the biggest intellectual hurdles with functional programming is that we know , deep down , that modern computers do n’t work like that .
They do have side - effects and changing , carried state .
It ’s a revelation to realize that the programming model you use to write programs does n’t have to match how the computations will be physically carried out .
- HN user scott_s in response to Ask HN : Functional Programming Differences
this is a concept i’m still coming to terms with .
a few weeks ago , brian carper wrote an article in which he detailed the process he was going through while writing a final - fantasy - style RPG in clojure , from scratch , despite his oft - repeated assertion that he had “ no idea what i’m doing . ” one of the things about his writeup that came pretty close to blowing my mind was the way in which the game world was handled in functional - programming - land .
I ’m sometimes amazed how far I can get before I need mutable state at all .
The vast majority of my functions take a world value ( a plain old hash - map ) as an argument , and return a new world value after making changes to it .
The current state of the world is whatever value is currently in the global WORLD ref .
The render loop grabs a snapshot of the world from the ref on each iteration , and then draws it .
Thanks to Clojure refs , the snapshot of the world is guaranteed to be consistent ( e.g. no NPC objects in the middle of mutating themselves ) and persistent ( the world value sticks around as long as the renderer needs it , even if the WORLD ref is changing in another thread ) .
Once it ’s been drawn , the renderer throws the world snapshot away and it ’s garbage - collected later .
This all happens around 50 - 100 times per second in my game , and there ’s no noticeable lag .
So that ’s a good thing .
wait a second .
he ’s passing the entire game world into most of his functions , and that ’s still cool ?
what the hell ?
i’ve spent most of my past four years at stanford — and , hell , most of my life as a programmer — learning that this is basically the complete opposite of what you ’re ever supposed to do , ever , because on the face of it , it looks like you ’re wasting more resources than a Goddamned Hummer .
i thought it was supposed to be caches all the way down !
are n’t you supposed to cache the game world and just make incremental updates to the parts that change ?
does n’t throwing away a hundred copies a second waste incredible amounts of memory and put holes in the ozone layer ?
but , soft !
Our programming model does not have to match how our computer works .
oh ! hm. right .
the mother of all abstractions .
i have n’t done any functional programming yet , but thanks to brian and scott , i’m making it a resolution to finally learn me a haskell before the year ’s out .
or a clojure , or something .
update :
in the comment thread on proggit , user radarsat1 has a really eloquently put take on the situation :
For the past eight months meals in his household have been healthy remakes of meaty standbys .
“ I make a great avocado Reuben sandwich , a faux meat loaf , roasted butternut squash soup , and lots of pasta , ’’ says Faulkner , whose wife and 8 - year - old daughter have also converted .
Eric Faulkner , a professional in high tech , is baking a batch of vegan cookies in his Lowell loft .
He minces few words to explain why he became a vegan .
“ I ’m scared to death of cancer , ’’ says the lanky 42 - year - old .
After reading “ The China Study ’’ ( Benbella Books ) , which purports that animal protein can accelerate the growth of cancer , diabetes , and heart disease , Faulkner ate his last cheeseburger .
Perhaps the ultimate hegan is Rip Esselstyn , a veteran firefighter and triathlete in Austin , Texas .
He helped the men in his department lower their cholesterol in 28 days by shunning animal protein and then turned his efforts into the best - selling “ The Engine 2 Diet ’’ ( Wellness Central ) .
Though not billed as a vegan diet per se , Esselstyn ’s “ plant - strong ’ ’ lifestyle helps lower cholesterol by going meat- , egg- , and dairy - free , he says .
“ Sure there is a stigma attached to it , that it ’s for yuppie , tree - hugging , emaciated weaklings , ’’ he says .
“ That is far from the truth .
I like to say that real men eat plants . ’’
Three years later , sipping a yerba mate latte at the Sherman Cafe in Union Square , the buff and bright - eyed McCain is the new face of veganism : men in their 40s and 50s embracing a restrictive lifestyle to look better , rectify a gluttonous past , or cheat death .
They are hegans .
They are healthy .
And they are here to stay .
While no one was looking , guys were stepping up to the wheatgrass bar .
Famous hegans include “ Spider - Man ’’ Tobey Maguire and singer Thom Yorke of Radiohead .
Atlanta Falcons tight end Tony Gonzalez was vegan for a few years but now eats seafood and chicken on occasion .
When McCain reached his mid-40s the party ended .
Topping the scales at 257 pounds and bulging out of his clothes , the stout father of three was fat , unhappy , and “ terribly uncomfortable . ’’
On the advice of his childhood friend Brian Rothwell , a yoga instructor and lifelong vegan , McCain cut meat , dairy , eggs , chicken , and fish from his diet and added power vinyasa yoga , which helped him shed 60 pounds in eight months .
“ I feel like a million bucks .
And if anything , I do n’t look like a slob anymore , ’’ says McCain .
SOMERVILLE —
For most of his life Joe McCain subsisted on pepperoni and sausage pizza , steak bomb subs , and anything “ fried , fried , or fried . ’’
In other words , says the Somerville police detective with a shaved head , snowy beard , and tattoos cascading up his arms , chest , and neck , “ I ate like an American . ’’
To stay competitive during rugby games , athlete and writer Jay Atkinson of Methuen substituted soy cheese for the real deal last summer and cut out turkey sandwiches .
“ I needed to extend my career by staying lean , ’’ says Atkinson , 52 .
He was already eating well before he turned to veganism .
Commuting to Boston to teach magazine writing at Boston University or slapping on skates to whiz across a frozen pond , he needs as much fuel as he can get .
The vegan diet delivers .
“ During the week I ’m hustling .
This is the perfect diet .
I could n’t bring a ham with me , ’’ says Atkinson , who tosses protein bars , fruit , and water into a pack before heading out for the day .
Like most hegans , Atkinson , a single father , taught himself to cook .
Spicy black bean chipotle stew and potato and asparagus soup with fresh dill are two of his specialties .
He feels nutritionally satisfied as a vegan , but admits there are some drawbacks .
“ The big thing is learning to cook for variety .
I ’d like to be able to make 30 to 40 meals instead of 10 , ’’ he said .
There are no hard numbers on how many hegans exists .
By nature most men do n’t make their eating habits public .
“ I ’ve never been called one , ’’ said Bob Bouley , owner of the new vegan restaurant , The Pulse Cafe , in Davis Square ( see Cheap Eats review , Page 3 ) .
“ Being a vegan is not something I flaunt , it ’s just something I believe in . ’’
Of the diners who flock to his warm , Caribbean - toned cafe for smoked tofu and portobello maki , a majority are women , Bouley says .
“ Judging from our Facebook page , 65 to 70 percent of our fans are women between the ages of 18 and 35 . ’’
In Newton , the raw vegan restaurant Prana Cafe is poised to become hegan headquarters .
On a rainy evening last month , Fred Bisci , 80 , the well - known lifestyle nutritionist from Staten Island , N.Y. , dined on bountiful greens in the candy - colored cafe that serves smoothies , salads , and vegan wine next to a yoga studio .
In town for a speaking engagement , the limber and chiseled hegan of 40 years , is a walking tribute to eating lean .
“ A lot of people think it ’s radical .
It definitely prolongs your life .
No question about it , ’’ says Bisci .
Taylor Wells , who owns the cafe and yoga enterprise with her hegan husband , Philippe , estimates that 10 to 15 percent of their customers are hegans .
“ We get men who come in who want to cleanse and feel good .
We like to ease them into it .
I think the word vegan gets a bad rap , it sounds very militant and angry , ’’ says Wells .
But hegan could catch on .
“ It makes sense that it would become a new fad .
We are seeing more men in our yoga classes and they come directly into the cafe , ’’ she says .
Despite the proliferation of vegan products on the market and restaurants that cater to this growing vegetarian subset , hegan living is not always harmonious .
There are times , especially in the summer , when McCain will catch a whiff of a neighbor ’s barbecue and his inner carnivore will start to roar .
But the temptation does n’t take over .
“ When you start to feel the way I do and see the results from eating right and working out , it ’s hard to think about changing , ’’ he says .
One thing he would like to change is the misconception that being a vegan means being on a diet .
“ The thing I hear all the time is : ‘ Are you still on that diet ? ’
It ’s the farthest thing from a diet .
I do n’t feel limited at all .
If anything , what I eat has expanded not contracted , ’’ he says .
“ I will never diet ever again . ’’
© Copyright 2010 Globe Newspaper Company .
TheBox is a great TV tracker dedicated to British television shows .
If you are looking for a tracker with lots of UK content you should definitively check this one out .
IRC : [ S : irc .
TheBox.bz | C : # The Box.bz ]
A quick look at the categories and most recent torrents .
The South Los Angeles foster mother under investigation in the fatal beating of a 2 - year - old child had been the subject of five previous child - abuse complaints , including one substantiated allegation that she had severely neglected her own biological child in 2002 , confidential records show .
Kiana Barker ’s troubled history , coming in the wake of disclosures about her live - in boyfriend ’s criminal record , has raised questions about how she could have been approved last year as a foster parent by child - welfare authorities .
Under state rules , both adults should have been disqualified from caring for or living with foster children .
Barker ’s home was supposed to have been a refuge for Viola Vanclief , born in 2007 to a schizophrenic mother who proved dangerously neglectful when off her medications .
Instead , confidential child - welfare records reviewed by The Times show , Viola was moved from one high - risk home to another .
After Viola ’s March 4 death , Barker told investigators that the toddler had been trapped in a bed frame and that she accidentally struck the child with a hammer while trying to free her , according to coroner ’s records .
Viola had multiple bruises on her body , the records say .
The death was deemed a homicide caused by blunt - force trauma .
Advertisement
Barker and James Julian were arrested on suspicion of murder , then released after prosecutors sent the case back to the police and coroner for further investigation .
Neither Barker nor Julian could be reached for comment .
Two weeks after Viola ’s death , child - welfare officials still are unable to say why Barker ’s past had not ruled her out as a foster parent .
“ I ’m still in the information - gathering phase , ” said Trish Ploehn , Los Angeles County Department of Children and Family Services director .
“ I ’m still pulling the state regs to determine who was responsible to assess the history and who was responsible to follow up following the subsequent hotline calls .
It ’s a complicated and complex analysis . ”
Advertisement
Jeff Hiratsuka , head of the state Community Care Licensing Division , which is responsible for licensing foster parents , was unable to explain why the 2002 substantiated - neglect probe did not lead his workers to disqualify Barker when she applied in 2005 for a child - care license and in 2009 for foster - care certification .
Hiratsuka said it was unclear whether Barker ’s history had not been reported to the state database by county workers , or if it had been reported and overlooked by his staff .
“ We need to gather more information , ” said Lizelda Lopez , a spokeswoman for the state agency .
Reached Wednesday , Viola ’s sister , 23 - year - old Sonja Vanclief of Columbus , Ohio , said the family regretted that Viola had ever been taken away from her mother , Olivia .
“ These people should go and do whatever time , ” she said , referring to Barker and Julian .
“ Viola was a baby and she was defenseless , and they were supposed to protect her . ”
Advertisement
As for the county , “ they are sloppy , ” said Sonja Vanclief , who was herself placed in foster care as a child .
Viola first came to the attention of Ploehn ’s department shortly after her birth when child - welfare investigators determined that her schizophrenic mother was not taking her medication , according to the records .
Viola was briefly removed from the biological mother ’s care and then , as is common practice , reunified with her as the county tried to help the woman care for her infant .
But seven months later , the investigators determined that the mother was still not taking her medication , was using cocaine and had violently attacked another person .
The county initiated court proceedings to terminate the mother ’s parental rights , the records show .
The infant was later placed with Barker , 30 , who has two children of her own .
It is unclear whether county social workers at that time were aware of the five previous complaints against Barker .
Advertisement
The records show , however , that county Children and Family Services investigators substantiated the severe neglect charge in 2002 -- a finding that should have placed Barker on the California attorney general ’s database consulted by employers and regulators to vet foster parents and other child - care providers .
Details of the 2002 case and others were not contained in the records reviewed by The Times .
Over subsequent years , callers continued to report abuse or neglect by Barker but social workers were unable to substantiate the complaints , the records show .
In 2005 , someone accused Barker of emotionally abusing a child and investigators deemed the allegation unfounded .
In July 2008 , a caller alleged neglect of two foster children -- a charge deemed inconclusive .
One month later , Barker was accused of general neglect and sexual abuse of foster children .
Investigators determined the neglect charge to be inconclusive and the sexual - abuse charge unfounded .
Three months later , investigators concluded another complaint of sexual abuse of a foster child was unfounded .
Under state rules , the inconclusive cases should have beenentered into the state database and might have precluded a state license .
Advertisement
In addition , the records show , Barker ’s boyfriend went undetected in Barker ’s home over the course of the couple ’s three - year relationship .
Julian , who is known as “ Big Bird , ” is also under investigation in Viola ’s death , and was convicted in 1992 of armed robbery -- a fact that should have disqualified him from living in a home certified for foster care .
When Barker applied to become a foster parent , state regulators apparently did not discover his presence -- despite the three 2008 child - abuse investigations that should have documented everyone living in the home , the records show .
The foster care agency that Barker worked for , United Care Inc. , also had a record of problems .
The agency , which contracts with the county and oversees 88 homes with 216 foster children , repeatedly has been cited in recent years after caregivers choked , hit and whipped their charges with a belt .
In 2007 , a foster child under the agency ’s care drowned while swimming unsupervised in a pool .
Viola ’s death comes as Ploehn ’s department is facing scrutiny in the deaths of more than 30 children who passed through the county ’s child - welfare system over the last two years .
All but two cases have involved children killed while in the custody of their own parents .
Advertisement
A series of reforms has been initiated by Ploehn and the county Board of Supervisors , but Viola ’s death indicates that communication among key personnel remains a serious problem .
It also shows that the L.A. County system sometimes affords abused children no good alternatives .
“ The options are few and they are not well - researched or investigated , and we are not getting the right people to care for these children , ” said Jorja Leap , a child - welfare expert at UCLA .
“ My 16 - year - old daughter was subjected to more scrutiny to obtain her driver ’s license than this woman underwent to become a foster parent . ”
garrett.therolf@latimes.com
Advertisement
Times staff researchers Kent Coloma and Scott Wilson contributed to this report .
The man habitually carried a compass to find the sun on cloudy days ; toilet paper to diffuse the light of his flashbulbs ; and a machete to deal with unsightly vegetation — and heaven knows what else — that got in his way .
But A. Aubrey Bodine once said his favorite tool was his alarm clock .
To take advantage of morning light , the Maryland photographer often rose before dawn and set out for the Baltimore waterfront , where the big freighters might be ferrying sugar , bananas or , as on the day Longshoremen was shot in 1955 at the B&O railroad pier , rubber .
“ He ’d go down there in the middle of the night sometimes , with thousands of dollars of camera equipment , ” his daughter Jennifer recalls .
“ It was a violent , filthy , terrifying place . ”
But Longshoremen belies the port ’s industrial ugliness .
With spotlight - like sunshine , it is as elegant as a theater set , the draped cargo net adding the nautical touch that Bodine loved .
The image ran in the Sunday Baltimore Sun , where Bodine , a staff photographer , published almost all his work ; it also won prizes in competitions around the world , particularly in the Eastern bloc .
Politically , Bodine stood somewhere “ to the right of Ivan the Terrible , ” according to his editor and biographer , the late Harold Williams , but he shared the communists ’ reverence for the worker .
Farmers driving yokes of oxen , grimy miners and , especially , dockworkers and watermen — Bodine shot them all .
He was an indefatigable laborer himself , taking nearly 50,000 photographs before his death , at age 64 , in 1970 .
In an era when newspaper photos were usually uncredited , Bodine demanded a byline , and before long it was known throughout the state and beyond .
Yet he remained secretive about the initial “ A . ” It stood for Aldine .
He started at the Sun as a 14 - year - old messenger boy in 1920 .
He caught a break in 1924 , when one of the paper ’s commercial photographers was scorched in a flash - powder explosion .
Even without volatile equipment , photography was a risky enterprise ; Bodine loved shooting the Chesapeake Bay , but he could n’t swim and was forever clinging to the masts of oyster boats , saddled with a large - format camera as heavy as a millstone .
Yet he practiced his craft relentlessly , accepting newspaper assignments not only on his wedding morning but on his honeymoon as well .
He began shooting primarily for the Sun ’s Sunday photography section in 1927 and its Sunday magazine in 1946 .
According to even his closest friends , he was not a sociable man .
“ I do not cover fires or anyone bitten by a dog , ” he once declared , apparently oblivious to the feelings of newsroom colleagues who did .
One of them remarked that had Bodine drowned on one of his water shoots , his “ body would have floated upstream . ”
Yet he was admired .
“ He had it all figured out , ” says Walter McCardell , who joined the Sun ’s photography staff in 1945 .
“ He learned what time the sun rose .
I think he knew the tides . ”
McCardell once tagged along with him on a predawn shoot , “ but Bodine did n’t like how the sun was coming up . ”
After the sun misbehaved for two more mornings , McCardell elected to stay in bed .
Bodine preferred idyllic scenes .
He was a pictorialist , part of a photographic movement dating from the late 1800s that favors a painterly aesthetic .
Pictorialists freely manipulate their subjects ;
Bodine thought nothing of removing eyesores , adding props and posing people — including the dockworkers in Longshoremen , according to Kathleen Ewing , author of A. Aubrey Bodine : Baltimore Pictorialist .
If he still was n’t satisfied , the darkroom offered myriad remedies .
He was adept at dubbing in sea gulls or brightening the whitecaps on waves .
He kept a fishing tackle box full of cloud negatives for enlivening lackluster skies .
Some of his practices would be firing offenses at newspapers today , but they were a more acceptable part of feature photography then .
At home , Bodine — which is what even his daughter Jennifer calls him — covered the dining room table with his fresh prints , so the family frequently ate in the kitchen .
Gold toner filled the bathtub ; the Bodines bathed next door .
He was out on assignment throughout Jennifer ’s childhood , or so it seemed .
When he was home , she prayed he would n’t be the one to drive her to a birthday party — too often he would spot a picture on the way and pull the car over , delivering her , pouting in patent leather and crinoline , hours late .
Health problems , including diabetes and hypertension , shadowed Bodine ’s later years , but he was undeterred .
During one hospital stay , Williams writes , a night watchman discovered him on the roof in his bathrobe , shooting Baltimore ’s moonlit skyline .
During another , Bodine was found in the lobby , where some of his photographs were displayed .
He set about autographing each one until a nurse telephoned the psychiatric ward .
“ I think one of your patients is down here , ” she said , “ pretending he ’s Aubrey Bodine . ”
On the last day of his life he went out to photograph a church spire , another favorite subject , but returned to the office empty - handed , telling editors that the light had “ conked out ” on him .
He then retreated to the darkroom , where he collapsed .
He died of a massive stroke .
Jennifer — who named her only child , a girl , Bodine — now spends her time cataloging her father ’s endless prints : the record of where he was all those years .
Abigail Tucker is the magazine ’s staff writer .
Palanquero is at the heart of a ten - year , renewable military agreement signed between the United States and Colombia on October 30 , 2009 , which gives Washington access to seven military bases in the country .
Though officials from the U.S. and Colombian governments contend the agreement is aimed at fighting narcotraffickers and guerrillas within Colombian borders , a U.S. Air Force document states the deal offers a “ unique opportunity ” for “ conducting full spectrum operations ” in the region against various threats , including “ anti-U.S. governments . ”
The Pentagon sought access to the bases in Colombia after Ecuadorian President Rafael Correa canceled the lease for the U.S. military base in Manta , Ecuador .
The U.S. capability in Colombia will now be greater than at Manta , which worries human rights advocates in Colombia and left - leaning governments throughout the region .
“ The main purpose of expanding these bases is to take strategic control of Latin America , ” opposition senator Jorge Enrique Robledo of the Polo Democrático Alternativo told me over the phone from Bogotá .
Every president in South America outside of Colombia is against the bases agreement , with Hugo Chávez of neighboring Venezuela being the most critical .
Chávez said that by signing the deal the United States was blowing “ winds of war ” over the region , and that the bases were “ a threat against us . ”
“ Colombia decided to hand over its sovereignty to the United States , ” said Chávez in a televised meeting with government ministers .
“ Colombia today is no longer a sovereign country .
. . .
It is a kind of colony . ”
The Venezuelan president responded by deploying troops to the border in what has become an increasingly tense battle of words and flexing of military muscle .
Correa in neighboring Ecuador said the new bases agreement “ constitutes a grave danger for peace in Latin America . ”
Colombian President Alvaró Uribe dismissed critics and said the increased U.S. collaboration was necessary to curtail violence in the country .
Uribe told The Washington Post , “ We are not talking about a political game ; we are talking about a threat that has spilled blood in Colombian society . ”
But plans for the expansion of the bases show that the intent is to prepare for war and intimidate the region , likely spilling more blood in the process .
The Palanquero base , the largest of the seven in the agreement , will be expanding with $ 46 million in U.S. taxpayers ’ money .
Palanquero is already big enough to house 100 planes , and its 10,000 - foot runway allows three planes to take off at once .
It can accommodate enormous C - 17 planes , which can carry large numbers of troops for distances that span the hemisphere without needing to refuel .
The intent of the base , according to U.S. Air Force documents , “ is to leverage existing infrastructure to the maximum extent possible , improve the U.S. ability to respond rapidly to crisis , and assure regional access and presence at minimum cost .
. . .
Palanquero will provide joint use capability to the U.S. Army , Air Force , Marines , and U.S. Interagency aircraft and personnel . ”
The United States and Colombia may also see the bases as a way to cultivate ties with other militaries .
“ The bases will be used to strengthen the military training of soldiers from other countries , ” says John Lindsay - Poland , the co-director of the Fellowship of Reconciliation Task Force on Latin America and the Caribbean Program .
“ There is already third - country training in Colombia , and what the Colombia government says now is that this agreement will strengthen that . ”
“ This deal is a threat to the new governments that have emerged , ” says Enrique Daza , the director of the Hemispheric Social Alliance , currently based in Bogotá .
These new governments are “ demanding sovereignty , autonomy , and independence in the region , and this bases agreement collides directly ” with that , he says .
The Obama Administration , with the new agreement , is further collaborating with the Colombian military in spite of that institution ’s grave human rights abuses in recent years .
In a July 2009 letter to Secretary of State Hillary Clinton , Senators Patrick Leahy and Christopher Dodd wrote : “ What are the implications of further deepening our relationship with the Colombian military at a time of growing revelations about the widespread falsos positivos ( “ false positives ” ) scandal , in which the Colombian military recruited many hundreds ( some estimates are as high as 1,600 ) of boys and young men for jobs in the countryside that did not exist and then summarily executed them to earn bonuses and vacation days ? ”
The military base agreement needs to be understood in the context of two other U.S. initiatives in Colombia .
First , Plan Colombia , which began under President Clinton , committed billions of dollars ostensibly to fight the war on drugs but also to fighting the guerrillas , intensifying the country ’s already brutal conflict in rural areas .
This has led to increasing displacement of people from areas that are strategically important for mining multinationals .
Second , the U.S. - Colombia free trade agreement , which was signed in 2006 , could pry open the country to more U.S. corporate exploitation .
But it has been met with opposition in the United States , delaying its ratification .
Daza says the signing of the bases deal is part of “ a military strategy that complements the push for the free trade agreement . ”
The trade accord will serve “ transnational corporate investments , ” and these investments , he says , “ are sustained by a military relationship . ”
Opposition to the military bases agreement is vocal in Colombia .
In a column written in July 2009 , Senator Robledo denounced it , saying , “ There is no law that allows bases of this type in Colombia . ”
One struggle , Robledo said , is on the legal and political front .
The other is among social movements in Colombia and beyond .
“ It is important to organize a type of democratic citizens ’ movement , a national campaign against these foreign bases , as well as a continental social alliance that promotes the denunciation of this agreement , ” he says .
Daza is working with Mingas , a cross - border solidarity organization consisting of activists in Colombia , Canada , and the United States .
Mingas wrote a letter to Obama , condemning the President ’s decision to go forward with the deal on the bases .
“ At the Summit of the Americas in April 2009 you promised to foster a ‘ new sense of partnership ’ between the United States and the rest of the Western Hemisphere , ” the letter states .
“ But your Administration has yet to address the grave concerns expressed by national leaders throughout Central and South America and the Caribbean regarding the U.S. - Colombia military base agreement . ”
By signing this bases agreement , and by equivocating over the coup in Honduras , Obama has sent ominous signals to Latin America .
“ Obama has not renounced the policies of Bush , ” Robledo says .
“ Speaking in economic and military terms , on the fundamental issues , the similarities between Bush and Obama are bigger than the differences .
Obama has not produced a change . ”
Benjamin Dangl is the author of “ The Price of Fire : Resource Wars and Social Movements in Bolivia , ” the forthcoming “ Dancing with Dynamite : Social Movements and States in Latin America , ” and the editor of Toward Freedom and Upside Down World .
While the country was embroiled in a national debate over excessive government surveillance in 1974 , President Gerald Ford authorized the Federal Bureau of Investigation to conduct warrantless domestic surveillance , according to a classified memo recently obtained by the Center for Investigative Reporting .
The memo , signed Dec. 19 , 1974 , was issued just one month before the Senate established an 11 - member panel , known as the Church Committee , to investigate government surveillance programs .
The Church Committee would ultimately uncover other unconstitutional spying activities , such as that conducted by the National Security Agency under the rubric of Operation Shamrock .
Two days after the memo was signed , investigative reporter Seymour Hersh , writing in The New York Times , disclosed a covert government spying program that focused on monitoring political activists in the U.S .
Ford became president after Richard Nixon 's resignation in the wake of the Watergate spying scandal , and he later supported passage of the pro-privacy Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act of 1978 , which placed restrictions on wiretapping and required law enforcement to obtain permission from a special court to conduct domestic intelligence surveillance .
But according to the recently released top - secret memo , just two years earlier , Ford had secretly authorized Attorney General William B. Saxbe " to approve , without prior judicial warrants , specific electronic surveillance within the United States which may be requested by the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation . "
Ford wrote in the memo to Saxbe that he had " been advised by you [ Saxbe ] and by the Department of State that such surveillance is consistent with the Constitution , laws and treaties of the United States . "
" This could be Bush after 9/11 or Obama after becoming president , but it 's President Ford 35 years ago , coping with Cold War struggles , " John Laprise , a visiting assistant professor at Northwestern University , told the center .
" It 's really a stunning document that raises all sorts of questions . "
Ford 's order authorized surveillance for foreign intelligence and counterintelligence purposes , and would have involved spying on Americans or foreigners in the U. S. who were suspected of spying for foreign countries or foreign - based political groups .
The open - ended surveillance authority could only be revoked by Ford or by order of a future president .
It 's not known to what extent the surveillance might have involved U.S. citizens or whether there was a specific incident or investigation that prompted the memo .
In the memo , Ford writes that he " carefully reviewed the issues raised in your request for confirmation of authority and delegation with respect to warrantless electronic surveillance within the United States . "
The surveillance had to be in service of several objectives – to protect the United States against attacks by a foreign power , to obtain foreign intelligence that was deemed to be essential to national security , or to obtain information that the secretary of state or the national security adviser deemed necessary to foreign affairs .
Ford wrote that the warrantless surveillance would only be authorized with the personal approval of the attorney general " upon submission of a written request by the director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation providing complete justification for the conduct of such surveillance , including identification of the agency and presidential appointee initiating the request " and that only " the minimum physical intrusion necessary to obtain the information sought will be used . "
The National Archives obtained the memo , which it shared with the Center for Investigative Reporting , based in California .
A previous , slightly redacted version of the memo was released in 2006 .
A federal judge ruled last week that the George W. Bush administration violated the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act when the NSA eavesdropped on the telephone conversations of two American lawyers who represented a now - defunct Saudi charity .
Image : NASA / Kim Shiflett
QR Code Link to This Post
The ethnic girlfriend .
Yes , you 've got the look down but , as we ALL know , nothing 's complete without accessories .
You without a ethnic girlfriend is like a messenger bag without thousands of buttons proclaiming your political leanings and your extensive knowledge of music .
Well luckily for you , here I am .
Your very own , personal , cute , non-threatening , little Asian .
What better way to piss off your wealthy blue - blood Greenwich - Hamptons family , without pushing the line , than to date a shy , quiet , non-threatening Asian chick ?
Yellow 's close enough to white , anyway .
After all , you would n't want your parents to cut you off from your monthly allowance - you might have to get a job and give up your dreams of being a rock star .
Anyway , you majored in English and Music at NYU , and teaching 's not really your thing .
Also , you really need somebody to drape your arm around after your show , to hand you a beer as soon as you come off stage and to tell you just how good you were .
You were SO good .
Yes , someone who will complement your style without overshadowing you .
Want to coordinate outfits ?
I 've got a vintage crocheted minidress that would look so good with your tweed jacket .
I can be anything you want , baby .
Want me to wear only black and white , sneer and blow smoke into people 's eyes ?
I can do that .
Want me to dress like I smoked a bowl of ice and then hitched a ride with Marty McFly in the Delorean ?
I got you covered .
Want me to impress your snotty friends with my extensive vocabulary and vast knowledge of International Relations ?
I 'll read - up on my current events just for you , even though I hide copies of Star magazine in my copy of the Voice .
After all , I did go to an elite boarding school and then art - school , where I majored in graphic design .
If I had n't , would I be the well - dressed , cooler - than - thou hipster I am today ?
Also , I 'm stick - thin , fashionably bisexual and smoke bidis .
I am publicly a socialist but am secretly a rampant materialist .
Do you think I actually go to Sal - Val for these ironic shirts ?
Please .
I shop exclusively at Andy's Cheepee 's , Cheapjack 's and Screaming Mimi's .
So what if I have to pay the finder 's fee ?
It 's not like I do n't have a trust - fund , anyway .
I just wait tables at the vegan restaurant to look like I 'm slumming it .
I do n't actually need the money .
So .
You need to have me hanging like a wristband off your lanky arm and you know it .
Please , bassists and drummers only - and send a picture .
I only pretend I 'm not shallow .
this is in or around Probably the L train
Papi : Uno Scandalo Politico ( Papi : A Political Scandal ) by Peter Gomez , Marco Lillo , and Marco Travaglio Milan : Chiarelettere , 331 pp. , P15.00 ( paper ) Il Regalo di Berlusconi ( The Gift of Berlusconi ) by Peter Gomez and Antonella Mascali Milan : Chiarelettere , 339 pp. , P15.00 ( paper ) Gradisca , Presidente : Tutta la verità della escort più famosa al mondo ( At Your Pleasure , Mr. President : The Whole Truth About the Most Famous Escort in the World ) by Patrizia D'Addario , with Maddalena Tulanti Reggio Emilia : Aliberti , 237 pp. , P17.90 Guzzanti vs Berlusconi by Paolo Guzzanti Reggio Emilia : Aliberti , 573 pp. , P19.90 Videocracy a film directed by Erik Gandini
In the past year , Italy ’s political life has come to resemble some strange cross between a Mexican soap opera and Suetonius ’ description of the imperial excesses of the Caesars .
First there were the revelations of Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi ’s peculiar relationship with Noemi Letizia , a teenage girl from Naples who called him “ Papi , ” prompting speculation about whether she was his illegitimate daughter or an underage lover .
“ I wish she was his daughter ! ” Berlusconi ’s wife , Veronica Lario , commented ; she asked publicly for a divorce , saying that she could no longer stay with a man who “ frequented minors ” and “ was not well . ”
Next there were the photographs of the bacchanalia with topless girls and pantless politicians at Berlusconi ’s pleasure palace villa in Sardinia , recalling images of Tiberius at Capri .
Finally , there was the case of the call girls attending Berlusconi ’s parties at the presidential palace in Rome , many of them paid by a Southern Italian businessman interested in winning government contracts for his health care business .
Berlusconi ’s bizarre behavior kept spilling over into international relations , leading to numerous embarrassing episodes .
Seemingly jealous of Barack Obama ’s star power , he referred to the newly elected US president as “ tall , handsome , and suntanned , ” and then , in explaining why he would not attend Obama ’s inauguration , he said that he was a star , “ not an extra . ”
After meeting Michelle Obama , he remarked that she , too , was suntanned .
At the same time , as if in the third ring of the circus , there were Berlusconi ’s continuing legal troubles , a sixteen - year saga that has left a long trail of evidence of corruption , bribery , and contacts with organized crime .
Last October , Italy ’s highest court rejected a law that Berlusconi had passed granting himself immunity from all prosecution while he is in office .
This meant he was again a defendant in a case in which his former British attorney , David Mills , had already been convicted of taking a $ 600,000 bribe from Berlusconi ’s company to keep his name out of a series of other corruption investigations .
Berlusconi ’s critics called on him to resign and , using the Internet , organized a mass protest in Rome on December 5 called “ No Berlusconi Day , ” which , despite the notable absence of Italy ’s main opposition party , drew an estimated 350,000 Italians .
Berlusconi proclaimed , with typical exaggeration , that Italy was on the point of civil war .
And just when everyone thought it could n’t get weirder , on December 13 a man with a history of mental illness struck him in the face with a stone replica of the Milan cathedral during a political rally in the city , breaking his nose and two teeth .
Within hours , his political associates — Maurizio Gasparri and Fabrizio Cicchitto , leaders of Berlusconi ’s coalition in the Italian Senate and Chamber of Deputies — mounted a ferocious offensive , insisting that while the prime minister ’s attacker may have been a mentally disturbed …
The Idea
Impress upon the world your ability to progress ; both in the quality and the quantity of your writing .
Gary McKinnon 's mum is standing for Parliament against Jack Straw in the UK 's upcoming general election .
Straw holds an 8,000 majority in his Blackburn constituency , which Labour has held since the 1950s .
Sharp , standing as an independent candidate , is realistic enough to know she can't win but is nonetheless running because " it 's important to stand against erosion of civil liberties " .
Sharp cites the Justice Secretary 's backing for trial without jury and his support for the extradition of her son to the US on hacking charges in her campaign .
Sharp also criticised Straw for opposing the extradition of former Chilian dictator Augusto Pinochet while supporting extradition without evidence in more recent cases , such as her son's .
Straw was foreign secretary at the time of negotiations with the US that resulted in the controversial Extradition Act in 2003 , under which McKinnon 's case has been processed .
McKinnon , who was first arrested in 2002 , has been fighting extradition since 2005 .
" The fact that the Gary McKinnon extradition case has exceeded the lifetime of this current Parliament , is a scandal which belies any promises of swift or fair justice , made by this Labour government , " the Free Gary support blog notes in a post on Sharp 's run at Parliament .
A BBC interview with Sharp explaining her stand in greater depth can be found here .
Sharp , who lives in Hertfordshire , told The Register that she has a number of ties to the Blackburn area .
" My sister lives in Manchester , " she said .
" A best friend musician James Litherland is from there .
My aunt lived there for most of her life and ran a limousine hire company . "
McKinnon faces the latest in a long series of court hearings on 25 and 26 May , three weeks after the general election .
The next two months promise to be extremely busy and stressful for Sharp , a point she readily acknowledges .
" It 's something I feel I have to do .
If we do n't stand up we all might wake up in a Nazi style police state , " she said . ®
The election of a far - right British National party councillor in the Isle of Dogs in September 1993 still stands as the most graphic justification of what the liberal urban elite has come to hold as an article of faith : that many of the white working - class inhabitants of " cockney " east London are socially regressive and profoundly , irredeemably xenophobic .
That simmering racial tension between the white working class and the large Bangladeshi community in Tower Hamlets has existed for more than 30 years is indisputable .
But while conventional liberal opinion has tended to attribute its causes solely to white racism , the truth is far more complex .
The story of racial conflict in the East End is part economic , part political , part historical .
But what is most striking is the sense in which it is the direct , if unintended , consequence of well - meaning welfare policy - particularly in the area of social housing allocation .
Our analysis of the public housing battle in Tower Hamlets , and the way in which it crystalised feelings of political betrayal and exclusion in the white community , is in some ways a piece of local research ; but the findings inform the debate about social cohesion elsewhere .
For the past 12 years , we have carried out well over 1,000 interviews with people of all races living in Tower Hamlets .
Our aim was to uncover the new East End ; to find out what had happened to the white , extended Bethnal Green families whose intricate and overlapping networks of relationships and support had been recorded in Michael Young and Peter Wilmott 's 1957 book , Family & Kinship in East London .
We knew much had changed .
The City of London had arrived in Tower Hamlets in the form of Canary Wharf and other glittering new office blocks .
Prosperous professionals had come to inhabit the expensive apartments in the restored warehouses lining the Thames , and there was now a large and youthful Bangladeshi community , amounting to more than a third of the borough 's population in 2001 .
We were not surprised to discover that the extended family support found in Bangladeshi families was very like that found in the white Bethnal Green families of the 1950s .
They shared many of the same vulnerabilities : very low incomes , job insecurity , ill health .
What was especially remarkable was the level of resentment our white interviewees had towards these families , who seemed to have so much in common with the families of the past .
All ethnic groups we spoke to revealed at least some hostility to others .
But of the white respondents , a majority expressed a sometimes bitterly negative attitude towards foreign immigrants , particularly Bangladeshis .
There was hostility to real and imagined Bangladeshi customs and personal habits , alleged insularity or un-neighbourly behaviour .
But by far the largest number of complaints arose in relation to Bangladeshi claims on the welfare state , their rights and entitlements .
Many of these complaints were implausible or involved serious ignorance of how welfare procedures operated ; but others were based on a real sense of injustice over the way the allocation of social housing appeared to be slanted preferentially to Bangladeshi needs .
By the early 80s , white and Bangladeshi communities had opposed interests over housing .
Both groups felt badly treated .
The housing shortage was exacerbated by a right - to - buy policy without a replacement building programme .
Bangladeshi families were overcrowded , and many felt that the promises made under the official allocation system were not honoured .
Whites , meanwhile , felt that the system of prioritising housing allocation - once predicated on a waiting list that gave weight to applicants with local and community connections but which now privileged the most " needy " - unduly favoured Bangladeshi families .
Certainly , the sovereign principle of housing allocation from the 70s onwards - that vacancies in public housing should be allocated to those in greatest need - carries moral force .
But in a place with such pressure on housing , it also had the effect of breaking up long - established East End family and community links .
One interviewee , Mavis Browning , told us that when she tried to get a flat locally for her daughter , to avoid her having to leave the area , she was advised by officials that the best thing to do would be to turn her out and make her homeless .
" The community is n't as close as it used to be , " she reflected .
" It has broken down .
Our children have to move out because there are no flats for them . "
Her comments were echoed by others , who found council actions hostile to family life .
" I would lay part of the blame for family break - up on council housing , " said one respondent .
" Children used to live with the parents even after they got married .
Now that is not accepted .
The parents get left in inner London , while the children have to go out to Essex , and vote Tory . "
It is significant that , of all our interviewees , it was typically the granny , the East End " mum " with a busy extended family revolving around her , who turned out to be most hostile to Bangladeshis .
It made sense insofar as it is " mum 's " life that is diminished if her offspring have moved , or will be forced to move , out of the area .
Anti-racist card
The system has tended to treat with scorn Bethnal Greeners ' " irrational " attachment to their locality .
Arguably , there has been an " anti-racist card " played against the white working class .
The response of planners to white anxieties around housing has been to dismiss the idea of locality , and to expect people to exercise their housing entitlements elsewhere if necessary .
When local white residents have objected , their assertions of local commitment have been made to look unreasonable by the suggestion that what they are objecting to really is that the Bangladeshis competing with them are not white .
The hostility of white working - class Bethnal Greeners to Bangladeshis is fundamentally tied up with local history , particularly that of the second world war and its impact on the expectations of the white community .
This came up time after time in our interviews .
The East End dockers , with the sacrifices they made in the bombing raids of the Blitz , were seen as national saviours .
From where they were standing , the benefits of the welfare state were a reward for their effort during the war - a reward they had earned for themselves and their ilk , rather than been given as yet more Victorian - era " charity " .
It is , therefore , the family elders above all who remember with bitterness those promises about rebuilding the East End for future generations to enjoy .
It may be the memory of broken pledges that moulds the shape of contemporary hostility more than personal pathologies .
While white subjects often accused Bangladeshis of playing the welfare system , there was also a widespread feeling that the system itself , rather than the players , was mainly at fault ; that the system was biased towards meeting Bangladeshi needs and that they could leapfrog whites to the front of the queue .
There was also a more general dismay at the way that British society appears to be changing .
The evolution of the welfare state had turned it from a mutual aid society writ large into a complex , centralised and bureaucratic system , run by middle - class do - gooders , " those big - hearted ones who 've got their own big houses and make these rules " , as one interviewee put it .
The system , it was felt , gave generously to those who put nothing into the pot , while making ordinary working people who did contribute feel like recipients of charity when drawing their entitlements .
Interestingly , few respondents saw the immigrants themselves as being at fault .
Few whites , for example , deny that Bangladeshi families endure greater real poverty than themselves .
A number who strongly resented the present welfare system were nevertheless friendly with Bangladeshi neighbours .
What they object to is the way this need is allowed to over - ride rights and claims arising out of an earlier , more directly exchange - based welfare state ethic .
Respondents hostile to immigrants were no less condemning of white people who they considered to be living off the system .
For if what one gets out of the state is determined solely by need , rather than what one has put into it , then a little dignity has been taken out of citizenship .
Dependency is encouraged , the principle of reciprocity has gone , and welfare has simply become a new form of charity .
Such a decline of the old working class is no triumph for the Bangladeshis .
They are aware that it has not made their lives easier , not least because of the hostility to which they are consequently exposed .
As the long - term underdogs in day - to - day life , the system has tended to support Bangladeshi interests in local conflicts over resources , but such backing cannot be relied upon in the long term .
The British welfare system is sympathetic to new and needy groups .
But as the groups settle in , and some of their members become incorporated into the ruling class , the solicitude of the elite is liable to move on to more vulnerable groups .
Political instability
This augurs badly for political stability .
Preoccupation with the most vulnerable means that parts of all incoming groups , along with the downgraded members of the national majority , will feel that their length of residence in the country does not seem to give them a durable stake in it .
This represents a threat to social democracy .
The alienation of parts of the white working class from local and national government that is evident in the East End could happen in urban Britain more generally .
The government has rightly declared a commitment to promoting social cohesion .
But some of this has meant that by , understandably , attacking racism more vigorously , there is a failure to carry some parts of the white community with them , thus perpetuating the cycle of resentment .
People like our white interviewees have a perception that nothing is being done for them and plenty - too much , even - is being done for others .
This amounts to the unanticipated consequence of well - intentioned welfare policy .
So , for example , supporting equal opportunities schemes to address racial discrimination and helping newcomers to access their rights is not enough on its own .
It must go hand in hand with addressing the exclusion , poverty and hostility faced by poor white communities .
· Geoff Dench is a professor of sociology at Middlesex University and a fellow at the Young Foundation .
Kate Gavron is a fellow at the Young Foundation and a vice - chair of the Runnymede Trust .
This article is adapted from the authors ' book , The New East End - Kinship , Race and Conflict , co-authored with the late Lord ( Michael ) Young , and published next week by Profile Books , RRP £ 15.99 .
To order a copy for £ 14 with free UK p&p go to theguardian.com / bookshop or call 0870 836 0875 .
( CNN ) -- A New Jersey teachers union is coming under fire after an internal memo included a veiled threat to Gov. Chris Christie .
The leaked memo , which was sent to union leaders in the New Jersey Education Association 's Bergen County division , contains a closing paragraph written in the form of a prayer .
" Dear Lord , " the letter reads .
" This year you have taken away my favorite actor , Patrick Swayze , my favorite actress , Farrah Fawcett , my favorite singer , Michael Jackson , and my favorite salesman , Billy Mays .
I just wanted to let you know that Chris Christie is my favorite governor . "
Bergen County Education Association President Joe Coppola said the memo was confidential and the line was intended as a joke .
" It was inappropriate , it was in bad taste , and it was definitely in poor judgment , " Coppola said .
But Christie is not taking the letter lightly and had some strong words for the teachers union .
" We can have honest disagreements about policy , " the governor said at a news conference Friday .
" But I am sure there are teachers all across New Jersey when they learn about this today who are going to be ashamed . "
He added , " I wonder what the children of New Jersey will think when the leadership of the teachers union is praying for their governor to die . "
The incident comes as Christie and the New Jersey Education Association are entrenched in a bitter struggle over funding for New Jersey 's school system .
Seeking to address an $ 11 billion budget deficit , Christie , a Republican who was elected in November , has proposed severe cuts to the state 's education system , with teachers being hit especially hard .
Barbara Keshishian , president of the New Jersey Education Association , issued an apology Friday condemning the letter .
" Language such as that has no place in civil discourse , " she said .
" Our ongoing discussion with Gov. Christie is centered on serious issues of significant importance to the state , and that must be the focus of all our conversation . "
About 40 years ago , tech legend Alan Kay invented the idea of a lightweight tablet computer that children could use to learn programming .
Apple 's iPad delivers on the tablet part of that vision – but the company has blocked a kid- friendly programming language based on Kay 's work from getting onto the iPad .
Apple removed an app called Scratch from its iPhone and iPad App Store last week .
The Scratch app displayed stories , games and animations made by children using MIT 's Scratch platform , which was built on top of Kay 's programming language Squeak , according to MIT .
John McIntosh , a software developer unaffiliated with MIT , made the Scratch app for iPhone on his own and announced its removal in a blog post last week .
Though the Scratch app was n't made by Kay ( pictured at right ) , he was n't pleased about the news when contacted by Wired.com .
" Both children and the internet are bigger than Apple , and things that are good for children of the world need to be able to run everywhere , " Kay e-mailed Wired.com .
Kay , a former Xerox PARC computer scientist , is credited for conceiving the idea of a portable computer in 1968 , when computers still weighed over 100 pounds and ate punch cards .
He called his concept the Dynabook .
In his conception , it would be a very thin , highly dynamic device that weighed no more than 2 pounds , which would be an ideal tool for children to learn programming and science .
Kay 's Dynabook was never made , but characteristics of his concept can be seen in the mobile computers we tote around today .
Steve Jobs took a tour of Xerox PARC in 1979 , and some might even say that his visit is still unfolding with the release of the iPad tablet , which resembles Kay 's description of the Dynabook ( illustrated at right ) .
Jobs this month personally mailed an iPad to Kay , who praised Apple 's tablet as " fantastically good " for drawing , painting and typing .
But Kay declined to give his full evaluation of the iPad to Wired.com until his question of whether Scratch or Etoys – another educational programming language Kay developed for kids – would be usable on the device .
With the removal of Scratch from the App Store , for now the answer to Kay 's question would appear to be " No . "
McIntosh said he had sent e-mails to Jobs and Apple staff and received replies from them asking questions about Scratch .
He awaits Apple 's decision on whether the app will reappear in the App Store .
" If you follow the chain of where Scratch came from , yes it is a Dynabook app , sadly not an iPad app , " McIntosh wrote in Apple 's developer forums .
McIntosh said that Apple removed the app because it allegedly violated a rule in the iPhone developer agreement — clause 3.3.2 , which states iPhone apps may not contain code interpreters other than Apple's .
The clause reads :
An Application may not itself install or launch other executable code by any means , including without limitation through the use of a plug - in architecture , calling other frameworks , other APIs or otherwise .
No interpreted code may be downloaded or used in an Application except for code that is interpreted and run by Apple ’s Documented APIs and built - in interpreter (s ) .
Daring Fireball blogger John Gruber , who first reported the removal of Scratch , explained that Apple ’s intention with the “ no interpreters ” rule is to block meta- platforms such as Adobe Flash .
" Imagine a hypothetical arbitrary ' Flash Player ' app from Adobe , that allowed you to download SWF files — such an app would stand as an alternative to the App Store , " he wrote .
" What ’s frustrating about Apple blocking Scratch is that Scratch does n’t seem like the sort of thing that one could use to build software that ’s even vaguely of the caliber of native iPhone apps .
It ’s really rudimentary stuff , focused on ease - of - programming .
But what ’s Apple to do ?
Change the rule to ' no high - quality interpreters ' ? "
Apple earlier this month instituted a new rule that also effectively blocks meta- platforms : clause 3.3.1 , which stipulates that iPhone apps may only be made using Apple - approved programming languages .
Many have speculated that the main target of the new rule was Adobe , whose CS5 software , released last week , includes a feature to easily convert Flash - coded software into native iPhone apps .
Some critics expressed concern that beyond attacking Adobe , Apple 's policies would result in collateral damage potentially stifling innovation in the App Store .
Scratch appears to be a victim despite its tie to Jobs ' old friend .
Apple did not respond to Wired.com 's request for comment .
" I think it 's terrible , " said Andrés Monroy - Hernández , a Ph.D. candidate at the MIT Media Lab and lead developer of the Scratch online community .
" Even if the Scratch app was approved , I still think [ clause 3.3.2 ] sends a really bad message for young creators in general .
We have a forum where kids post comments , and they were really upset about this . ' "
Monroy - Hernández added that reinstating Scratch would n't solve the bigger problem with the App Store .
" Even if Apple approves it now , it sends the wrong message that you have to be backed by MIT , or be famous for a Pulitzer - winning cartoon , to be accepted as part of this digital democracy , and I feel that 's really , really bad , " he said .
" More than accepting the app , I hope Apple will change their policies into something more open . "
Photos : 1 ) Bryan Derballa / Wired.com
2 ) Courtesy Alan Kay
See Also :
Jerusalem ( CNN ) --
The Palestinian Authority has embarked on a series of measures aimed at ending what one official has called the " cancer " of Palestinian economic dependence on Israel 's West Bank settlements .
This week Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas signed legislation banning the sale of Israeli settlement - made products in the Palestinian West Bank .
The ban would make selling and importing settlement - made goods illegal with violators subject to fines and imprisonment .
Hassan al - Ouri , an Abbas legal adviser , argued that Palestinian purchases of settler - manufactured products served only to enlarge the settlements and give them legitimacy .
Speaking to the Palestinian Authority controlled WAFA news agency , al - Ouri likened the settlements to a " cancer of the Palestinian body " that needed to be fought " by all means necessary . "
Some 300,000 Israelis live in West Bank settlements on land seized from Jordan in the 1967 war .
Israeli settlements are one of the primary sources of tension in the decades old Israeli - Palestinian conflict with each side asserting historical rights to the land .
The Palestinian Ministry of Economy estimates that settlement products sold in the West Bank account for at least $ 200 million a year .
Palestinian police have already started enforcing the law with over $ 5 million worth of goods already confiscated .
Palestinian Prime Minister Salam Fayyad recently presided over a symbolic bonfire of seized goods .
Speaking with CNN last month about the possibility of the ban being officially implemented , Fayyad said , " If we regard settlements as illegal under international law which they are ... it stands to reason therefore at a time when we expect settlement products to be boycotted , for our people not to contribute in any way , any shape or form to economic activities in those settlements . "
Israel 's Minister for Regional Cooperation Silvan Shalom blasted the law saying it would harm Palestinians working in the settlements and " sabotages the chances for economic and political peace . "
The ban comes amid a separate Palestinian government initiative to prohibit Palestinians residents of the West Bank from working inside Israeli settlements .
It is estimated that over 20,000 Palestinian laborers make their living in settlements .
Palestinians employed in the settlements say they would rather work elsewhere but have little choice .
" We work as slaves so we can feed our children .
There is no alternative , " 58 - year - old Nefez , a settlement worker with nine children told CNN .
" The person who works in the Palestinian Authority can live , but the average worker is left out in the cold . "
Palestinian officials have publicly conceded that enforcement of such a measure would be difficult and it would be necessary to find alternative sources of income for affected workers .
Settlements have not been the only target of the Palestinian campaign to sever some of the economic ties with Israel .
On Wednesday , the Palestinian minister of communications , Dr. Mashour Abu - Daqqa , announced a ban on the sale of Israeli SIM and prepaid cards for cellular telephones from the Palestinian cellular market .
The ministry said Israeli cellular companies made up 12 percent of the Palestinian market yet pay no taxes or licensing fees to the Palestinian Authority and that the government has not allowed for the development third generations networks for Palestinians
" There is a direct link between the private sector in Israel and the occupation -- the occupation is their arm to make their profits .
This is the classical imperialism , the luxury occupation , " Abu - Daqqa said in a statement .
Anticipating at least a two - hour wait for breakfast , Keegan rationed what was left of his Terra Blues chips from the previous day 's flight .
SAN DIEGO — Houseguest Kevin Keegan announced Sunday morning that , despite being totally awake , he nonetheless intends to remain on the living room couch he slept on last night until one or more of the house 's occupants gets up .
Advertisement
Keegan , a Boston resident staying with his cousin Barbara 's family while in California for a job interview , said that he awoke at the unusually early hour of 6:45 a.m. " probably because of the time zone difference " and had failed in his attempts to fall back asleep .
" That would 've been ideal , " said Keegan , who spent the night awkwardly propped up on a single folded - over pillow and only partially covered by a thin decorative quilt .
" If I had slept another couple of hours , we all would have likely gotten up around the same time . "
Advertisement
" Now my only choice is to wait it out , " the 27 - year - old Keegan added .
" Barbara and Dennis seem like morning people , so they should be up pretty soon .
Plus , they 've got two kids .
Kids usually wake up pretty early , do n't they ? "
In an effort to pass the time , Keegan announced plans to leaf through a coffee - table book of Native American masks , which he estimated would hold his interest for approximately 15 minutes .
Keegan told reporters he is also considering watching television , but after examining the three remote controls within his reach , admitted he was n't confident he could find the right combination of buttons to turn the TV on and then quickly mute the volume to avoid waking his hosts .
Advertisement
In the meantime , however , Keegan will continue finding interesting patterns in the texture of the ceiling 's stucco , listening to the ticking of a large wall clock , and trying to ignore his growing urge to urinate .
" It 's not an emergency yet , so I 'm just going to hold it for now , " Keegan said as he shifted on the couch , trying to find a position that would ease the discomfort in his pelvic region .
" The toilet 's right next to the master bedroom , and I do n't want the flush to wake anyone .
If this were my apartment , I could just postpone flushing , but obviously I can't do that here . "
Advertisement
" What 's taking them so long ? " he added .
" They did n't even go to bed late last night . "
Acknowledged that he was also very hungry , Kegan said he had aborted an earlier plan to visit the kitchen , since he was n't familiar enough with the house to know which floorboards creaked .
Advertisement
Moreover , Keegan reported , any attempt to prepare breakfast would be too risky .
While he noticed the previous night that multiple varieties of cereal were available , including Froot Loops , an old childhood favorite , he determined that the clanking of a metal spoon could prove disastrous .
" Besides , it 's Sunday , " Keegan said .
" They might have plans for a big family breakfast , and it might be even more involved than usual because there 's a guest . "
Advertisement
" Wait , did you hear that ? " he added , cocking an ear toward the ceiling .
" I think someone 's awake … .
I could 've sworn … .
No .
No , that 's just the heat coming on .
Never mind . "
After his second failed attempt to fall back asleep , Keegan said he had considered checking his e-mail on the laptop his cousin 's husband had left in sleep mode on the kitchen table , but was ultimately afraid to do so without explicit permission .
He also contemplated going outside for a walk , but concluded it would be weird if people got up and he was n't there .
Advertisement
" Maybe they go to church , " said Keegan , scanning the room for any religious objects .
" That would mean they'd wake up reasonably early , and if the kids go to Sunday school , they 'd have to get up even earlier .
They did n't say anything about church , though . "
Continued Keegan , " I just hope someone gets up soon . "
When reached for comment , Barbara and her husband were both wide awake , quietly reading in bed .
Advertisement
" The poor guy was really bushed last night , " she said .
" We 're going to let Kevin sleep in a little longer . "
A Mediterranean Hong Kong
One of the more amusing bits of Paul Romer ’s interview on EconTalk was about how he spends his days schmoozing the uncertain network of leaders in poor countries .
He ’s always talking to a guy who knows a guy who knows a guy .
Evidently the President of Madagascar was on the verge of moving forward on a Charter City , but a coup put the kibosh on it .
That nasty set back of regime uncertainty … so difficult !
Now maybe if you can’t persuade them , then you can buy them .
I just read about two German ministers who have proposed that Greece ought to sell some of its islands to cover the costs of its debt .
Near Africa , under the belly of Europe , west of the Middle East , great views , and weather , shipping lanes to kingdom come … what ’s not to love ?
OWEN SOUND , ONT .
–A Progressive Conservative member of the Legislature says he thinks Toronto should become its own province .
Bill Murdoch , member for Bruce - Grey - Owen - Sound , made the radical pitch at a meeting of the Bruce County Federation of Agriculture .
He said rural Ontario is fighting a losing battle against " a Toronto mentality , " adding that Toronto decision - makers ignore rural voices .
He said lack of action on the coyote problem and red tape for food producers are just some of the hurdles Toronto - based decisions create for farming and the rural economy .
Murdoch said making Toronto the 11th province , which requires amending Canada 's Constitution , is the only way rural Ontario will get a voice .
He noted Toronto 's population , at 2.5 million , tops Prince Edward Island at 140,000 .
However , he wants residents in the 905 region outside Toronto to stay part of Ontario .
A $ 500,000 gift donated to the University of Wisconsin Nursing School will assist in constructing a state - of - the art building that will afford nursing students the opportunity to train with the newest technology and gain clinic and patient care experience before entering the work force .
Barbara D. and M. Keith Weikel donated the money to the building project — to be located on the corner of Highland Street and Observatory Drive — which will fund a laboratory named the Barbara D. Weikel Clinical Practice Laboratory .
Barbara Weikel worked as a nurse at the UW Hospital while her husband attended graduate school , and she said their background inspired them to contribute to the nursing school .
“ Madison will always be close to our heart , ” Weikel said .
“ We love the university , and … we ’re happy to help . ”
The majority of the laboratory will be a simulated care environment , School of Nursing Dean Katharyn May said .
The laboratory will be comprised of simulated hospital rooms and clinic care settings , and it will allow nursing students to practice assessments and procedures on lifelike manikins before practicing on actual people .
“ These simulations will [ help students ] learn how to function in a clinical environment in a safe way , ” May added .
May said she believes this building will give the nursing students a home and provide them with a new sense of camaraderie .
In addition to improving students ’ experiences , May added the laboratory would provide nursing students with the opportunity to improve the quality of life for those outside the building .
It was also recently announced the architectural engineering firm Kahler Slater would be providing programming and the design for the new nursing school building , Kahler Slater Lead Design Principal Larry Schnuck said .
The building will include student learning space , research space , accommodations for technologically advanced nursing , social spaces , faculty offices and a large auditorium , Schnuck said
He said he thinks the building , which is projected to be around 160,000 square feet and have a project cost of about $ 52 million , will add to the already strong reputation and ranking of the school of nursing .
Schnuck said the building is being designed to balance the needs and desires of the school of nursing and to help transform nursing education both now and into the future .
“ [ The goal for this building is to ] seamlessly integrate technology which continues to change and evolve … and create an environment that provides flexibility which will help [ the school ] adapt to new things that come online , new learning , and new teaching methodologies , ” Schnuck added .
May said one of the biggest challenges facing the project right now is raising the private funds needed to continue to push ahead with the project .
“ We still need to raise about $ 5 million , ” May said “ But we ’re confident we ’ll get there . ”
May added if the fundraising is completed as scheduled , construction will begin in fall of 2011 and will be completed by fall of 2013 .
An Adelaide woman will stand trial for murder for allegedly killing her husband when she set his genitals alight .
Rajini Narayan , 45 , is also charged with arson for the alleged attack in December 2008 which burnt the family 's house at Unley .
It is alleged Narayan doused her husband 's genitals with methylated spirits and ignited the liquid because she thought he was having an affair .
Narayan fought back tears as she pleaded not guilty to murder and arson in the Supreme Court .
Three charges of endangering the lives of her children were dropped but no explanation was given in court .
Walter Sear addresses the AES convention in 2001 .
Photo courtesy the Audio Engineering Society , used by permission .
It ’s the end of an era : pioneering synth guru , engineer , sound designer , instrument importer , composer , producer , and owner of the landmark Sear Sound recording studio in New York has died at age 79 .
Sear ’s career covered almost everything you could do in sound .
He played tuba in the pit at Radio City Music Hall , imported and sold tubas .
He studied chemistry .
He befriended Bob Moog , introduced Moog to Walter Carlos , and is credited with helping convince Bob to make synths you can lift .
He wrote music for Jim Henson , among other soundtracks and his own “ switched on ” - style record .
Sear is best known in recent decades for founding and operating Sear Sound , a spectacular , sought - after studio in Manhattan packed to the gills with gorgeous vintage gear .
The four - studio facility has become a Mecca for lovers of studio recording , even well into the age of digital , attracting artists from Paul McCartney to Clapton to Sigur Ros and Wayne Shorter and even major TV and film projects ( “ A Bronx Tale . ” )
The studio almost needs a list of clients who did n’t work there since its 1970 opening .
Just as Sear was an expert in what tuba players and would - be synth customers wanted , he managed to turn Sear Sound into a monument to great audio , collecting the ribbon mics and vacuum tubes needed to keep it all running .
Obituaries elsewhere :
R.I.P. Walter Sear [ Consequence of Sound ]
R.I.P. Walter Sear [ Synthtopia ]
I ’m sure there are others ; if you have something to share , let us know .
Here ’s a fantastic 2005 interview by Steve Guttenberg for Stereophile :
Walter Sear ’s Analog Rules
Wise words on synths :
The producers did n’t understand the capabilities of the instrument — and they still do n’t .
It takes imagination to think of a sound no one has ever heard before .
The Moog could have been a contender , but I did n’t sell what it could do hard enough .
Then again , it all started in the 13th century , with the invention of the hurdy - gurdy , the first instrument designed to eliminate musicians .
And the closing quote says it all :
I do n’t want to make money , I just want to make good recordings .
I ’m doing this because I hope people will realize what they ’ve been missing .
I ’ve had a pretty full life — I ’ve played tuba , made a bunch of films , manufactured tubas and guitar amplifiers , sold Moogs .
I ’ve been married 52 years and had two kids .
I did all of these things because I get bored easily .
That ’s why I ’m always on to something new .
Inside Sear Sound in New York , one wall among many audio goodies assembled by Walter Sear .
Several straight media sources were touting this earlier this week as progress on LGBT issues .
Here 's the title TPM ran with the story :
I do n't see what 's particularly disrespectful about his way of talking about sexuality .
Colloquial , definitely .
But disrespectful ?
" I outed him as a straight person , " Josephs said during a fund - raiser at the Black Sheep Pub & Restaurant , as some in the audience gasped or laughed , " and now he goes around telling people , quote , ' I swing both ways . '
That 's quite a respectful way to talk about sexuality .
This guy 's a gem . "
Philadelphia Gay News 's editor :
" We 've hit a new high point when candidates are accused of pretending to be gay to win a seat , " said Mark Segal , publisher of the Philadelphia Gay News and a pioneering civil rights advocate .
" I 've been doing this for 40 years , and I never have heard of this kind of charge in any race in the nation , " he said .
" I take that as flattery .
It shows how far we 've come . "
Did he pretend to be gay ?
I thought " swing both ways " meant bisexual , not gay .
Segal modified his quote for The Advocate , the first media source I saw that saw this as a bisexual issue , not a gay and lesbian issue ( this is why we still need community media ) :
" This is probably the only race in America where a candidate who is claiming to be a member of the LGBT community is actually being questioned by members of the LGBT community and other candidates if he is , " said Segal .
Most likely because he 's bi instead of gay .
Anyway , this is n't progress .
This is the old and tired idea that bisexual people do n't exist , that everyone ( especially men ) are either gay or straight or lying , and that bisexuals can't be trusted because they 're either dishonest or frivolous .
Bisexual people do exist .
If you 're looking for proof of male bisexuality , you can enlighten yourself in the privacy of your own home ( link NSFW ) .
As always , I do n't see any reason for people 's sexuality not to be taken at face value if they do n't give any indications otherwise .
Considering it 's impossible to disprove someone 's bisexuality , you 've got to wonder why a candidate would make such an accusation .
Phillips says that Kravitz said he was gay to her and then she spotted him with a woman so now he 's saying he 's bi .
He says that he 's never talked to her about his sexuality .
It 's impossible to know what happened in that private conversation .
But it is telling that he knows how to discuss biphobia like a real - live bisexual :
" As an openly bisexual man , I was subjected to some horrific things you would never ask a straight or gay person , " he said .
" People asked me , ' How many sexual partners do you have ?
Who do you prefer to have sex with more ? '
Literally .
How does someone prove they are bisexual ? "
A candidate 's sexuality should n't be of any importance , but it is .
Phillips would n't have brought this up if she did n't think she could score points with this .
But I 'm guessing the system probably works and voters wo n't care .
Every article about this has been toting Phillips 's voting record on LGBT issues , but that does n't mean that what she says is going to please everyone in the LGBT community ( or that she has to ) .
She 's probably great on LGBT legislation , but she put these statements on the table and they should be discussed .
The discussion here is n't about whether she should win or lose or whether she 's a good person or a bad person or about whether Kravitz is really bi or not .
Those are all important topics in their own contexts , I 'm sure , but what does it say about all of us when we 're at a place , in 2010 , when a politician says they 're bisexual and their opponent calls them a liar because she saw him with a woman ?
Also bothersome is that outing someone as straight , as if there 's an advantage to being queer in an election even in a very liberal district , is teetering really close to " post - gay " rhetoric that implies that homophobia is behind us and everyone actually wants to help those queers get ahead of hard - working straight people because they get everything so goddamn easy .
But I do n't live in that district , so I would n't know .
Here 's the bottom line on the race from someone who lives there :
We thank F. Lammertyn and all colleagues of the Functional Proteomics group at VIB and Ecophysiology – Biochemistry –Toxicology , Centre for Proteome Analysis and Mass Spectrometry ( EBT - CEPROMA ) at Antwerp University for technical assistance ; M. I. Puga and J. Paz - Ares for providing the prey cDNA library for Y2H screens ; V. Storme for help with statistical analysis ; J. Van Leene and M. Karimi for discussions ; and M. De Cock for help in preparing the manuscript .
This work was supported by the Research Foundation –Flanders ( predoctoral fellowship to L.P. ) , the Agency for Innovation by Science and Technology in Flanders ( ‘ Generisch Basisonderzoek aan de Universiteiten ’ , and predoctoral fellowships to S.T. and J.G. ) , the Special Research Fund of Ghent University ( postdoctoral fellowship to W.G. ) , the National Institutes of Health ( to J.L. ) and the Spanish Ministerio de Ciencia y Tecnología and the Comunidad de Madrid ( to R.S. ) .
Author Contributions L.P. , G.F.B. , J.G. , S.T. , W.G. , A.C.P. , J.M.C. , R.V.B. , J.S. , E.G , G.G. - C. and J.A.L. performed experiments and analysed the results .
L.P. , W.G. , E.W. , J.A.L. , G.D.J. , R.S. and A.G. planned experiments and analyses .
L.P. , D.I. , J.A.L. , R.S. and A.G. wrote the manuscript .
All authors commented on the results and the manuscript .
From CreationWiki , the encyclopedia of creation science
Description
By Henry Morris 300 page paperback .
ISBN 0890513694
The Biblical Basis for Modern Science is not just a book of theology .
It touches every aspect of life including science .
This books is one of Morris 's greatest works , The Biblical Basis for Modern Science shows conclusively that the Bible is correct where it touches upon science .
This remarkable defense of the Bible allows the careful reader to see that evolutionary science is nothing more than a world view with no foundation .
Rather , the accuracy of the biblical records is a marvelous testimony to its divine source .
A revision of one of the classic defenses of the Christian faith
Contains many evidences that the Bible is scientifically accurate
Written specifically for science - minded students
Wide - ranging subjects , from astronomy to the origins of man
Source
Review
insert review here
Review
insert review here
Until we have time to build a real patch directory , here 's a quick fix for you all .
This mirror is provided via Nibbits , so do n't forget to give thanks .
To use these , you will need to do the following :
Download each file .
Place them all within ~ \StarCraft II Beta \Updates ( a subfolder within your installation path ) .
You may have to create this folder yourself .
Launch StarCraft II and it should detect the files automatically .
Now that we 've given you the rundown , here 's your patch ( Please link to this post rather than linking to files directly , otherwise we may be forced to take more drastic measures to prevent hotlinking ) :
( This is the enUS locale / patch )
Enjoy !
Democracy for America ( in an email blast ) :
Blanche Lincoln is a Wall Street puppet for the insurance industry that has contributed over $ 2 million to her campaign .
While over 56 % of Arkansas voters wanted the choice of a public option , Lincoln vowed on the Senate floor she 'd filibuster healthcare reform unless the public option was stripped from the bill .
Senator Lincoln stood up and the insurance companies won [...]
Bill Halter is a solid Democrat , an Arkansas progressive , and a populist leader .
He 's fought for working men and women and delivered real change for Arkansas .
His track record as Lt. Governor proves it [...]
We told the Healthcare Villains we would not forget .
We showed them how popular the public option was in their state and nationwide .
We warned them not to choose insurance companies over the Americans people .
Now it 's too late for Senator Blanche Lincoln .
Fox News :
Check out billhalter.com , and you 'll see instantly why incumbent Sen .
Blanche Lincoln , D - AR , who was already facing a very rough re-election effort with her abyssmal approval ratings , should be even more worried .
A fresh - faced , charming young lieutenant governor , named Bill Halter , in announcing his bid to take on Lincoln , is actually seen getting out of a pickup truck at one point in the campaign ad ( is this the Scott Brown formula ? ? ) -- and even more astounding , one of the things he touts is healthcare reform .
It 's not clear what version , because he rather craftily keeps it general in nature .
Halter castigates Washington as " broken " - a place that 's " protecting insurance company profits , instead of protecting patients and lowering healthcare costs . "
Sam Stein , Huffington Post :
The race is likely to become a proxy battle for the larger debate within the Democratic Party between progressives who believe sticking to core values is the best way to win office and the self - styled pragmatists who argue that they must adopt more conservative positions when running in traditionally more conservative states .
John Brummett , Arkansas News :
Republicans will celebrate the Democratic divisiveness and that Lincoln must now deplete her mammoth resources in the primary .
Establishment Democrats , meaning party insiders , did n’t like Halter anyway , certainly do n’t like him now and will rally the apparatus , to the extent it exists with effectiveness , to push him back .
Right away we need to see if Halter , whose impetus into this race is from the unlikely left , favors card check , cap - and - trade and the health care reform bill as advanced by Harry Reid and modified last week by the White House .
Those are three good opening questions for him when he files tomorrow .
The state ’s business establishment , meaning the chambers of commerce , the Farm Bureau , the utilities , will be scared to death of Halter .
Meantime , there ’s been an interesting dynamic lately as I ’ve been around the state talking to this group and that .
It ’s that I deliever some remarks about the anti-Obama fervor in the state and how Lincoln is caught up in it , and then the first question I get is from some liberal mad at Lincoln from the other direction over health care or estate taxes .
Politics is largely about passion , and I see none for Lincoln and the potential for some for Halter .
MoveOn , in fundraising email :
Blanche Lincoln is one of the worst corporate Democrats in Washington .
That 's why 92 percent of Arkansas MoveOn members voted to support Bill Halter over Blanche Lincoln in a primary election .
Instead of fighting for the health care reform Arkansas families desperately need , she took nearly a million ( $ 866,000 ) from Big Insurance and HMO interests and then played a leading role in opposing the public health insurance option .
She took $ 1.3 million from Wall Street banks and helped kill legislation that would 've allowed struggling homeowners to stay in their homes .
And she sponsored a bill to roll back the Clean Air Act to protect corporate profits .
With Bill Halter , our Arkansas members see a candidate who will stand up to special interests .
Arkansans deserve someone who'll fight for them , not Wall Street .
MSNBC's First Read :
While Arlen Specter vs. Joe Sestak in Pennsylvania and Michael Bennet vs. Andrew Romanoff in Colorado are competitive Democratic primaries , they have n't featured the same level of involvement from the left that we 're now seeing in the Lincoln - vs . - Halter race .
Max Brantley , Arkansas Times :
Why do we need oil painters in a war zone ?
War is a fertile ground for artistic inspiration
By Finlo Rohrer
BBC News Magazine
It might seem strange that the government would fly a group of artists out to a war zone , but paintings from Afghanistan are the latest in a long line of war art that apparently serves a purpose .
Once upon a time artists were sent to wars because the people back home had no other way of knowing what was going on .
In the 19th Century the role of war art intensified as interest in the conduct of war intensified .
Graeme Lothian was attached to a medical unit When the Crimean War broke out , the public back in the UK were hungry not just for the outcome of battles , but how the battle was fought , who did what , and what it looked like .
With photography in its infancy , that meant sending painters and illustrators , and the likes of Edward Angelo Goodall and Constantin Guys , whose work was published in newspapers , shaped the British public 's view of the war .
In later wars even after the advent of more convenient cameras , artists still retained a role .
Artists went where no camera could be taken .
A soldier who had been running between trenches in WWI could paint his experiences on his return , while carrying a camera would have been impossible .
And the feted illustrator Ronald Searle was one of a number of British servicemen who recorded their experiences after being captured by the Japanese in WWII .
But in the era of blanket photographic and video coverage of the wars which Western powers are involved in , why are war artists still needed ?
Sharpened skills Painter Jules George recently visited Afghanistan , as part of a group of artists taken by the MoD and attached to military units .
Mr George has always wanted to paint on a military theme .
" I was going to join the army when I was a lot younger , but made the decision to pursue my art .
I thought it would be interesting to combine my interests with my art . "
Paul Nash 's The Mule Track is on display at the Imperial War Museum
Enlarge Image
After contacting the Ministry of Defence and being selected for the trip , he paid for hostile environments training and looked to his art .
" I did a lot of drawing to sharpen up my skills , " he admits .
Soon he was on a plane and deployed with 2nd Battalion , The Yorkshire Regiment ( Green Howards ) , and able to witness a firefight with them , out on patrol .
" I was on the top of a Mastiff [ armoured vehicle ] and we had a few rounds shot at us .
I witnessed the whole skirmish . "
The convoy was hit by a blast , said at the time to be either a mortar round or a radio - controlled IED .
It gave Mr George a chance to convey what life at the sharp end was like .
After two weeks he had filled five sketch books .
Unique perspective " On a trip like this it is best to do rapid fire sketches , with movement .
I used my drawing book like a camera .
I rely very much on the power and energy of the initial drawing . "
But why is art necessary in a war ?
Jules George witnessed a firefight with 2 Yorks Graeme Lothian , who was sent on the same trip as Jules George , has a unique perspective .
Decades ago he was a commando before breaking his back .
He sees the artists ' purpose as complementary to the journalists and historians who will also chronicle the war .
" It 's good to stand there and take a step back and just look at the Army from a distance .
This will be history one day , Camp Bastion will be dust .
We are painting history . "
And he believes the very act of deploying artists to Afghanistan shows progressive thinking on the part of the MoD. Jules George filled five sketchbooks in two weeks " The Army have always said no to artists , now they are changing their mind .
There is a sea change that artists are important . "
Of course , there would be some who might accuse these artists of being part of an effort to produce propaganda .
" You could say that , " says Mr George .
" Then equally I 'm very free within my own role to produce what I think are poignant images .
The rights and wrongs , that is not something I want to inquire about .
It is the actual fact of the soldiering . "
The issue of propaganda was also wrestled with during the world wars - both of which saw the deployment of artists picked by the British military .
The war in Afghanistan is covered by the mass media and artists
But look at paintings from World War I and it's hard to see the " propaganda " value .
John Singer Sargent 's Gassed , from the immediate aftermath of the war , shows a line of blindfolded soldiers , linked , and slowly moving through a foreground of dozens of other injured soldiers .
In an instant it portrays the grim toll of the war .
CRW Nevinson 's
The Harvest of Battle , also from the end of the war , shows soldiers moving gingerly through a hellish scene of filthy ponds made by shell blasts , contorted bodies and scraps of barbed wire .
Paul Nash , who painted both unofficially and officially in the wars , is responsible for a number of powerful images .
The Mule Track ( 1918 ) shows the sheer terrifying power of a WWI barrage , while The Ypres Salient at Night shows the illumination of an eerie section of the front .
Growing interest
But perhaps the most startling message in his work is We Are Making a New World , echoing the tone of war propaganda .
The " new world " shown in the painting is a hellish , blasted scene , with trees denuded of leaves .
Nash 's work is currently being featured in an exhibition in London and his stock is rising , with big sums being paid for his work at auction .
The works of artists like Paul Nash are increasingly popular
It 's part of a growing interest in war art , says Richard Slocombe , a curator at the Imperial War Museum .
" On the most basic level it is to make some sort of record of the conflict .
On a higher level it is a way of interpreting a conflict .
A lot of artists feel moved to create art as a way to exploration of the emotions of war . "
Nash 's story was noteworthy in that he started painting as an ordinary infantryman at the front , was injured , and returned to the front as an officially - sponsored war artist .
Even with the authorities ' endorsement , he pulled no punches .
The powers - that - be would n't have minded getting back grim images from the front , says Mr Slocombe .
" It was n't so much what they painted .
It was the fact that Britain was commissioning young artists and allowing them to express themselves .
Britain was fighting the war to safeguard individual expression and personal liberty .
Germany was this autocratic system setting out to suppress liberal freedoms . "
There is an echo of this attitude today .
CRW Nevinson 's The Harvest of Battle is at the Imperial War Museum
Enlarge Image
" What they see , they are entitled to paint , " says Lt Col Kevin Stratford - Wright , who organised the artists ' trip .
" We are accountable .
What we do is n't a secret .
It is in the media every day because the MoD is helping it be there . "
And the artists argue that what they are doing is different to the mass media .
" When Afghanistan has gone and finished the next generation wo n't understand .
It is important to record it , " says Mr George .
Much of the Imperial War Museum London 's war art collection can be seen in the current Breakthrough exhibition .
Paul Nash : The Elements can be seen at Dulwich Picture Gallery in London until 9 May .
Send us your comments using the form below .
Name
Your e-mail address
Town / city and country
Your comment
The BBC may edit your comments and not all emails will be published .
Your comments may be published on any BBC media worldwide .
Terms & Conditions
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
AMERICA'S GDP is growing , employment is finally expanding and the stockmarket is buoyant .
Yet one thing has not changed : the Federal Reserve 's monetary pedal remains firmly pressed to the floor .
For more than a year it has kept its short - term interest - rate target near zero while pledging to keep it there for an “ extended period ” .
It has also bought $ 1.7 trillion of long - term bonds , primarily mortgage - backed securities ( MBS ) , to keep long - term interest rates down .
That is unsettling some inside the Fed , fuelling speculation it will soon signal an exit from that ultra-easy monetary policy , perhaps even by altering its “ extended period ” commitment when its next two - day policy meeting wraps up on April 28th .
The most vocal dissident is Thomas Hoenig , president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City and the Fed 's longest - serving policymaker , who has twice formally objected to the Fed 's “ extended period ” language .
That commitment plus zero rates , he explained on April 7th , lead “ banks and investors to search for yield … take on additional risk [ and ] increase leverage ” .
He argued the Fed should soon raise rates to 1 % to “ end the borrowing subsidy ” .
The next day Narayana Kocherlakota , president of the Minneapolis Fed , voiced a different concern : that the excess bank reserves created by the Fed 's MBS purchases create the potential for high inflation .
He advocated selling $ 15 billion - 25 billion of MBS a month , which would clear the Fed 's inventory in five years instead of the 30 it would take for the bonds to mature .
The rest of the Fed and its chairman , Ben Bernanke , have listened politely but are not ready to drop or even water down the “ extended period ” language , much less raise rates .
Dropping the commitment would be tantamount to a tightening of monetary policy as bond yields rise in anticipation of short - term rate hikes .
Mr Bernanke has already said the Fed would eventually sell some MBS , but not now .
By pushing up long - term rates that too would be a tightening of monetary policy .
Bank credit is contracting and getting more expensive .
Excess bank reserves will not lead to inflation so long as the Fed can still raise interest rates , which it can .
Indeed , the Fed has an embarrassment of ways to tamp down inflationary pressure when the time comes , from raising interest rates on excess reserves to selling bonds to telling banks to tighten lending standards .
It has far fewer tools at its disposal for battling deflation , not a remote risk .
Still , as long as the recovery proceeds , the debate can not be put off forever .
The Fed will spend a lot of its policy meeting talking about how to talk about its exit .
The Bank of Canada has helpfully provided a tutorial .
On April 20th it dropped its own commitment to keeping its short - term rate at 0.25 % until the second half of this year , citing stronger growth and firmer inflation than expected .
“ The need for such extraordinary policy is now passing , and it is appropriate to begin to lessen the degree of monetary stimulus , ” it said .
Bond yields and the Canadian dollar rose in response .
The Fed also sees its “ extended period ” commitment as conditional .
It does not mean six months , as many seem to think , but only as long as unemployment remains high and inflation ( both actual and expected ) stays low .
If those things change , so will interest rates .
A federal grand jury Monday charged an 80 - year - old Portland man with Social Security fraud , alleging that over the past 13 years he 's collected $ 87,000 in federal disability payments in the name of his long - dead brother .
Lafayette F. Keaton appeared Monday in U.S. District
Court where he pleaded not guilty to felony counts of Social Security fraud and theft of government funds .
In 1997 , using his brother Jerome 's name and Social Security number , Lafayette Keaton applied for Supplemental Security Income payments , prosecutors contend .
The Social Security Administration , apparently unaware that Jerome Keaton died of heart failure in 1989 in Michigan , approved the application .
Lafayette Keaton collected about $ 6,600 a year since then , said Helen Cooper , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the case .
Lafayette Keaton was himself collecting Social Security retirement payments during those 13 years , Cooper said .
Harold DuCloux III , the public defender appointed to represent Keaton , declined comment .
Keaton could not be reached .
Fraud has emerged as a huge expense for the Social Security Administration , depleting funds even as some warn that the program is headed toward insolvency .
In addition to administering the enormous system of retiree benefits for workers 62 and older , Social Security runs the SSI program , which Keaton is alleged to have defrauded .
SSI is intended as a lifeline of last resort for the aged and disabled , whose income and resources are below certain minimal levels .
Keaton might still be receiving Social Security checks if not for an unrelated election fraud inquiry in Marion County , authorities say .
After an investigation by the Oregon attorney general 's office , Keaton was charged in Marion County Circuit Court on Feb. 10 with two counts of making false statements under election laws .
Keaton allegedly voted more than once in Marion County elections under the names of his dead brother and a deceased son , Cooper said .
Keaton allegedly told the state investigators about the Social Security benefits , and they alerted federal authorities .
-- Jeff Manning
WASHINGTON , April 27 ( Reuters ) - U.S. Defense Secretary Robert Gates said on Tuesday he was very satisfied with Pentagon planning to counter the threat posed by Iran ’s nuclear program .
( Reporting by Adam Entous and Phil Stewart ; editing by Jackie Frank )
Monkey Island 2 Special Edition : LeChuck 's Revenge is coming to the iPhone , iPod Touch , Mac , PC , PS3 and Xbox 360 this summer .
Advertisement
Lucas
Arts revealed the games to kick off their annual Game Developers Conference party , bringing Tim Schaefer and Ron Gilbert , the originals creators of the game , to the front of the room for the announcement .
The special edition includes new high - def graphics , a re-mastered musical score , full voiceover , and an in - depth hint system .
Advertisement
" The Secret of Monkey Island : Special Edition really resonated with gamers young and old thanks to its classic storyline and updated gameplay features , " said LucasArts ' President Darrell Rodriguez .
" We 're adding even more great new features in this sequel and can't wait for classic Monkey Island fans and newcomers alike to experience perhaps the most beloved installment in the franchise ever . "
LucasArts also announced today that The Secret of Monkey Island : Special Edition will soon be available for digital download on the PS3 via the PlayStation Network , for the Mac from Aspyr 's www.GameAgent.com, and for the PC via the Telltale Games online store at www.TelltaleGames.com and Instant Action 's www.InstantAction.com
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
And yes , we totally called it .
Advertisement
[ Pics ]
Fellow AGWer !
Are you worried you ’re losing the climate debate ?
Worry no more .
It ’s a certainty in 17 easy - to - spot signs !!
Main conversational topic among fellow believers are revolving around complaining the rest of the worls is made up of “ deniers ” Highlight of the month : a conference about climate change and the arts , closed by a truly inspiring dance act
You ’ve given credibility to fatuous claims about ill - behaving humans inducing global warming and ultimately causing bad things such as earthquakes , volcanoes Worse : an Iranian cleric has made moral remarks perfectly equivalent to yours : about ill - behaving humans ( well , women … ) ultimately causing bad things such as earthquakes Having waited for major legislation to materialize , you have seen it evaporating at the very last minute Worse : you ’ve been spending time shoring support for major legislation that you agree would be wholly ineffectual even if it passed as dreamed Worst : the only reason to support such ineffectual bill proposal has been the remote chance it might show “ leadership ” ( showing the world how to pass ineffectual legislation , one suspects )
Worse than worst : well after the very last minute , you have openly withdrawn your support , thereby making sure nothing will ever happen
You have celebrated the results of an “ independent ” committee setup by the British Government , even if the final report could n’t help criticizing the IPCC in order to “ pass the blame ” to somebody Suddenly , the political and intellectual German classes has started to look the other way The BBC Science and Environment page is ever more struggling to find any news to report , about “ global warming ” and “ climate change ” , as all the potential physical manifestations have been quickly dismissed as “ it ’s weather not climate ”
Your preferred blogs have been chugging along tediously of late , with naive , self - debasing and embarrassing remarks on the psychology of people that disagree with AGW catastrophism Miraculously , scientific papers have surfaced claiming the latest data support catastrophical global warming , despite the same latest data going the opposite way of previous data the same people claimed as supporting catastrophical AGW Worse : you have not noticed those are exactly the kind of claims that erode the public ’s respect in AGW proponents , especially of the catastrophical variety
The best answer you have had for months for your critics still concerns the well - being of people that have n’t even been born yet , and will do so in a future world we know about as much as Napoleon would have known of World War I and the trenches A great deal of people supporting your side have forever kept turning up dressed funny in front of cameras for the n-th repetition of ridiculous stunts that interest nobody any longer
For months , nothing has appeared to make you happy and your blog and comments have been full only of depictions of future catastrophes .
Yet when a volcano has threatened the lives and livestock of Iceland , and has stranded hundreds of thousands of people all over the world , you could n’t contain yourself and started radiating your newly - found happiness , oblivious of the apparent nastiness and anti-human stance of yours it has shown to all
Cue ever - dwindling public and political support for your reality - challenged belief …
HAGEN . ( hpd / IBKA ) Der Internationale Bund der Konfessionslosen und Atheisten ( IBKA e.V. ) hat zu den vielen Fragen und Unsicherheiten im Zusammenhang mit einem Kirchenaustritt eine Übersicht von Fragen und Antworten zusammengefasst , die hier dargestellt werden .
Vorbemerkung ( 6.3.2013 )
Da sich auch in diesem Bereich die Regelungen langsam , aber ständig verändern , sollte jeder Interessierte sich auch noch auf dem ständig aktuell gehaltenen FAQ Kirchenaustritt auf der IBKA Site informieren .
1. Warum überhaupt austreten ?
Sehr viele Menschen sind der Kirche , in die sie einst zumeist ohne ihr Zutun hineingetauft wurden , gründlich entfremdet und nehmen am kirchlichen Leben nicht teil .
Dennoch bleiben sie häufig Mitglied der Kirche , weil sie glauben , ihre Kirchensteuer werde zu einem bedeutenden Teil für soziale Zwecke verwendet .
Dies ist ein Irrtum .
Die Kosten von kirchlichen Schulen , Kindergärten , Krankenhäusern , Altenheimen etc. werden fast ganz aus öffentlichen Steuermitteln finanziert oder von Elternbeiträgen , Krankenkassen etc. gedeckt .
Nur ein kleiner Teil der Kirchensteuereinnahmen wird für öffentliche soziale Zwecke verwendet .
Man kann also erheblich mehr Gutes tun , wenn man aus der Kirche austritt und einen
Teil des gesparten Geldes für einen gemeinnützigen Zweck seiner Wahl spendet als wenn man in der Kirche verbleibt .
Sogar gläubige Christen treten aus der Kirche aus , weil sie das deutsche Kirchensteuersystem - kaum ein Land der Erde leistet sich finanziell so komfortabel ausgestattete Kirchen wie Deutschland - nicht mittragen wollen .
Neben dem finanziellen Aspekt gibt es auch einen ganz prinzipiellen Grund , aus der Kirche auszutreten .
Welchen Sinn macht es , in einer Organisation Mitglied zu sein , deren Glaubenssätze man nicht teilt ?
In einer Gesellschaft , in der Religionsfreiheit herrscht , kann jeder Mensch es sich aussuchen , welcher Religions - oder Weltanschauungsgemeinschaft er angehören möchte .
Von diesem
Recht sollte man als mündige / r Bürger / in Gebrauch machen , und sich dabei von seinen eigenen Überzeugungen leiten lassen .
2 . Wo muss der Kirchenaustritt erklärt werden ?
In der Bundesrepublik Deutschland muss der Austritt bei einer staatlichen Behörde erklärt werden .
Einzige Ausnahme ist das Bundesland Bremen .
In den Ländern Baden - Württemberg , Bayern , Hamburg , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , Niedersachsen , Rheinland - Pfalz , Saarland , Sachsen , Sachsen - Anhalt und Schleswig - Holstein ist das Standesamt zuständig .
In den Ländern Berlin , Brandenburg , Hessen , Nordrhein - Westfalen und Thüringen erfolgt der Austritt beim Amtsgericht .
In Bremen erfolgt der Austritt bei der Kirche oder einer von den Kirchen zu bestimmenden Kirchenstelle .
Er kann aber auch beim Standesamt erklärt werden .
Die Erklärung wird dort beglaubigt und muss ( per Einschreiben ) an die zuständige Kirchenstelle gesandt werden .
Die betreffenden Behörden haben häufig eigene Stellen für die Bearbeitung von Kirchenaustritten eingerichtet .
Man kann sich beim Pförtner oder telefonisch nach der zuständigen Stelle erkundigen .
3 . Wie geht der Austritt vor sich ?
Wer aus der Kirche austreten möchte , sucht die betreffende Behörde auf , weist sich dort aus und erklärt den Austritt durch die Unterzeichnung einer entsprechenden Erklärung .
Die Behörde stellt dann eine Bescheinigung über den Austritt aus .
Um keine Kirchensteuer mehr zu zahlen , muss anschließend die Lohnsteuerkarte entsprechend berichtigt werden .
Dies geschieht durch die Behörde , die die Lohnsteuerkarte ausgestellt hat .
Die Bescheinigung über den Austritt sollte gut aufgehoben werden , denn es ist schon vorgekommen , dass ein Kirchenaustritt Jahre oder Jahrzehnte später angezweifelt worden ist .
So wie die Verhältnisse in Deutschland leider sind , bleibt jemand , der einmal als Kirchenmitglied geführt worden ist , sein Leben lang beweispflichtig , dass er kein Kirchenmitglied mehr ist .
Achtung : Das " Weglassen " der Religionszugehörigkeit beim Umzug in ein anderes Bundesland ist kein rechtswirksamer Kirchenaustritt !
Wer in ein anderes Bundesland umzieht und dabei im Anmeldebogen für das Einwohnermeldeamt seine Religionszugehörigkeit weglässt , erhält zwar womöglich seine nächste Lohnsteuerkarte ohne den Aufdruck " EV " ( evangelisch ) oder " RK " ( römisch - katholisch ) .
Rechtlich bleibt die Kirchenmitgliedschaft dennoch bestehen , deshalb kann es passieren , dass später rückwirkend Kirchensteuern nachgefordert werden .
Laut Presseberichten erhalten die Kirchensteuerstellen der Kirchen teilweise von den Landeseinwohner ämtern Zugriff auf deren Datenbestände .
Aus diesem Grund sollten Sie die Bescheinigung über den Kirchenauftritt auch gut aufbewahren .
Wenn Sie nach Kirchenaustritt von ihrer ehemaligen Religionsgemeinschaft zur Zahlung aufgefordert werden , müssen Sie beweisen , dass Sie aus der Kirche ausgetreten sind .
Haben Sie keinen Beweis , drohen Ihnen hohe Nachzahlungen ggf. für mehrere Jahre .
Konflikte dieser
Art zwischen den kirchlichen Kirchensteuerstellen und Menschen , die Ihren Kirchenaustritt nicht nachweisen konnten , wurden aus den Neuen Bundesländern ( insbesondere Berlin und Brandenburg ) berichtet .
Der Eintrag auf der Lohnsteuerkarte wurde dort nicht als Beleg anerkannt .
Die Amtsgerichte müssen die Nachweise über Kirchenaustritte nur 10 Jahre aufbewahren .
Wer beim Kirchenaustritt verheiratet , verwitwet oder geschieden war und den Austritt beim Amtsgericht erklärte , kann den Nachweis möglicherweise auch über das Standesamt führen , das die Austrittsmeldung vom Amtsgericht erhalten haben sollte , um sie ins Familienbuch einzutragen .
4 . Ab welchem Lebensjahr kann der Austritt erklärt werden ?
Der Austritt kann ab dem Erreichen der Religionsmündigkeit erklärt werden , also ab dem 14 .
Lebensjahr .
5. Welche Dokumente müssen beim Austritt vorgelegt werden ?
Beim Austritt muss ein Lichtbildausweis vorgelegt werden .
Bei Verheirateten wird außerdem gelegentlich die Vorlage der Heiratsurkunde , des Familienbuches oder zumindest Datum und Standesamt der Trauung verlangt .
6. Muss der Austritt begründet werden ?
Nein .
Im Interesse einer klaren Willenserklärung und um Missverständnisse zu vermeiden sollte die Austrittserklärung keine Begründung enthalten .
7. Werden für die Austrittserklärung Gebühren verlangt ?
Das ist je nach Bundesland verschieden .
In manchen Bundesländern werden beim Kirchenaustritt keine Gebühren erhoben .
In anderen wird eine Gebühr fällig , die bis zu 50 Euro betragen kann .
Baden - Württemberg : 15 - 50 € ( Tabelle ) / Bayern : 31 € / Berlin : 0 € / Brandenburg : 0 € / Bremen : 0 € / Hamburg : 31 € / Hessen : 25 € / Mecklenburg - Vorpommern : 10 € / Niedersachsen : 24 € / Nordrhein- Westfalen ( NRW ) : 30 € / Rheinland - Pfalz : 20,45 € / Saarland : 30,70 € / Sachsen : 20,45 € / Sachsen - Anhalt : 20,45 € / Schleswig- Holstein : 10 € / Thüringen : 0 €
Der IBKA strebt eine verfassungsrechtliche Überprüfung der Kirchenaustrittsgebühren an .
Da nur unmittelbar Betroffene klagen können , braucht es hierzu eine / n Betroffene /n , der / die bereit ist , einen derartigen Prozess mit unserer Unterstützung zu führen .
Der IBKA verfügt für derartige Fälle über einen Rechtshilfefonds .
Die angestrebte gerichtliche Überprüfung ist für NRW mit einer Verfassungsbeschwerde bereits eingeleitet worden .
Leider ist es uns aktuell noch nicht möglich , durchaus wünschenswerte Klagen in weiteren Bundesländern gleichermaßen verbindlich aus dem Rechtshilfefonds zu fördern .
Wenn
Sie von der Austrittsgebühr in einem anderen Bundesland betroffen und bereit sind , sich um der Religions - und Weltanschauungsfreiheit willen auf einen längeren Prozess einzulassen , setzen Sie sich bitte trotzdem mit uns in Verbindung .
Wir bemühen uns , dafür weitere finanzielle Unterstützer zu finden .
8. Kann der Austritt auch schriftlich per Post erklärt werden ?
Ja .
Die Austrittserklärung muss dann aber " öffentlich " , d. h. durch einen Notar beglaubigt werden .
Wegen der damit verbundenen Kosten empfiehlt sich dieses Verfahren nur im Ausnahmefall .
9 . Wie kann man im Gefängnis austreten ?
Wer als Inhaftierte / r austreten will , steht vor dem Problem , dass der Gang zur Behörde nicht möglich ist , weil für den Kirchenaustritt in der Regel kein " Ausgang " gewährt wird .
In Haftanstalten bietet daher ein Rechtspfleger regelmäßig Sprechstunden an .
Über die Gefängnisleitung muss mit ihm ein Termin vereinbart werden , bei dem der Kirchenaustritt dann erklärt werden kann .
10 . Wann wird der Austritt wirksam ?
Der Austritt wird sofort wirksam .
Allerdings endet die Kirchensteuerpflicht in manchen Bundesländern erst mit dem Ablauf des auf den Austritt folgenden Monats .
Wer bisher nicht ausgetreten ist , weil er/sie noch kein steuerpflichtiges Einkommen hatte , sollte beachten , dass zumindest in manchen Bundesländern die Kirchensteuer aus dem Einkommen des ganzen Jahres berechnet wird .
Erfolgt der Austritt zur Jahresmitte , so ist für die Zeit davor anteilig Kirchensteuer zu zahlen , auch wenn erst danach ein Einkommen erzielt wurde .
Der Austritt sollte daher rechtzeitig vor dem Antritt einer Erwerbstätigkeit ( am besten im Jahr davor ) erfolgen .
11 . Kann eine Familie gemeinsam austreten ?
Ja .
Für ihre religionsunmündigen Kinder ( jünger als 14 ) können die Eltern gemeinsam den Austritt erklären .
Da Kinder ab dem zwölften Lebensjahr nicht gegen ihren Willen in einem anderen Bekenntnis als bisher erzogen werden dürfen , müssen Kinder ab zwölf dem Austritt zustimmen .
Grundsätzlich ist allerdings die Konfessionszugehörigkeit der Kinder von der der Eltern unabhängig .
Erklären die Eltern den Austritt nur für sich selbst , bleiben die Kinder Mitglied der Kirche .
12 . Kann ich Taufpatin / Taufpate sein , auch wenn ich ausgetreten bin ?
Kann ich kirchlich getraut werden , wenn mein/e Partner / in in der Kirche ist ?
Ob die Kirchen auch Konfessionslose zur kirchlichen Trauung , als Taufpaten o. Ä. zulassen , hängt davon ab , wie dies in der jeweiligen Kirche geregelt ist .
In der Regel kann man nicht erwarten , als Nicht - Kirchenmitglied zu kirchlichen Handlungen zugelassen zu werden .
Die Regelungen der Kirchen können allerdings Ausnahmen vorsehen .
Da rein kircheninterne Regelungen nicht Gegenstand dieses Dokuments sind , können wir hier nur empfehlen , sich beim lokalen Pfarrer oder einer anderen Kirchenstelle zu informieren .
13 . Kann es passieren , dass ich für meine / n Ehepartner / in Kirchensteuer zahlen muss , obwohl ich selbst ausgetreten bin oder nie in der Kirche war ?
Das kann passieren , und zwar durch das so genannte " besondere Kirchgeld in glaubensverschiedenen Ehen " .
Dabei wird bei der Berechnung der Kirchensteuer eines Kirchenmitglieds , das selbst kein oder nur ein geringes Einkommen hat , das Einkommen des Ehepartners herangezogen .
Dieser hat dann für die Kirchensteuer ( in diesem Fall als " Kirchgeld " bezeichnet ) des Ehepartners aufzukommen .
Der IBKA hält dieses Verfahren für verfassungsrechtlich zweifelhaft .
Neben der Tatsache , dass es faktisch auf eine Besteuerung von Nichtmitgliedern hinausläuft , lassen sich noch eine Reihe weiterer verfassungsrechtlicher Bedenken anführen .
Allerdings ist es in der Praxis nicht einfach , dies von einem Gericht überprüfen zu lassen .
Zur Klage berechtigt sind nur direkt Betroffene , und diese müssen darauf vorbereitet sein , einen langen und teuren
Weg durch die Instanzen zu gehen .
Daher ist es verständlich , dass viele es vorziehen , entweder zu zahlen oder sich der Zahlungsverpflichtung durch den Kirchenaustritt des Ehepartners zu entledigen .
( Der IBKA empfiehlt selbstverständlich letzteres . )
Sollten Sie vom " besonderen Kirchgeld " betroffen sein und vorhaben , dagegen zu klagen , würden wir es begrüßen , wenn Sie uns hiervon in Kenntnis setzen .
14 .
Wie sieht es mit dem Begräbnis aus , wenn ich ausgetreten bin ?
Wegen des Begräbnisses muss man sich als Konfessionsloser keine besonderen Sorgen machen .
Zwar könnte Konfessionslosen theoretisch eine Beerdigung auf einem kirchlichen Friedhof verweigert werden .
In der Praxis ist uns allerdings noch kein derartiger Fall berichtet worden , und es stehen in jedem Fall kommunale Friedhöfe als Alternative zur Verfügung .
Auf eine kirchliche Trauerfeier und einen Pfarrer bei der Beerdigung wird ein Konfessionsloser freilich in der Regel verzichten müssen , was viele sicher liebend gern tun .
Wer jedoch seiner Beerdigung einen feierlichen Rahmen geben möchte , dem stehen nichtkirchliche Trauerredner zur Verfügung , und verschiedene Organisationen bieten weltliche Trauerfeiern an .
15 . Wie kann man außerhalb Deutschlands austreten ?
An dieser Stelle müssen wir uns auf einige Links und allgemeine Hinweise beschränken .
Kirchenaustritt in Dänemark - betrifft nur die ( lutherische ) Volkskirche
Kirchenaustritt in Finnland
Kirchenaustritt in Norwegen - betrifft nur die ( lutherische ) Staatskirche
Kirchenaustritt in Österreich
In vielen Ländern ist die Konfessionszugehörigkeit staatlicherseits nicht geregelt , weil sich damit keine rechtlichen Verpflichtungen verbinden .
Oft sind dort die Religionsgemeinschaften auch nicht körperschaftlich organisiert , so dass die Gläubigen nicht im rechtlichen Sinn Mitglieder sind .
Dann kann man meist nur mit einem eingeschriebenen Brief klarstellen , dass man nicht mehr als Mitglied betrachtet werden möchte .
Man sollte zumindest auf einer Empfangsbestätigung bestehen .
In manchen Ländern ( u.a. Belgien , Luxemburg , Liechtenstein und Italien ) ist es sinnvoll , zu verlangen , dass im Taufregister ein Vermerk angebracht wird .
Deutsche Staatsbürger , die im Ausland wohnen , sollten sich generell auch im Falle des Kirchenaustritts zunächst an die deutsche Botschaft wenden .
Zwar wird man hier erwartungsgemäß nicht begeistert sein , doch sind die Botschaften für Änderungen , die den Personenstand angehen , zuständig .
16 . Wir wollen aus der Kirche austreten , möchten aber unser Kind taufen lassen , damit ihm später keine Nachteile entstehen .
Sein unmündiges
Kind taufen zu lassen , ist aus einer ganzen Reihe von Gründen keine gute Idee .
Der wohl wichtigste Grund ist der :
Wer getauft wurde und später keine Kirchensteuer zahlen möchte , muss austreten .
Jemand , der aus der Kirche ausgetreten ist , hat aber später wesentlich größere Schwierigkeiten , bei einer kirchlichen Einrichtung Arbeit zu finden , als jemand , der nie Kirchenmitglied war .
Wer also seinem Kind Nachteile ersparen möchte , sollte es erst gar nicht taufen lassen .
Kirchenaustrittstellen
Im Zuge des E - Goverment haben Städte und Kommunalverwaltungen die Informationen zum Kirchenaustritt im Internet zugänglich gemacht .
Dort finden sich die Kirchenaustrittsstellen ( z.B. das zuständige Amtsgericht ) mit Adressen und Öffnungszeiten .
Einige Beispiele ( mit Schwerpunkt auf NRW und Bayern ) :
Aachen
Ahaus
Ahlen
Allershausen
Altena
Altmannstein
Arnsberg
Augsburg
Aschaffenburg
Bad Berleburg
Bad Oeynhausen
Bayreuth
Beckum
Berg am Starnberger See
Bergheim
Bergisch Gladbach
Berlin
Die Senatsverwaltung für Justiz erläutert den Kirchenaustritt : „ Der Kirchenaustritt muss persönlich beim örtlich zuständigen Amtsgericht erklärt werden .
Bei Erklärungen zum Austritt aus einer Religionsgemeinschaft ist ein deutscher Personalausweis , bei einem Pass zusätzlich die Anmeldebestätigung vorzulegen .
Verheiratete , Geschiedene oder Verwitwete müssen zusätzlich das Familienbuch , bzw .
die Heiratsurkunde oder das Scheidungsurteil mitbringen .
Bitte vergessen
Sie anschließend nicht , Ihre Kirchenzugehörigkeit auf Ihrer Lohnsteuerkarte austragen zu lassen .
Dafür wenden Sie sich an die Kirchensteuerstelle Ihres Finanzamtes . "
Servicefreundlich ( Öffnungszeiten ) erfolgt eine direkte Verlinkung auf die örtlich zuständigen Berliner Amtsgerichte und die Finanzämter
Bielefeld
Blomberg
Bocholt
Bochum
Bodelshausen
Bonn
Borken
Bottropp
Brakel
Braunschweig
Bremen hat als Bundesland die ungewöhnliche Konstellation , dass man sowohl bei kirchlichen Stellen als auch beim Standesamt austreten kann .
Brilon
Brühl
Bünde
Castrop - Rauxel
Coburg
Coesfeld
Delbrück
Detmold
Dietmannsried
Dinslaken
Donzdorf
Dorfen
Dorsten
Dortmund
Dülmen
Düren
Düsseldorf
Duisburg
Duisburg Hamborn
Duisburg Ruhrort
Ebersdorf b. Coburg
Emmerich a .
Rh .
Erkelenz
Erlangen
Eschweiler
Essen
Essen-Borbeck
Essen-Steele
Euskirchen
Frankfurt am Main verweist auf die zuständigen Amtsgerichte
Freiburg im Breisgau
Friedberg
Garching
Garmisch - Partenkirchen
Geilenkirchen
Geldern
Gelsenkirchen
Gelsenkirchen - Buer
Gerzen
Gladbeck
Grafing
Grevenbroich
Gronau ( Westf . )
Gütersloh
Gummersbach
Gunzenhausen
Hagen
Haigerloch
Halle ( Westf . )
Hamburg Eine Übersicht über die zuständigen Standesämter .
Hamm
Hannover
Hattingen
Heinsberg
Herford
Herne
Herne - Wanne
Höxter
Holzminden
Ibbenbüren
Idar - Oberstein
Iserlohn
Jülich
Kalchreuth
Kamen
Karlsfeld
Karlsruhe
Kaufbeuren
Kempen
Kempten
Kerpen
Kiel
Kleve
Köln
Königsmoos
Königswinter
Korb
Krefeld
Langenbach
Langenfeld
Lemgo
Lennestadt
Leverkusen
Lippstadt
Lübbecke
Lüdenscheid
Lüdinghausen
Lünen
Ludwigshafen am Rhein
Marl
Marsberg
Maulbronn
Markt Eckental
Markt Höchberg
Medebach
Meinerzhagen
Memmelsdorf
Memmingen
Menden
Meschede
Mettmann
Minden
Mönchengladbach
Mönchengladbach - Rheydt
Moers
Monschau
Mülheim a. d. Ruhr
München Das Standesamt München beim Kreisverwaltungsreferat ist zuständig - mit allen Informationen , die man braucht .
Münster
Nettetal
Neuburg a.d.
Donau
Neufahrn b. Freising
Neuss
Norderstedt
Nürnberg
Nürtingen
Oberhausen
Offingen
Olpe
Osnabrück
Paderborn
Papenteich ( in Niedersachsen )
Pforzheim
Pirna
Pleinfeld
Plettenberg
Rahden
Ratingen
Recklinghausen
Remscheid
Rheda - Wiedenbrück
Rheinbach
Rheine
Rosenheim
Roth
Rothenburg
Rottenburg am Neckar
Rheinberg
Salzgitter
Schleiden
Schmallenberg
Schwabach
Schwabhausen
Schwäbisch - Gmünd
Schwaigern
Schwangau
Schwelm
Schwerte
Siegburg
Siegen
Soest
Solingen
Sonthofen
Starnberg
Steinfurt
Stralsund
Stuttgart
Tecklenburg
Thurnau
Unna
Utting am Ammersee
Velbert
Viersen
Vilsbiburg
Waldbröl
Warburg
Warendorf
Warstein
Wermelskirchen
Werl
Wesel
Wetter
Wipperfürth
Witten
Wuppertal
A CHANNEL Nine cameraman has been stood down for calling the father of an Oakleigh riot suspect a ''f --- ing terrorist ' ' .
Simon Fuller was filming Omar Amr , 19 , and his father after the teenager was bailed in the Melbourne Magistrates Court on April 1 .
Mr Fuller , along with other camera crews , followed the pair from the court and filmed them .
A heated exchange began when Mr Fuller said what sounded like ''f --- off '' to the pair .
Amr 's father Gad in turn called him a ' ' bloody idiot ' ' .
Mr Fuller then called Mr Amr a terrorist .
The slur infuriated the pair , who headed back to court to find police , according to a report on Media Watch .
Channel Nine 's Melbourne news director Michael Venus issued a statement to the program , saying Fuller had been stood down while an investigation was conducted .
Editor 's note : Mary Alice Carr is vice president for communications at the National Institute for Reproductive Health
New York ( CNN ) --
As a reproductive rights advocate and a proud mother of two , my blood ran cold as I read about Oklahoma 's new abortion legislation ( HB 2656 ) .
The state of Oklahoma just decided , and by an appallingly high margin I might add , that a doctor is protected from being sued if he or she chooses not to tell a woman that the baby she is carrying has a birth defect .
State legislators made this decision Tuesday , voting 36 - 12 in the Senate and 84 - 12 in the House to override Gov. Brad Henry 's veto of this law .
( The Legislature also overrode the governor 's veto of a second egregious law , HB 2780 , which forces women to view an ultrasound before having an abortion . )
Oklahoma , what have you done ?
Under this new law , a doctor may withhold information , mislead or even blatantly lie to a pregnant woman and her partner about the health of their baby if the doctor so much as thinks that fetal test results would cause a woman to consider abortion .
As expected , the anti-abortion movement is claiming victory .
But this bill is n't " anti-abortion . "
It is devastating because it is anti-motherhood and anti-medicine .
When I found out I was pregnant with each of my children , like every woman who has ever undergone fetal testing , I held my breath at each doctor 's appointment .
I did n't let it go until the doctor or the tech said , " Everything looks great . "
I seized up when they took out the blood work results and I did n't relax until I heard , " It all came back negative . "
But a woman in Oklahoma no longer gets to exhale .
Because now , when a doctor says , " Everything looks fine , " she has to wonder ; does it really ?
Oklahoma politicians have now said that she can no longer count on the sacred trust that always existed between her and her doctor .
A doctor may now lie to her face and , in doing so , deny a woman what is quite possibly the most important piece of information she will ever receive in her life .
The very thought makes my breath catch even now .
The information you get on those visits matters to every woman getting prenatal care , regardless of what she decides to do based upon the results .
The legislators have decided that a woman , when she becomes pregnant , loses the right to full , honest information from her doctor .
It is her right to know this information .
It is how she and her family determine what to do next , not only to decide if they want to continue a pregnancy , but also to consider how they will prepare to care for a special needs child .
What specialist will they turn to ?
What support will they require ?
Who will hold their hand in the delivery room if a child is born who will only live an hour , or a day ?
Does she want to call her own mom in from across the country or does she want to grieve silently with her partner ?
What will they tell the children they already have ?
Does n't every family have the right to the information that may help them decide the course of their future or the future of their child ?
According to the Oklahoma State Legislature , they no longer do .
These politicians have decided they know best what women need .
They are wrong .
I ask each politician in Oklahoma who voted yes on this bill : How dare you ?
How dare you deny a woman the peace of mind that her baby is healthy ?
How dare you not give her and her family time to prepare if , God forbid , her baby is not ?
How is this bill " pro-life " ?
How is this mockery of medical care and paternalistic devaluing of women , " pro-life " ?
This bill is anti-mom , it 's anti-doctor and it is anti-family .
And all women , regardless of how they feel about abortion , should be appalled .
I hope the courts stand up for the women and families whom politicians have turned their backs on and find this law unconstitutional and flat - out wrong .
The opinions expressed in this commentary are solely those of Mary Alice Carr .
Mrs Chaplin said she would continue to wear her cross to work A Christian nurse moved to a desk job after refusing to remove her crucifix at work has lost a discrimination claim against her employers .
Shirley Chaplin , from Exeter , had argued the cross " ban " prevented her from expressing her religious beliefs .
But an employment tribunal ruled that the Royal Devon and Exeter Hospitals NHS Trust , where she worked , had acted in a reasonable manner .
Mrs Chaplin said it was a " very poor day " for Christians in the workplace .
The law does n't appear to be on the Christian side
Shirley Chaplin
Crucifix case - have your say Jane Viner , the trust 's Acting Director of Nursing , said it was " absolutely satisfied " with the tribunal 's decision .
She said : " These were very serious allegations of direct and indirect discrimination and we 're satisfied that the tribunal has completely dismissed them . "
She said Mrs Chaplin , 54 , was a respected nurse and had a future at the hospital .
Mrs Chaplin , who is intending to appeal against the decision , said : " The law does n't appear to be on the Christian side . "
She said Christians in the workplace would feel " quite persecuted " by the ruling .
Compromises rejected
The NHS trust 's uniform and dress code prohibits front - line staff from wearing any type of necklace in case patients try to grab them .
It offered Mrs Chaplin the compromise of wearing her cross pinned inside a uniform lapel or pocket , but she said being asked to hide her faith was " disrespectful " .
She said the hospital had rejected any of the compromises she had suggested , such as wearing a shorter chain .
Mrs Chaplin , who is scheduled to return to work on Wednesday , said she would continue to wear her crucifix on duty .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Drug Enforcement , Gateway to Violence
When the preliminary results of this study came out a while back , it was mentioned here , but now it ’s out , it ’s official , and it ’s an AP story and in the Washington Post :
Study links drug enforcement to more violence
A systematic review published Tuesday of more than 300 international studies dating back 20 years found that when police crack down on drug users and dealers , the result is almost always an increase in violence , say researchers at the International Centre for Science in Drug Policy , a nonprofit group based in Britain and Canada .
When communities get tough on drug crime , that drives up the black market profits , prompting fierce battles to control the lucrative trade , their study says .
And when powerful and successful drug bosses are taken out , it ’s all too common for more brutal and less sophisticated criminals to step in .
“ Law enforcement is the biggest single expenditure on drugs , yet has rarely been evaluated .
This work indicates an urgent need to shift resources from counterproductive law enforcement to a health - based public health approach , ” said Gerry Stimson
Now there is a clear , plain , easy to read and understand , factual imperative for us to re-think using law enforcement in drug policy .
I hope this gets spread in a major way by the AP , because it ’s likely to start up some interesting conversations .
Our current drug czar followed his usual pathetic script :
U.S. Drug Czar Gil Kerlikowske , asked about the findings , said the U.S. government is shifting its emphasis toward prevention and treatment of drug abuse , but he said the prohibition on drugs must remain and enforcement must continue .
By that , of course , he means that the budget shows a 6.5 % increase in treatment , but also an increase in enforcement , and by the time Congress is done with it , the ratio will be no different than before , and we ’ll still have 2/3 of the budget on supply side .
He continued :
“ I do n’t know of any reason that legalizing something that essentially is bad for you would make it better , from a fiscal standpoint or a public health standpoint or a public safety standpoint , ” he said .
Really ?
Are you deaf ?
Are you blind ?
Have you read nothing that drug policy reformers have written ?
Boy , you really just go around and tell people all the time that you ’re stupid .
( “ not in my vocabulary , ” “ do n’t know of any reasons , ” …)
Here are a few for you ( and , of course , everything from Twinkies to jogging is essentially bad for you if abused ) :
Fiscal : Reduction of billions of dollars in enforcement costs that could be spent elsewhere
Fiscal :
Tax revenues from a legal market
Public Health : Fewer overdoses with regulated product .
Public Health : Regulated product also means fewer tainted products and standardized dosage for appropriate drugs , which will save lives and reduce health costs .
Public Safety : Fewer shoot - outs in the streets
Public Safety : Fewer people being processed into the criminal system
Former Drug Czar Walters also stepped in .
The former drug czar , John Walters , said the researchers gravely misinterpret drug violence .
He said spikes of attacks and killings after law enforcement crackdowns are almost entirely between criminals , and therefore may , in a horrible , paradoxical way , reflect success .
“ They ’re shooting each other , and the reason they ’re doing that is because they ’re getting weaker , ” he said .
“ Yes , I know your daughter was shot to death by a stray bullet in a drug war shootout , but that ’s a good thing .
It means the bad guys are getting weaker .
With any luck , your entire family will be next , and then we ’ll know we really have them on the ropes . ”
Before Ratchet and Clank , before Resistance : Fall of Man , there was Spyro .
The first Spyro the Dragon put developer Insomniac games on the map , and gave established Sony mascot Crash Bandicoot a run for his money .
For this edition of replay we cruise around the introductory levels , reminisce on our good and not - so - good memories of the franchise , and even offer up some interesting facts about the game .
Join myself , Andrew Reiner , and Phil Kollar as we assume the role of the spunky purple dragon in an attempt to see how his game has aged .
Is this 12 year - old title still worth checking out ?
To take a look at all of our Replay episodes , head on over to our hub page .
Written by
Have you ever met anyone from North Dakota ?
Ever visited the place ?
If you answered yes to either question , you are either lying or delusional .
North Dakota is n’t real .
For 121 years now , weirdies have been perpetuating the myth that North Dakota exists .
While the origins of this urban legend are unknown , it ’s fun to speculate on .
Perhaps President Benjamin Harrison wanted to see if he could pull a fast one on the American public .
Or maybe South Dakotans were ashamed of the fact that they border Canada .
No matter how this lie was spread , it ’s undeniably one of the greatest hoaxes of all time .
To this day , the majority of Americans continue to fall for the “ 39th state . ”
In a recent AP poll , 99.3 % of adults surveyed indicated that they believe North Dakota is real .
I hope to change that .
I yearn to open the eyes of a people deceived for far too long .
I ask you , my glorious readership , to help me in my quest to spread the truth .
I ’ll be honest with you , if you join me , the road ahead will be difficult .
Naysayers will look at you like you ’re mentally unstable ( Oh , the irony ) .
They will spit out faulty arguments , like :
“ I ’ve seen the film Fargo .
It clearly takes place in North Dakota .
The state just has to exist . ”
I wonder if these same people would be willing to argue that Gotham City , Narnia , and Middle Earth are real ?
We must be patient though , for it takes time to wash away ignorance .
If everyone of you can convince even just one misinformed soul of the truth , we shall triumph .
After all ,
The 49 states that make up the union deserve better than the lie that is “ North Dakota . ”
Shout it from the rooftops people ,
North Dakota is a lie !
Part of the oil slick was only 16 miles offshore and closing in on the Mississippi River Delta , the marshlands at the southeastern tip of Louisiana where the river empties into the ocean .
Already 100,000 feet of protective booms have been laid down to protect the shoreline , with 500,000 feet more standing by , said Charlie Henry , an oil spill expert for the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , at an earlier news conference on Wednesday .
On Wednesday evening , cleanup crews began conducting what is called an in - situ burn , a process that consists of corralling concentrated parts of the spill in a 500 - foot - long fireproof boom , moving it to another location and burning it .
It has been tested effectively on other spills , but weather and ecological concerns can complicate the procedure .
Such burning also works only when oil is corralled to a certain thickness .
Burns may not be effective for most of this spill , of which 97 percent is estimated to be an oil - water mixture .
A burn scheduled for 11 a.m. Wednesday was delayed .
At 4:45 p.m. , the first small portion of the spill was ignited .
Officials determined it to be successful .
Walter Chapman , director of the Energy and Environmental Systems Institute at Rice University , said a 50 percent burn - off for oil within the booms would be considered a success .
Admiral Landry called the burn “ one tool in a tool kit ” to tackle the spill .
Other tactics include : using remote - controlled vehicles to shut off the well at its source on the sea floor , an operation that has so far been unsuccessful ; dropping domes over the leaks at the sea floor and routing the oil to the surface to be collected , an operation untested at such depths that would take at least two to four more weeks ; and drilling relief wells to stop up the gushing cavity with concrete , mud or other heavy liquid , a solution that is months away .
The array of strategies underscores the unusual nature of the leak .
Pipelines have ruptured and tankers have leaked , but a well 5,000 feet below the water ’s surface poses new challenges , officials said .
Reached in southern Louisiana on Wednesday , where he was visiting the response team ’s command center , Tony Hayward , the chief executive of BP , said he did not yet know what went wrong with the oil rig .
BP , which was leasing the rig from Transocean , is responsible for the cleanup under federal law .
After several false starts , it looks as though Stephen King ’s The Dark Tower is finally headed toward adaptation , Deadline reports , under a deal at Universal that will most likely include a trilogy of films as well as a TV series .
Self - described as his “ magnum opus , ” King ’s The Dark Tower so far spans seven novels ( he ’s currently at work on an eighth ) , a Marvel comic series , an online game , and a sprawling alternate universe of locales and characters that factors into many of his other stories , so trying to untangle it all with any sort of linear adaptation is a massive undertaking that only the bravest of the brave have even considered .
You may recall that a few years ago , Lost heads J.J. Abrams , Carlton Cuse , and Damon Lindelof optioned the rights for a thematically significant $ 19 , but in late 2009 each of them balked in turn at the idea of taking on something so complex — and beloved — so soon after wrapping their equally mythology - heavy show .
Now it appears that a creative team involving Ron Howard and Akiva Goldsman — who have previously worked together on The Da Vinci Code , Angels And Demons , Cinderella Man , and A Beautiful Mind — will be taking a run at it , with Howard once again directing from Goldsman ’s script .
It ’s an understatement to say that Goldsman ’s not exactly a favored candidate among genre fans ; films like Lost In Space , I Am Legend , I Robot , Batman Forever , and Batman And Robin have pretty much secured his reputation as a painter who uses nothing but big , gloppy , broad strokes .
On the other hand , Goldsman seems to be the sole driving force behind this deal when no one else even had the courage , so perhaps his passion for the project will force him to create his own redeeming " magnum opus . "
Looks like we 'll find out soon enough .
Reformist Political Action as a Diversion , Part Three
In the first post of this series , I quoted assorted Coffee Party member statements to the effect that civic engagement and political participation are the only game in town .
If we want to change things , we have to participate in the political process .
I argued that , if that ’s the case , then we ’re screwed .
But I do n’t believe that political participation and reformist politics are , in fact , either the only feasible or the best path to change .
Charles Johnson , of Rad Geek blog , has repeatedly argued that it ’s far more cost - effective to find “ effective means for individual people , or better yet large groups of people , to evade or bypass government enforcement and government taxation , ” than it is to work within the political process to change this or that aspect of policy .
I mean , if you ’re a good little Do Bee like the Coffee Partiers , you could ( as Johnson put it ) “ start with the worst aspects of the law , build a coalition , do the usual stuff , get the worst aspects removed or perhaps ameliorated , fight off the backlash , then , a couple election cycles later , start talking about the almost - as - bad aspects of the law , build another coalition , fight some more , and so on… . ”
Or you could simply put a tiny fraction of those resources into developing means of evading enforcement of the law , so you could ignore and break it with impunity .
Trying to outspend and outlobby our enemies is like teaching Grandma to suck eggs : “ If you put all your hope for social change in legal reform , and if you put all your faith for legal reform in maneuvering within the political system , then to be sure you will find yourself outmaneuvered at every turn by those who have the deepest pockets and the best media access and the tightest connections . ”
Take , for example , the new ACTA digital copyright treaty :
We could volunteer thousands of hours of our time writing letters , calling our representatives , organizing demonstrations , and attending public hearings in order to get one tiny seat at the table , alongside the proprietary content giants , and perhaps obtain some minor tweaking of the language that would make enforcement less onerous .
Or we could simply use proxy servers and darknets to copy and distribute proprietary content , and actively do all we can to promote awareness of such methods , so that digital copyright becomes unenforceable .
The real way to achieve change is by living the way we want right now , without waiting for the state to legalize it .
The Wobbly slogan “ building the structure of the new society within the shell of the old ” is a good one : building a society here and now , based on the kinds of counter - institutions we want to work through , starving the institutions of state capitalism of our money and labor as much as possible , working for the day when our new society eats the old one from inside - out and supplants it–and whether that day comes soon or late , in the meantime living the way we want without anyone ’s permission .
I quote from Johnson at length :
“ Instead of protecting people ’s homes and livelihoods with government paper , they can be protected by organized people .
We need new techniques , new institutions , and new social relationships that will ultimately help us to insure against , to evade , to undermine , to resist , and ultimately to disarm government coercion when it comes for our homes or our jobs .
Barn - raising instead of bank credit to build unlicensed homes , and social solidarity and people - powered blockades to protect them from government demolitions .
Tools for confidential exchanges , underground communication , and mediation outside of political courts .
Networks for wildcat strikes and boycotts and shop floor actions to resolve labor disputes rather than bureaucratic arbitration … .
We do n’t need their stinking legality .
What we need is a consensual alternative .
“ There ai n’t nothing wrong with illegality that ca n’t be fixed with more extralegal grassroots social organization .
“ Do n’t legalize ; organize . ”
Exactly .
We ’re engaged in an extended , offensive - defensive arms race with the enforcement organs of the state .
The advantage is almost always to the defense .
A government policy can almost always be evaded for a small fraction of the cost of enforcing it .
In the case I ’m most familiar with , the file - sharing movement , the forces of free culture are always several steps ahead of the forces of proprietary content .
Despite all the DRM and anti-circumvention laws , it ’s generally a matter of minutes between the official release of a movie or record and the appearance of the first DRM - free version at a download site .
We do n’t need to change the law .
We just need to make it irrelevant .
DALLAS , Nov. 15 - Two kidney dialysis patients from Argentina have received the world 's first blood vessels grown in a laboratory dish from snippets of their own skin , a technique that doctors hope will someday offer a new source of arteries and veins for diabetics and other patients .
Scientists from Cytograft Tissue Engineering Inc. , a small biotechnology company in Novato , Calif. , reported the tissue - engineering advance on Tuesday at the annual conference of the American Heart Association here .
Dr. Elizabeth Nabel , director of the National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute , which has spent $ 2.5 million to finance the company 's work , called the new method " extraordinarily promising . "
Because it uses the patient 's own tissue , the technique steers clears of the political and ethical debate surrounding embryonic stem cells .
